Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 261

Originating Summons No 258 of 2018  
(Summons No 1455 of 2018)

| In the matter of Section 27 of the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act (Cap. 30B)  
---|---  
  
And

| In the matter of Order 95, Rule 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap. 322, Rule 5)  
---|---  
  
And

| In the matter of SOP AA406 of 2017  
---|---  
  
Between

| Yau Lee Construction (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Far East Square Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Building and construction law] — [Dispute resolution]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yau Lee Construction (Singapore) Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Far East Square Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHC 261

High Court — Originating Summons No 258 of 2018  
(Summons No 1455 of 2018)  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
27 April, 9 July, 9 October 2018

27 November 2018

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The respondent, Far East Square Pte Ltd, was the developer for a building
and construction project (“the developer”) while the applicant, Yau Lee
Construction (Singapore) Pte Ltd was the main contractor for the project (“the
contractor”). Summons no 1455 of 2018 was an application by the developer to
set aside: a) an adjudication determination dated 14 February 2018 (“the
adjudication determination”); and b) an order of court dated 12 March 2018 for
the enforcement of the said adjudication determination (“the order of court
enforcing the adjudication determination”). The developer sought, in the
alternative, a stay of enforcement of the adjudication determination pending
the disposal of the proceedings in a suit that it had commenced against the
contractor.

Background

2 By a Letter of Award dated 29 November 2010 (“the LOA”), the developer
engaged the contractor for the construction and completion of an integrated
commercial and residential development at Yio Chu Kang/Seletar Road (“the
Project”) for the sum of $82.8m. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

First affidavit of Belinda Abeyegoonasekera dated 27 March 2018 (“Affidavit of
BA”), Tab 2.

The LOA incorporated, with amendments, the Articles and Conditions of Building
Contract (Measurement Contract) (Seventh Edition, April 2005) published by the
Singapore Institute of Architects (“Articles of Contract” and “Conditions of
Contract”; collectively, “the Contract”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of BA, at para 7.

While the LOA was accepted and signed by the contractor on 29 November 2010, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of BA, Tab 2 at p 95.

the parties only signed the formal contractual documents on 23 April 2013 and
it was stated in the Articles of Contract that the Contract was made on 23
April 2013. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of BA, Tab 3 at p 114.

3 Phases one and two of the works were completed by the contractor on 5
December 2011 and 6 May 2014 respectively. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of BA, at para 10.

4 The maintenance period of the works commenced on 6 May 2014 and ended on 5
August 2015. Pursuant to cl 31(11) of the Conditions of Contract, the
contractor was required to submit a final claim to the architect of the
Project (“the architect”) before the end of the maintenance period. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of BA at paras 10–11; Tab 3 at p 148.

However, after the expiry of the maintenance period on 5 August 2015, the
contractor submitted 18 payment claims (payment claims number 55 to 72)
between 16 November 2015 to 23 July 2017, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Second affidavit of Wong Ming Tak dated 11 April 2018 (“Affidavit of WMT”) at
Tab 2.

and the architect issued interim certificates in respect of these claims which
were deemed to be the developer’s payment responses under cl 31(3)(c) of the
Conditions of Contract. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit of WMT at paras 19.1–19.2; Affidavit of BA, Tab 3 at p 192.

Thereafter, the contractor submitted payment claim number 73 (“PC 73”) on 23
August 2017. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of BA at para 16.

5 On 5 September 2017, the architect issued a letter, described as a final
certificate, certifying the final balance payable in the sum of $1,545,776.20.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Affidavit of BA at para 18.

6 Thereafter, on 12 September 2017, the developer issued a payment response
which was entitled “Payment Response Reference Number 73 (Final)”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Affidavit of BA at para 19.

7 On 24 October 2017, the contractor submitted payment claim number 74 (“PC
74”). The developer did not issue a payment response to PC 74. The architect
informed the contractor on 7 November 2017 that as cl 31(11) of the Conditions
of Contract stipulated that the final claim shall be submitted before the end
of the maintenance period and the contractor had failed to do so, he had
proceeded to issue the final certificate in accordance with cl 31(12)(a) of
the Conditions of Contract. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Affidavit of BA at paras 21– 22.

8 On 24 November 2017, the contractor submitted payment claim number 75 (“PC
75”), which was in essence a repeat of PC 73 in terms of the heads of claim
therein. The only difference was that in PC 75, the contractor had reduced its
claim for additional preliminaries, prime cost sum and direct contracts, and
factored in further payments made by the developer. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Contractor’s written submissions at para 34.

The architect issued another letter on 24 November 2017 repeating that no
further progress payments shall be issued following the issuance of the final
certificate on 5 September 2017. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Affidavit of BA at paras 23–24.

9 The contractor lodged an adjudication application in relation to PC 75 on 27
December 2017, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Affidavit of BA at Tab 15, p 462.

and on 14 February 2018 the adjudicator issued the adjudication determination,
finding the developer liable to pay the contractor the sum of $2,276,284.68.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Affidavit of BA at Tab 1, p 34 at para 3.1

10 In these proceedings, the developer sought to set aside the adjudication
determination on the following three main grounds:

(a) The adjudicator lacked jurisdiction as PC 75 did not fall within the
purview of the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap
30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SOPA”). This is because PC 75 was invalid as the
contractor was not entitled to submit further payment claims after the final
payment claim and/or final certificate had been issued. I shall refer to this
objection as the “PC 75 objection”.

(b) The adjudication application was lodged by the contractor outside of the
applicable timelines, either prematurely if the contractual timelines were
applicable, or out of time if the statutory timelines were applicable. I shall
refer to this objection as the “adjudication application objection”.

(c) The adjudicator exceeded his jurisdiction by assessing the contractor’s
claim for additional preliminaries. I shall refer to this objection as the
“additional preliminaries objection”.

The developer’s case

PC 75 objection

11 The developer submitted that, at the time of submission of PC 75, the
contractor was not entitled to submit any payment claim under the Contract.
Therefore the adjudication did not concern a payment claim under s 10(1) of
the SOPA and the adjudication determination was not enforceable under that
Act. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Developer’s written submissions dated 25 April 2018 (“Developer’s written
submissions”) at paras 26–42.

12 The developer’s case was that PC 75 was invalid because the Contract did
not allow the submission of further payment claims after the final payment
claim and/or final certificate had been issued. By the time PC 75 was
submitted by the contractor, the final certificate had already been issued in
accordance with the terms of the Conditions of Contract. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Developers’ written submissions at paras 52–58.

In addition, PC 73 was to be regarded as the final payment claim. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Developers’ written submissions at paras 59–63.

In this regard, the developer relied on the obiter dicta remarks of the court
in Lau Fook Hoong Adam v GTH Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd [2015] 4 SLR
615 (“Lau Fook Hoong”) which it said supported its arguments.

Adjudication application objection

13 The developer also submitted, in the event that PC 75 is valid under the
SOPA, that the adjudication application was lodged outside of the applicable
timelines.

14 Pursuant to s 10(2)(b) of the SOPA, the applicable timelines were those
stipulated under the SOPA and not under the Contract as there was no provision
in the Contract that dealt with the situation where a payment claim was
submitted by the contractor after the final claim and/or final certificate had
been issued. Based on the timeline prescribed under s 13(3)(a) of the SOPA,
the contractor had lodged its adjudication application late. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Developer’s written submissions at para 118.

15 In the alternative, the developer argued that if the contractual timelines
were applicable as opposed to the statutory timelines, the adjudication
application was lodged prematurely. It disagreed with the adjudicator’s
finding that the date of contract was the date stipulated in the Articles of
Contract (ie, 23 April 2013) and submitted that the date of Contract was
instead the date on which the LOA was signed (ie, 29 November 2010). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Developer’s written submissions at paras 120–121.

Taking the date of the Contract to be 29 November 2010, the contractor had
lodged its adjudication application prematurely. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Developer’s written submissions at para 140.

Waiver and estoppel

16 The developer submitted that although it had not issued a payment response
to PC 75, it was not precluded from raising arguments concerning the
adjudicator’s jurisdiction in these proceedings. It argued that the
requirement in Audi Construction Pte Ltd v Kian Hiap Construction Pte Ltd
[2018] 1 SLR 317 (“Audi Construction”) for a respondent to raise
jurisdictional objections in a payment response or otherwise be regarded as
having waived its right to object was inapplicable in the present case. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Developer’s written submissions at para 73.

17 In the alternative, the developer submitted that it had raised its
objections pertaining to the validity of PC 75 timeously, through the letter
sent by the architect to the contractor on the very same date on which PC 75
was submitted by the contractor, ie, 24 November 2017. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Developer’s written submissions at paras 98–109.

18 At the hearing before me, the developer also submitted that even if it was
precluded from raising the PC 75 objection due to its failure to file a
payment response, it was not precluded from raising the adjudication
application objection. The developer could only raise objections concerning
the timing of the lodgement of the adjudication application in its
adjudication response and not any earlier because the adjudication application
would post-date the time for the submission of the payment response.
Therefore, it could not anticipate and object to any errors made in the
adjudication application by the contractor at the payment response stage. In
this case, the developer had raised the adjudication application objection at
the earliest opportunity, in its adjudication response.

Additional preliminaries objection

19 The developer submitted that the adjudicator erred in allowing the
contractor’s claim for additional preliminaries since he had no jurisdiction
to consider such a claim.

20 It was argued that the Contract allowed additional preliminaries to be
claimed for prolongation arising from variations but not prolongation arising
from other delaying events such as delays by the architect/developer. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Developer’s written submissions at paras 145–148.

The contractor’s claim was the latter. Prolongation claims arising from other
delaying events cannot be determined by way of adjudication since such a claim
is based on breach of contract and is not a claim for construction work done
which is required for the adjudication regime to be engaged. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Developer’s written submissions at paras 151–156.

Such a claim, being complex in nature, should be determined by a court where
evidence and disputed facts can be better ventilated, rather than in
adjudication proceedings. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Developer’s written submissions at para 157–168.

21 Given that the adjudicator had acted in excess of his jurisdiction in
determining the prolongation claims, the adjudication award should be severed
and the portion relating to the prolongation claims amounting to $926,355.50
should be set aside. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Developer’s written submissions at para 169–173.

The contractor’s case

PC 75 objection

22 The contractor submitted that it was entitled to submit further payment
claims after the issuance of the final certificate and hence PC 75 was valid.
Correspondingly, the adjudicator had the jurisdiction to hear the claim. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Contractor’s written submissions at para 29.

23 First, PC 73 was not the final payment claim, contrary to the submissions
of the developer. Even after the expiry of the maintenance period on 5 August
2015, the contractor had continued to submit payment claims and the architect
had continued to issue interim certificates in response to these claims, which
were deemed to be the developer’s payment responses under the Conditions of
Contract. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Contractor’s written submissions at para 30.2.

This amounted to a waiver by the developer of the requirement under cl 31(11)
of the Conditions of Contract for a final payment claim to be submitted before
the end of the maintenance period. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Contractor’s written submissions at para 30.3.

In the circumstances, the developer was not entitled to unilaterally treat PC
73 as the final payment claim. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Contractor’s written submissions at para 30.4.

24 Second, it was argued that there were no express exclusions in the Contract
which prevented the contractor from submitting further payment claims after
the final certificate had been issued. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Contractor’s written submissions at para 31.

25 Third, pursuant to s 10(4) of the SOPA, the contractor was entitled to
submit a fresh payment claim for a sum included in a prior payment claim that
had not yet been adjudicated upon. This was precisely the nature of PC 75, in
that it was a repeat of PC 73 in terms of the heads of claim. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Contractor’s written submissions at paras 34–37.

Adjudication application objection

26 The contractor argued that by virtue of s 10(2)(a) of the SOPA, the
contractually stipulated timelines were applicable rather than the default
statutory timelines. There was no reason why the contractual timelines should
cease to apply in relation to a claim submitted after the issuance of the
final certificate. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Contractor’s written submissions at paras 40–51.

Hence, the adjudication application was lodged at the appropriate time
pursuant to the contractual terms.

27 As for the developer’s contention that the adjudication application was
lodged prematurely if the contractual timelines were applicable, the
contractor countered that the contract date was that which was expressly
stated in the Articles of Contract (ie, 23 April 2013) rather than the date
the LOA was signed (ie, 29 November 2010). On this basis, the adjudication
application was not lodged prematurely. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Contractor’s written submissions at paras 59–61.

Waiver and estoppel

28 The contractor submitted that the developer was estopped from raising the
PC 75 objection in these proceedings. It relied primarily on the case of Audi
Construction to argue that the developer’s failure to file a payment response
to PC 75 constituted an unequivocal representation that it would not raise any
objections to PC 75, and that the developer was therefore estopped from
bringing such an objection before the adjudicator and the court. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Contractor’s written submissions at paras 18–23.

In addition, the architect’s letter of 24 November 2017 was not a valid
objection to PC 75 on the part of the developer. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Contractor’s written submissions at paras 26–27.

29 The developer was also estopped from raising the adjudication application
objection. The developer’s submission on the applicability of statutory
timelines as opposed to contractual timelines was premised on PC 75 being an
invalid payment claim under the Contract. Therefore, the developer’s objection
on the timing of the lodgement of the adjudication application was
inextricably linked to its PC 75 objection. Since it had not raised the PC 75
objection through a payment response, the developer could not raise objections
on the timing of the adjudication application in these proceedings either.

Additional preliminaries objection

30 The contractor argued that the adjudicator was entitled to consider its
claim for additional preliminaries. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Contractor’s written submissions at para 72.

Given that the adjudicator’s decision on the claim for additional
preliminaries went towards the substance of the claim, the court should not
delve into the merits of the adjudicator’s decision in the present
application. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Contractor’s written submissions at para 73.

31 In any event, the adjudicator was correct in finding that cl 5(2) of the
Conditions of Contract allowed the assessment of additional preliminaries for
prolongation of the Contract in general, not just prolongation from
variations. The contractor submitted in this regard that its claim for
additional preliminaries was made pursuant to the mechanism provided for such
claims under the Contract, and was not a general damages claim premised on
breach of contract. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Contractor’s written submissions at paras 75–79.

Issues

32 The issues in this case were:

(a) Was the developer estopped from raising the PC 75 objection? If no, was PC
75 an invalid payment claim?

(b) Was the developer estopped from raising the adjudication application
objection? If no:

(i) What was the applicable timeline for the filing of the adjudication
application by the contractor?

(ii) Was the applicable timeline adhered to by the contractor?

(c) Was the adjudicator entitled to consider the contractor’s claim for
additional preliminaries?

My decision

33 I found that the developer was estopped from raising the PC 75 objection
and the adjudication application objection due to its failure to file a
payment response. I also found that the adjudicator had the jurisdiction to
grant the additional preliminaries and that his decision on this was not
reviewable. In the circumstances, I dismissed the developer’s application for
the setting aside of the adjudication determination.

Analysis

Whether the developer was estopped from raising the PC 75 objection

34 In Audi Construction, the Court of Appeal held that a respondent has a duty
to speak and to raise its objections to the claimant’s payment claim in its
payment response. Should the objection not be raised in the payment response,
the respondent would be taken to have waived its right to raise the objection
and would be estopped from raising such objection thereafter before the
adjudicator and the court (see Audi Construction at [66]–[67]).

35 The developer argued that it was not precluded by the doctrines of estoppel
or waiver from raising the PC 75 objection notwithstanding Audi Construction.
In this regard, the developer submitted that a distinction should be drawn
between payment claims that are invalid by virtue of non-compliance with the
mandatory provisions of the SOPA (eg, where the payment claim is not served on
the correct date) (“first category”) and payment claims that are invalid as
they fall outside of the SOPA from the outset (eg, where the payment claim
falls within a category excluded by the SOPA such as where it pertains to
construction work outside of Singapore) (“second category”). 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Developer’s written submissions at paras 73–74.

A respondent who fails to file a payment response should be taken to have
waived its right to raise a jurisdictional objection only if the objection
fell within the first category. This is because the first category of
invalidity can be rectified by a claimant through issuing a new payment claim,
while the second category of invalidity cannot be so rectified. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Developer’s written submissions at paras 79–80.

According to the developer, as its PC 75 objection fell within the second
category, it was not required to raise its objection in a payment response.

36 I was unable to accept the developer’s submissions in this regard. In Audi
Construction, the Court of Appeal clearly stated that the duty to speak arises
in relation to any jurisdictional objection to a payment claim. The
developer’s objection to PC 75, however classified, would fall within this
broad scope where there is a duty to speak.

37 As the Court of Appeal explained in Audi Construction, the reason that
there is a broad duty to raise jurisdictional objections early, in the payment
response, is because s 15(3)(a) of the SOPA restricts the issues which can be
raised before an adjudicator to issues stated in the payment response. The
duty also arises on account of the general regime of expeditious dispute
resolution underlying the SOPA. Section 15(3)(a) of the SOPA reads:

The respondent shall not include in the adjudication response, and the
adjudicator shall not consider, any reason for withholding any amount,
including but not limited to any cross-claim, counterclaim and set-off, unless
—

(a) where the adjudication relates to a construction contract, the reason was
included in the relevant payment response provided by the respondent to the
claimant; …

38 In particular, the Court of Appeal stated in Audi Construction:

52\. … Of overriding importance to the scheme of the Act is the expeditious
resolution of payment disputes, and there is no reason to allow respondents to
withhold jurisdictional objections of any nature only to spring them on the
claimant in court.

66\. … By that provision [ie, s 15(3)(a)], the Act restricts the issues which
can be raised before an adjudicator to the issues stated in the payment
response provided by the respondent to the claimant. It follows that if a
respondent wants to raise a jurisdictional objection before the adjudicator,
he must include that objection in the payment response. Reading s 15(3)(a) as
requiring a respondent to raise any jurisdictional objection it has in its
payment response is, again, entirely in line with the purpose of the Act,
which need not be repeated (see [1], [49] and [52] above). Section 15(3)(a)
and the general regime of expeditious dispute resolution being the relevant
legal context of this case, we have no hesitation in holding that a respondent
has a duty to raise jurisdictional objections in his payment response.

[emphasis added]

39 Therefore, as the developer failed to file a payment response, it was
estopped from raising any arguments on the invalidity of PC 75 and the
corresponding lack of jurisdiction of the adjudicator in the adjudication and
in the present proceedings.

Whether the architect’s letter was a payment response or other objection to PC
75

40 The developer submitted in the alternative that it was not estopped from
raising its jurisdictional objection because it had raised objections to PC 75
through the architect’s letter dated 24 November 2017. The architect was
acting as an agent of the developer in notifying the contractor that no
further payment claims were to be submitted after the final certificate had
been issued. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Developer’s written submissions at paras 106–108.

The developer argued that the architect’s letter constituted a payment
response. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Minute sheet dated 27 April 2018.

In the alternative, if the architect’s letter did not constitute a payment
response, the developer argued that there was no reason why it could not raise
jurisdictional objections through other means aside from a payment response,
such as through correspondence between the parties. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Developer’s written submissions at paras 98–105.

41 The architect’s letter read: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Affidavit of BA, Tab 14 at p 454

We refer to your letter ref. YLCS/SGW/CM/PC/0075 dated 24 November 2017 on the
above subject.

Please note that the Final Certificate has been issued via our letter ref.
2-ADDP/914/09K-171278 dated 5 September 2017.

Hence, there will be no further progress payment after the above-mentioned
Final Certificate.

42 I found that the developer’s duty to speak in relation to its objection to
PC 75 was not discharged by the architect’s letter of 24 November 2017. The
architect’s letter was not a payment response as it did not state the response
amount and the reasons for the difference between that amount and the claim as
required by s 11(3) of the SOPA. That provision states as follows:

(3) A payment response provided in relation to a construction contract –

…

(b) shall state the response amount (if any);

(c) shall state, where the response amount is less than the claimed amount,
the reason for the difference and the reason for any amount withheld; and

(d) shall be made in such form and manner, and contain such other information
or be accompanied by such documents, as may be prescribed.

In relation to s 11(3)(d) of the SOPA, reg 6 of the Building and Construction
Industry Security of Payment Regulations (Cap 30B, Rg 1, 2006 Rev Ed) provides
as follows:

6.—(1) Every payment response provided in relation to a construction contract
shall —

…

(c) state “nil” where the respondent does not propose to pay any part of the
claimed amount and the reasons therefor; and

(d) where the response amount is less than the claimed amount —

…

(ii) contain any amount that is being withheld, the reason for doing so and
the calculations which show how the amount being withheld is derived.

43 The architect’s letter did not state that the response amount was “nil” and
did not provide the reason for this. Although the letter alluded to a “Final
Certificate” and “no further progress payment” after that, it is necessary for
a respondent in a payment response to state its contractual position clearly
in this kind of situation. In the circumstances, the architect’s letter of 24
November 2017 could not constitute a payment response under the SOPA.

44 I also rejected the developer’s alternative submission that it need not
object to PC 75 through a payment response, but may object through
correspondence. Section 15(3)(a) of the SOPA (see [37] above) restricts the
issues which can be raised before an adjudicator to those stated in the
payment response and thereby renders it necessary for the respondent to
include its jurisdictional objection in its payment response in order to raise
it before the adjudicator. It was thus insufficient for the developer to raise
objections through correspondence between the parties.

Whether PC 75 was a payment claim

45 As the developer was estopped from objecting to the jurisdiction of the
adjudicator on the basis of the purported invalidity of PC 75, I did not
strictly speaking have to consider if PC 75 was an invalid claim.

46 In any event, I was of the view that PC 75 was a valid claim. Having
continued to accept 18 interim payment claims subsequent to the end of the
maintenance period, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Affidavit of WMT at Tab 4, pp 268-–304.

the architect and the developer had in effect waived the requirement under cl
31(11) of the Conditions of Contract for the final payment claim to be
submitted prior to the end of the maintenance period. The contractor,
developer and architect were operating outside the scope of the Contract. In
this regard, the developer and architect were not entitled to unilaterally
treat PC 73 as the final payment claim, proceed to issue the final
certificate, and prevent any further payment claims from being submitted
thereafter by the contractor. To allow otherwise would result in injustice to
the contractor who may have intended to include other heads of claim if the
payment claim in question was to be treated as the final claim.

47 The facts in the present case were also distinguishable from that in Lau
Fook Hoong, a case relied on by the developer. While the contractor in this
case had expressly written to the architect and the developer to inform them
that PC 73 should not be treated as its final payment claim, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Affidavit of WMT at Tab 6, pp 388 and 392.

the claimant in Lau Fook Hoong had in fact provided confirmation that the
payment claim in question was its “final account” document upon a request for
clarification from the quantity surveyor (see Lau Fook Hoong at [8]–[9]). Thus
the principle expressed, obiter, in Lau Fook Hoong that no further payment
claims should be submitted after the final payment claim as this would defeat
the final nature of the final payment claim and accounting process (see Lau
Fook Hoong at [48]–[49]) was not applicable in this case as PC 73 was not the
final payment claim. I therefore rejected the developer’s submission that PC
75 was invalid as it was issued after the final payment claim and final
certificate were issued.

48 In any event, as PC 75 was essentially a repeat of PC 73 which had not been
adjudicated upon, the contractor was also entitled under s 10(4) of the SOPA
to submit PC 75 even if PC 73 was deemed the final payment claim. In Grouteam
Pte Ltd v UES Holdings Pte Ltd [2016] 5 SLR 1011, the Court of Appeal held
that a “payment claim which merely repeated an earlier claim” is permissible
under s 10(4) of the SOPA “where a previous payment claim for the same work or
goods was not in fact adjudicated on the merits” (at [57]). The Court of
Appeal explained that the mechanism under s 10(4) of the SOPA addresses the
potential draconian effect from the mandatory requirement under s 10(2) for
payment claims to be served in accordance with stipulated timelines (at
[56]–[58]).

49 The developer argued that s 10(4) of the SOPA was applicable in the context
of interim payment claims but was not applicable after the final payment claim
and/or final certificate had been issued. However I found that the developer’s
reading of s 10(4) was not justified by the wording of the section. Under s
10(4), the only restriction on the contractor’s right to submit a repeat claim
is that the preceding claim must have been served within six years after the
construction work to which the claim relates was carried out. Section 10(4) of
the SOPA reads:

Nothing in subsection (1) shall prevent the claimant from including, in a
payment claim in which a respondent is named, an amount that was the subject
of a previous payment claim served in relation to the same contract which has
not been paid by the respondent if, and only if, the first-mentioned payment
claim is served within 6 years after the construction work to which the amount
in the second-mentioned payment claim relates was last carried out, or the
goods or services to which the amount in the second-mentioned payment claim
relates were last supplied, as the case may be.

Whether the developer was estopped from raising the adjudication application
objection

50 While the developer framed its adjudication application objection as one
based on the timing of the lodgement of the adjudication application which
could not be raised at the payment response stage, I found that the
adjudication application objection was inextricably linked to the PC 75
objection. As the developer was estopped from arguing that PC 75 was invalid
under the Contract, the developer was also estopped from making submissions on
the applicable timelines for the filing of the adjudication application, since
this was dependent on its position on PC 75 which it did not make an election
on at the payment response stage.

51 The adjudication application objection – being premised on the
applicability of the default timelines under the SOPA – presupposes that PC 75
is an invalid payment claim under the Contract but is valid under the SOPA.
For the reasons that I have stated at [34]–[39] above, the developer was under
an obligation to raise its PC 75 objection early via a payment response. Had
the developer informed the contractor that it objected to the validity of PC
75 under the Contract, the contractor could have filed its adjudication
application in accordance with the SOPA timelines or during the period of
overlap, if any, where both timelines would have been met.

52 To hold otherwise would allow the developer to reserve its position on PC
75 until the adjudication proceedings and to put forward numerous alternative
submissions at the proceedings, both on the validity of the payment claim and
the timing of the adjudication application, as was attempted by the developer
in the present case. This would put a respondent who does not file a payment
response in a more favourable position than one who does so which would defeat
the objectives of the SOPA. As the Court of Appeal stated in W Y Steel
Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 380 (at [33]–[34]):

33 … In view of the scheme of the Act, it is clear that WY Steel’s argument –
viz, that s 15(3) applies to exclude consideration of matters not contained in
a payment response only where a payment response, albeit an incomplete one,
has been filed and not otherwise – cannot be right. This reading would …
perversely favour a respondent who did not file a payment response at all over
one who did and, thus, would incentivise conduct that defeats the very
purposes of the Act.

34 In our judgment, Parliament intended that a respondent should ventilate his
reasons for withholding payment within the timelines prescribed by the Act or
suffer the consequences, namely, losing the opportunity to ventilate those
reasons at all at the adjudication stage. …

53 Therefore, the developer was estopped from arguing that the adjudication
application was either lodged late pursuant to statutory timelines or
prematurely pursuant to contractual timelines.

Whether the adjudicator was entitled to consider the contractor’s claim for
additional preliminaries

54 The contractor made a claim for additional preliminaries totalling
$1,678,024.33 arising from the delay in the completion of Phase 2 of the
Project. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Contractor’s written submissions at para 68.

The adjudicator allowed the contractor’s claim for additional preliminaries
partially, in the amount of $926,355.50. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Affidavit of BA, Tab 1, at p 82 para 156.

55 I found that the adjudicator was entitled to find that the contractor could
make its claim for prolongation under cl 5(2) of the Conditions of Contract
and that his decision in this area was not reviewable by this court.

56 Clause 5(2) of the Conditions of Contract states: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Affidavit of BA, Tab 3 at p 124.

In the case of any preliminary items of expenditure in the Bills the
Contractor shall when tendering indicate by an appropriate key letter those
items requiring adjustment based on the quantities of work carried out (Letter
Q); those items requiring adjustment based on the time required to carry out
the work (Letter T); and those items of expenditure which are of a once-for-
all or fixed character and independent of quantities or time (Letter F). In
the case of Preliminary or General or Contingency or Lump Sum items, the
Contractor shall in addition when tendering indicate precisely all categories
of expenditure contemplated by those items which are not included in his other
rates and prices. Preliminary items for which the Contractor has given no key
letter indication shall be deemed to be fixed.

57 The adjudicator found that: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Affidavit of BA, Tab 1, at p 76 paras 131.4 and 132.

131.4 … Clause 5(2) stated quite clearly that apart from valuing variations,
the breakdown in Bill No. 1 are also agreed to be for the purpose of measuring
the Works. Therefore, if the work quantities were different as a result of
remeasurement or if the work quantities were carried out over a longer
duration than originally contracted for, I think the breakdown of the
preliminary items in Bill No. 1 were intended to be used to facilitate
remeasurement, including remeasuring the preliminary items.

…

132 It is therefore my view and finding that the breakdown provided in Bill
No. 1 pursuant to Clause 5(2) can be used to assess additional preliminaries
which arise from prolongation of the Contract in general and is not confined
to prolongation from variations. …

58 While the developer submitted that the adjudicator had no power to award
damages for breach of contract, the additional preliminaries were not awarded
on this basis, but pursuant to a term of the Contract. The adjudicator was
entitled to find that the contractual provision allowed the contractor to make
its claim for additional preliminaries from prolongation.

59 In Metropole Pte Ltd v Designshop Pte Ltd [2017] 4 SLR 277, the court made
a similar finding in relation to the adjudicator’s jurisdiction to interpret a
term of the parties’ contract. In that case, the respondent argued that the
adjudicator exceeded his jurisdiction by allowing the claimant to rely on cl
2.3(3) of the parties’ contract to make its claims. Clause 2.3(3) of the
parties’ contract provided that upon termination of the contract, the
respondent was to pay the claimant a minimum of two-thirds of the fee for a
particular stage of work if the claimant had carried out any work at all for
that stage. In relation to the respondent’s submission that cl 2.3(3) was a
clause for damages for breach of contract which should be dealt with in
separate dispute resolution proceedings rather than in adjudication
proceedings, the court stated (at [93]–[94]):

93 … [T]he manner in which cl 2.3(3) should be interpreted is a matter that
falls within the adjudicator’s jurisdiction and is an aspect of the merits of
his determination. The adjudicator has interpreted cl 2.3(3) to exclude claims
for stages of work for which no work has commenced. He has also found that
[the claimant] commenced works for stages E and H but not for stages L, M, and
N. He therefore did not allow [the claimant’s] claim for two-thirds of the
fees for stages L, M, and N (see adjudication determination at [50]).

94 Although [the respondent] has made submissions with respect to the
appropriate interpretation of cl 2.3(3), the court cannot and should not go
into the merits of the adjudicator’s interpretation of cl 2.3(3) or his
findings on whether work had indeed commenced for each stage.

60 In the present case, the adjudicator interpreted cl 5(2) of the Conditions
of Contract as allowing a claim to be made for additional preliminaries from
prolongation in general (not just from variation) and the court should not and
cannot go into the merits of the adjudicator’s interpretation and assessment.
Therefore, I rejected the developer’s submission that the adjudicator exceeded
his jurisdiction in awarding the additional preliminaries under cl 5(2) of the
Conditions of Contract.

Conclusion

61 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the developer’s stay application and
application to set aside the adjudication determination and the order of court
enforcing the adjudication determination.

62 In the circumstances, I ordered the sum of $2,276,284.68 and the costs of
the application fixed at $17,000 (inclusive of disbursements) to be paid out
to the contractor. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Minute sheet dated 9 October 2018.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Raymond Chan and Oung Hui Wen Karen (Chan Neo LLP) for the applicant;  
Chuah Chee Kian Christopher, Lee Hwai Bin, Muhammad Asfian Bin Mohaimi,
Valerie Koh and Deborah Hoe (WongPartnership LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

