Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 107

Suit No 917 of 2016

Between

| Abhilash s/o Kunchian Krishnan  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Yeo Hock Huat  
---|---  
(2)| JCS-Vanetec Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Oppression] — [Minority Shareholders] — [Share valuation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Abhilash s/o Kunchian Krishnan

  

v

  

Yeo Hock Huat and another

[2018] SGHC 107

High Court — Suit No 917 of 2016  
Valerie Thean J  
19, 20, 23, 30, 31 October 2017, 1–3 November 2017; 14 February 2018

30 April 2018

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Mr Abhilash s/o Kunchian Krishnan (“Mr Abhilash”), is a
minority shareholder of the second defendant, a company incorporated in
Singapore called JCS-Vanetec Pte Ltd (“JCS-Vanetec”). Mr Abhilash brought this
action against JCS-Vanetec and its majority shareholder, Mr Yeo Hock Huat (“Mr
Yeo”), alleging that Mr Yeo had conducted the affairs of JCS-Vanetec in a
manner oppressive to Mr Abhilash and in disregard of his interests as a
shareholder within the meaning of s 216(1)(a) of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The principal remedy that Mr Abhilash sought was a
court order for Mr Yeo to purchase his shares in JCS-Vanetec on a fair market
valuation. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim at p 20.

2 On the first day of trial, the parties came to an agreement that Mr Yeo
would purchase Mr Abhilash’s shares, and that there was therefore no need for
a trial on Mr Yeo’s liability for oppression under s 216(1)(a) of the Act. As
expert evidence had been adduced by both sides on the value of JCS-Vanetec,
the trial needed to proceed only for the purpose of testing the expert
evidence to determine how much JCS-Vanetec was worth, and consequently to
determine the price which Mr Yeo should be ordered to pay for Mr Abilash’s
shares. The parties therefore recorded a consent order to this effect and the
hearing proceeded on the basis of the consent order.

3 On 14 February 2018, after giving the parties brief reasons, I accepted the
defendants’ case that JCS-Vanetec should be valued on a net assets basis, and
that the valuation of the defendants’ expert, Mr Thio Khiaw Ping (“Mr Thio”),
should be accepted. I therefore ordered Mr Yeo to purchase Mr Abhilash’s
76,500 shares in JCS-Vanetec, being 13.91% of the company’s total
shareholding, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Abhilash s/o Kunchian Krishnan’s AEIC at para 86.

at the price of $15,242.83. Mr Abhilash now appeals against my decision, and I
therefore set out my grounds of decision in full.

Background

4 Mr Abhilash is in the business of manufacturing machines for the aerospace
industry. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Abhilash s/o Kunchian Krishnan’s AEIC at paras 3 and 7.

He ran his business through two companies, one of which was called Vanilla
Aviation Pte Ltd (“Vanilla Aviation”). Near the end of 2003, he met Mr Yeo,
who was, at that time, running a successful business manufacturing and selling
industrial washing machines to international clients. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Yeo Hock Huat’s AEIC at p 68.

Mr Yeo operated his business through a number of companies with the “JCS”
namesake, one of which was called JCS-Echigo Pte Ltd (“JCS-Echigo”). With the
hope of expanding his business into manufacturing for the aerospace industry,
Mr Yeo formed a business partnership with Mr Abhilash for that purpose and set
up a company called JCS-Vanilla Pte Ltd. The company was later renamed JCS-
Vanetec, who is the second defendant in this action. For convenience, I shall
refer to it by its existing name.

5 At JCS-Vanetec’s inception, its 10,000 shares were held in the proportion of
50.99%, 0.01%, and 49% by Mr Yeo, Ms Elise Hong (who was an officer of JCS-
Echigo), and Mr Abhilash through Vanilla Aviation respectively. JCS-Vanetec
later issued more shares and the proportions of its shareholding also changed
as a result. At present, JCS-Vanetec has issued 550,000 shares. Mr Yeo holds
433,500 shares, which is 78.8% of JCS-Vanetec’s shareholding. One of Mr Yeo’s
companies, JCS Group Co Ltd (“JCS Group”), holds 40,000 shares, which is 7.3%.
Mr Abhilash holds 76,500 shares, which is 13.9%. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Yeo Hock Huat’s AEIC at para 64.

6 The reason Mr Abhilash’s shareholding was reduced from 49% to 13.9% was a
contested issue in the context of the question of whether Mr Yeo had acted
oppressively as a majority shareholder towards Mr Abhilash’s minority
interest. Mr Abhilash had alleged that Mr Yeo had diluted his shares as part
of his attempt to cut him out of the company, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim at para 58(a).

whereas Mr Yeo had contended that he and JCS Group had been issued shares in
return for capital they had injected into JCS-Vanetec to keep its business
afloat. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defence at para 58.

It was not necessary for me to resolve this dispute because Mr Yeo’s liability
for minority oppression was no longer in issue. Under the consent order, there
was no dispute that Mr Abhilash was entitled to 13.9% of JCS-Vanetec’s shares,
which is 76,500 shares, and that my task was to determine the value of those
shares. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Consent order in S 917/2016 dated 19 October 2017 at para 2.

Consent order and issues to be determined

7 Prior to trial, Mr Yeo made an offer to purchase Mr Abhilash’s shares at a
fair market value to be determined by the court. On the first day of trial, Mr
Abhilash decided that he would accept Mr Yeo’s offer. They agreed that this
would be effected by an order for Mr Yeo to buy Mr Abhilash’s shares at a
price determined by the court, and so the parties recorded a consent order to
this effect, as I have mentioned. Before proceeding further, it is useful at
this juncture to clarify the jurisdiction upon which I have made the buy-out
order in this case and its relationship with the parties’ consent order.

8 In the present case, the form and basis of the parties’ consent order takes
direct reference from the Court of Appeal’s decision in Hoban Stevens Maurice
Dixon v Scanlon Graeme John and others [2007] 2 SLR(R) 770 (“Hoban (CA)”).
Similar to the parties in the present case, the parties in Hoban (CA)
indicated that they did not desire for the court to determine the defendants’
liability for minority oppression. They therefore agreed, by way a consent
order, the terms of reference for an expert to determine the fair market value
of the plaintiffs’ shares, which the defendants had agreed to purchase.
Accordingly, the trial judge, V K Rajah J (as he then was), appointed an
expert valuer to value the defendant company’s shares. In the event, the
expert valuer valued the company at nil. The plaintiffs then attempted to
persuade the Rajah J to adjust that valuation in favour of the plaintiffs in
exercise of his power to make a buy-out order under s 216(2)(d) of the Act.
Rajah J declined to exercise that power, on the basis that on a proper
construction of s 216(2), that power was enlivened only upon a determination
the defendant was liable for minority oppression under s 216(1): Hoban Steven
Maurice Dixon and another v Scanlon Graeme John and others [2005] 2 SLR(R) 632
(“Hoban (HC) (No 1)”) at [12] and [17].

9 The plaintiffs appealed, and the Court of Appeal, without issuing grounds,
held that the issue of the defendants’ liability for minority oppression could
no longer be litigated, and that the expert’s valuation was final: Hoban (CA)
at [12]. The Court observed, however, that Rajah J had failed to exercise the
discretion provided specifically in the parties’ consent order to adjust the
valuation after hearing evidence on what the order had referred to as “non-
pecuniary material circumstances”: Hoban (CA) at [12]. In the circumstances,
the Court remitted the matter to Rajah J for him to consider exercising that
discretionary power. Rajah J then convened a new trial for that purpose and,
having examined the evidence, concluded that there still was no basis to vary
the nil valuation: Hoban Steven Maurice Dixon v Scanlon Graeme John [2006]
SGHC 136 (“Hoban (HC) (No 2)”) at [15].

10 From this decision, the plaintiffs brought the appeal in Hoban (CA). The
Court of Appeal in Hoban (CA) allowed the appeal and set aside the nil
valuation. This was because on a proper interpretation of the consent order,
the parties had contemplated an actual purchase of shares, and a nil valuation
had made that impossible. This in turn rendered the consent order inoperable
and the valuation liable to be set aside: Hoban (CA) at [42] and [44] per Chan
Sek Keong CJ.

11 The aspect of the Hoban decisions which is key and relevant to the present
case is that the Court of Appeal when dealing with Hoban (HC) (No 1) and again
when considering Hoban (HC) (No 2) considered it entirely appropriate for the
parties to argue and the trial judge to determine the value at which the
plaintiffs’ shares would be bought by the defendants even though no finding of
liability for minority oppression had been made. Indeed, much of the court’s
reasoning in Hoban (CA) was built on the premise that parties are entitled to
compromise a s 216 action by agreeing that one party will buy out the other
party’s shares, and by proceeding to trial on only the issue of the valuation
of those shares. Had the court not accepted the legitimacy of this approach,
it would not have held that liability for minority oppression by virtue of the
parties’ consent order could no longer be litigated, and it would not have
analysed the parties’ intentions behind the consent order in question to
determine whether the order had become inoperable by reason of the Rajah J’s
nil valuation of the shares in question: Hoban (CA) at [12] and [35].

12 This approach is permissible for unfair prejudice claims in England as
well. In re A Company (No 003324 of 1979) [1981] 1 WLR 1059 (“In re A
Company”), the plaintiff sought an order to compel the defendants to purchase
his minority shareholding on the ground that they had conducted the company’s
affairs in an oppressive way within the meaning of s 210 of the Companies Act
1948 (c 38) (UK), which is in pari materia with s 216 of our Act. In the
event, the parties settled their differences and the petition was compromised.
They then sought a determination on whether a consent order in Tomlin form
setting out a scheme for purchase of the plaintiff’s shares was appropriate
when a s 210 action was compromised. The English High Court held that it was
appropriate. The minority oppression action in England has since become the
action for unfair prejudice, but In re A Company is still cited for the
proposition that such an action may be so compromised and the compromised
terms will be given effect by the court: see Sir David Foskett (gen ed),
Foskett on Compromise (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2015) at para 23-12.

13 It follows from this analysis that the basis of my jurisdiction, to order
Mr Yeo to buy Mr Abhilash’s shares at the price I have determined, is the
parties’ consent order of 19 October 2017. It is important to note that this
type of jurisdiction is distinct from another (more commonly exercised) type
of jurisdiction to make a buy-out order, which is predicated on the fulfilment
of conditions imposed by statute. There are two instances of this latter type
of jurisdiction. First, a court has the jurisdiction to make a buy-out order
under s 216(2)(d) of the Act when liability for minority oppression has been
established: Hoban (HC) (No 1) at [12] per Rajah J. Second, a court has the
jurisdiction to make a buy-out order under s 254(2A) of the Act, as an
alternative to winding up the company, when the court is satisfied that either
the directors have acted in the affairs of the company unfairly towards other
members (s 254(2)(f)) or that it is just and equitable to wind up the company
(s 254(2)(i)): Ting Shwu Ping (administrator of the estate of Chng Koon Seng,
deceased) v Scanone Pte Ltd and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 95 (“Ting Shwu
Ping”) at [40] per Prakash JA.

14 The philosophy which undergirds the ss 216(2) and 254(2A) jurisdiction is
the idea that the buy-out order is not a “free-standing remedy”, in the sense
that the Act does not allow an aggrieved member to “exit at will”: see Ting
Shwu Ping at [46] per Prakash JA and Sim Yong Kim v Evenstar Investments Pte
Ltd [2006] 3 SLR(R) 827 at [31] per Chan Sek Keong CJ. As the buy-out order is
essentially a forced sale, and considering that in ordinary circumstances the
sale of shares is a voluntary transaction, the court will not force a sale
unless there are good reasons for doing so. In this context, those good
reasons are provided for in the Act, in particular, by the criteria specified
in ss 216(2) and 254(2A).

15 This philosophy does not apply to a consent order. By such an order, both
parties agree that one will buy the other’s shares. Hence, by the very nature
of such an arrangement, that other party will not be exiting the company “at
will”, that is, on a unilateral whim. He will be doing so on the footing of a
bilateral arrangement. There is therefore no reason why the court should not
give effect to such an arrangement in so far as it is just and equitable to do
so. Applying Hoban (CA), the court needs simply to ensure that a valuation
greater than nil is returned so that the agreed buy-out scheme will not be
rendered inoperable.

16 The mandate contained in the consent order in the present case was to
determine the fair market value of Mr Abhilash’s shares in JCS-Vanetec and, in
line with Hoban (CA), it was specified at para 6 that the valuation shall not
be nil. By para 3, the valuation was to be on a pro-rata basis without any
discount being made for a minority interest. Para 4 scoped the assessment to
include issues between the parties as to whether the purchase of equipment,
various payments to and from JCS-Vanetec, a contract with a Chinese original
equipment manufacturer (“OEM”), and a proposal from a Chinese company should
be taken into account for the purposes of the valuation. I found no reason not
to give effect to these terms, and I therefore allowed the trial to proceed on
only the issue of valuation and later heard the parties on that issue. On this
note, I turn to summarise the parties’ positions.

Parties’ positions

17 Mr Abhilash’s principal submission was that JCS-Vanetec should be valued on
an income basis, specifically, through the discounted cash flow method, by
which JCS-Vanetec’s future cash flow may be used to calculate the present
value of the company. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submission at paras 37–38.

Mr Abhilash argued that the income basis of valuation was appropriate because
JCS-Vanetec was a going concern, and also because it had a significant amount
of goodwill, which was evidenced by existing contracts, past investment
offers, and certifications which qualified JCS-Vanetec to manufacture
aerospace components for well known companies.

18 Mr Abhilash’s valuation expert, Mr Sridhar Rao (“Mr Rao”), produced two
main estimations of JCS-Vanetec’s value. The first was performed on an income
basis, and the value of JCS-Vanetec was determined to be $39,649,308. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Sridhar Rao’s AEIC at p 31.

The second was performed on an investment basis, and the value of JCS-Vanetec
was determined to be $75,699,572. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Sridhar Rao’s AEIC at p 43.

Mr Abhilash submitted that the true value of the company was in between these
two figures, and that therefore, the value of his 13.9% shareholding in the
company should correspondingly be between $4,963,697 and $9,476,829. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 649.

19 The defendants’ principal submission was that JCS-Vanetec should be valued
on a net assets basis. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 18.

The defendants rejected Mr Rao’s valuation of JCS-Vanetec on the investment
basis because that was not the basis of valuation that the parties agreed upon
according to the consent order. The defendants also rejected the income basis
of valuation because JCS-Vanetec was a historically loss making company. They
submitted that Mr Rao’s projection of JCS-Vanetec’s future cash flows was
predicated on speculation, and therefore could not be relied upon to arrive at
an accurate valuation. Properly performed, a valuation on the income basis,
according to the defendants’ expert, Mr Thio, showed that JCS-Vanetec had a
negative equity value. Accordingly, the net assets basis was the only sensible
basis for determining the company’s fair market value. That value was
$109,589, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

BAEIC Vol 5 at p 532.

and it followed that Mr Abhilash’s 13.9% shareholding should be valued at
$15,242.83.

Issues

20 Having regard to the terms of the consent order, the parties’ submissions
and the evidence before me, I considered that there were two main issues for
determination:

(a) Which of the primarily three methods of valuation suggested by the
parties’ experts was applicable: the investment basis, the income basis or the
net assets basis?

(b) Bearing in mind the proper accounting basis of valuation, what should be
the valuation adopted? In this regard, should any adjustment be made to that
valuation for various matters specified at para 4 of the consent order?

21 In summary, my view was that the net assets basis was the applicable basis
of valuation, rather than the other two bases suggested. Mr Thio’s valuation
was the only valuation conducted on that basis. As there was no basis for any
modification, Mr Thio’s valuation was accepted. I turn now to explain my
views.

Issue 1: Valuation methods

The investment basis

22 I start with the highest valuation in evidence which was made of JCS-
Vanetec. As I have mentioned, Mr Rao arrived at it on the investment basis.
Counsel for the defendants, Mr Divyanathan, disagreed with using an investment
basis because the consent order states at para 2 that it is the “fair market
value” of JCS-Vanetec which should be assessed. He argued that since my
jurisdiction is derived from the parties’ consent order, I must exercise it
according to the terms of that order, and that would rule out any assessment
of the investment value of the shares. For ease of reference, I reproduce para
2 in full:

The determination of the Honourable Court at the trial of this action shall be
confined to the fair market valuation of the 2nd Defendant as at 30.4.16
(“Valuation”) for the purposes of the sale and purchase of the Plaintiff’s
76,500 ordinary shares in the 2nd Defendant (“Subject Shares”) by the
Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant respectively. The Plaintiff shall sell and the
1st Defendant shall buy the Subject Shares at the said fair market valuation.

23 Counsel for Mr Abhilhash, Mr Liew, responded by highlighting that under s
216(2) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), the court in making a buy-
out order has an unfettered discretion to consider all facts and circumstances
to come to a valuation that is fair, just and equitable between the parties:
Koh Keng Chew and others v Liew Kit Fah and others [2017] SGHC 52 at [5] per
Chua Lee Ming J, referred to with approval in Poh Fu Tek and others v Lee
Shung Guan and others [2017] SGHC 212 (“Poh Fu Tek”) at [31] per Vinodh
Coomaraswamy J; see also the Court of Appeal’s decision in Yeo Hung Khiang v
Dickson Investments (Singapore) and others [1999] 1 SLR(R) 773 at [72] per M
Karthigesu JA.

24 Mr Liew’s submission was not persuasive. As I have mentioned earlier at
[13] above, the jurisdiction by which I conducted the valuation exercise was
derived from the parties’ consent order, and not from the jurisdiction under s
216(2) of the Act. I was therefore guided by the terms of the consent order,
which had been framed with some precision. By para 2, the consent order
identified a specific accounting standard, ie, “fair market value”, for the
valuation of JCS-Vanetec. In contrast to that standard, the investment value
is an entity-specific basis of value which shows the value of an asset to a
particular owner or prospective owner for individual investment or operational
objectives. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Exhibit P1 at IVS 104 Bases of Value at paras 60.1–60.2; Thio Khiaw Ping's
AEIC para 40.2.

Market value, the measure dictated by the consent order, refers to the most
probable price reasonably obtainable in the market on the valuation date. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Exhibit P1 at IVS 104 Bases of Value at paras 30.1 and 30.2(a); Thio Khiaw
Ping's AEIC para 40.1.

25 At the same time, however, the consent order itself envisaged that I had a
discretion to make adjustments to the experts’ valuation in arriving at my
final determination. I therefore did not take a strictly literal approach to
the consent order because that, too, would have created problems. Para 4 sets
out a specific list of matters that the court should consider in deciding
whether to adjust the valuation arrived at by the experts in order to
determine the true fair market value of JCS-Vanetec. If para 2 were read
literally, then there would be no need for the inquiry stated at para 4.4 –
“Whether the Chinese proposal [referring to a proposal to buy JCS-Vanetec’s
shares put forward by a company called Shanghai Ossen] has any effect on the
Valuation of the Subject Shares.” This is because the Chinese proposal was
evidence of investor sentiment, which is strictly speaking irrelevant to the
company’s fair market value, on a technical definition of that term. It was
therefore clear to me, on a fair reading of the order as a whole, that the
parties intended that the court value the company based on all the evidence
proffered, which included Mr Rao’s suggestion of the investment basis and Mr
Abhilash’s evidence of the offer from Shanghai Ossen. What Mr Yeo’s
submissions proposed was to use Mr Thio’s valuation as a base, and make such
adjustments as necessitated by the other components of the consent order. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 28.

26 Nevertheless, I found, that there was no factual basis for adopting the
investment approach. While Shanghai Ossen did make an initial proposal in 2015
to invest in JCS-Vanetec, the offer was subject to a due diligence check which
was never carried out, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DBOD Vol 5, p 3496 at para 2.1; Certified Transcript, 31 October 2017, p 63 at
lines 3–18.

arising from Mr Abhilash’s failure to cooperate in accepting the proposal. The
offer has evaporated, and it is entirely speculative as to whether another
company may have similar interest. There are other methods of producing vanes
and, even in respect of the particular method being used by JCS-Vanetec, there
may well be other businesses capable of using the same method. In this regard,
it was Mr Abhilash’s evidence that JCS-Vanetec’s first machine was purchased
second-hand from the Netherlands, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC para 7.

it was not designed by him or custom-built to his unique specifications.

Income basis or net asset basis for fair market valuation

27 On the premise that JCS-Vanetec’s fair market value was the basis of my
assessment, I turn then to explain the accounting method upon which I assessed
the fair market value of the shares.

28 I begin with the possible bases of determining the fair market value of a
minority shareholding. In Poh Fu Tek ([23] supra), Coomaraswamy J at [36]
cited CVC/Opportunity Equity Partners Ltd and another v Demarco Almeida [2002]
2 BCLC 108 at [37] per Lord Millett for the three main ways of doing so. In
short, a minority shareholding may be valued (a) as a rateable proportion of
the total value of the company as a going concern without any discount for the
fact that the holding in question is a minority holding; (b) as before but
with such a discount; or (c) as a rateable proportion of the net assets of the
company at their break up or liquidation value. Option (b) was ruled out by
para 3 of the consent order in the present case: the parties had agreed that
no discount would be made for Mr Abhilash’s interest being a minority
shareholding. Mr Rao proposed option (a), while Mr Thio’s view was that it
must be option (c).

29 Mr Thio accepted at the hearing that generally, the income approach is
preferred to the net assets approach for a company which is going concern,
such as JCS-Vanetec. His rationale for using the net assets basis of valuation
was that this was the most appropriate for a loss-making company. He
reiterated the point made at para 2.1.1 of his expert report that the net
assets approach is suited to loss-making businesses. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

BAEIC Vol 5, p 531 at para 2.1.1.

This was because, using an income basis of valuation, specifically in the form
of the discounted cash flow method of valuation, yielded a negative value for
JCS-Vanetec. He attempted a valuation of JCS-Vanetec using this method, and at
para 3.3.1 of his report, he explained:

… since JCS has had a negative EBITDA [ie, earnings before interest, tax,
depreciation and amortisation] except for FY2015 (due to a one-off order from
JCS Technologies Pte Ltd) and a [sic] since JCS is expected to generate a
negative EBITDA until FY2020, we do not find that it is possible to
meaningfully apply the market approach as this will result in a negative value
based on EV/EBITDA, EV/EBIT and P/E multiples. [emphasis added]

30 In coming to his conclusion, Mr Thio had projected an increase in revenues
for JCS-Vanetec. May to December 2016 revenues were projected to increase by
125.3% in FY2017 to account for potential new business and then revenues were
projected thereafter to increase steadily by 20% per annum. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Thio Khiaw Ping’s 22 March 2017 Report, AEIC at p 535.

He also projected an increase in gross margin from 22.6% in FY2017 to 39% in
FY 2021. Despite this, JCS-Vanetec was expected to become profitable only in
FY2021 after cumulative losses of $2.7m from FY2016 May to FY2020 in December.

31 Mr Abhilash argued for an income approach on two grounds: first, that JCS-
Vanetec is a going concern; and second, that JCS-Vanetec possesses intangible
assets which not only have inherent value but also have the potential to
generate future revenue. The first argument was tenuous. The common
understanding of a “going concern” is a company that is operating with a
turnover that enables the company to be self-sustaining: see, for example, Poh
Fu Tek at [37] where Coomaraswamy J discusses how an income valuation may be
based either on a company’s profits or future cash flows. In the present case,
it is not disputed that JCS-Vanetec is historically a loss-making company that
has been kept afloat by Mr Yeo’s capital injections and various bank loans.
Barring a record of sufficiently strong historical revenue upon which to
project future profits, there was no basis upon which to adopt an income basis
valuation. It was not disputed that, without more, the company must be
attributed a negative value. Accordingly, it was the second argument that was
important to the analysis: it was crucial for Mr Abhilash to establish that
JCS-Vanetec’s intangible assets could generate future revenue for the company.
On this hypothesis, JCS-Vanetec would cease to be loss-making, and the income
expected to be generated would make the income basis plausible.

32 I focused, therefore, on the intangible assets which were foundational to
Mr Rao’s valuation. These assets comprised: (a) JCS-Vanetec’s contract with a
Chinese original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) called Aviation Industry
Corporation of China (“AVIC”); (b) JCS-Vanetec’s certifications with various
other OEMs; and (c) JCS-Vanetec’s patent application for a specialised
industrial process it applies, referred to as the “cold-roll forming process”.

JCS-Vanetec’s intangible assets

33 It is appropriate, before I set out my analysis of these assets, to explain
the standard of proof to which I held Mr Abhilash. In so far as Mr Abhilash
submitted that the three intangible assets I have set out above represent
sources of future revenue for JCS-Vanetec, he need only have shown that it was
reasonable for his expert, Mr Rao, to regard them as such. That is because, as
Coomaraswamy J highlights in Poh Fu Tek at [42], there is “no provable truth
with regard to the future”, and that “where an expert makes an assumption as
to a future event, the court must consider both qualitatively whether the
expert’s assumption is reasonable in the light of the evidence and also
quantitatively the likelihood of the assumed event actually materialising”.
However, it should go without saying that insofar as Mr Abhilash relied on
present facts to make good those reasonable assumptions, those facts had to be
proved on a balance of probabilities.

(1) The AVIC contract

34 The first of the three intangible assets is a contract between JCS-Vanetec
and AVIC (“the AVIC contract”). This is a contract for JCS-Vanetec to
manufacture a product called the S3001 HPC Airfoil Assembly, which is
essentially a ring component used for the manufacture of aeroplane engines,
for AVIC. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Yeo Hock Huat’s AEIC at para 44.

For convenience, I will call these products Engine Rings. There are
essentially two aspects of the AVIC contract which were in dispute for the
purpose of determining the value which the contract is likely to bring to JCS-
Vanetec in the future:

(a) What is the nature of the deal contemplated in the AVIC contract?

(b) Does the AVIC contract represent a potential for future sales with AVIC?

35 I examine each question in turn.

(a) Nature of the deal contemplated in the AVIC contract

36 I accepted Mr Yeo’s evidence that the AVIC contract contemplates a project
in which JCS-Vanetec will design and manufacture a prototype ring to be used
in the manufacture of aeroplane engines. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Yeo Hock Huat’s AEIC at para 44.

I also accepted his evidence that such contracts are awarded to other vendors,
with the OEM having the final decision as to which vendor it will engage to
manufacture that specific component for the engine that the OEM produces.

37 I accepted Mr Yeo’s evidence because it is consistent in my view with the
objective documentary evidence before me, which include the following:

(a) First, the terms of the AVIC contract itself specify the delivery of a
fixed number of initial articles for submission as part of a “project”, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DBOD Vol 5 at pp 3333 and 3336.

instead of stipulating unit prices and expected volumes in the manner
characteristic of a manufacturing and supply contract.

(b) Second, timelines in a presentation slide by Aero Engine Corporation of
China, a government-owned corporation in the business of aerospace engineering
which is related to AVIC, shows that the initial design stage for the engine
development is scheduled to run from 2016 to 2020 and that airworthiness is
expected to be completed only in 2027. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DBOD Vol 5 at p 3431.

These slide correspond with Mr Yeo’s testimony on the timelines.

(c) Third, external media articles confirm that the AVIC engine development
project is still in the initial development stage and is not expected to
complete airworthiness certification until 2025. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DBOD Vol 5 at pp 3169, 3185, 3202 and 3204.

While these articles, without more, do not conclusively prove the truth of
their contents, they nonetheless provide support for Mr Yeo’s testimony.

38 Accordingly, I found that the AVIC contract was for the manufacture by JCS-
Vanetec of a prototype ring component which AVIC may or may not eventually
select for the manufacture of its engine. Mr Abhilash led no evidence on the
likelihood of AVIC accepting JCS-Vanetec’s product, or on the value of the
contract itself. All he could suggest was that JCS-Vanetec is “on the brink”
of being AVIC’s “supplier” for the Engine Rings 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 481.

– not even that it has become AVIC’s supplier – and in any case, there was no
evidence to show that JCS-Vanetec is in fact close to securing such a deal.
Therefore, there was no means by which I could measure the value of any future
business with AVIC.

(b) Potential for future sales with Chinese OEMs

39 As the AVIC contract was for a prototype ring only, it did not indicate
that there would be a stream of future revenue for JCS-Vanetec through
business with AVIC, let alone with other Chinese OEMs.

40 Further, Mr Abhilash produced no documentary evidence to persuade me that
sales of Engine Rings to Chinese OEMs are to be reasonably expected any time
before 2025 or 2027. This is only to be expected, given that the AVIC project,
as the evidence shows, is still in its developmental stage. Mr Abhilash also
produced no documentary evidence on the sale price of the Engine Rings, as the
defendants correctly observed. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 48.

While his valuation expert, Mr Rao, assumed that Engine Rings may be sold to
AVIC at a constant price of $50,170, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Sridhar Rao’s AEIC at p 25.

there was simply no objective evidence for such a price. Mr Rao admitted in
cross-examination that this was his own estimate; 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Certified Transcript, 3 November 2017, p 71 at lines 15 to p 75 at line 19.

and clearly, I could not give any weight to this estimate because Mr Rao was
here as an expert in the valuation of companies, not as an expert in the sale
and manufacture of aircraft components.

41 In my judgment, Mr Abhilash had no reasonable basis to show that the AVIC
contract reasonably represented a source of future revenue for JCS-Vanetec
such that the income basis would be more appropriate for valuing the company.

42 In this regard, Mr Abhilash argued that any such uncertainty should not
mean that the AVIC contract should be entirely excluded from an expert’s
projection of JCS-Vanetec’s future earnings but instead needs only to be taken
into account, under the income basis, by increasing the applicable discount
rate on a discounted cash flow analysis. Mr Abhilash stated that this was how
the court in Poh Fu Tek accounted for the fact that there might be no future
sales relationship between the company being valued in that case and a client
of that company called Roxol. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at paras 108–114.

43 In my view, Mr Abhilash’s reliance on that aspect of Poh Fu Tek was
misplaced. In that case, there was clear evidence that the company being
valued had past sales with Roxol, which the court held to be a sufficient
basis for the expert to project future similar sales despite the uncertainty
of such sales actually materialising: Poh Fu Tek at [89]. In contrast, in this
case, it is not disputed that JCS-Vanetec has never sold any goods to AVIC
prior to the AVIC contract. There is no evidence that these two companies have
a prior business relationship.

(2) JCS-Vanetec’s certifications

44 Next, Mr Abhilash suggested that JCS-Vanetec’s future sources of revenue
may also be estimated by its business relationships with other OEMs, who have
certified it to be their supplier. In this regard, Mr Abhilash relied on (a) a
certificate of approval issued by Rolls Royce; (b) a certificate of
registration issued by the United Registrar of Systems for fabricating
components for aircraft engines; and (c) a certification to be a vane supplier
to General Electric. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 67–69.

45 I did not doubt that these certificates indicate that at the point of
certification, the relevant OEM or certifier considered that JCS-Vanetec met
the criteria which qualified it to manufacture aircraft components for the
industry. But Mr Abhilash produced no evidence that these certifications have
enabled or will enable JCS-Vanetec to sell any product to anyone. In so far as
no sale has yet to be concluded, Mr Abhilash also produced no evidence on the
likelihood of future sales on the footing of these certificates and of the
present and future standing of JCS-Vanetec. If anything, the evidence
indicated that no such sales were forthcoming. As Mr Yeo testified, in the
case of Rolls Royce, JCS-Vanetec obtained vendor approval on 26 January 2010
but, after 7 years of obtaining such approval, JCS-Vanetec has still received
no purchase orders from Rolls Royce. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Certified Transcript, 31 October 2017, p 130 at lines 12–19.

Mr Abhilash produced no evidence to contradict this – not even a single
purchase order or invoice.

46 Accordingly, I found that the certificates Mr Abhilash relied upon are an
insufficient basis to make any reasonable assumption about JCS-Vanetec’s
future sales.

(3) Patent application for cold-roll forming process

47 Next, Mr Abhilash in his evidence made much of JCS-Vanetec’s possession of
an ostensibly valuable technology called the “cold-roll forming process”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 165.

This is an industrial process that allows JCS-Vanetec to produce vanes used in
aircraft turbines at low cost and high efficiency. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Certified Transcript, 31 October 2017, p 114 at lines 19–22.

He also said that JCS-Vanetec had submitted an application for the process to
be patented, and that the application was now pending approval. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 166; BAEIC Vol 1 at pp 378–384.

48 Again, while I did not doubt that this technology may well be put to good
use, Mr Abhilash produced no evidence to help me estimate its worth in
enabling JCS-Vanetec to generate future sales. Moreover, Mr Abhilash did not
deny that no patent has been obtained for this technology; and the defendants
point out that no patent has been obtained even though the patent application
was made four years ago in 2013. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 67.

Moreover, JCS-Vanetec is not the only company in the world that has the cold-
roll forming technology. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Certified Transcript, 20 October 2017, p 11 at line 23 to p 11 at line 6.

It is contained in a machine that on Mr Abhilash’s evidence was purchased
second-hand from the Netherlands. It was therefore also not clear that the
technology sought to be patented was novel. Without expert evidence on how an
in-progress patent application should be valued, I had no basis upon which to
draw any conclusion on the value that the cold-roll forming process
contributed to JCS-Vanetec without reference to the sales it may generate.

Conclusion on basis for valuation

49 Accordingly, none of the intangible assets that Mr Abhilash referred to –
the AVIC contract, the certifications and the cold-roll forming process –
could reasonably be said to be sources of future revenue for JCS-Vanetec, in
large part because he did not produce a single piece of evidence that would
assist me in the determination of the existence, likelihood and size of such
revenue.

50 In this context, I observe that, as I alluded to at [29], Mr Thio in his
expert report performed an assessment of JCS-Vanetec’s value not only on a net
assets basis but also on an income basis. Mr Thio’s income basis assessment
does not (for good reason, as I have found) take into account future revenue
from sales to AVIC, unlike Mr Rao’s valuation. Importantly, on Mr Thio’s
assessment, JCS-Vanetec would remain loss-making until the financial year
ending 31 December 2018, with a small profit in 2019 and 2020. The valuation
of JCS-Vanetec, on the income approach, thus adjusted, still remained at zero.
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Thio Khiaw Ping’s AEIC, para 62.

Accordingly, it was in my judgment correct for the defendants to say that Mr
Rao’s income projections were “tainted by his completely wrong basis of
projecting sales” to AVIC, and that since these projections form a “core part”
of Mr Rao’s valuation, his valuation should be rejected. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 52–53.

Mr Rao’s valuation was premised on factual assumptions which are not supported
by the evidence and it would not be apposite to accept his valuation.

51 I was therefore left with a company with an undisputed loss-making record.
There was therefore no good accounting reason to apply the income approach. A
further reason not to apply that approach was that I accepted the evidence of
Mr Thio that such an approach would yield a nil valuation and the parties had
agreed at para 6 of the consent order that the value of the company would not
be set at nil. Accordingly, Mr Thio’s conclusion, that the applicable method
in such a situation is the net assets basis of valuation, was therefore
sensible and principled, and I accepted this basis of valuation.

Issue 2: Valuation to be used

52 Mr Thio’s net assets value (“NAV”) valuation was the only available NAV
valuation of the company in evidence, and was therefore my starting point.
Critically, Mr Rao did not offer a counter-valuation on the NAV basis, and so
Mr Abhilash had no viable basis upon which to impugn Mr Thio’s valuation. I
also found no basis for adjusting the valuation that Mr Thio had reached. I
shall now elaborate.

Should Mr Thio’s valuation be adjusted?

53 Mr Rao did not prepare a counter-valuation of JCS-Vanetec on the net assets
basis. His principal criticism against Mr Thio’s valuation was that it failed
to take into account the value of JCS-Vanetec’s intangible assets. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 156.

As I had concluded that those assets did not provide good reason for adopting
the income basis of valuation, the issue was how that criticism should affect
the NAV analysis. On this question, Mr Rao had no view. During the trial, I
asked Mr Rao what his valuation of the company would be on the net assets
basis if I were to find the income basis unsuitable. He was unable to give an
answer, responding: “I wouldn’t know right off the cuff”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Certified Transcript, 2 November 2017, p 148 at line 5.

Indeed, he was unable even to comment on how in concrete terms he would differ
from Mr Thio’s NAV valuation of JCS-Vanetec. When I asked him whether he had
taken a look at Mr Thio’s report and whether he had a view on it, he said, “I
would think you should ask Mr Thio, since he is here”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Certified Transcript, 2 November 2017, p 146 at lines 7–8.

The result is that Mr Abhilash had no expert evidence with which to critique
the specific assumptions and calculations that went into Mr Thio’s valuation.

54 I also observed that Mr Abhilash’s submission here was premised on the idea
that JCS-Vanetec’s intangible assets each have an inherent value that is
independent of the asset’s income-generating potential, and that this value is
what Mr Thio failed to take into account in his NAV valuation. Mr Abhilash
further submitted that Mr Thio, by his omission to include goodwill in his
valuation, failed to make a proper NAV valuation. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 41.

This submission was not correct. Mr Thio expressly stated that he did consider
the value of JCS-Vanetec’s intangible assets 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Certified Transcript, 2 November 2017, p 115 at lines 19–20.

, including the AVIC contract. However, Mr Thio’s evidence was that such
assets are “as valuable as the sales that they can generate”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Certified Transcript, 2 November 2017, p 117 at lines 20–22.

This is a logical view to take. Given that the AVIC contract consisted only of
“one order”, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Certified Transcript, 2 November 2017, p 120 at line 6.

and that it was a prototype contract (as I have found), its value to the
company was accordingly limited. I accepted this approach, especially having
considered that despite Mr Abhilash’s assertion that these assets have
inherent value, he produced no evidence to assist me in determining that
value.

55 Two more submissions made by Mr Abhilash remain to be dealt with. The first
was that JCS-Vanetec cannot be worth only $109,589 because a Chinese company
called Shanghai Ossen expressed interest in 2015 to purchase all of JCS-
Vanetec’s shares for $50m. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 86 and 91; Certified Transcript, 31
October 2017, p 59 at lines 16–18.

In the event, the investment did not proceed, but the suggestion was that the
mere fact of this investment shows that JCS-Vanetec must be worth more than Mr
Thio’s valuation. Mr Abhilash said that Shanghai Ossen “would not have thrown
up the figure of S$50 million … if they did not reasonably carry out
background checks and were reasonably satisfied that it was justified”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 309.

56 As I have mentioned at [26] above, I rejected the related submission that
there was a factual basis for valuing JCS-Vanetec on an investment basis. I
also rejected any idea that Mr Thio’s valuation should be adjusted in any way
because of this offer, for three reasons. First, the contention that Shanghai
Ossen would not have suggested the figure unless they had done their checks is
speculation: no evidence on this was led by Mr Abhilash. Second, the offer was
subject to a due diligence check which was never carried out. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DBOD Vol 5, p 3496 at para 2.1; Certified Transcript, 31 October 2017, p 63 at
lines 3–18.

Third, the price offer of $50m is an offer which a specific entity proposed at
a particular time. No evidence was led on their particular reasons for so
doing, and there is also no evidence that any other entities value JCS-Vanetec
in the same way.

57 Mr Abhilash’s other submission was based on the undisputed fact that Mr Yeo
in November 2015 arranged for 40,000 new shares in JCS-Vanetec, valued at
$37.50 each (and thus having a total value of $1.5m) to be allotted to one of
his other companies, JCS-Group Pte Ltd. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 288; DBOD Vol 1 at p 104.

Accordingly, it was said that JCS-Vanetec’s total shares cannot be worth only
$109,589.

58 I rejected this submission for two reasons. First, as the defendants
correctly submit, Mr Rao did not challenge Mr Thio’s view that the share price
for a share allotment does not necessarily reflect the value of every share in
the company, especially where the company is a private company. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 12.

Second, Mr Yeo provided a positive explanation for the price of $37.50, and it
is an explanation that I found sensible. His evidence was that the $1.5m
transaction was an injection of capital into JCS-Vanetec, which was then in
need of funds. Consideration for that transaction of $1.5m was provided in the
form of JCS-Vanetec’s shares, and the number of shares issued was calibrated
to ensure that the value of Mr Abhilash’s shareholding after the capital
injection would neither be inflated nor diluted excessively. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Yeo Hock Huat’s AEIC at paras 53–66; Certified Transcript, 1 November 2017, p
48 at line 18 to p 49 line 13.

I accepted this evidence. I should make clear that, in coming to this finding,
I did not (and it was unnecessary for me to) draw any conclusion about whether
Mr Yeo had or had not acted oppressively towards Mr Abhilash’s minority
interest: see [6] above.

59 For the reasons above, I accepted Mr Thio’s NAV valuation of JCS-Vanetec as
the proper valuation to be adopted.

Should any adjustment be made for transactions challenged by Mr Abhilash?

60 It remained for me to deal with a number of transactions concerning JCS-
Vanetec. Mr Abhilash impugned the propriety of those transactions, and he also
said that they should be taken into account in any valuation of JCS-Vanetec.
For this purpose, para 4.2 of the consent order lists ten transactions. Mr
Abhilash in his submissions focused on three of these transactions and
accepted that “for the other smaller items, the experts are on common ground
that they have no material impact on the overall accounts”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 601.

The three transactions are as follows:

(a) the payment of $53,500 by JCS-Vanetech to Grant Thornton Advisory
Services;

(b) the payment of $535,000 by JCS-Vanetec to JCS Greentech Pte Ltd (“JCS
Greentech”), another one of Mr Yeo’s companies, for a washing machine; and

(c) the payment of $780,000 to JCS-Vanetec to JCS Group.

61 During their concurrent evidence, Mr Rao and Mr Thio agreed that
transaction (a) had no material effect on the valuation of JCS-Vanetec. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Certified Transcript, 2 November 2017, p 105 at line 17 to p 108 at line 1.

There was therefore no need for me to consider it further.

62 Regarding transaction (b), it was not disputed that a quotation for
$535,000 to be paid to JCS Greentech was issued in July 2014, and that the
quotation was issued before JCS Greentech was actually incorporated, in 2015.
Mr Abhilash claimed that the quotation must therefore have been a fabrication.
However, the defendants had an explanation for this, and it is one that I
accepted. First, it was not disputed that the defendants did obtain for JCS-
Vanetec an industrial washing machine from JCS Greentech for that price.
Second, JCS-Vanetec paid for the machine only after JCS Greentech was
incorporated, and this is evidenced by an invoice for that transaction –
relating to the same order for which the earlier quotation was issued – dated
April 2016. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

BAEIC Volume 4 at p 790; DBOD Vol 4 at p 2703.

Mr Thio accepted on the basis of that invoice that this was a sensible
explanation 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Certified Transcript, 2 November 2017, p 51 at lines 9–16.

and this explanation was not challenged. Most importantly, Mr Thio explained
candidly that the issuance of that quotation was an irregularity attributable
to the fact that the defendants’ “internal controls are not that strong” and
that there were “quite a few errors here”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Certified Transcript, 2 November 2017, p 50 at lines 1–2.

Mr Thio testified nevertheless that he had reviewed these errors and found
that no loss had been caused to the company. It accordingly should have no
effect on JCS-Vanetec’s valuation.

63 Finally, transaction (c) is related to the capital injection of $1.5m that
I have mentioned at [57] above. It was not disputed that after JCS Group
transferred $1.5m to JCS-Vanetec on 20 November 2015, a Friday, Mr Yeo just
three days later on 23 November 2015 withdrew $780,000 to the benefit of JCS
Group. Mr Abhilash’s contention, based purely on the short duration within
which that substantial sum was withdrawn, was that Mr Yeo was “simply
manipulating the accounts and the shareholding of [JCS-Vanetec] to his benefit
instead of allowing [JCS-Vanetec] to be able to rely on the funds to continue
or even to increase its production capacity”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 643.

64 I rejected this submission for two reasons. First, Mr Thio’s evidence,
which was not challenged, was that even if the $780,000 was paid out
improperly, that would not affect the NAV valuation of JCS-Vanetec. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Certified Transcript, 2 November 2017, p 98 at lines 8–16.

That was sufficient to dispose of the issue. Second, and in any event, I found
that Mr Abhilash had failed to show on a balance of probabilities that the
transaction was in some way improper. As the defendants observe, the loan
agreement underlying the capital injection of $1.5m – which was signed by Mr
Abhilash himself 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Yeo Hock Huat’s AEIC at p 575.

– provides that the JCS-Vanetec is liable to repay the loan on demand. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defendants’ Closing Submission at para 78.2; Yeo Hock Huat’s AEIC at p 575.

Mr Abhilash’s forensic accounting expert, Mr Low See Lien, accepted that if
the payment of $780,000 was a repayment of a loan “vis-à-vis the terms and
contracts of a loan”, then there is no impropriety in the repayment. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Certified Transcript, 1 November 2017, p 81 at line 10 to p 83 to line 20.

Against this factual context, Mr Abhilash failed to persuade me that there was
on a balance of probabilities anything improper about the repayment.

Conclusion

65 For the reasons above, I entered judgment for Mr Yeo to buy Mr Abhilash’s
shares in the JCS-Vanetec at $15,243.83 within 21 days of the date of my
judgment. This timeframe was envisaged by para 7 of the consent order.

66 On the issue of costs, I note that in Hoban (No 1) (HC) at [20], Rajah J
ordered each side to bear its own costs. In principle, this must be the usual
order in cases where parties have settled on the issue of liability for
minority oppression. In this case, however, there was an offer to settle dated
16 May 2017 which remained open up to the time I gave my decision. After
hearing parties, I ordered Mr Abhilash to pay the costs of the trial. Upon Mr
Liew’s concession that Mr Divyanathan’s requested sum of $99,000 (excluding
disbursements) was reasonable, costs were fixed at that sum, with liberty to
apply if disbursements could not be agreed. I also ordered Mr Abhilash to pay
the costs of his application for an interlocutory injunction, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Summons No 4145 of 2016.

first obtained ex parte in August 2016 and later discharged in October 2016
after I considered parties’ affidavits and arguments. I fixed those costs at
$12,000 including disbursements. Finally, I ordered him to pay the costs of
his application to change the order of witnesses at trial: while the
application was not eventually pursued, it was, on point of principle, not
correctly filed and wasted costs had arisen out of preparation and
submissions. I fixed those costs at $3,000 including disbursements.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Liew Teck Huat, Christopher Yee, Kanapathi Pillai Nirumalan, Anand George and
Sean Lee (Niru & Co LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Suresh Divyanathan, Koh Hui Lynn Kristine and Chow Chao Ping, Clarissa (Oon &
Bazul LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

