Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 210

Company Winding Up No 17 of 2017 (Summons No 1959 of 2018)

Between

Solvadis Commodity Chemicals Gmbh  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Affert Resources Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [Illegality and Public Policy] — [Maintenance and champerty]

[Insolvency Law] — [Winding Up] — [Liquidator] — [Liquidator’s statutory power
of sale]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Solvadis Commodity Chemicals Gmbh

  

v

  

Affert Resources Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHC 210

High Court — Companies Winding Up No 17 of 2017 (Summons No 1959 of 2018)  
Audrey Lim JC  
8 May, 2 July, 29 August 2018

28 September 2018

Audrey Lim JC:

Introduction

1 This case concerns a litigation funding arrangement. Specifically, it
concerns an arrangement whereby a liquidator assigns the causes of action of a
company undergoing liquidation to a third party litigation funder. Similar
arrangements have been approved by our courts (see Re Vanguard Energy Pte Ltd
[2015] 4 SLR 597 (“Re Vanguard”) in relation to the assignment of the fruits
of a cause of action), and their advantages are immediately apparent from the
perspective of liquidators, who would otherwise have to forego claims that a
company might have because of a lack of funds (Re Movitor Pty Ltd (rec and mgr
apptd) (in liq) v Sims (1996) 19 ACSR 440 (“Re Movitor”) at 444). But such
arrangements also raise a host of concerns that strikes fundamentally at the
liquidator’s duties to the court and to creditors.

2 How then should the court strike a balance between enabling liquidators to
fully realise a company’s assets and preventing undue trafficking in
litigation? Under what circumstances should the court approve such
arrangements under the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”)? These
are the principal questions arising in this application under ss 273(3) and
272(2)(c) of the Act, which was brought by Affert Resources Pte Ltd (“the
Company”) via its liquidators (“the Liquidators”).

Background facts

3 The Company was placed under compulsory liquidation on 18 September 2017,
pursuant to an application by one of its creditors, Solvadis Commodity
Chemicals Gmbh (“Solvadis”). The Liquidators seek the court’s approval under s
273(3) of the Act to sell and assign certain properties and things in action
of the Company to one Recovery Vehicle 1 Pte Ltd (“RV1”) under s 272(2)(c) of
the Act, pursuant to a draft Assignment Agreement between the Company and RV1
filed on 13 July 2018 (“the Agreement”).

Terms of the Agreement

4 I begin by setting out the terms of the Agreement, under which the Company
will assign two categories of rights (“Assigned Property”) to RV1:

(a) The first is the Company’s right of recovery of receivables that are due
to it from a list of specified third parties (“Assigned Receivables”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Draft Agreement in Annex C of Liquidators’ Letter (13 July 2018) at p 20.

(b) The second captures all of the Company’s causes of action against any
person who has, inter alia, conspired with, assisted in or participated with
the specified third parties relating to the Assigned Receivables and/or its
non-collection (“Assigned Causes of Action”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Draft Agreement in Annex C of Liquidators’ Letter (13 July 2018) at pp 21–22.

At this juncture, it is noteworthy that this second category initially gave me
some pause for concern because an earlier version of the Agreement included
all of the Company’s causes of action, instead of being limited to those in
connection with the Assigned Receivables. This is a point that I will return
to later.

5 In return for the Assigned Property (comprising the Assigned Receivables and
Assigned Causes of Action), RV1 will pay to the Company an initial price of
S$50,000. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Draft Agreement in Annex C of Liquidators’ Letter (13 July 2018) at p 6.

RV1 will thereafter pay the Company 40% of the first US$10m that it recovers,
and 50% of any further sums recovered (less costs and expenses incurred for
the recovery process). Such payment will take place within 30 days of RV1
receiving those sums (or part of the sums). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Draft Agreement in Annex C of Liquidators’ Letter (13 July 2018) at pp 6–7.

6 For present purposes, the other salient terms of the Agreement are as
follows:

(a) The Agreement cannot be further assigned to another person. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Draft Agreement in Annex C of Liquidators’ Letter (13 July 2018) at p 15.

(b) If no enforcement or recovery action has commenced, or if no settlement
agreement has been reached pertaining to the Assigned Receivables within six
months from the date that the Agreement is approved by the court, the Company
can purchase the Assigned Receivables from RV1 for S$1. The same applies to
the Assigned Causes of Action, save that the timeline is one year instead of
six months. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Draft Agreement in Annex C of Liquidators’ Letter (13 July 2018) at pp 7–8.

(c) In its recovery process, RV1 cannot commence proceedings in the Company’s
name or join the Company as party to any proceedings. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Draft Agreement in Annex C of Liquidators’ Letter (13 July 2018) at pp 10–11.

(d) RV1 must provide the Company with reports on the progress of its recovery
actions including a breakdown of the costs incurred by RV1. Such reports are
to be made on a quarterly basis and at any other time as the Liquidators may
require. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Draft Agreement in Annex C of Liquidators’ Letter (13 July 2018) at pp 11–12;
Minute Sheet of 29 August 2018.

Facts leading up to the Agreement

7 I now set out the facts leading to the execution of the Agreement.

8 In November 2017, the Liquidators were introduced to Oxford Investments
Limited Partnership (“Oxford”) by Solvadis. Oxford proposed having the
Assigned Property assigned to it (or to a special-purpose vehicle designated
by Oxford) for it to take control of the recovery of the Assigned Property in
return for a portion of any sums that it successfully recovers. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Abuthahir s/o Abdul Gafoor’s 2nd Affidavit dated 26 April 2018 (Abuthahir’s
2nd Affidavit) at paras 6–8 and pp 65–68.

9 On 24 November 2017, at the Company’s first creditors’ meeting, the
Liquidators informed the creditors that any potential recovery action against
the Company’s debtors would be costly and that its current funds were
insufficient to fund any potential action. The Liquidators also invited the
creditors to provide funding for the Company’s recovery actions and informed
them about the possibility of third party litigation funding and Oxford’s
proposal. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Abuthahir’s 2nd Affidavit para 9.

Several of the Companies’ creditors rejected the proposal without providing
any suggestions as to how the Company could otherwise procure funding. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Abuthahir’s 2nd Affidavit at paras 11–12.

One of the Company’s creditors, Jakhau Salt Company Pte Ltd (“Jakhau”)
eventually approached the Liquidators and informed them that it had identified
a few alternative third party financiers. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Abuthahir’s 2nd Affidavit at paras 21 and 24.

10 In March 2018, Oxford incorporated RV1, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Abuthahir’s 2nd Affidavit at para 25.

and the Company and RV1 executed the Agreement on 3 April 2018. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Abuthahir’s 2nd Affidavit at para 31(a).

Shortly thereafter, the Liquidators were contacted by two companies, Burford
Capital and Harbour Litigation Funding. These companies were in the business
of providing third party litigation funding, and they were desirous of finding
out more about the Company. But the Liquidators informed them that the
Agreement had been executed, and the companies declined to pursue the matter
further. As things turned out, it was Jakhau that had referred these companies
to the Liquidators. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Abuthahir’s 2nd Affidavit at para 31(b)-–(c).

11 Subsequent to the execution of the Agreement, the Company took out this
application (Summons 1959 of 2018) on 26 April 2018. Of the Company’s ten
creditors, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Liquidators’ written submissions (“WS”) at para 13.

only Solvadis expressed clear support of the application while three other
creditors have not raised any objections. The remaining six creditors
(including Jakhau) expressed objections to the Agreement, but only Jakhau
attended the summons hearing before me to oppose the Company’s application to
approve the Agreement.

Parties’ cases

Liquidators’ case

12 In seeking the court’s approval, the Liquidators acknowledged that their
power to sell or assign a company’s property is subject to the court’s control
by virtue of s 272(2)(c) read with s 272(3) of the Act. To that end, the
Liquidators submitted that the applicable test is whether they have acted in
good faith in agreeing to sell the Company’s properties or choses in action.
They also referred to the Australian case of Van Der Velde (Liquidators), in
the matter of Launcells Feedlot Systems Pty Ltd (in liq)) [2014] FCA 1309 (“Re
Van Der Velde”) 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Liquidators’ WS at para 16.

which sets out the factors to consider in assessing the bona fides of such
agreements. These factors broadly include the circumstances under which the
agreement was reached, the extent to which the liquidators have taken into
account the creditors’ concerns and interests, and the degree of control over
the company’s litigation that the liquidators are relinquishing.

13 In this connection, the Liquidators argued that the Agreement had been
reached in good faith, and that the factors in Re Van Der Velde are either
satisfied in their favour or neutral at worst. They pointed out that the
negotiations in reaching the Agreement took place at arms’ length, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Liquidators’ WS at para 24; Abuthahir’s 2nd Affidavit at paras 15, 17 and 19.

and that other third party funders put forth by Jakhau have been unable to
provide any concrete proposals. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Liquidators’ WS at para 33.

They also highlighted that the Agreement represented an improvement over the
status quo without the Agreement, which is that the Company would otherwise
recover nothing due to its insufficient resources to commence recovery
actions. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Liquidators’ WS at para 38; Abuthahir’s 2nd Affidavit at para 38.

14 The Liquidators submitted that the court should look at the amount of costs
likely to be incurred in the conduct of the action and the extent to which the
funder is to contribute to the Company’s and opponent’s costs incurred in the
recovery process, including the scenario where the action is unsuccessful. The
Liquidators further submitted that because the Agreement amounts to an
outright sale to RV1 of the Company’s Assigned Property, RV1 will bear the
costs of any recovery action. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Liquidators’ WS at para 22.

There will also be no prejudice to the creditors because anything recovered by
RV1 will be distributed to the creditors “based on the percentages they hold”
as creditors. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Liquidators’ WS at para 44(b).

15 With respect to the amount of control that they will maintain over the
Company’s litigation, the Liquidators argued that they are entitled to
relinquish control as a corollary of assigning the Company’s causes of action
because s 272(2)(c) of the Act allows them to do so. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Liquidators’ WS at para 49(c).

In any event, the Agreement enjoins RV1 to provide the Liquidators with
quarterly updates and at any other time as the Liquidators may require. It
also provides a limited period for RV1 to commence recovery efforts, failing
which the Liquidators may buy back any Assigned Property for $1, for which no
such recovery has been commenced. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Liquidators’ WS at para 50; Abuthahir’s 2nd Affidavit at para 39.

Jakhau’s case

16 Jakhau objected to the application. It submitted that the Agreement should
not be approved because it contravenes the policy against maintenance and
champerty, and pointed out that RV1 (a special purpose vehicle with no
discernible assets to pursue the Company’s causes of actions) 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Jakhau’s WS at para 61.

will itself be maintained by Oxford. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Jakhau’s WS at paras 17–18.

It also highlighted that the Agreement allows RV1 to assign the Assigned
Property to third parties that may have no legitimate interest in the
Company’s litigation against its debtors, and thus enable RV1 to engage in
“trafficking in litigation”, which is contrary to public policy. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Jakhau’s WS, paras 21–29.

However, this latter point turned out to be irrelevant as the final version of
the Agreement was amended (with the Liquidators’ and RV1’s consent) to prevent
further assignment of the Assigned Property by RV1 to third parties. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Minute sheet dated 2 July 2018.

17 Additionally, Jakhau contended that it is impermissible for the Liquidators
to completely relinquish control over the Company’s litigation to RV1 because
s 272(3) of the Act states that a liquidator’s exercise of its powers under s
272 is subject to the court’s control, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Jakhau’s WS at paras 30–39.

and averred to serious concerns over RV1’s means to pursue the Company’s
claims. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Jakhau’s WS at paras 52–63.

It also claimed that the Liquidators’ conduct had thus far been suspect,
alleging that they had been concealing information from the creditors or other
potential third party funders. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Jakhau’s WS at paras 82–87.

It pointed out that while the Agreement does not prevent the Liquidators from
providing updates on RV1’s recovery efforts, it does not oblige the
Liquidators to do so. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Jakhau’s WS at paras 43–46 and 50.

18 Further, Jakhau submitted that the Agreement prejudices the Company’s
creditors and will expose the Company to adverse costs orders and
counterclaims. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Jakhau’s WS at paras 64–71.

It also claimed that Solvadis (whose claims against the Company are being
funded by Oxford) will benefit from the Agreement as it is likely that in
return for RV1 getting 50% to 60% of any recovery effort under the Agreement,
Solvadis will only pay a smaller percentage of its own recoveries from the
Company to Oxford. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Jakhau’s WS at paras 72–76.

Jakhau submitted that RV1 stands to make a grossly excessive profit on the
Agreement. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Jakhau’s WS at paras 78–81.

The total alleged value of the Company’s receivables is about US$31.3m, and
RV1 stands to gain about US$16.5m if full recovery were accomplished. However,
if RV1’s recovery efforts were unsuccessful, the Company would not gain
anything from the Agreement.

Issues for consideration

19 The principal question is whether this court ought to approve the
Agreement. This in turn entails the consideration of the following issues:

(a) Does s 272(2)(c) of the Act permit a sale of a company’s right to the
recovery of receivables due from its debtors as well as the company’s causes
of action?

(b) Does the doctrine of maintenance and champerty apply to a liquidator’s
exercise of its power under s 272(2)(c)?

(c) What is the appropriate test to be applied and what are the matters to be
considered by the court in approving a liquidator’s exercise of its power
under s 272(2)(c)?

20 The first two issues can be regarded as threshold issues, while the third
concerns the substantive question of the factors that this court should
consider in determining whether to approve the Agreement. I will therefore
address the threshold issues before examining the third.

Threshold issues

Ambit of s 272(2)(c) of the Act

21 I begin with the ambit of s 272(2)(c) of the Act, which permits a
liquidator of a company to “sell the immovable and moveable property and
things in action of the company by public auction, public tender or private
contract with power to transfer the whole thereof to any person or company or
to sell the same in parcels”.

22 In Re Vanguard, Chua Lee Ming JC (as he then was) held that the meaning of
“property” under s 272(2)(c) of the Act is the same as that defined under the
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (at [23]). He then held that s 272(2)(c)
captures the sale of the proceeds from a company’s causes of action, and
observed that the provision also includes the sale of a company’s causes of
action (at [12(a)] and [24]).

23 I agree with and adopt Chua JC’s observations. I note that Re Vanguard
involved the sale of the fruits of a cause of action belonging to the company.
In contrast, the present application pertains to the sale of the Company’s
present and future causes of action alongside the Company’s right of recovery
against third parties of receivables that are due to the Company (ie, the
Assigned Property). Chua JC’s observations are amply supported in the
authorities demonstrating that a liquidator is statutorily empowered to assign
a company’s causes of actions because they form part of its property (Cant, In
the matter of Novaline Pty Ltd (in liq) [2011] FCA 898 (“Re Novaline”) at [17]
and [21]; Edward Bailey & Hugo Groves, Corporate Insolvency: Law and Practice
(LexisNexis, 4th ed, 2014) (“Corporate Insolvency”) at paras 22.57 and 22.60).

24 That being said, where a liquidator exercises his power under s 272(2)(c)
of the Act to sell the company’s property, the subject-matter to be sold must
be sufficiently identifiable (Re Novaline at [10]–[13]). If the subject-matter
sought to be sold is insufficiently identified, the court cannot reasonably
exercise its supervisory jurisdiction under s 272(3) of the Act over the
liquidator’s exercise of its statutory power of sale. As Re Novaline makes
clear, where causes of action are being sold, the liquidator must identify
them with reference to eg, extant proceedings, the parties being claimed
against, or the offending conduct (at [11]–[12]):

11 Applications for Court approval of assignments of causes of action are
often made after proceedings have been issued. Proceedings are confined by
pleadings which specify the causes of actions relied upon in the litigation.
In those cases, the causes of action are defined by reference to extant
proceedings…

12 In the present case, the deed of assignment defines the claims in several
ways. Some claims are defined by reference to causes of action, such as breach
of statutory duty. Some claims are defined by reference to the conduct of
potential parties, such as banking money of the Company into a personal
account. And some claims are defined as arising from matters address in the
public examination of Mr and Mrs Adams…

25 As alluded to above at [4(b)], I raised a concern at the first hearing of
this application in relation to the Assigned Causes of Action. Under the first
draft of the Agreement, the Liquidators sought to dispose of “[a]ny and all
causes of action”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Draft Agreement in Annex C of Liquidators’ Letter (13 July 2018) at p 21.

This is very wide, and the ambit of what was to be sold was not sufficiently
identifiable. The Liquidators subsequently returned with a revised draft of
the Assigned Causes of Action, whereby it sought to assign all causes of
action pertaining to the receivables owed to the Company with reference to a
defined list of third parties named under the list of Assigned Receivables. In
my view, the revised Assigned Causes of Action is clear enough to identify the
subject-matter of the assignment, and therefore satisfies the threshold of
being sufficiently identifiable. For completeness, the (revised) clause
setting out the Assigned Causes of Action provides as follows: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Draft Agreement in Annex C of Liquidators’ Letter (13 July 2018) at p 22.

With respect to the receivables / advances owed to the Assignor by Senfer
Investments Limited (Jersey), Senfer Investments Limited (Cyprus), Total
Alliance Investments Limited and Industries Chimiques du Senegal to the
Company [as named under the list of Assigned Receivables], any and all causes
of action (including but not limited to conspiracy, fraud, knowing receipt,
dishonest assistance, breach of fiduciary duties, restitution, trusts) against
any and all parties (including but not limited to the relevant entities /
related parties of the Archean Group and/or the relevant members of the
Pendurthi family, as well as the directors of the Assignor) who or which have
conspired, procured, orchestrated, directed, participated and/or assisted in
the transactions (or lack thereof) resulting in / giving rise to the
Receivables and/or its non-collection. For the avoidance of doubt, the power
to admit / adjudicate the creditors’ claims / proofs of debt remain with the
Liquidators of the Assignor.

26 In any event, Jakhau did not dispute that an assignment of the Assigned
Property is permissible under s 272(2)(c) of the Act. But it asserts that
public policy dictates that such assignment should be disallowed because it
offends the doctrine of maintenance and champerty. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Minute sheet dated 2 July 2018.

It is to this issue that I now turn.

Whether the doctrine of maintenance and champerty applies

27 The definition of maintenance and champerty was endorsed by the Court of
Appeal in Lim Lie Hoa and another v Ong Jane Rebecca [1997] 1 SLR(R) 775 (“Lim
Lie Hoa”) at [23] (citing Halsbury’s Laws of England vol 9 (4th Ed) at para
400) as follows:

Maintenance may be defined as the giving of assistance or encouragement to one
of the parties to litigation by a person who has neither an interest in the
litigation nor any other motive recognised by the law as justifying his
interference. Champerty is a particular kind of maintenance, namely
maintenance of an action in consideration of a promise to give the maintainer
a share in the proceeds or subject matter of the action.

28 I agree with Chua JC in Re Vanguard that s 272(2)(c) of the Act is a
statutory exception to the doctrine of maintenance and champerty. Accordingly,
to determine whether a liquidator’s assignment of a cause of action infringes
the doctrine of maintenance and champerty, the starting point is to determine
the subject-matter of sale under s 272(2)(c). If the sale or assignment falls
within the liquidator’s statutory power of sale, then it follows that such
sale is authorised by statute despite the rules as to maintenance and
champerty (Re Vanguard at [27]-–[29]). To hold otherwise would be to frustrate
the object of the legislation if the doctrine of maintenance and champerty
prevented a liquidator from discharging his statutory duty to realise the
company’s assets to advantage, and from exercising his statutory powers of
sale to pursue meritorious claims that might otherwise go unpursued (Re
Movitor at 444-–445).

29 In this connection, I also agree with Chua JC in Re Vanguard (at [30]) that
for the purposes of s 272(2)(c) of the Act, it matters not whether the
assignee stands to make a profit from the sale of a company’s property.
Litigation funders would realistically and sensibly expect to be compensated
for the risks that they take in funding an insolvent company’s litigation. To
expect that litigation funders should not seek a profit is commercially
unrealistic and would stifle the ability for insolvent companies to pursue
meritorious claims and thereby prejudice creditors. As Drummond J noted in Re
Movitor, agreements such as the one in the present case “will often serve a
good public purpose” (at 444).

30 That said, the liquidators’ powers to sell the company’s property is
subject to the court’s control by virtue of s 272(3) of the Act, and the court
should take into account various factors in determining whether to permit a
liquidator to exercise its statutory powers under s 272(2). This includes the
level of profit that a litigation funder may expect to earn, a matter that I
will return to. At this juncture, it suffices to note that the assignment of
causes of action under s 272(2)(c) is a statutory exception to the doctrine of
maintenance and champerty. To that extent, that RV1 can expect to turn a
profit from the Agreement does not preclude the approval of such an agreement.

31 Before departing from this issue, I note that Jakhau contended that the
doctrine of maintenance and champerty was also offended because RV1 is
allegedly being funded by Oxford. I do not think that there is any merit in
this contention. Putting aside the veracity of Jakhau’s contention vis-à-vis
RV1 and Oxford, the commercial arrangement between the latter two is not
before this court. It would thus be improper for me to make any findings as
between the two entities, much less rely on their relationship to impugn the
propriety of the Agreement, which is between the Company and RV1 (Lim Lie Hoa
at [55]).

Conclusion

32 To sum up, s 272(2)(c) of the Act permits liquidators to assign
sufficiently identifiable causes of action to a third party for consideration.
It is also a statutory exception to the doctrine of maintenance and champerty.
In this case, the Assigned Property is sufficiently identifiable and falls
within the ambit of s 272(2)(c). The Agreement therefore does not run afoul of
the doctrine of maintenance and champerty.

33 I should also add that what the Liquidators sought to sell (ie, the
Assigned Property) does not include causes of action that arise only in the
event of a liquidation, and that can thus only be pursued by a liquidator
pursuant to a statutory power conferred on him, such as the right to bring
proceedings under avoidance law, eg, transactions at an undervalue. It has
been held that rights of action vesting solely in a liquidator of a company in
liquidation cannot be assigned or sold to a third party (see Re Oasis
Merchandising Services Ltd [1998] Ch 170 at 186–187 and Neo Corp Pte Ltd (in
liquidation) v Neocorp Innovations Pte Ltd [2006] 2 SLR(R) 717 at [24]; see
also Manharlal Trikamdas Mody and another v Sumikin Bussan International (HK)
Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 1161 at [54]–[56], albeit in the context of bankruptcy).

Bona fides of the Agreement

Factors to be considered

34 Section 272(3) of the Act provides that a liquidator’s power under s 272(2)
is subject to the court’s control. In determining whether a liquidator’s
exercise of its power under s 272(2) should be subject to the court’s
intervention, the overarching consideration should be whether the liquidator,
in exercising those powers, is acting bona fide or in good faith.

35 I take as my starting point that the court does not readily interfere with
a liquidator’s discretion (Corporate Insolvency at para 4.38). In Leon v York-
O-Matic Ltd [1966] 1 WLR 1450, the English High Court considered s 245(2)(a)
of the Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK), which is materially similar to s
272(2)(c) of the Act. It held (at 1454–1455) that the court would not
intervene with the liquidator’s exercise of his power unless what he was doing
was “so utterly unreasonable and absurd that no reasonable man would so act”.
The relevant question is whether the liquidator acted bona fide in exercising
its discretion. This proposition was accepted by Woo Bih Li J in MWA Capital
Pte Ltd v Ivy Lee Realty Pte Ltd (in liquidation) [2017] SGHC 216 at [37].
Similarly, in Low Hua Kin v Kumagai-Zenecon Construction Pte Ltd (in
liquidation) and another [2000] 2 SLR(R) 689 (“Kumagai-Zenecon”) at [48], the
Court of Appeal emphasised that the court should be slow to intervene in a
liquidator’s commercial decision in circumstances where bad faith has not been
shown:

[T]he court must approach the matter on the basis that the provisional
liquidators, being appointed by the court, are recognised as having both the
qualifications and access to the multiplicity of information for making such a
decision, and, except where bad faith is established, will treat the
provisional liquidators’ decision as a proper one, unless the court is
satisfied that they acted in a way which no reasonable provisional liquidator
should have acted... It is thus not proper for the court to intervene and
substitute its own decision for that of the provisional liquidators. [emphasis
added]

36 That the court does not readily interfere with a liquidator’s commercial
decisions and exercise of its powers can also be found in the Australian
authorities. In Re Addstone Pte Ltd (in liq) (1998) 83 FCR 583 (“Re
Addstone”), the Federal Court of Australia considered s 477(2)(c) of the
Corporations Law 1989 (Cth) (which is materially similar to s 272(2)(c) of the
Act) in relation to the liquidator’s power to enter into transactions with a
view to procuring funding for the conduct of certain proposed litigation on
behalf of the companies under liquidation. Under the agreement in Re Addstone,
the liquidator would obtain a loan facility from a bank to fund its legal and
other expenses in pursuing various claims. The loan facility would be insured
by the funder (in the event that the claims were unsuccessful) in return for
the funder receiving a proportion of any successful recovery by the liquidator
on the claims. In approving the proposed arrangement, the Federal Court held
that its role was not to “second guess” the liquidator’s judgment and to
substitute its own views. Instead, the question is whether the liquidator is
acting bona fide in entering into such arrangements (at 594).

37 As should be immediately apparent, the principle in Re Addstone is
consonant with the principle as set out in Kumagai-Zenecon that the court
ought to be slow in interfering with a liquidator’s commercial decision where
bad faith has not been established. Re Addstone has also been endorsed in
subsequent cases including Jones, Saker, Weaver and Stewart (Liquidators), in
the matter of Great Southern Limited (in liq) (Receivers and Managers
Appointed) [2012] FCA 1072 (“Re Great Southern”) and more recently in Re Van
Der Velde.

38 Next, in ascertaining whether the liquidators have acted bona fide or in
good faith, the Australian courts have enumerated a number of non-exhaustive
and non-determinative factors to be taken into account (Re Great Southern at
[32]; Re Van Der Velde at [15]), namely:

(a) the nature and complexity of the matter and the risks involved in pursuing
the claims;

(b) the prospects of success of the proposed action;

(c) the amount of costs likely to be incurred in the conduct of the action and
the extent to which the funder is to contribute to the costs;

(d) the extent to which the funder will contribute towards the opponent’s
costs in the event that the action is not successful or towards any order for
security for costs;

(e) the circumstances surrounding the making of the contract, including the
ability of the funder to meet its obligations;

(f) the level of the funder’s premium;

(g) the extent to which the liquidators have canvassed other funding options
and consulted with the creditors of the company;

(h) the interests of the creditors and the effect that the funding agreement
may have on the company’s creditors;

(i) possible oppression to another party in the proceedings; and

(j) the extent to which the liquidators maintain control over the proceedings.

39 I find that the above factors serve as a useful guide in determining the
bona fides of a liquidator’s exercise of its powers under s 272(2)(c) of the
Act. As noted in Re Great Southern at [31] and Re Van der Velde at [15]–[16],
not every factor will be pertinent in every case. For example, the question of
oppression to another party will not always arise. I will thus only refer to
those factors in broad categories where relevant to the present case and at
the same time address Jakhau’s concerns in objecting to the Agreement.

Nature and complexity of matter and prospects of success

40 I considered at the outset the nature and complexity of the matters, the
risks involved, and their prospects of success.

41 In this regard, the Liquidators submitted that they represent neutral
factors because the Company lacked the resources to ascertain the complexity
of the matters involved. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Liquidators’ WS at paras 18–19.

On the facts, it was not disputed that at the first creditors’ meeting in
November 2017, the Liquidators informed the creditors that any potential
recovery action against the Company’s debtors would be costly and that the
Company had insufficient funds to commence recovery actions. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Abuthahir’s 2nd Affidavit at para 9.

The Liquidators had also invited the Company’s creditors to provide funding.
But to date, no creditor has come forth to offer any funding. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Abuthahir’s 2nd Affidavit at para 40.

42 I agreed with the Liquidators that these factors were neutral at best. I
also add that the clause setting out the Assigned Causes of Action indicates
that there are potential claims premised on causes of actions such as
conspiracy and fraud (see [25] above). Such causes of actions can be complex
and costly to investigate and pursue, which would be considerations in favour
of approving the Agreement given that the Company does not have the resources
to pursue any potential claims. Nevertheless, given the current paucity of
evidence in relation to these potential claims, I found that these factors did
not assist me in determining the bona fides of the Agreement.

Amount of costs likely to be incurred

43 The next category of factors that I considered was the amount of costs
likely to be incurred, and the extent to which RV1 would bear them. In this
regard, the Liquidators submitted that because the Agreement entails an
outright assignment and sale of the Assigned Property to RV1, RV1 will bear
all the costs (including those arising from adverse costs orders) incurred in
the course of the recovery actions. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Liquidator’s WS at paras 21–23.

44 As the Company is selling to RV1 its causes of action and its right to
pursue various debtors, RV1 will be the party to any recovery action taken in
relation to the Assigned Property. RV1 will therefore bear the costs of the
recovery process. The Company will not have to bear any costs in the recovery
process, unlike in the case where the fruits of a cause of action are sold to
the litigation funder after such fruits have been recovered. Accordingly,
there is no detriment to the Company in that it does not have to incur any
costs in any recovery process which will be conducted by RV1. Further, in the
event that any action pursued by RV1 is unsuccessful, RV1 would have to bear
any adverse costs orders as it (and not the Company) would be a party to the
action. In this regard, the Agreement expressly provides that RV1 cannot
commence proceedings or enforcement or recovery actions in the Company’s name
or join the Company as a party to any proceedings. I was satisfied that in
this way, the Company would not be affected by any adverse costs orders
arising from recovery actions undertaken by RV1.

Circumstances surrounding the Agreement

45 Here, I consider the circumstances under which the Agreement was reached.
In my view, this involves considering factors such as the extent to which the
Liquidators have considered other potential funders, the degree to which the
creditors’ views had been taken into account and RV1’s ability to meet its
obligations under the Agreement.

46 In relation to the negotiations in reaching the Agreement, the Liquidators
contended that their negotiations with Oxford were at arms’ length and was a
commercial decision on their part. They also pointed out that since the
original version of the agreement, the Agreement has been amended to take into
account the creditors’ and this court’s concerns. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Liquidators’ WS at para 24; Abuthahir’s 2nd affidavit at paras 15, 17 and 19.

On the other hand, Jakhau cast a number of aspersions on the Liquidators’
conduct, and argued that the Liquidators concealed information from the
creditors and failed to engage with other potential third party litigation
funders before entering into the Agreement with RV1. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Jakhau’s WS at paras 82–87; Ranganathan’s Affidavit at para 27.

47 I found that there was no merit in Jakhau’s objections. It is not disputed
that the Liquidators informed the Company’s creditors as early as November
2017 that the Company had insufficient funds to pursue recovery actions. It is
also not disputed that the Liquidators informed the creditors that they were
exploring the possibility of third party litigation funding, and extended to
them an invitation to fund the Company’s litigation. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Abuthahir’s 2nd Affidavit at para 9.

Since April 2018, the Liquidators have also been in touch with some third
party litigation funders, all of whom have either expressed no interest in
providing funding or have not provided concrete proposals. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Abuthahir’s 3rd Affidavit dated 4 June 2018 at paras 16–24; Liquidators’
Letter dated 13 July 2018; Liquidators’ WS at para 33.

In any event, the absence of alternative quotations for litigation funding
does not preclude the court from approving the Agreement, as the court is able
to make its own assessment of the reasonableness of the level of a funder’s
premium, a point which I will turn to next (see Re ACN 076 673 875 Ltd (2002)
42 ACSR 296). In the light of these facts, I did not think that there was
anything to impugn the propriety of the Liquidators’ conduct.

48 In relation to RV1, Jakhau submitted that there were serious concerns about
its ability to pursue recovery actions and to meet its obligations under the
Agreement because RV1 has ostensibly no assets to its name. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Jakhau’s WS at paras 60–62.

I noted that RV1 was specially incorporated for the purposes of the Agreement.
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Damien John Prentice’s 2nd Affidavit dated 4 June 2018 (“Prentice’s 2nd
Affidavit”) at para 6.

Jakhau’s concerns as to its abilities were therefore not wholly unwarranted.
To alleviate those concerns, the Agreement was amended to include Oxford as a
party, with Oxford agreeing to guarantee RV1’s obligations under the
Agreement. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Draft Agreement in Annex C of Liquidators’ Letter (13 July 2018) at pp 9–10.

In my view, it may be difficult to enforce any guarantee or indemnity extended
by Oxford given that it is based out of jurisdiction. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Prentice’s 2nd Affidavit at para 5.

Nevertheless, I bore in mind that any difficulty that RV1 encounters in its
recovery actions is tempered by the fact that the Company may buy back any
Assigned Receivables and Assigned Causes of Action for S$1 if RV1 fails to
commence recovery within one year or six months, as the case may be. Hence, if
RV1 does not pursue the Assigned Property for whatever reason, the Company is
not completely shut out from so doing (assuming that it has the necessary
resources to do so).

Level of funder’s premium

49 Moving on to RV1’s premium, Jakhau also submitted that the Agreement ought
to be disallowed on the basis that RV1 stood to make a “grossly excessive
profit” from the Agreement. To that end, it cited Re Movitor for the
proposition that a liquidator’s exercise of its power of sale might not be
bona fide if the court finds that the purchaser is “likely to make a grossly
excessive profit, at the expense of the company” (emphasis added). It argued
that RV1 stands to gain approximately US$16.5m (which represented half of the
Company’s alleged receivables), and that the Company would not gain anything
at all if RV1 fails to recover anything. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Jakhau’s WS at paras 78–81.

50 It must be reiterated that the ultimate bargain struck as between RV1 and
the Company involves commercial considerations for which the court should not
readily substitute its own opinion. Moreover, as the Liquidators pointed out,
52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Liquidators’ WS at para 28.

the UK and Australian courts have approved similar agreements under which the
insolvent company was entitled to less than half of the recovered proceeds. In
Buiscex Ltd and Another v Panfida Foods Ltd (in liq) (1998) 28 ACSR 357, the
Supreme Court of New South Wales approved a litigation funding agreement for
the fruits of causes of action, under which the funder would fund
investigations by the liquidators into the company’s affairs for a certain
period and the funder would have an option to acquire 75% interest in the net
amounts recovered on the company’s behalf in any cause of action brought on
behalf of the company. Although the proposed agreement would give only 25% of
the net return of any proceedings to the company, the court did not find this
to be unreasonable. In Ramsey v Hartley and others [1977] 2 All ER 673, a
cause of action was assigned to the funder with the assignor being entitled to
35% of the recovery proceeds. The English Court of Appeal accepted that the
promise by the assignee to pay the assignor 35% of the net proceeds of the
action was good valuable consideration.

51 On our facts, the Company stood to gain 40% to 50% of whatever RV1 manages
to recover. This is in stark contrast to the status quo, which is that the
Company recovers nothing. Moreover, as I stated earlier, no other third party
litigation funder has offered a better deal than the one captured in the
Agreement. At the end of the day, there is no hard and fast rule on the
appropriate level of the funder’s premium and all relevant factors must be
considered holistically. In the circumstances, I did not think that the profit
that RV1 stands to gain was a reason not to approve the Agreement. Moreover,
it was difficult to see how RV1 stands to make a grossly excessive profit at
the Company’s expense.

Degree of control

52 The consideration here is the degree of control that the Liquidators will
have over RV1’s conduct of the recovery actions. In this respect, Jakhau
submitted that the Liquidators cannot completely relinquish control and
oversight over the company’s legal proceedings. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Jakhau’s WS at para 35.

The Liquidators, on the other hand, pointed out that relinquishing control is
a necessary and permissible corollary to the fact that the Agreement entails
an assignment of the Assigned Property (as opposed to the fruits of causes of
action). 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Liquidators’ WS at para 47.

53 I agreed with the Liquidators that they are entitled to relinquish control
over the proceedings once the Assigned Property has been assigned, as this
would be a permissible corollary to an agreement which entails an assignment
of a cause of action as opposed to the fruits of a cause of action (see also
Corporate Insolvency at para 22.60). Further, RV1 has a vested interest in
ensuring that any recovery by litigation or otherwise would be properly
conducted. It would otherwise be expending costs and effort in futility.

54 Moreover, this is not a case where the Liquidators will be unable to
monitor RV1’s progress. The Agreement provides that RV1 is to provide
quarterly updates to the Liquidators, who are also entitled to seek updates on
a more frequent basis. As stated earlier, the Agreement, as amended, also
prevents RV1 from further assigning the Assigned Property. Additionally, if
RV1 does not commence recovery action in relation to the Assigned Receivables
or Assigned Causes of Action within the stipulated six months or one year
respectively, the Liquidators have the option to buy back the Assigned
Receivables or Assigned Causes of Action (as the case may be) for a nominal
sum of $1. I was therefore satisfied that there is nothing untoward about
letting RV1 decide how it should go about conducting the recovery actions.

Other considerations and prejudice

55 As noted above at [38], the factors set out in Re Great Southern and Re Van
Der Velde are not exhaustive. I thus move on to examine the other potential
considerations. In this respect, I noted Jakhau’s contention that the
Agreement prejudices the Company’s creditors in favour of Solvadis (whose
claims against the Company are being funded by Oxford). 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Jakhau’s WS at paras 72–77.

But not only is that contention pure conjecture and baseless, it is also
difficult to comprehend. Any amount eventually recovered by RV1 and paid to
the Company would be distributed to the creditors in accordance with the
insolvency laws and there is no evidence to suggest that the Liquidators would
act otherwise.

56 As for Jakhau’s allegation that the Agreement will expose the Company to
counterclaims, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Jakhau’s WS at paras 64–71.

I found that this objection had no merit. In this regard, I agreed with
Solvadis’ submission that a counterclaim is “merely a procedure to allow an
action by way of cross-demand to be brought in the same proceedings” (Greg
Tolhurst, The Assignment of Contractual Rights (Hart Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016)
at para 8.88). 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Solvadis’ WS on Assignment, Set-Off and Counterclaims at para 8(4).

Put simply, any counterclaim brought by a third party against the Company in
proceedings initiated by RV1 would be no different from a claim brought by a
third party against the Company.

57 I make a final observation on public policy considerations, which were
briefly alluded to by Chua JC in Re Vanguard at [46] in his discussion of the
doctrine of maintenance and champerty, and of the circumstances under which
assignments of bare causes of action (or of its fruits) will be struck down.
As he noted, the relevant policy where assignments of bare causes of actions
are concerned is “that of protecting the purity of justice and the interests
of vulnerable litigants”. In my view, neither of these interests are
contravened by the Agreement, and the Company is by no means a vulnerable
litigant.

58 In any event, the court exercises a measure of control over such
arrangements by considering a number of factors in determining whether
liquidators have acted bona fide. In this regard, I have also ensured that
safeguards were put in place in the Agreement to protect the interests of the
Company’s creditors and after taking into consideration Jakhau’s concerns.
This includes the following:

(a) The Agreement cannot be further assigned to another party by RV1.

(b) RV1 cannot commence proceedings in the Company’s name or join the Company
as a party to any proceedings. This also ensures that the Company is not
subject to unnecessary risks and expenses in RV1’s recovery process.

(c) RV1 may only enter into a settlement agreement with third parties (in any
recovery action) on the recommendation of legal advisors. This also ensures
that a certain level of check is undertaken by lawyers in regard to any
settlement, as some of the benefit is ultimately to accrue to the Company.

(d) Any recovery proceeds, which the Company is entitled to, is paid over to
the Company within a certain period. This also ensures that the Company will
receive any fruits of a recovery action in a timely manner.

(e) The Company will have the option to repurchase the Assigned Property (at a
nominal sum) if RV1 is not sufficiently expeditious in its conduct of the
recovery actions. This enables the Company (assuming it has the resources) to
take recovery action if RV1 does not do so.

(f) To enable the Liquidators to monitor RV1’s recovery actions, RV1 has to
provide quarterly updates to the Liquidators, who are also entitled to seek
updates on a more frequent basis.

(g) The Agreement cannot be modified or amended without the approval of the
creditors or the court.

Additionally, the Liquidators have also agreed to provide the creditors
updates on the progress of RV1’s recovery efforts on a quarterly basis, as per
Jakhau’s request, and I thus ordered accordingly.

Conclusion

59 In the round, agreements such as the present one must be balanced against
the reality that an insolvent company may not have the ability to pursue
meritorious claims on its own and recover potentially substantial assets which
are for the ultimate benefit of its creditors. Indeed, in the present case,
the Company stated that it did not have the resources to do so, and the
creditors that objected to the application have similarly not provided any
form of positive assistance in resources to pursue such recovery (unlike in
the case of Re Vanguard where the shareholders of the Company were the
assignees). Additionally, despite the amount of time and notice given by the
Liquidators, the creditors have also not been able to procure another funder
that was willing to provide a concrete alternative proposal.

60 The simple point is this: with the assignment, the Company stands to gain
immediately with a S$50,000 upfront payment; without the assignment, the
Company stands to gain nothing at all. At the end of the day, to prevent such
arrangements would shut out a lot of insolvent companies from pursuing legal
remedies against its debtors (unless the contributories or creditors are
prepared to fund such recovery process). Where a third party litigation funder
is prepared to step in, one would obviously expect it to take a share in the
recovery process for the risks that it takes. As I note above at [29] and
[49]–[51], any profit that a third party funder may expect to make from such
arrangements does not detract from the purity of justice if such profits do
not come at the company’s expense. In my view, allowing such arrangements
serves a public interest so long as they are executed and negotiated in good
faith. As observed in Re Vanguard at [46], it is “undeniable that litigation
funding has an especially useful role to play in insolvency situations”.

61 For the foregoing reasons, I approved the Agreement. With regard to costs,
I ordered that they were to be borne by RV1 as provided for under the
Agreement.

Audrey Lim  
Judicial Commissioner

Samuel Wee and Darrell Low (Yusarn Audrey) for the liquidators of Affert
Resources Pte Ltd;  
Dominic Chan and Daniel Ng (Characterist LLC) for Solvadis Commodity Chemicals
Gmbh;  
Joseph Lopez, Vanathi Eliora Ray and Intan Krishanty (Joseph Lopez LLP) for
Jakhau Salt Company Pte Ltd; and

Lee Ee Yang and Charis Wong (Covenant Chambers LLC) for Recovery Vehicle 1 Pte
Ltd.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

