Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 126

Suit No 657 of 2017

(Registrar’s Appeal Nos 46 and 47 of 2018)

Between

Nippon Catalyst Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| PT Trans-Pacific Petrochemical Indotama  
---|---  
(2)| PT Pertamina (Persero)  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Arbitration] — [Stay of court proceedings] — [Mandatory stay under
International Arbitration Act]

[Civil Procedure] — [Service] — [Leave to serve out of jurisdiction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Nippon Catalyst Pte Ltd

  

v

  

PT Trans-Pacific Petrochemical Indotama and another

[2018] SGHC 126

High Court — Suit No 657 of 2017 (Registrar’s Appeal Nos 46 and 47 of 2018)  
Audrey Lim JC  
11, 18 and 19 April 2018

22 May 2018 Judgment reserved.

Audrey Lim JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff (“Nippon”) brought two appeals against the first defendant
(“TPPI”) and the second defendant (“Pertamina”), respectively. The subject of
the two appeals are as follows:

(a) RA 47/2018 (“the Arbitration Application”) is an appeal against the
assistant registrar’s (“the AR”) decision to grant a stay of proceedings of
Suit 657 of 2017 (“the Suit”) against TPPI in favour of arbitration under s 6
of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”).

(b) RA 46/2018 (“the Jurisdiction Application”) is an appeal against the AR’s
decision to set aside the ex parte order granting Nippon leave to serve its
originating process out of jurisdiction against Pertamina on the basis that
Singapore is not the proper forum for the trial of the Suit.

Background facts

Parties and facts leading up to the Suit

2 Nippon is a company incorporated in Singapore, and is in the business of
selling chemical products. TPPI and Pertamina are incorporated in Indonesia,
and are both involved in the energy business. At present, Nippon owns about
4.46% of the shares in TPPI (as a result of a Composition Agreement, which I
will return to later), while Pertamina is the largest single shareholder of
TPPI, holding approximately 48.59% of TPPI shares. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Andreas Rialas’ (“Andreas”) affidavit at paras 1.2.5; Basya Giawarman
Himawan’s (“Basya”) first affidavit at para 14.

3 On 6 September 2005, Nippon and TPPI executed a Lease Agreement (“the LA”)
pursuant to which Nippon agreed to lease various catalysts (“the Catalysts”)
to TPPI to be installed in TPPI’s refinery in Indonesia. These Catalysts are
chemical substances that convert certain compounds into petroleum. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Basya’s first affidavit at paras 15–17.

In return, TPPI would pay rent in accordance with an agreed schedule in the
LA, which was set to expire on 15 March 2009. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Basya’s first affidavit at para 16.

Clause 2.2 of the LA states that Nippon retains title to the Catalysts, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Lease Agreement in Basya’s first affidavit at p 20.

and cl 11.1 provides that “[u]pon the termination of the Lease Term by
expiration of time or otherwise, [TPPI]… shall surrender possession of the
Catalysts to [Nippon] at such place in the Republic of Indonesia as [Nippon]
and [TPPI] agree…”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Lease Agreement in Basya’s first affidavit at p 27.

Of particular note is cl 14.2, which is an arbitration agreement clause, the
salient parts of which state as follows: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Lease Agreement in Basya’s first affidavit at p 29.

(a) Any disputes arising out of or in connection with this Lease or its
performance, including the validity, scope, meaning, construction,
interpretation or application hereof (a “Dispute”) shall to the extent
possible be settled amicably by negotiations and discussions between the
Parties involved in the Dispute.

(b) Any such Dispute not settled by amicable agreement within thirty (30) days
of receipt by a Party of notice of a Dispute, shall be finally and exclusively
settled by arbitration in Singapore before three (3) arbitrators under the
arbitration rules of the International Chamber of Commerce (the “ICC”) then in
effect (the “Rules”). Such arbitration shall be conducted in English.

[underline in original]

4 TPPI’s refinery subsequently ceased operations after February 2008, and it
defaulted on the rent payments under the LA. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Basya’s first affidavit at para 19.

In 2009, TPPI decided to re-commence operations of the refinery, which led
Nippon and TPPI to enter into a “Heads of Agreement” (“the HA”) to extend the
LA to 31 December 2010. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Basya’s first affidavit at para 19.

The HA was stated to be valid and effective from 16 March 2008. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Heads of Agreement in Basya’s first affidavit at p 40.

It had the effect of reducing the sums due and owing from TPPI in respect of
the rent payments, and also introduced an amended schedule of payment. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Heads of Agreement in Basya’s first affidavit at pp 39 and 42.

Further, cl 7 of the HA states that all the terms and conditions of the LA are
to remain in full force and effect unless expressly provided. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Heads of Agreement in Basya’s first affidavit at p 40.

As is the case of the LA, cl 11 of the HA provides that any disputes arising
out of or in connection with the HA would be settled amicably, failing which
the dispute would be finally and exclusively settled by arbitration in
Singapore. Hereinafter, the LA and the HA will be referred to collectively as
“the Lease”.

5 Around December 2011, TPPI’s refinery was again shut down as TPPI faced
financial difficulties. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Basya’s first affidavit at para 22.

On 11 December 2012, TPPI entered into a Composition Agreement (“the CA”) with
various creditors, including Nippon. The CA is akin to a scheme of
arrangement, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Basya’s first affidavit at para 14.

and it was endorsed by the Commercial Court of Jakarta Pusat on 27 December
2012. At that time, Nippon had a total claim of over USD$50m against TPPI.
This comprised sums due and owing under the Lease, as well as rent for the
Catalysts for the period from 1 January 2011 to 5 November 2012. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Andreas’ affidavit at para 2.4.2.

Pursuant to the CA, Nippon’s claim against TPPI was converted into shares
amounting to about 4.46% of TPPI’s shares, which were issued to Nippon around
10 December 2014. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Statement of Claim at para 2.2.3.

For our purposes, cl 8 of the CA is noteworthy. It provides as follows: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Basya’s first affidavit at p 56.

Each and all agreements remaining in effect between TPPI and its creditors
before the PKPU decision is to be terminated, except those strictly confirmed
to remain in force by TPPI and in respect of the creditors, the terms and
conditions in the Reconciliation Plan and the supporting documents will apply.

If it is considered necessary by TPPI to re-apply an agreement, re-arrangement
will be sought on the terms and conditions subject to this Reconciliation Plan
in a new agreement.

[emphasis added]

6 In relation to this clause, Nippon and TPPI agree that there are two ways in
which an agreement preceding the CA can either be resurrected or treated as
subsisting. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Minute Sheet (11 April 2018) at pp 3–4.

First, if an agreement was still in force at the time that the CA was
executed, and if TPPI strictly confirms that the said agreement remains in
force, then the said agreement continues to bind the parties to it. Second,
TPPI may re-apply an agreement that is no longer in force at the time that the
CA was entered into, subject to the relevant parties’ consent.

Commencement of the Suit

7 After the CA was executed, Nippon and TPPI attempted but failed to conclude
a new agreement for TPPI’s continued use of the Catalysts. Nevertheless TPPI
resumed operations and continued to use the Catalysts. Nippon claims that TPPI
continued to use the Catalysts without its consent, and pursued the following
causes of action against TPPI and Pertamina:

(a)  Conversion and/or detinue (collectively, “the Conversion Claim”): 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Statement of Claim at paras 3–3.1.6.

Nippon claims that TPPI converted the Catalysts for its own use. It averred
that after the expiry of the Lease on 31 December 2010, Nippon was entitled to
the re-possession of the catalysts, but TPPI had unlawfully retained them from
1 January 2011 and for its own use.

(b) Joint tortfeasor (“the Joint Tortfeasor Claim”): 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Statement of Claim at paras 3.2–3.2.5.

Nippon claims against Pertamina as a joint tortfeasor for having authorised,
procured or instigated the commission of the tort of conversion and/or detinue
by TPPI. Nippon avers in the alternative that Pertamina participated in a
joint enterprise or common design in committing those torts.

(c) Unlawful conspiracy (“the Conspiracy Claim”): 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of Claim at paras 4–4.1.4.

Nippon claims that TPPI and Pertamina participated in an unlawful conspiracy
to take advantage of Nippon’s property without providing fair value or due
consideration. Nippon further avers that TPPI and Pertamina ignored Nippon’s
demands to cease using the Catalysts and to pay for such unauthorised use, and
their continuing obligation to return the Catalysts pursuant to the Lease
and/or the CA.

8 At this juncture, I pause to note that although Nippon alleges that TPPI is
obliged to surrender possession of the Catalysts from 31 December 2010, Nippon
claims damages only for losses from 6 November 2012 onwards. This is because
Nippon and TPPI has settled Nippon’s claim for the rental of the Catalysts
from 1 January 2011 to 5 November 2012 under the CA. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Statement of Claim at para 2.2.3.

In other words, the Suit concerns events that ostensibly occurred after the
expiry of the Lease. As will be seen, a bone of contention between Nippon and
TPPI is whether this means that Nippon’s claims in the Suit fall beyond the
purview of the clause enjoining them to arbitrate disputes in connection with
the Catalysts.

9 As both TPPI and Pertamina are located in Indonesia, Nippon sought and
obtained an ex parte order granting it leave to serve out of jurisdiction.
Subsequently, TPPI and Pertamina took out their respective applications, both
of which were granted by the AR. With respect to TPPI’s Arbitration
Application, the AR noted that there was a prima facie case that TPPI and
Nippon had treated the Lease as binding on them while they attempted to
negotiate a new agreement. As for Pertamina’s Jurisdiction Application, the AR
found that the torts took place in Indonesia, and that Indonesia was the
proper forum for hearing the dispute.

10 Nippon has appealed against the AR’s decision on both applications. I will
first address TPPI’s Arbitration Application before dealing with Pertamina’s
Jurisdiction Application.

TPPI’s Arbitration Application

11 It is undisputed that the issue of whether a stay should be granted in
favour of arbitration applies only in relation to the Conversion Claim, and
not to the Joint Tortfeasor Claim and the Conspiracy Claim. Nippon and TPPI
agree that the arbitration agreement clause would not cover the latter two
claims. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Minute Sheet (11 April 2018) at p 9.

In any case, Pertamina is not a party to the Lease and is thus not bound to
its terms, let alone the arbitration agreement clause.

12 As a preliminary point, I note that Nippon and TPPI are divided as to
whether cl 14.2 of the LA or cl 11 of the HA is the applicable provision where
disputes arising from the lease of the Catalysts are concerned. Nippon submits
that cl 14.2 of the LA was replaced by cl 11 of the HA, highlighting that the
HA’s preamble provides that Nippon and TPPI have agreed to amend the LA
pursuant to the terms of the HA. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Nippon’s Written Submissions at para 3.2.1

But as TPPI points out, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

TPPI’s Further Submissions at para 4.

cl 7 of the HA states that all terms in the LA remain operative unless
expressly amended by the HA.

13 In my judgment, whether cl 14.2 of the LA or cl 11 of the HA is the
applicable provision is immaterial and does not affect my findings on the
Arbitration Application. It is Nippon’s position that the LA expired on 31
December 2010 as it had been extended by the HA. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Minute Sheet (11 April 2018) at p 2.

Nippon also agreed that a dispute “arising out of or in connection with” the
Lease would include a dispute as to whether the Lease was valid, and this was
to be determined by an arbitral tribunal. Likewise whether or not the Lease
has expired is an issue that falls within the scope of the arbitration
agreement clause and is to be determined by an arbitral tribunal. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Minute Sheet (11 April 2018) at pp 9–10.

The courts have taken a generous approach towards construing the scope of an
arbitration agreement clause (see [27] and [30] below). Therefore, although cl
11 of the HA does not include the words “including the validity, scope,
meaning, construction, interpretation or application [of the lease]”, such
matters would fall within the provision. I will hereinafter refer to the
arbitration agreement clauses under the LA and the HA as the “Arbitration
Clause”.

General principles on staying in favour of arbitration

14 The parties do not dispute that the question of whether a stay ought to be
granted is to be determined under the IAA (as opposed to the Arbitration Act
(Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed)). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Nippon’s Written Submissions at para 3.1.1; TPPI’s Written Submissions at para
12.

In this regard, the law on whether a stay should be granted under s 6 of the
IAA is well-established. The Court of Appeal in Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and
another v Silica Investors Ltd and other appeals [2016] 1 SLR 373
(“Tomolugen”) at [63] (and more recently reiterated in Wilson Taylor Asia
Pacific Pte Ltd v Dyna-Jet Pte Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 362 (“Dyna-Jet”) at [11]) held
that the court should grant a stay in favour of arbitration if the applicant
can establish a prima facie case that:

(a) there is a valid arbitration agreement between the parties to the court
proceedings;

(b) the dispute in the court proceedings (or any part thereof) falls within
the scope of the arbitration agreement; and

(c) the arbitration agreement is not null and void, inoperative or incapable
of being performed.

15 It should be emphasised that the court applies only a prima facie standard
of review at this stage of proceedings. This does not mean that the court
turns a “blind eye to obvious drawbacks in [an applicant’s] case” (Dyna-Jet at
[15]). But this also means that the court does not go into the full merits of
the parties’ cases. This flows from the “recognition and enforcement of the
kompetenz-kompetenz principle”, and the court will “stay the proceedings in
favour of arbitration except in cases where the arbitration clause is clearly
invalid or inapplicable” [emphasis in original] (Tomolugen at [68]).

16 Nippon, in arguing against a stay in favour of arbitration, contends that
the Arbitration Clause is no longer valid or operative and, in any event, the
dispute between it and TPPI does not fall within the scope of the Arbitration
Clause.

The continued operation of the Lease

Whether the Lease continues to bind the parties

17 TPPI’s primary case is that that the Arbitration Clause continues to bind
Nippon and TPPI because cl 8 of the CA entitled it to confirm the continuation
of the Lease. To that end, it avers that its confirmation can be evinced from
the parties’ correspondence and its conduct in entering into the tolling
agreements that required the use of the Catalysts. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

TPPI’s Written Submissions at para 44; TPPI’s Further Submissions at para 6;
Minute Sheet (11 April 2018) at pp 6–7.

On the other hand, Nippon argues that a stay in favour of arbitration should
not be granted because the Arbitration Clause is no longer in effect. Nippon’s
case is that TPPI could not have used cl 8 of the CA to confirm the Lease
because the clause does not have the effect of reviving a contract that has
already expired. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Nippon’s Written Submissions at para 3.3.4.

Even if cl 8 of the CA does allow TPPI to do so, it requires TPPI to “strictly
confirm” the continuation of the Lease, and there is no evidence of such
strict confirmation. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Nippon’s Written Submissions at para 3.4.1.

18 In my judgment, I find that TPPI has established a prima facie case that it
confirmed the Lease and that both TPPI and Nippon treated the Lease as
continuing, and that the Arbitration Clause continues to bind the parties. The
CA (of which Nippon was a party) provided that TPPI was to enter into a
tolling agreement so that TPPI could continue to operate its refinery, and
under which Pertamina would supply feedstock to TPPI to be processed in the
latter’s refinery. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Basya’s first affidavit at paras 25 and 28.

This in turn necessitated the use of the Catalysts. In total, TPPI entered
into four tolling agreements between 2013 and 2017, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Basya’s first affidavit at paras 25–27.

and the execution of these tolling agreements is prima facie evidence that
TPPI has confirmed the continuation of the Lease by conduct.

19 The above must be viewed against the fact that Nippon knew that TPPI
entered into the tolling agreements and did not ask for the return of the
Catalysts from December 2012 to August 2016. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Basya’s second affidavit at paras 6–7.

Additionally, it is noteworthy that Mr Andreas Rialas (“Mr Rialas”) was on
TPPI’s board of directors from 25 March 2015 to 3 June 2016, and voted in
favour of a board resolution approving TPPI’s entry into a fresh tolling
agreement in October 2015. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Basya’s second affidavit at para 7.

This is significant because Mr Rialas is the chief investment officer of The
Argo Group Ltd, and is the fund manager of various Argo funds that control all
of Nippon’s shares. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Andreas’ affidavit at para 1.1.1.

That he voted in favour of TPPI entering into a tolling agreement supports the
inference that Nippon was content to let TPPI use the Catalysts under the
Lease while the parties negotiated a new lease agreement.

20 But Nippon objects to this analysis, averring that Mr Rialas was not
Nippon’s nominee director. They contend that he was instead the nominee
director of Argo Capital BV and Argo Fund Ltd, neither of which owns Nippon.
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Nippon’s Further Submissions at paras 3.1.1–3.1.2.

They also seek to downplay the significance of Mr Rialas voting in favour of
TPPI entering into a fresh tolling agreement by pointing out that he had a
duty to vote in the best interests of TPPI. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Nippon’s Further Submissions at para 3.1.5.

I do not think that these submissions bring Nippon very far. It may be true
that Mr Rialas was not strictly speaking Nippon’s nominee director in TPPI.
But one cannot ignore the fact that he was the manager of funds that
controlled all of Nippon’s shares. Further, while I accept that Mr Rialas had
a duty to act in TPPI’s best interests, the point remains that Nippon did not
demand the return of the Catalysts at that time. Therefore, the prima facie
evidence is that Nippon knew and acquiesced to TPPI using the Catalysts.

21 TPPI’s act of entering into the tolling agreements must also be assessed
against the backdrop of the parties’ correspondence during the material
period. From the correspondence, it appears that Nippon itself took the
position that the Lease continued to operate while the parties negotiated a
new lease agreement. In this regard, the following correspondence between the
parties as they negotiated on a new lease are noteworthy: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

TPPI’s Written Submissions at para 48.

(a) On 8 November 2013, Nippon stated in an e-mail to TPPI that the existing
Lease was “still in full force and effect and will remain so until the [CA]
has been implemented” [emphasis added]. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Basya’s first affidavit at p 95.

The CA was executed in December 2012, and it is clear from this e-mail that
Nippon treated the Lease as still being operative notwithstanding that the CA
had ostensibly terminated all of the parties’ pre-existing agreements.

(b) On 18 February 2014, in another e-mail from Nippon to TPPI about the
parties’ then-ongoing negotiations, Nippon again treated the Lease as still
being in effect. It made extensive reference to an “existing lease” and
referred to provisions under the Lease that it sought to incorporate into the
new lease that was being negotiated. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Basya’s first affidavit at pp 98–99.

(c) On 13 August 2014, Nippon sent to TPPI a letter captioned “Catalyst
Lease”. The letter sought from TPPI payments for use of the Catalysts during
the “Pertamina tolling period from November 2013 to May 2014”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Andreas’ affidavit at p 190.

As no new lease had been entered into between the parties at that time, the
title “Catalyst Lease” can only refer to the Lease.

(d) On 8 August 2016, Nippon sent to TPPI another letter captioned “Catalyst
Lease – Notice of Cessation of use of Catalyst”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Basya’s first affidavit at pp 102–103.

Once again, no new lease had been agreed upon by the parties when this letter
was sent. The phrase “Catalyst Lease” can hence only refer to the Lease. In
this letter, Nippon threatened to take legal action against TPPI if the latter
continued to use the Catalysts. It is also clear from this letter that Nippon
took the position that TPPI had confirmed the continuation of the Lease under
the CA:

[Nippon] notes that TPPI has elected since the PKPU and the subsequent tolling
arrangement beginning November 2013 to utilize the Catalyst. By doing so TPPI
has impliedly consented to the continuation of the Lease on all its applicable
commercial terms until such time as any other written agreement is made
between TPPI and [Nippon]. [emphasis added]

(e) On 31 January 2017, Nippon issued an invoice to TPPI for “arrears” and
“rent” due to Nippon for the “Lease of Catalyst” for the period “November,
2013 up to and including May 21, 2013 and November 2015 to January 2017”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Basya’s first affidavit at pp 105–106.

Again, the “Lease of Catalysts” can only refer to the Lease since the parties
have not executed a new lease.

22 The above suggests that Nippon viewed the Lease as still being in effect,
and that it saw itself as being entitled to payments under the Lease. Nippon,
however, contends otherwise, arguing that its correspondence to TPPI does not
support a finding that it treated the Lease as being operative. Among other
things, it highlights an e-mail dated 24 April 2014 wherein it wrote that it
was “quite outrageous that TPPI [was] using the Catalysts without a formal
agreement” [emphasis added]. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Andreas’ affidavit at p 187; Nippon’s Written Submissions at para 3.4.11(d).

Nippon also points out that its invoice dated 31 January 2017 seeks payment
from TPPI for the use of the Catalysts at a rate of US$875,000 per month,
which is less than the rental rate under the Lease. This is not disputed by
TPPI, and according to Nippon, this shows that it was not claiming rent under
the Lease. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Minute Sheet (11 April 2018) at p 5.

23 While the e-mail dated 24 April 2014 does suggest that Nippon did not treat
the Lease as being operative, one has to analyse the evidence holistically and
consider all the other pieces of correspondence where it treated the Lease as
subsisting. In particular, I note its letter dated 8 August 2016 (see [21(d)]
above) wherein it set out clearly its position that TPPI had “impliedly
consented to the continuation of the Lease” under the CA. Further, although
the rate of US$875,000 per month was lower than the rental rate under the
Lease, it is equally impossible to ignore the fact that the invoice was for
the “Lease of Catalyst” and for “arrears” and “rent” (see [21(e)] above).
Indeed, there is no evidence to show that “arrears’ and “rent” can reasonably
mean anything else except the rent due under the Lease.

24 Accordingly, when examined against the fact that TPPI continued to use the
Catalysts pursuant to the tolling agreements that it had entered into with
Nippon’s knowledge, Nippon’s correspondence to TPPI constitutes prima facie
evidence that the parties treated the Lease (and hence the Arbitration Clause)
as binding on them. It also shows prima facie that there was an understanding
between the parties that the existing Lease would continue to govern TPPI’s
use of the Catalysts until a new agreement was put in place. Nippon took the
position that the Lease continued to operate, and that it was entitled to
claim rent under the Lease. It cannot now come to court and blow hot and cold,
deciding that the Lease is no longer operative simply because it does not wish
to arbitrate.

25 At this juncture, I pause to address Nippon’s contention that TPPI was not
entitled to confirm the continuation of the Lease under the CA because the
Lease had expired in December 2010 and was no longer “remaining in effect”
when the CA was executed. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Nippon’s Written Submissions at para 3.3.4.

This argument ignores the evidence which prima facie shows that the parties
treated the Lease as continuing up to the point that the CA was entered into.
First, as I have examined above, Nippon’s argument runs against the grain of
its correspondence to TPPI, where it took the position that TPPI had elected
to continue the Lease even after the CA had been executed. Second, Nippon has
adduced no evidence contradicting TPPI’s averment that the parties envisioned
that TPPI would continue using the Catalysts even after the Lease had formally
expired. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Basya’s first affidavit at para 18.

On the contrary, I observe that cl 15.2 of the LA (which was not modified by
the HA) provides for the possibility of TPPI holding on to the Catalysts after
the Lease period had expired, and that the terms of Lease would continue to
apply in such a situation. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Lease Agreement in Basya’s first affidavit at p 30.

Third, although Nippon claims that the Lease expired on 31 December 2010, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Andreas’ affidavit at para 2.3.6.

the evidence is that it did not demand the return of the Catalysts until 28
September 2012, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Andreas’ affidavit at para 2.3.8; Minute Sheet (11 April 2018) at p 3.

which is almost two years after the Lease had formally expired.

26 For the above reasons, I find that the Lease and the Arbitration Clause
prima facie continue to operate to bind the parties. The parties do not
dispute that whether the Lease remained valid is matter which fell within the
provision of the Arbitration Clause and is to be determined by an arbitral
tribunal. I reiterate – at this point, the court is not tasked to examine the
full merits of the parties’ case but applies only a prima facie standard of
review.

Whether the dispute falls within the scope of the Arbitration Clause

27 I now examine whether the present dispute (ie, the Conversion Claim) falls
within the scope of the Arbitration Clause. The Court of Appeal in Tomolugen
at [108] set out a two-stage process in considering whether a dispute is
covered by an arbitration agreement. First, the court must determine what the
matters are in the court proceedings. Second, the court must ascertain whether
the matters fall within the scope of the arbitration clause on its true
construction. As for the approach to be taken in construing arbitration
clauses, the Court of Appeal in Larsen Oil and Gas Pte Ltd v Petroprod Ltd (in
official liquidation in the Cayman Islands and in compulsory liquidation in
Singapore) [2011] 3 SLR 414 (“Larsen Oil”) noted at [20] that the court takes
a “generous approach towards construing the scope of an arbitration clause”.

28 It is common ground that the Arbitration Clause captures disputes
concerning the validity of the Lease. The parties also agree that the question
of whether and when the Lease expired is also caught by the clause. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Minute Sheet (11 April 2018) at pp 9–10.

I add only that Art 16 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration (which has the force of law in Singapore by virtue of s 3 of the
IAA) confers on an arbitral tribunal the jurisdiction to “rule on its own
jurisdiction, including any objections with respect to the existence or
validity of the arbitration agreement”.

29 Nippon maintains that the Conversion Claim falls beyond the ambit of the
Arbitration Clause because the Conversion Claim is in tort and the relief it
seeks are unconnected to the Lease. For instance, it highlights that it is
claiming damages at the rate of only US$1.25m a month, whereas the Lease
provides for rent at the rate of US$2.25m a month. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Nippon’s Further Submissions at paras 2.2.5–2.2.6.

It also notes that the Lease does not entitle it to claim the market value of
the Catalysts, which it seeks from TPPI in the alternative. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Nippon’s Further Submissions at para 2.2.10.

30 In my judgment, Nippon’s action against TPPI is in substance intricately
tied to the Lease, and it is irrelevant that its causes of action are framed
in tort rather than contract. The Court of Appeal in Larsen Oil at [12]–[14]
and [19] (and referring to its previous decision in Tjong Very Sumito and
others v Antig Investments Pte Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732) recognised that in
construing arbitration clauses generously, words such as “any dispute” are
wide enough to include any matter related to the contract even if the
underlying action is based in tort. As the Court of Appeal stated in Tomolugen
at [125] and [126], “the court must consider the underlying basis and true
nature of the issue or claim, and is not limited solely to the manner in which
it is pleaded” and emphasised the importance of identifying the “substance of
the controversy”.

31 The fact that Nippon’s claim is intrinsically tied to the Lease is apparent
from its Statement of Claim (“the SOC”), where it is clear that it is relying
on its rights under the Lease in its Conversion and Conspiracy Claims. For
instance, in paras 2.1.6 and 3.1.2 of the SOC, Nippon claims that it was the
owner of the Catalysts and that it is entitled to immediate possession of them
“since the expiry of the Lease Agreement on 31 December 2010”. Additionally,
in para 3.1.3 of the SOC, Nippon states that “[f]rom 1 January 2011” TPPI has
unlawfully retained the Catalysts and used them as if they were its own
without Nippon’s consent. In para 3.1.4 of the SOC, Nippon claims that TPPI is
under a continuing legal obligation to return the Catalysts “following the
expiry of the [Lease]”. The references to Nippon’s rights under the Lease are
repeated in the paragraphs concerning the Conspiracy Claim (see eg, para
4.1.3(c)–(d) of the SOC).

32 In the same vein, that Nippon is limiting its claim to the period after 5
November 2012 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Statement of Claim at para 3.2.6.

does not change the premise of Nippon’s cause of action, which is that TPPI
failed to return the Catalysts after the expiry of the Lease period. In
seeking to make a claim only from 6 November 2012, Nippon was merely limiting
its relief. Indeed, it had no choice but to do so because the debt owed to it
by TPPI from 1 January 2011 and 5 November 2012 already had been compromised
and settled by way of the CA (as Nippon acknowledged in para 2.2.3 of the
SOC).

33 I therefore find that the Conversion Claim falls within the scope of the
Arbitration Clause.

The survival of the Arbitration Clause

34 The above is sufficient to dispose of the question of whether there was a
valid arbitration agreement. Nevertheless, for completeness, I proceed to
examine TPPI’s alternative case that even if the Lease had expired on 31
December 2010, the Arbitration Clause nevertheless applies to capture Nippon’s
claim (particularly the Conversion Claim) against TPPI.

35 In this regard, TPPI submits that the Arbitration Clause is applicable even
if the Lease is found to have been terminated by the CA. To this end, it
argues that Nippon’s claim is in substance one of TPPI “holding over” the
Catalysts from the expiry of the lease period. It points out that cl 15.2 of
the LA expressly provides that the terms under the LA continue to apply during
any “holding over” period, and thus the Arbitration Clause continues to apply
till today because it continues to hold on to the Catalysts. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

TPPI’s Further Submissions at paras 7–13.

36 I start by noting that an arbitration clause can survive the termination of
the main contract. As noted in Gary Born, International Commercial
Arbitration, Vol I (Wolters Kluwer, 2nd Ed, 2014) at pp 888–889:

The separability presumption is also a cogent explanation for an arbitration
clause’s survival, as a substantive matter, after mutually-agreed termination
of the underlying contract. As the Swiss Federal Tribunal has reasoned:

“[T]he arbitration agreement does not necessarily share … the outcome of the
main contract … [T]his also applies where the parties terminate the principal
contract by mutual agreement, but in that case, as a general rule, one should
accept that insofar as the parties have not expressly provided otherwise, they
also intend to retain their arbitration agreement for disputes concerning the
consequences of the termination of the contract.”

That is, as a substantive matter, the arbitration agreement not only might
not, but virtually always will not, terminate with the termination of the
underlying contract… Rather, the parties’ intention will presumptively be that
they do not intend to terminate their arbitration agreement, or to permit
unilateral termination of that agreement, but rather to leave the arbitration
agreement in place to resolve whatever disputes that may subsequently come to
light concerning the past performance of their contract or the termination of
that contract.

… As a practical matter, commercial parties virtually never intend to
terminate an arbitration agreement that they have concluded; they instead
intend to terminate their underlying contract while leaving their agreed
dispute resolution mechanism in place for any disputes that may in the future
emerge from their contract while it was in effect.

[emphasis added]

37 Nippon does not dispute this principle and its applicability to the present
case. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Nippon’s Written Submissions at para 3.2.3.

Certainly, it is noteworthy in this connection that cl 14.2(f) of the LA
provides that the Arbitration Clause “shall survive the termination of [the
Lease] by whomsoever and due to whatsoever reason”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Lease Agreement in Basya’s first affidavit at p 29.

38 However, Nippon also submits that a surviving arbitration agreement can
only apply to disputes that arises during the period that the main contract
was still in force. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Nippon’s Written Submissions at para 3.2.3.

Nippon thus contends that the Arbitration Clause can only cover disputes
concerning events that occurred before the Lease ceased to have effect.
According to Nippon, the Arbitration Clause is inapplicable in this case
because its claim in the Suit pertains to the period after 5 December 2012,
which is about two years after the Lease had expired.

39 I disagree. As TPPI notes, Nippon’s claim is at heart about TPPI’s
retention of the Catalysts immediately after the Lease period had expired or
terminated. Put another way, it is about TPPI’s failure to meet its
obligations under cl 11 of the LA to return the Catalysts “upon the
termination of the Lease Term”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Lease Agreement in Basya’s first affidavit at p 27.

TPPI further points out that cl 15.2 of the LA provides for such a situation,
and the provision states that “[TPPI’s] obligations under [the Lease] (whether
express or implied) bind [TPPI] during the Lease Term for each item of the
Catalysts and any period of holding-over” [emphasis added]. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Lease Agreement in Basya’s first affidavit at p 30; TPPI’s Further Submissions
at para 10.

It thus follows that the current dispute is one that arose from when the Lease
was still in effect, and is one that is intricately connected to the Lease.
Here, I note Nippon’s objection that the term “holding over” is typically
applied to leases of real property. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Nippon’s Further Submissions at para 2.2.12.

But it is clear that the phrase “holding over” is not used as a term of art
under cl 15.2 of the LA, but is instead used to refer to the situation where
TPPI holds on to the Catalysts after the expiry of the Lease period.

40 The cases relied upon by Nippon for the proposition that disputes arising
after the expiry of the main contract are beyond the reach of an arbitration
clause can be distinguished. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Nippon’s Written Submissions at paras 3.2.4–3.2.5.

(a) In Linglong Americas, Inc v Horizon Tire, Inc 666 Fed Appx 445 (6th
Circuit, 2016), the parties entered into a “Collaboration Agreement” under
which it was agreed that the defendant (“Horizon”) would be the sole
distributor in America of tires produced by the plaintiff (“Linglong”). The
Collaboration Agreement contained an arbitration clause, and it subsequently
expired in 2011. Despite its expiry, the parties continued their collaboration
until a dispute arose around 2014 when it was discovered that Linglong was
selling its own tires in America. Horizon brought a suit against Linglong,
which sought to compel arbitration under the Collaboration Agreement. The
Sixth Circuit dismissed Linglong’s application (to dismiss or stay for
arbitration Horizon’s counterclaim to a separate claim filed by Linglong) as
Horizon’s claims were not based on any rights created by the Collaboration
Agreement. This is because Horizon had unequivocally and irrevocably waived
any claim based on a continuing obligation created by that agreement. After
the Collaboration Agreement had expired, the parties’ dealings, and the
ensuing dispute, were not based on the Collaboration Agreement. Hence
Horizon’s claim against Linglong was not caught by the arbitration clause.

(b) In Local 703, International Brotherhood of Teamsters v Kennicott Bros Co
771 F.2d 300 (7th Circuit, 1985), the defendant (“Kennicott”) and the
plaintiff, a union, entered into a collective-bargaining agreement that
expired in October 1981. The parties entered into negotiations for a
replacement agreement but failed to reach an agreement before a dispute arose
due to the discharge of one of Kennicott’s employees. Relying on the
arbitration clause in the expired collective-bargaining agreement, the union
sought to compel arbitration of the dispute. The Seventh Circuit court
dismissed the union’s application, noting that the “events triggering the
grievances… occurred more than six months after the [collective-bargaining
agreement] expired”.

(c) In BCY v BCZ [2017] 3 SLR 357, the issue there was that the arbitration
agreement remained subject to contract, and the court found that no binding
arbitration agreement was formed before the main contract was concluded.

41 In the present case, neither party is relying on a contract that has not
been executed or concluded (ie, a new lease agreement). Moreover, even if the
Lease did not continue to have effect after 31 December 2010, Nippon’s
Conversion Claim emerges from the Lease and concerns the immediate
consequences of the termination of the Lease. Nippon’s right to immediate
possession of the Catalysts was a right borne out of cl 11.1 of the LA, which
survived the expiration of the Lease itself. Unlike Kennicott, this was not a
case in which there were months between the expiration of the main contract
and “the events triggering the grievances”. In the present case, “the events
triggering the grievances” (ie, the right to immediate possession and any
unpaid rent) arose when Nippon claimed that the Lease had expired, even if
Nippon may have chosen to sue or bring an action only in 2017.

42 For the above reasons, even if the Lease has been terminated and is no
longer binding on the parties, I find that the Arbitration Clause has prima
facie survived the termination and continues to apply. Nippon argues that such
a conclusion means that it would have to arbitrate every dispute arising from
TPPI’s continued possession of the Catalysts, even if legal proceedings are
initiated years after the expiry of the Lease period. This argument is neither
here nor there. Nippon and TPPI negotiated the wording of the Arbitration
Clause as commercial parties with equal bargaining power. It does not lie in
Nippon’s mouth to argue that it should not be bound to the effect of the said
clause.

Conclusion on TPPI’s Arbitration Application

43 In the premises, I find that TPPI has established a prima facie case that
there was a valid arbitration agreement between Nippon and TPPI on the
Conversion Claim, and that the claim fell within the scope of that agreement
which was not null and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed. The
Conversion Claim is thus subject to the mandatory stay under s 6 of the IAA. I
add that although the Conspiracy Claim and Joint Tortfeasor Claim are not
covered by the Arbitration Clause, and Nippon had joined Pertamina in the
Joint Tortfeasor Claim and brought the Conspiracy Claim against both TPPI and
Pertamina, this would not take the Conversion Claim outside the ambit of the
Lease and Arbitration Clause (see Tomolugen where a similar situation arose
with regard to a suit with various claims and multiple defendants).

Pertamina’s Jurisdiction Application

44 Pertamina’s Jurisdiction Application comprises three grounds. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

HC/SUM 4115/2017.

First, it seeks to discharge the ex parte order granted to Nippon to serve out
of jurisdiction. Second, and in the alternative, it seeks to stay Nippon’s
action against it on the basis that Singapore is not the proper forum for the
dispute. Third, and also in the alternative, it urges the court to stay
proceedings on the basis of the court’s inherent power of case management. The
AR granted Pertamina’s Jurisdiction Application on the first ground and
discharged the ex parte order granting Nippon leave to serve out of
jurisdiction.

General principles

45 I begin by considering whether the ex parte order granting Nippon leave to
serve out of jurisdiction should be set aside or whether a stay of proceedings
should be granted on the basis that Singapore is not the proper forum. The
requirements for service out of jurisdiction are well-established (Zoom
Communications Ltd v Broadcast Solutions Pte Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 500 (“Zoom
Communications”) at [26]. First, the plaintiff’s claim must come within one of
the heads of claim in O 11 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev
Ed) (“ROC”). Second, it must have a sufficient degree of merit. Third,
Singapore must be the proper forum for the trial of the action.

46 With respect to the last requirement, it is trite that the applicable test
is the Spiliada test as laid down in Spiliada Maritime Corp v Cansulex Ltd
[1987] AC 460. In Rappo, Tania v Accent Delight International Ltd and another
and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 265 (“Accent Delight”), the Court of Appeal
noted at [68] that there are two stages to the Spiliada test. First, the court
determines whether there is prima facie some other available forum that is
more appropriate for the case to be tried. Second, if so, the court will stay
the action (or not grant leave to serve out of jurisdiction, as the case may
be) unless justice requires that the Singapore courts exercise their
jurisdiction. In determining whether Singapore is the most appropriate forum,
the court looks at the following incidences or connections (Accent Delight at
[71]):

[F]irst, the personal connections of the parties and the witnesses; second,
the connections to relevant events and transactions; third, the applicable law
to the dispute; fourth, the existence of proceedings elsewhere (that is, lis
alibi pendens); and fifth, the “shape of the litigation”, which is shorthand
for the manner in which the claim and the defence have been pleaded.

47 It should be emphasised that none of these factors are determinative, and
the court does not engage in a box-checking exercise to see which jurisdiction
has the largest number of “points of contact” with the dispute (Accent Delight
at [70]). The court ultimately seeks to determine the “forum which is the more
suitable for the ends of justice, and is preferable because pursuit of the
litigation in that forum is more likely to secure those ends” (Accent Delight
at [72]).

48 On this note, the Court of Appeal in Zoom Communications has held at [77]
that “the substance of the Spiliada test does not differ regardless of whether
the inquiry on the proper forum takes place as part of a challenge to the
existence of the local court’s jurisdiction, or as part of an application for
a stay of proceedings on improper forum grounds”. The difference lies in the
burden of proof. Where a plaintiff seeks leave to serve out of jurisdiction,
the burden lies on him to prove that Singapore is the proper forum. This is so
even when the defendant challenges the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts in
setting aside an order granting leave to serve out of jurisdiction. However,
where a defendant seeks to stay proceedings on improper forum grounds, the
burden is on him to show that Singapore is not the proper forum. That being
said, in the final analysis, the court will “collapse the issue of proper
forum into one question considered in the round” (Zoom Communications at [71],
[77] and [80]).

Whether Nippon’s claims fall within O 11 r (1)(f)(ii) and (p)

49 Nippon argues that the ex parte order should not have been set aside
because it falls within O 11 r (1)(f)(ii) and (p) of the ROC.

50 I start with O 11 r (1)(f)(ii), which provides that service out of
Singapore is permissible with leave if:

the claim is wholly or partly founded on, or is for the recovery of damages in
respect of, damage suffered in Singapore caused by a tortious act or omission
where occurring

51 Nippon argues that its claim fails within this rule (ie, that there is
“damage suffered in Singapore”) because it is a Singapore entity with a bank
account in Singapore, and because all payments by TPPI were to be made to its
Singapore bank account. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Nippon’s Letter dated 19 April 2018 at para 9.

In my judgment this, in itself, is insufficient to bring it within O 11 r
(1)(f)(ii). The fact that a plaintiff has a bank account in Singapore that it
uses to transact with a defendant, which then fails to make payments into that
bank account, does not necessarily lead to the conclusion that the plaintiff
thus suffers damage in Singapore.

52 In Metall Und Rohstoff AG v Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Inc [1990] 1 QB
391, which Nippon relies on, the English Court of Appeal stated (at 437) that
whilst it is not necessary that all the damage must be sustained within the
jurisdiction, there must be some “significant” damage that is suffered in the
jurisdiction. In that case, the Court found (at 449) that the plaintiff had
suffered significant damage within the jurisdiction (ie, London). Not only did
it not receive the ledger credit payment which should have been made in
London, it also did not receive warrants which should have been delivered in
London and suffered the detrimental closing out of its accounts in London.
Moreover, security that should have been available to the plaintiff in London
was wrongly charged in London and paid out of London. In the present case,
Nippon has not explained in any of its affidavits how it has suffered damage,
let alone significant damage, just because TPPI had failed to make the
payments to its Singapore bank account.

53 In this regard, Pertamina refers to Alfred Dunhill Ltd v Diffusion
Internationale de Maroquinerie de Prestige SARL and others [2001] 1 All ER
(Comm) 950 at 962, to support its case that it is insufficient to show that a
plaintiff has a bank account within the jurisdiction:

[T]he fact that the ultimate financial loss may have been felt by the claimant
in his principal place of business, where his bank accounts are located, does
not mean that that damage had occurred at that place for the purposes of art
5(3) – otherwise, in most cases of financial loss, the exception would
establish jurisdiction at the place of the domicile of the claimant, a result
which these cases made clear a court should lean against.

Although that case was concerned with Art 5(3) of the Brussels Convention on
Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters
1968 (where jurisdiction can be founded in a state where, in relation to a
tort, the “harmful event occurred”), the reason undergirding the holding there
applies with equal force to O 11 r (1)(f)(ii) of the ROC.

54 As for O 11 r (1)(p), service out of Singapore is permissible with leave if
“the claim is founded on a cause of action arising in Singapore”. It has been
noted by commentators that there remains some uncertainty as to the proper
test to be applied (Singapore Civil Procedure 2018, Vol I (Sweet & Maxwell,
2018) (Foo Chee Hock, gen ed) at para 11/1/40), but it appears that the
prevailing test is to ask “where in substance did the cause of action arise”
(Kishinchand Tiloomal Bhojwani v Sunil Kishinchand Bhojwani and another [1997]
1 SLR(R) 518 at [23]; Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd and
another [2005] 2 SLR(R) 568 at [15]). To answer this question, one has to look
at the place of the torts alleged by Nippon. As I examine below, the place of
the torts is Indonesia, not Singapore.

Whether Singapore is the most convenient forum

55 In any event, even if Nippon is able to bring itself within O 11 r
(1)(f)(ii) and (p), I find that it has failed to show that Singapore is the
most convenient forum. Given that Nippon’s claims against Pertamina are
tortious in nature, the starting point of analysis is to ascertain where the
torts took place. As noted in Rickshaw Investments Ltd and another v Nicolai
Baron von Uexkull [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 (“Rickshaw Investments”) at [37], it is
a general rule that “the place where a tort occurred is prima facie the
natural forum for determining the claim”. As for how the place of a tort is to
be determined, the test to be applied is the “substance of the tort” test. To
that end, the court examines the events undergirding the elements of the tort
to ascertain where, in substance, the cause of action arose (EFT Holdings, Inc
and another v Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR
860 (“EFT Holdings”) at [53]).

56 Nippon relies on the torts of conversion, detinue, and conspiracy. In my
view, the torts took place in Indonesia, where TPPI continues to hold on to
the Catalysts. Starting with the tort of conversion, it has been observed that
“The essence of conversion lies in the unlawful appropriation of another’s
chattel, whether for the defendant’s own benefit or that of a third party”
[emphasis added] (Faith Maritime Co Ltd v Feoso (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
another action [2002] 2 SLR(R) 1088 at [114], citing Clerk and Linsell on
Torts (18th Ed, 2000)). In this case, it is indisputable that the Catalysts
are being held on to by TPPI in Indonesia. It naturally follows that the
essence of Nippon’s claim in the tort of conversion is in Indonesia.

57 As for Nippon’s action in detinue, the elements of the tort are: (a)
wrongful detention; and (b) the refusal to deliver (Gary Chan and Lee Pey
Woan, The Law of Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016) at para
11.067). Any wrongful detention of, and any refusal to return, the Catalysts
is in Indonesia. Nippon contends otherwise. It relies on the case of General
and Finance Facilities Ltd v Cooks Cars (Romford) Ltd [1963] 1 WLR 644 at 649
for the proposition that the demand for delivery of the chattel is an
essential requirement of an action in detinue, and points out that it seeks to
have the Catalysts delivered up to Singapore. Therefore, according to Nippon,
the place of the tort is Singapore. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Nippon’s Written Submissions at paras 6.2.2–6.2.3.

In my view, this argument is insufficient to tilt the analysis in Nippon’s
favour. By itself, that Nippon has requested for the Catalysts to be delivered
to it in Singapore cannot mean that the tort took place in Singapore. To reach
such a conclusion is to ignore the flipside of the analysis, which is that
TPPI’s refusal to deliver the Catalysts is rooted in Indonesia, and that the
delivery of the Catalysts would be from Indonesia. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Pertamina’s Written Submissions at para 43.

Nippon’s argument also ignores the fact that any wrongful detention of the
Catalysts is in Indonesia. Accordingly, I find that the place of the tort of
detinue is Indonesia.

58 Lastly, with respect to the tort of conspiracy, the Court of Appeal in EFT
Holdings held at [53] that the key factors of consideration in identifying the
place of the tort are the “identity, importance and location of the
conspirators, the locations where any agreements or combinations took place,
the nature and places of the concerted acts or means, the location of the
plaintiff and the places where the plaintiff suffered losses”. Both TPPI and
Pertamina (the alleged conspirators) are located in Indonesia, and it
naturally follows that any agreement forming the alleged conspiracy took place
in Indonesia. Indeed, in its SOC, Nippon identifies the entry by TPPI and
Pertamina into the tolling agreements as being part of the alleged conspiracy.
The first tolling agreement was entered as part of the CA, which was endorsed
by the Indonesian court. The conclusion that Indonesia is the place of the
tort is further reinforced by the analysis above that the place of the alleged
torts of conversion and detinue (both of which form the basis of Nippon’s
Conspiracy Claim) is Indonesia. Nippon has not adduced any evidence suggesting
that the conspirators or the salient agreements are based in Singapore.
Accordingly, it stands to reason that the place of the alleged conspiracy is
Indonesia.

59 Accordingly, Indonesia is prima facie the natural forum to determine
Nippon’s claims. However, Nippon maintains that the place of torts is
Singapore for the following reasons. First, it suggests that the court should
look at where the damage was suffered and refers to Tolofson v Jensen (1994)
120 DLR (4th) 289, which was cited extensively in Ang Ming Chuang v Singapore
Airlines Ltd (Civil Aeronautics Administration, third party) [2005] 1 SLR(R)
409, for the proposition that “where an act occurs in one place but the
consequences are directly felt elsewhere… it may well be that the consequence
would be held to constitute the wrong”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Nippon’s Written Submissions at para 6.1.5.

While that may certainly be true for some torts, Nippon itself acknowledges
that it is not a universal rule. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Nippon’s Written Submissions at para 6.1.6.

It also has not referred me to any authorities showing that that is the case
for the torts of conversion, detinue and conspiracy. Indeed, a full reading of
the relevant passage in Tolofson v Jensen at [43] makes clear that the place
of a tort is prima facie where it took place:

[I]t seems axiomatic to me that, at least as a general rule, the law to be
applied in torts is the law of the place where the activity occurred, i.e.,
the lex loci delicti. There are situations, of course, notably where an act
occurs in one place but the consequences are directly felt elsewhere, when the
issue of where the tort takes place itself raises thorny issues. In such a
case, it may well be that the consequences would be held to constitute the
wrong. [emphasis added]

60 Second, it purports to rely on the “double actionability rule” to argue
that Singapore law applies to its claims and that the proper forum is thus
Singapore. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Nippon’s Written Submissions at paras 7.3.1–7.3.3.

But as Pertamina points out, Nippon’s reliance on the double actionability
rule is misplaced. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Pertamina’s Written Submissions at paras 37–42.

The rule simply states that in order for a tort to be actionable in Singapore,
it must be actionable not only in the law of the forum, but also under the law
of the place where the wrong was committed (Rickshaw Investments at [53]). The
rule is conceptually distinct from the question of whether Singapore is the
proper forum. The rule is not intended to assist the court in locating the
proper forum; the object of the rule is one of fairness. As the Court of
Appeal explained in (EFT Holdings at [61]):

In our judgment, the primary rationale for the double actionability rule lies
in the consideration that an alleged tortfeasor who commits an act or omission
in one jurisdiction should not be liable to suit in another without being
afforded the opportunity to contend that for one reason or another, whether it
be the lack of such a head of liability or the availability of a defence in
the place where the alleged tort was committed, he would not have been liable
there and so should not be liable in the forum (see also Halsbury’s Singapore
at para 75.372).

61 Third, citing JIO Minerals FZC and others v Mineral Enterprises Ltd [2011]
1 SLR 391 at [63], Nippon argues that Pertamina has failed to adduce evidence
that foreign witnesses would at least arguably be relevant to its defence, and
that Pertamina has only made a “bare assertion” that the relevant witnesses
are likely to be located in Indonesia. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Nippon’s Written Submissions at paras 7.1.1–7.1.4.

In the same vein, Nippon also alleges that there are “few, if any substantial
disputes of fact”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Nippon’s Written Submissions at para 7.1.3.

I address both contentions in turn.

62 It is undisputed that both Pertamina and TPPI are located in Indonesia.
Without evidence to the contrary, it follows logically that their witnesses
would also be based in Indonesia. Indeed, I observe that the affidavits in
support of Pertamina’s and TPPI’s applications were affirmed in Indonesia, and
it is clear from the affidavits that their representatives are based in
Indonesia. Hence I find that Pertamina has made an arguable case that the
witnesses relevant to its defence are likely to be based in Indonesia. Next, I
disagree that there are no substantial disputes of fact underlying Nippon’s
claims. It is clear from the face of the parties’ affidavits and arguments
that there are vast disagreements over issues such as whether the parties had
treated the Lease as continuing, and whether Nippon had acquiesced to the use
of the Catalysts under the tolling agreements. Further, in both the Joint
Tortfeasor Claim and Conspiracy Claim, various factual issues would have to be
established including whether Pertamina did authorise, procure or instigate
the commission of the tort of conversion and/or detinue, and whether there was
any agreement between Pertamina and TPPI to do certain acts which were
unlawful.

Conclusion on Pertamina’s Jurisdiction Application

63 For the above reasons, I find that Indonesia is prima facie the more
appropriate forum for the action to be tried. I also add that this applies to
the Conspiracy Claim against TPPI for the same reasons as it applies in
relation to Pertamina. The question that remains is whether justice requires
that the Singapore courts exercise jurisdiction over the matter. Nippon has
not shown me why that would be so, and I find that there is no reason for the
Singapore courts to exercise jurisdiction in this case. Consequently, there is
no need for me to consider a stay on the basis of the court’s inherent power
of case management.

Conclusion and orders

64 It leaves me to decide whether I should discharge the ex parte order or to
stay the proceedings vis-à-vis Pertamina. This has to be assessed in the light
of the stay to be granted to TPPI in favour of arbitration on the Conversion
Claim but not on the Conspiracy Claim. Although I have found that the
Conversion Claim falls within the Arbitration Clause, this does not apply to
the Joint Tortfeasor Claim and Conspiracy Claim. Further, unlike Pertamina,
TPPI has neither challenged the ex parte order granting Nippon leave to serve
out of jurisdiction nor sought a stay on the basis that Singapore is not the
appropriate forum.

65 In this regard, I note the Court of Appeal’s observation in Tomolugen at
[186] that “the court, as the final arbiter, should take the lead in ensuring
the efficient and fair resolution of the dispute as a whole”. In taking the
lead, the court must strike a balance between: (a) a plaintiff’s right to
choose whom and where to sue; (b) the desire to prevent a plaintiff from
circumventing an arbitration clause; and (c) the court’s inherent power to
manage its processes to prevent an abuse of process and to ensure the
efficient and fair resolution of disputes (Tomolugen at [188]).

66 In the round, I am of the view that this is a case in which it is
appropriate to grant Pertamina a stay of proceedings. Further, as the parties
accepted, 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Minute Sheet (11 April 2018) at pp 12–13.

in the event the Conspiracy Claim is stayed against Pertamina, that claim
should also be stayed against TPPI as it ideally ought to be determined
against TPPI and Pertamina together. Having regard to the above, I order as
follows:

(a) The Conversion Claim vis-à-vis TPPI is stayed in favour of arbitration
pursuant to s 6 of the IAA.

(b) The Joint Tortfeasor Claim against Pertamina is stayed. I find that
Singapore is not the proper forum for the dispute and that Indonesia is the
more appropriate forum.

(c) The Conspiracy Claim against both TPPI and Pertamina is also stayed, for
the same reasons as the Joint Tortfeasor Claim. Both Nippon and TPPI have
agreed that, in the event that the Conspiracy Claim against Pertamina is
stayed, that claim against TPPI should also be stayed and litigated in the
same forum as it would be litigated against Pertamina. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Minute Sheet (11 April 2018) at pp 12–13.

(d) Parties are at liberty to apply.

67 I also award the costs of the appeals to TPPI and Pertamina, fixed at
$8,000 and $6,000 respectively, and inclusive of disbursements.

Audrey Lim  
Judicial Commissioner

Joseph Tay, Lee Ping and Lin Ruizi (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Chew Kei-Jin and Mabelle Tay (Ascendant Legal LLC) for the first defendant;  
Nandakumar Ponniya, Michelle Lee and Kong Xie Shern (Wong & Leow LLC) for the
second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

