Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 233

Suit No 59 of 2014

Between

POWER SOLAR SYSTEM CO LTD  
(IN LIQUIDATION)

… Plaintiff

And

SUNTECH POWER INVESTMENT PTE LTD

… Defendant

Grounds of Decision

[Credit and security] — [Money and moneylenders] — [Loans of money]

[Evidence] — [Presumptions] — [Presumption of fact in loans of money]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Interpretation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Power Solar System Co Ltd (in liquidation)

  

v

  

Suntech Power Investment Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHC 233

High Court — Suit No 59 of 2014  
Mavis Chionh JC  
14 to 17 May; 5 July 2018

25 October 2018

Mavis Chionh JC:

Introduction

1 This was an action brought by the Liquidators of the Plaintiff (Power Solar
System Co Ltd) against a company which was previously the Plaintiff’s wholly-
owned subsidiary (the Defendant, Suntech Power Investment Pte Ltd). The
Plaintiff claimed from the Defendant a total sum of US$197,501,785. According
to the Plaintiff’s case, of the total sum claimed, a sum of US$55,560,000 was
due and owing by the Defendant as the consideration for the transfer of all of
the Plaintiff’s shares in another company known as Suntech Power Co Ltd
(“Shanghai Suntech”), while the claim for the balance amount arose from loans
extended by the Plaintiff to the Defendant. The Defendant denied any liability
to repay these amounts.

2 At the conclusion of the trial, I gave judgment for the Plaintiff in the sum
of US$197,501,785 (with interest). As the Defendant has filed an appeal, I set
out below the grounds for my decision.

The parties

3 The Plaintiff is a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands
(“BVI”) and wholly owned by Suntech Power Holdings Co Ltd (“SPH”), a company
incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The Plaintiff operated as an investment
holding company, whereas SPH was a solar panel producer previously listed on
the New York Stock Exchange. SPH was the ultimate holding company for multiple
subsidiaries and affiliate companies. I will refer to this group of companies
collectively as “the Suntech Power group”. The Defendant, a company
incorporated in Singapore, was previously also part of the Suntech Power
group. The Defendant operates as an investment holding company engaged in
equity investments. Between 8 October 2007 (the date of the Defendant’s
incorporation) and 15 May 2013, it was a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Plaintiff. A chart setting out the structure of this group of companies – as
at April 2013 –– is exhibited 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Exhibit YKJ-3 of Jong’s AEIC. See also Tab A-1 of the Plaintiff’s Core Bundle
of Documents (“PCBD”).

in the affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) of Yat Kit Jong (“Jong”), one
of the Plaintiff’s joint and several liquidators. Jong is from
PricewaterhouseCoopers Consultants (Shenzhen) Ltd; the other liquidator is
John Ayres from PricewaterhouseCoopers (British Virgin Islands) Ltd. Jong was
the Plaintiff’s main witness in the trial.

4 SPH was placed into provisional liquidation on 7 November 2013. It was
subsequently placed in official liquidation on 27 January 2015. The Plaintiff
was placed into liquidation on 14 November 2013 via a sole shareholder’s
resolution passed by SPH’s joint provisional liquidators.

Undisputed background facts

5 As can be seen from the corporate structure chart at exhibit YKJ-3 (in
Jong’s AEIC), one of the Plaintiff’s other wholly-owned subsidiaries was a
company in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) known as Wuxi Suntech Power
Co Ltd (“Wuxi Suntech”) which was engaged in the manufacture of photovoltaic
(“PV”) cells and modules. Wuxi Suntech was SPH’s principal operating
subsidiary in the PRC. In March 2013, following a petition filed in the Wuxi
Intermediate People’s Court (“WIPC”), Wuxi Suntech was placed in bankruptcy
reorganisation under PRC law. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Exhibit YKJ-9 of Jong’s AEIC.

A group of ten individuals was appointed as Wuxi Suntech’s bankruptcy
administrator (“the Wuxi Administrator”).

6 On or around 15 May 2013, the Plaintiff’s shares in the Defendant and in
another wholly-owned subsidiary – Suntech Power Japan Corporation (“Suntech
Japan”) – were transferred to Wuxi Suntech, purportedly as part of a debt
restructuring exercise within the Suntech Power group. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

See [17] to [20] of Jong’s AEIC.

The details of this purported debt restructuring exercise are found in [19] of
Jong’s AEIC. The upshot of this exercise, insofar as the Plaintiff and the
Defendant were concerned, was that the Defendant became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Wuxi Suntech from 15 May 2013.

7 The above arrangement did not last long. On 12 February 2014, Wuxi Suntech
entered into an agreement with a company known as Fast Fame Global Limited
(“Fast Fame”) for the transfer to the latter of the entire equity interest in
the Defendant. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

See [26] to [27] of Jong’s AEIC. The transfer is alluded to at p 20 of the
circular forwarded by the Shunfeng board to its shareholder: exhibit YKJ-25 at
p 252 (second paragraph).

The consideration for this transfer was US$1. Fast Fame was incorporated in
the BVI on 3 January 2014 – the month prior to the transfer agreement, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Exhibit YKJ-26.

and less than a fortnight before the commencement by the Plaintiff’s
Liquidators of the present suit. The writ of summons in the present suit was
filed on 14 January 2014.

8 Subsequent to the transfer to Wuxi Suntech of its shares in the Defendant
and Suntech Japan, the Plaintiff’s shares in Wuxi Suntech itself were also
transferred away from it to an entity named Jiangsu Shunfeng Photovoltaic
Technology Co Ltd (“Jiangsu Shunfeng”). Jiangsu Shunfeng is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of a company known as Shunfeng Photovoltaic International Limited
(“Shunfeng”). It appears from disclosures made by Shunfeng to the Hong Kong
Exchanges and Clearing Limited that Jiangsu Shunfeng, Wuxi Suntech and the
Wuxi Administrator had entered into an agreement on 24 October 2013, whereby
Jiangsu Shunfeng had agreed to purchase the entire equity interest in Wuxi
Suntech for RMB3,000,000,000 on condition that the plan for the reorganisation
of Wuxi Suntech received approval from the WIPC and from its shareholders. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

See [23] of Jong’s AEIC.

The requisite approval was obtained from the WIPC on 15 November 2013 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Exhibit YKJ-22.

and from shareholders on 7 April 2014. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Exhibit YKJ-23.

9 Following the transfer of the Defendant to Fast Fame at the price of US$1,
new directors were appointed to the Defendant’s board. One of them is Bai Yun,
who has affirmed most of the affidavits filed by the Defendant in the
proceedings leading up to this trial. The Defendant has not disputed the
Plaintiff’s assertion that in addition to being a director of the Defendant,
Bai Yun is also an officer of another PRC company known as Asia Pacific
(China) Investment Management Co Ltd. Nor has the Defendant denied that Asia
Pacific (China) Investment Management Co Ltd is itself a subsidiary of a
company known as Asia Pacific Resources Development Investment Ltd; and that
Asia Pacific Resources Development Investment Ltd is controlled by one Zheng
Jianming, who is also the controlling shareholder of Shunfeng and Wuxi
Suntech. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See [28] to [30] of Jong’s AEIC.

10 The Defendant has also not denied that following its transfer to Fast Fame
in February 2014, it proceeded in March 2014 to divest itself of a number of
wholly-owned subsidiaries. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

See transcript of 15 May 2018, 18:15 to 20:16.

11 On 4 September 2014, the Plaintiff applied successfully for a worldwide
Mareva injunction against the Defendant. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Order of court given by Justice Judith Prakash (ORC 5888/2014).

This Mareva injunction still stands.

12 The trial of this matter was originally scheduled to commence on 22 May
2017 but this earlier set of trial dates was vacated after the Defendant filed
its second application to strike out the Plaintiff’s claim on 4 May 2017, its
first application having been made without success in January 2015. The second
striking-out application was also dismissed and the Defendant later withdrew
its appeal against that dismissal.

Summary of the parties’ cases

13 The total sum of US$197,501,785 claimed by the Plaintiff in this suit
comprises the following items:

(a) A loan of US$1,513,000 made by the Plaintiff to the Defendant on 24
September 2008. The money was used by the Defendant for payments to third
parties in relation to an investment in an Australian mining project; 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See [42] to [43] of Jong’s AEIC.

(b) A loan of US$27,000,015 made by the Plaintiff to the Defendant on 10
November 2010. This sum was used by the Defendant for a shareholder loan to
Rietech Investments Ltd (Hong Kong) (“Rietech”), which in turn used the money
to make a capital injection into Zhengjiang Ren De New Energy Science &
Technology Co Ltd (“Zhengjiang Ren De”);

(c) A loan totalling US$123,428,770 made by the Plaintiff to the Defendant in
two parts: the first being the sum of US$103,428,770 lent on 17 December 2010,
and the second being the sum of US$20m lent on 24 December 2010. The monies
were used by the Defendant to purchase shares in two companies – Best
Treasures Consultants Ltd (“Best Treasures”) and Invest Wise Enterprises Ltd
(“Invest Wise”); 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

See [60] to [63] of Jong’s AEIC.

(d) A sum of US$55,560,000 being the consideration due from the Defendant for
the Plaintiff’s shares in Shanghai Suntech. The Plaintiff transferred its 100%
shareholding in Shanghai Suntech to the Defendant pursuant to an equity
transfer agreement dated 8 August 2008 (“the Equity Transfer Agreement”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

See [74] to [76] of Jong’s AEIC.

This Equity Transfer Agreement was governed by PRC law.

14 The Plaintiff’s case was that the loans in question were unsecured,
interest-free and repayable on demand; and that the unpaid share consideration
was also repayable on demand pursuant to Art 3.2 of the Equity Transfer
Agreement.

15 In respect of the loans, the Defendant stated in its amended Defence that
it put the Plaintiff to strict proof of the relevant transfers of monies, and
also denied in any event that these were loans or that it bore any liability
to repay the monies. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

See [7] to [8C] of the Defence (Amendment No 2) at Tab 9 of the Setting Down
Bundle (“SDB”).

The Defendant also asserted in its amended Defence that these transactions
“were not duly authorised by the Defendant and/or undertaken in the best
interests of the Defendant”; and that “in any event, the Plaintiff ceased to
have any relevant right of action against the Defendant in respect of all or
part of such alleged liability, following upon the acquisition by Wuxi Suntech
of the Plaintiff’s interests in the Defendant”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

See [8(d)] of the Defence (Amendment No 2) at Tab 9 of the SDB.

16 In respect of the unpaid share consideration, the Defendant stated in its
amended Defence that it put the Plaintiff to strict proof that “its alleged
right to payment of the alleged consideration … had accrued, which is not
admitted”. The Defendant also asserted, in the alternative, that “the
Plaintiff ceased to have any relevant right of action against the Defendant in
respect of all or part of such alleged liability, following upon the
acquisition by Wuxi Suntech of the Plaintiff’s interests in the Defendant”;
further, or alternatively, that any right which the Plaintiff might have to
payment of the share consideration was time-barred under PRC law.

17 By way of background: the above-mentioned three loans were not the only
loan transactions which the Liquidators said they had identified during their
inquiries into the Plaintiff’s financial affairs. As may be seen from [66] of
Jong’s AEIC, the Liquidators identified – as between the Plaintiff and the
Defendant – a number of loan transactions totalling US$217,044,546.63 for the
period from 2007 to 2013, although it should be noted that this figure does
not take into account a repayment of US$10m made by the Defendant to the
Plaintiff on 12 September 2008. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

See [67] of Jong’s AEIC.

As for the claim for the unpaid share consideration of US$55,560,000, it may
be seen from [71] to [77] of Jong’s AEIC that this represented – according to
the Liquidators – one of two equity transfer transactions where the
consideration for the transfer of shares from the Plaintiff to the Defendant
was outstanding from the latter. The summary of all the loan transactions and
equity transfer transactions identified by the Liquidators for the period 2007
to 2011 may be seen in the table at [87] of Jong’s AEIC, which shows them as
totalling US$288,602,584.12. According to Jong, in bringing the present suit,
the Liquidators had elected for various reasons to pursue claims only in
respect of the above three loans and the unpaid share consideration of
US$55,560,000. As will be seen, this became something the Defendant sought to
take issue with during the trial.

18 In the course of the trial, the Plaintiff called two factual witnesses –
Jong and also an auditor Seah Gek Choo from Deloitte & Touche LLP of Singapore
(“Deloitte”) (previously the Defendant’s statutory auditors) – as well as one
expert witness who testified on various aspects of PRC law relating to the
construction of the Equity Transfer Agreement.

19 In the lead-up to the trial, the Defendant had informed that in addition to
calling its own PRC law expert (“Sun”), it also intended to call a factual
witness. This was one He Yue, who was stated to be an officer of Shanghai
Suntech and whom the Defendant said had conducted an investigation into the
transactions in issue in the Plaintiff’s claims. An AEIC was filed on behalf
of He Yue in which – inter alia – allegations of fraud were made about the
underlying treatment of those transactions. However, the Defendant did not at
any point apply to amend its pleadings to include these allegations of fraud.
In any event, after the Plaintiff had closed its case, the Defendant disclosed
that it had decided not to call He Yue. In the circumstances, He Yue’s AEIC
was not admitted as evidence in the trial. The Defendant did not call any
other witness apart from its PRC law expert.

Summary of the key evidence relied on by the Plaintiff

20 In bringing this action, the Liquidators of the Plaintiff relied primarily
on accounting and financial documents. These included the following:

(a) the underlying transaction documents, such as bank statements,
instructions to the banks, and debit and credit notes;

(b) the reporting packages of the Plaintiff and the Defendant. Jong described
these as being like a “management account”, prepared on a monthly basis; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

See transcript of 15 May 2018, 99:16 to 99:18.

(c) the Defendant’s audited financial statements for the financial years
ending 31 December 2009, 31 December 2010 and 31 December 2011;

(d) where applicable, contractual documents such as the Equity Transfer
Agreement; and

(e) documents relating to the Wuxi debt restructuring exercise.

21 Jong explained that because the main operations of the Suntech Power Group
took place in Wuxi, the accounting team in Wuxi handled not only Wuxi
Suntech’s accounting functions but also the accounting functions of the
Plaintiff, the Defendant and SPH. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

See transcript of 16 May 2018, 73:24 to 74:24.

This accounting team was split into two when Wuxi Suntech was placed in
bankruptcy administration, such that there came to be two accounting teams –
one based in Wuxi Suntech and one in SPH. According to Jong, it was after Wuxi
Suntech came under bankruptcy administration that the Liquidators encountered
difficulties in obtaining financial documents from its accounting team. The
Liquidators were permitted by the Wuxi administrator to download soft copies
of such documents or to take photocopies, but were not able to obtain the
originals of any of these documents. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

See transcript of 15 May 2018, 95:21 to 97:5.

As for the reporting packages, these were provided to the Liquidators by the
Wuxi Suntech accounting team between end-2013 and early 2014, but with
Shunfeng’s acquisition of Wuxi Suntech, “the information flow to [the
Liquidators] reduced”, such that by the later part of 2014, they were only
able to obtain the reporting packages for the Plaintiff and SPH. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

See transcript of 15 May 2018, 99:4 to 99:25.

22 At the start of the trial, the Defendant had indicated that it was
objecting to the authenticity of all the documents relied on by the Plaintiff.
This objection to authenticity was later withdrawn in the course of the trial,
although (as will be seen) the Defendant continued to maintain its objections
to the reliability and sufficiency of the Plaintiff’s documentary evidence.

23 I will set out below the key pieces of evidence relied on by the Plaintiff
in its claims on the three loans and the unpaid share consideration.

Evidence relied on by the Plaintiff for the US$1,513,000 loan

24 In respect of the claim for the loan of US$1,513,000, the Plaintiff
produced documentary evidence, first, of the fund transfer it had made to the
Defendant on 24 September 2008. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Exhibit YKJ-33.

These documents comprised the Plaintiff’s payment application form,
instructions by the Plaintiff to ABN Singapore on 23 September 2008 for the
fund transfer, the ensuing bank debit advice of the same date, the
corresponding credit advice of 24 September 2008, and the Plaintiff’s
accounting ledger showing the US$1,513,000 booked in the inter-company balance
as a receivable from the Defendant, with the comments “transfer from PSS [ie,
the Plaintiff] to Singapore”.

25 The Plaintiff’s case was that this loan of US$1,513,000 was used by the
Defendant to pay US$1.5m to a company named Koolgarra Mining Pty Ltd as
“Initial Funding” for an investment in an Australian mining project, and also
to pay AUD13,174.82 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

It does not appear to be disputed that per the exchange rates at the material
time in 2008, this amount of AUD13,174.82 translated into US$11,298.72: see
the debit advice from ABN Singapore at page 545 of Jong’s AEIC (exhibit
YKJ-34).

to an Australian law firm (M/s Colin Biggers & Paisley) its fees for work done
in relation to the proposed investment. The Plaintiff produced the following
documentary evidence: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Exhibit YKJ-34.

the Initial Funding Agreement entered into between the Defendant, Koolgarra
Mining Pty Ltd, and another company named Koolgarra Silica Resources Pty Ltd;
the bill rendered by M/s Colin Biggers & Paisley; the Defendant’s payment
application forms for the two payments; the Defendant’s instructions to the
bank for the two fund transfers; and the corresponding debit advices dated 24
September 2008 (for the transfer of US$1.5m to Koolgarra Mining Pty Ltd) and
26 September 2008 (for the transfer of AUD13,174.82 to M/s Colin Biggers &
Paisley).

Evidence relied on by the Plaintiff for the US$27,000,015 loan

26 In respect of the claim for the sum of US$27,000,015, it was the
Plaintiff’s case that this was a loan to the Defendant for the purpose of
enabling it to make a shareholder loan to a Hong Kong company (Rietech) which
then used the money to make a capital injection into another company
(Zhengjiang Ren De). The Defendant has not disputed the Plaintiff’s
description of Rietech and Zhengjiang Ren De as its “indirect subsidiaries”:
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

See [58] of Jong’s AEIC.

the precise relationship between the three entities may be seen in the charts
at Tab A-1 of the Plaintiff’s Core Bundle of Documents.

27 In support of this claim, the Plaintiff produced documentary evidence of
the fund transfer to the Defendant on 10 November 2010. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Exhibit YKJ-44.

These documents comprised, first, internal email correspondence on 8 November
2010 alluding to the payment application for “the registered capital for
Zhengjiang Rebde [sic] paid by HK Rongde” 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

It does not appear to be disputed that the appellations “HK Rongde” and
“Singapore Suntech” referred to Rietech and the Defendant respectively.

and noting that “[d]ue to the fund shortage of HK Rongde, this payment
application is from Singapore Suntech”. Also included in these documents were
the relevant payment application form; the Plaintiff’s instructions to the
bank on 10 November 2010 for the fund transfer; the bank notification of
outgoing funds and the corresponding notification of incoming funds; the
Plaintiff’s bank statement for the month of November 2010 showing the fund
transfer to the Defendant on 10 November 2010; and the relevant accounting
ledger of the Plaintiff showing the US$27,000,015 booked in the inter-company
balance as a receivable from the Defendant.

28 The Plaintiff also produced documents 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Exhibit YKJ-45.

showing that on the same day (10 November 2010), the Defendant had transferred
the same amount to Rietech. These documents comprised the relevant payment
application form; the Defendant’s instructions to the bank on 10 November 2010
to transfer US$27,000,015 to Rietech as a “Shareholder Loan … for capital
injection to Zhengjiang Rende”; the bank notification of outgoing funds; the
Defendant’s bank statement for the month of November 2010 showing the incoming
transfer of US$27,000,015 from the Plaintiff on 10 November 2010 and the
outgoing transfer of the same amount to Rietech on the same day; and the
relevant accounting voucher documenting the receivable of US$27,000,015 from
Rietech and recording that it was “[f]or capital injection to Zhengjiang
Rende”.

Evidence relied on by the Plaintiff for the US$103,428,770 and the US$20m
loans

29 In respect of the claim for the sums of US$103,428,770 and US$20m
(totalling US$123,428,770), the Plaintiff’s case was that these were loans to
the Defendant for the purpose of the latter’s purchase of shares in two
companies – Best Treasures and Invest Wise 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

As may be seen from the charts at Tab A-1 of the PCBD, Best Treasure and
Invest Wise became wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Defendant.

– from a company known as Golden Potential Limited (“Golden Potential”) and an
individual named Chen Qiuming. In support of this claim, the Plaintiff
produced documentary evidence 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Exhibit YKJ-48.

which included the Defendant’s board resolution of 1 December 2010 in which
its directors approved the purchase of all of Golden Potential’s outstanding
shares in Best Treasure for a consideration of US$59,350,000 and all of Chen
Qiuming’s outstanding shares in Invest Wise for a consideration of
US$64,078,770; as well as share purchase agreements for the two transactions
dated 1 December 2010. In the share purchase agreement relating to the
purchase of Golden Potential’s shares in Best Treasure, Chen Qiuming was
listed as the person to whom all notices and other communications under the
agreement were to be sent.

30 In respect of the loan of US$103,428,770, the Plaintiff produced the
following documentary evidence: 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Exhibit YKJ-46.

the payment application form; the Plaintiff’s instructions to the bank on 17
December 2010 for the fund transfer to the Defendant; the bank debit advice
and the corresponding notification of incoming funds; the Plaintiff’s bank
statement for the month of December 2010 showing the outgoing payment; and the
Plaintiff’s accounting ledger showing the US$103,428,770 booked in the inter-
company balance as a receivable from the Defendant.

31 In respect of the loan of US$20m, the Plaintiff produced the following
documentary evidence: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Exhibit YKJ-47.

the payment application form; the Plaintiff’s instructions to the bank on 24
December 2010 for the fund transfer to the Defendant; the bank debit advice
and the corresponding notification of incoming funds; the Plaintiff’s bank
statement for the month of December 2010 showing the outgoing payment; and the
Plaintiff’s accounting ledger showing the US$20m booked in the inter-company
balance as a receivable from the Defendant.

32 The documentary evidence adduced by the Plaintiff also showed the Defendant
arranging for the amounts of US$103,428,770 and US$20m to be transferred to
Golden Potential on 17 December 2010 and 24 December 2010 respectively. These
documents 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Exhibit YKJ-48.

included the payment application; internal email communications; the
Defendant’s instructions to the bank for the fund transfers; the corresponding
bank notifications of outgoing funds; the Defendant’s bank statement for the
month of December 2010 showing the outgoing transfers on 17 December 2010 and
24 December 2010; and the Defendant’s accounting voucher recording the payment
of US$59,350,000 for the Best Treasure shares and US$64,078,770 for the Invest
Wise shares as a “long-term investment”.

Evidence relied on by the Plaintiff for the claim for unpaid share
consideration of US$55,560,000

33 In respect of the claim for unpaid share consideration of US$55,560,000, in
addition to the Equity Transfer Agreement, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Exhibit YKJ-52.

the Plaintiff also produced the relevant licences and approvals from the
various PRC authorities for the equity transfer; the resolutions of the same
date by Shanghai Suntech’s directors and shareholders, approving the transfer
of its shares from the Plaintiff to the Defendant; and the Plaintiff’s
accounting ledger showing the US$55,560,000 booked in the inter-company
balance as a receivable from the Defendant, with the comments “Shares of
Shanghai Shuntech [sic] to be transferred to Singapore USD 55,560,000” and
“Shares of Shanghai Suntech to be transferred to Singapore Suntech 100%2008”.

34 As the Defendant raised the issue of time-bar as a defence to this claim,
the Plaintiff also relied on the evidence of its PRC law expert, Yang Wantao
(“Yang”), on the position in PRC law in relation to time-bar; and in
particular, on the legal rules and principles applicable to the construction
of Art 3(2) of the Equity Transfer Agreement. This was the provision in the
agreement which dealt with the payment of the share consideration.

The Plaintiff’s reliance on the Defendant’s audited financial statements and
management accounts

35 In addition to the evidence set out above, the Plaintiff also relied more
generally on the Defendant’s audited financial statements for the financial
years ending 31 December 2009, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Exhibit YKJ-53.

31 December 2010, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Exhibit YKJ-54.

and 31 December 2011; 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Exhibit YKJ-55.

as well as the Defendant’s management accounts. Jong has explained in some
detail in his AEIC how these financial records support the Plaintiff’s claims.
38

##### Foot Note 38

×

See [79] to [91] of Jong’s AEIC.

36 In gist, in each of the three sets of audited financial statements, the
Defendant recognised an amount “due to immediate holding company” – that is,
the Plaintiff; and the amount stated in each of these financial years
corresponded with the Liquidators’ findings as to the amount owing by the
Defendant for that particular year. As at 31 December 2011, the Defendant’s
last available set of audited financials reported the “[a]mount due to
immediate holding company” as being US$288,602,584. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See p 921 of exhibit YKJ-55 in Jong’s AEIC.

The Liquidators noted that the total amount owing – as reported in these
audited financials – tallied with the total amount they themselves had arrived
at after investigating the various transactions between the Plaintiff and the
Defendant; 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

See [87] of Jong’s AEIC.

further, that their investigations showed that the total amount owing included
the four loans and the unpaid share consideration claimed in these
proceedings. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

See Table 5 of Jong’s AEIC.

37 As for the Defendant’s management accounts, this was a reference to the
Defendant’s reporting package as at 28 February 2014. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

See [91] of Jong’s AEIC; also exhibit YKJ-57.

These reporting packages were provided to the Liquidators by the accounting
team in Wuxi Suntech up to sometime in 2014. In gist, the Defendant’s
reporting package as at 28 February 2014 showed a total amount of
US$288,604,546.63 payable by the Defendant to the Plaintiff. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

See p 932 of exhibit YKJ-57 in Jong’s AEIC.

Again, the Liquidators noted that this amount tallied with the amount they had
arrived at after investigating the transactions between the Plaintiff and the
Defendant; further, that their investigations showed the amount owing to
include the four loans and the unpaid share consideration claimed in these
proceedings. The difference between this amount and the total amount of
US$288,602,584 stated to be owing by the Defendant as at 31 December 2011 is
on account of the further payment made by the Plaintiff on the Defendant’s
behalf on 28 February 2013. This was a sum of US$1,962.51 in payment of the
bill rendered to the Defendant by its corporate secretary.

The Plaintiff’s reliance on Wuxi restructuring documents

38 Apart from its own financial records and the Defendant’s accounts, the
Plaintiff also relied on documents emanating from the Wuxi restructuring
exercise. It appears that to record the various restructuring of the various
“intercompany accounts payables and receivables and intercompany debts among
Suntech Entities”, Intercompany Claims Transfer Agreements Nos 1 and 2 were
signed on 15 May 2013 between Wuxi Suntech and the Wuxi Administrator on the
one hand and SPH on the other, while Intercompany Claims Transfer Agreement No
3 was signed on the same date between Wuxi Suntech and the Wuxi Administrator
on the one hand and the Plaintiff on the other. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PCBD Tab H pp 476-528.

Page 4 of each of these Intercompany Claims Transfer Agreements recorded that
“Suntech Singapore [ie, the Defendant] owes US$265,604,567.58 of borrowing to
PSS [ie, the Plaintiff]”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

See pp 476, 499 and 517 of PCBD Tab H.

The Plaintiff pointed out that this figure of US$265,604,567.58 was the exact
amount which was derived when the sum said to be payable by the Plaintiff to
the Defendant (US$22,999,979.05 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

See the Defendant’s last set of audited financial statements for the FY ending
31 December 2011 which records this sum as owing from the Plaintiff: p 133 of
PCBD Tab C.

) was deduced from the total amount owed by the Defendant to the Plaintiff
(US$288,604,546.63).

39 As recounted earlier, as part of the Wuxi restructuring exercise, the
Plaintiff’s shares in the Defendant, as well as in Suntech Japan, were
transferred to Wuxi Suntech. The Plaintiff further relied on the Net Asset
Valuation (“NAV”) of the Defendant as of 31 March 2013 attached to the Sale
and Purchase Agreement prepared for the purpose of this transfer. Jong’s
second affidavit in these proceedings explained in detail how the evidence of
the NAV of the Defendant corroborated the Plaintiff’s claims. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

See [60] to [64] of Jong’s affidavit of 24 May 2017 at Tab 15, Volume 3 of
Plaintiff’s Bundle of Interlocutory Affidavits (“PBIA”).

In gist, the total amount owed by the Defendant to the Plaintiff
(US$288,604,546.63) made up part of the Defendant’s total liabilities of
US$560,596,253.96. The total liabilities of US$560,596,253.96 were then netted
off from the Defendant’s total assets of US$633,036,638.12, resulting in an
NAV figure of US$72,440,384.16 – which then formed the basis of the transfer
price of the Defendant (US$70m) for the purposes of the disposal of the
Singapore and Japan entities.

40 In the Plaintiff’s submission, therefore, documents pertaining to the Wuxi
restructuring provided additional corroboration of the Plaintiff’s claims.

Summary of the Defendant’s key arguments

41 The Defendant raised a number of arguments against the Plaintiff’s case
which may be summarised as follows.

(a) The Defendant decried the Liquidators’ lack of “personal knowledge” of the
transactions on which the present claims were based, and charged that the
Liquidators should have called as witnesses the former members of the
Plaintiff’s senior management. In particular, the Defendant argued for an
adverse inference to be drawn against the Plaintiff under s 116(g) of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (the “EA”) for not producing as a witness
one Dr Shi Zhengrong, the founder of SPH, and a director of both the Plaintiff
and the Defendant at the material time 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

See eg, [4(a) to (c)] and [33(d)] to [37] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

– whom the Defendant described as the “controlling mind” of both companies.

(b) The Defendant argued that the Plaintiff’s position on the amounts claimed
“kept shifting”, and in particular, that:

if there was indeed a total sum of US$288,602.584.12 or US$265,604,567.58
owing between the parties, it is baffling that the Plaintiff is only pursuing
the 4 Alleged Fund Transfers against the Defendant, whilst abandoning well
more than USD100m in potential recovery. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See eg, [6(d)] and [50] to [53] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

(c) The Defendant argued that insofar as its claims on the four loans were
concerned, the Plaintiff should be precluded from relying on the English Court
of Appeal’s decision in Seldon v Davidson [1968] 1 WLR 1083 (“Seldon”). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

2DBOA Tab 29. See also [66] to [100] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

Inter alia, the Defendant submitted that Seldon had not been accepted as part
of Singapore law; and that the decision was in any event “contrary” to s 103
of the EA. The Defendant also submitted, more generally, that the decision in
Seldon was wrong in law; and that even if it were not wrong, its application
should be confined to the facts of that case.

(d) The Defendant sought to attack the quality of the evidence produced by the
Plaintiff for its claims on the four loans and the unpaid share consideration.
In particular, in respect of the four loans, the Defendant alleged that the
Plaintiff’s evidence failed to demonstrate features which – according to the
Defendant – were typical “hallmarks” of a loan. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

See eg, [6] to [8] and [26] to [32] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

(e) In respect of the claim for the unpaid share consideration, the Defendant
argued that this claim was time-barred under Chinese law. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

See [104] to [121] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

(f) The Defendant also suggested in its closing submissions that even if I
found in favour of the Plaintiff, any amount found to be due should be “set
off” against a sum of US$22,999,979.05 which the Defendant claimed was owed to
it by the Plaintiff. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

See [102] to [103] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

Issues

42 Having regard to the arguments raised by both parties, I considered the
following issues in determining whether the Plaintiff succeeded in proving its
claim.

(a) First, the following preliminary issues which would have had an impact on
all of the claims made by the Plaintiff:

(i) whether an adverse inference ought to be drawn against the Plaintiff for
its failure to call certain witnesses; and

(ii) whether the Plaintiff had shifted its position with regard to the amounts
claimed, and if so, whether this was significant.

(b) Second, in relation to the claims on the four alleged loans, whether the
Plaintiff had shown that these were sums that were to be repaid by the
Defendant and that the Defendant had not made such payment.

(c) Third, in relation to the claim for the unpaid share consideration,
whether the Plaintiff’s claim was time-barred.

(d) Finally, the residual arguments made by the parties in relation to all of
the Plaintiff’s claims.

Preliminary issues relevant to all the claims made by the Plaintiff

On the Liquidators’ lack of “personal knowledge” and the absence of testimony
from Dr Shi and other former members of the Plaintiff’s senior management

43 At the outset, I should state that insofar as the Defendant appeared to
insinuate something untoward in the Liquidators having “no personal knowledge
of the matters being claimed” and having “constructed the Plaintiff’s entire
claim based on the companies’ financial records” 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

See [4(a)] of the Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

, I found such insinuation baseless and mischievous. It can hardly be unusual
for the liquidator in the winding-up of a company to have no personal
knowledge of the transactions in which the company was involved during its
lifetime, and to rely on his investigation of the company’s financial records
to form a view about the company’s assets as well as potential claims to be
pursued on its behalf.

44 As to the Defendant’s submission that an adverse inference should be drawn
against the Plaintiff for not calling as witnesses Dr Shi and/or other former
members of the Plaintiff’s senior management, I was satisfied that that there
was no reason to draw such an inference in this case.

45 The Court of Appeal has made it clear that there “is no fixed and immutable
rule of law for drawing such inference”: “[w]hether or not in each case an
adverse inference should be drawn depends on all the evidence adduced and the
circumstances of the case” (see Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading
Co Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407 (“Tribune Investment”) at [50]). As VK Rajah JC (as
he then was) pointed out in Cheong Ghim Fah and another v Murugian s/o
Rangasamy [2004] 1 SLR(R) 628 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PSBOA Tab 8.

(“Cheong Ghim Fah”) at [39]:

[s]ection 116(g) encapsulates a common sense rule. In the scheme of our
adversarial litigation procedures, it is perfectly permissible for a party not
to call witnesses or adduce evidence on any material point in issue. Section
116(g) mirrors the common law approach that a party cannot take issue with the
raising of inferences about matters that the party has chosen to consciously
conceal or hold back. The inference must, it has to be emphasised, be
reasonably drawn from the matrix of established facts.

Rajah JC also held, following the English Court of Appeal’s decision in
Wisniewski v Central Manchester Health Authority [1985] 5 PIQR P324, that
whilst the drawing of an adverse inference may “go to strengthen the evidence
adduced on that issue by the other party or to weaken the evidence, if any,
adduced by the party who might reasonably have been expected to call the
witness”, there must first have been “some evidence, however weak, adduced by
the former on the matter in question before the court is entitled to draw the
desired inference: in other words, there must be a case to answer on that
issue” (at [42]).

46 Thus in Tribune Investment, for example, the trial judge found that as the
plaintiffs had failed to make out a prima facie case on any of its claims and
that their main witness was unreliable and unworthy of belief, it was
unnecessary to draw any adverse inference against the defendant for not
calling certain witnesses whom the plaintiffs contended were material to the
defence. It should be noted that the trial judge in Tribune Investment also
found that in any event, the defendant’s main witness had been involved in
various key events from which the dispute between the parties arose, and there
was nothing to show that he was not a material or relevant witness to the
proceedings. The trial judge’s decision was upheld by the Court of Appeal (at
[51]).

47 In Cheong Ghim Fah, on the other hand, the plaintiff having established
that there was an accident in which the defendant’s motorcycle collided with
the deceased (the plaintiff’s husband) on a straight road with light traffic,
Rajah JC found that the defendant’s decision not to appear at the trial – in
the absence of any legitimate reason for absence – warranted an adverse
inference being drawn against him. As Rajah JC noted (at [44]): “a common
sense approach should prevail. A person who has nothing to conceal would
usually want to cooperate in such enquiries and vindicate himself. The
defendant was not just a material witness; he was the sole witness to what
transpired” [emphasis in original].

48 In similar vein, in Chapman v Copeland (1966) 110 SJ 569 (cited by Rajah JC
in Cheong Ghim Fah at [40]), a case of a fatal road accident where the
plaintiff widow relied on evidence of brake and tyre marks, the defendant
driver’s decision not to give evidence was held to warrant an adverse
inference being drawn. The court in that case explained that whilst there was
no obligation on the defendant to give evidence at the end of the plaintiff’s
case, given the circumstances in that case:

if he chose not to do so, he could not complain if, on a very narrow balance
of probability, the evidence justified the court in drawing the inference of
negligence against him … [W]here the defendant, quite legitimately, in a case
in which there was nothing but accident mathematics, chose not to give
evidence to the contrary, he could not complain.

49 In ARS v ART & another [2015] SGHC 78 (“ARS v ART”), a key aspect of the
plaintiff’s claim against the first defendant related to two oral agreements
which the plaintiff alleged parties had entered into. The first defendant
denied the existence of the two oral agreements. It called as a factual
witness a sales manager (Zachary) who had been actively involved in the
dealings relating to the alleged oral agreements, and who gave evidence
denying or doubting the existence of the oral agreements. The only witness for
the plaintiff was Saul, its major shareholder and director. The trial judge
found it noteworthy that the Plaintiff had not called either Saul’s son-in-law
(Abel), or a former employee at its Singapore office (Tobias), both of whom
appeared to have been extensively involved in the dealings relating to the
alleged oral agreements. The learned judge found that the documentary evidence
available to show that these alleged agreements had been validly concluded was
“limited”, and that the evidence of both men – especially Abel – would have
been material to the issue of whether the two oral agreements existed. He also
held that Saul could certainly have arranged for both men to testify, given
that Abel was his son-in-law and that he (Saul) was still in touch with Tobias
(at [138]). There was no evidence that the two men were unavailable. In
addition, the learned judge found Saul to be evasive when asked why Tobias was
not called as a witness. He held, therefore, that the circumstances of the
case warranted an adverse inference being drawn against the Plaintiff for not
calling Abel and Tobias.

50 In the present case, two things need to be borne in mind from the start.
First, it was not disputed that Dr Shi – and for that matter, the other former
members of the Plaintiff’s senior management – had not been and were not
resident in Singapore 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

See [32] of Plaintiff’s Reply Closing Submissions; also, e.g., [11] of Jong’s
3rd affidavit of 30 January 2018 at Tab 5, 3 PBIA which stated that Dr Shi is
an Australian citizen who travels regularly to the PRC and Japan.

. As such, it would not have been possible for the Plaintiff to compel their
attendance at trial via the service of subpoenas issued by this court.
Considerable efforts would have been required to track down the exact
whereabouts of the individuals concerned, to interview them, and then to
cajole them into travelling to Singapore to testify. In this connection, it
should also be noted that the Defendant itself admitted that the previous
management of the Plaintiff – or at least Dr Shi – had at one stage left the
company under something of a cloud: the Defendant’s closing submissions refer,
for example, to Dr Shi having been “forced to leave the Suntech Group in 2012
amidst allegations of mismanagement and misappropriation of funds”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

See [4(e)(iii)] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions. It should be noted that in
cross-examination, Jong testified that following his removal from office “in
2011 or 2012”, Dr Shi returned to the company as one of its directors in late
2013 and remained there till late 2014: see transcript of 15 May 2018, 104:14
to 104:20.

Realistically speaking, therefore, Dr Shi – and possibly other former members
of senior management – would scarcely have been eager to testify at the trial
in Singapore.

51 Secondly, the Defendant elected not to call any factual witnesses of its
own at the trial. This meant that there was no evidence before me to
substantiate a version of facts different from that put forth by the
Plaintiff. In this connection, it should also be pointed out that the evidence
put forward by the Plaintiff encompassed evidence drawn from the Defendant’s
own financial records; and the figures in the Defendant’s accounts tallied
with those in the Plaintiff’s financial records: see [36] above. These
included – for example – the Defendant’s audited financial statements. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

See again [79] to [91] of Jong’s AEIC.

As another example, the evidence showed that Dr Shi and one Amy Zhang – both
directors of the Plaintiff as well as the Defendant at the material time – had
signed off on the Plaintiff’s instructions to the banks for payment of the
four loan amounts to the Defendant; and they had concurrently signed off on
the Defendant’s instructions to the banks for the disbursement of these sums
pursuant to the various transactions outlined above at [13]. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

See PCBD Tab D pp 142 and 170–172; Tab E pp 255 and 267; Tab F pp 296 and
313–314.

I will deal with the evidence of these financial records in greater detail in
[106] to [133] of these grounds when I address the Defendant’s criticisms of
the quality of the Plaintiff’s evidence, but for now, it suffices to note that
the Defendant provided no evidence to suggest that these records did not
actually mean what they said.

52 When queried whether the Liquidators had made enquiries of Dr Shi and other
former directors about each of the transactions concerned in this suit, Jong
was frank in his response. He pointed out that the Defendant’s outstanding
liabilities were clear and “self-explanatory” from the financial records
obtained from the accounting team in Wuxi Suntech; and that as such, he had
not seen a need to approach the Plaintiff’s former directors. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

See transcript of 15 May 2018, 101:22 to 102:15.

As he put it: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

See transcript of 16 May 2018, 47:9 to 48:17.

[A]s liquidator, I think we abide by the rules of prima facie evidence … [I]t
is more important what the records or the evidence of the company that can
provide is… the basis of our decisions … [I]t is not typical in my experience,
that whatever we have in the accounts and we go back to check with the people
… People may forget, people may mistaken … [I]n my view, it’s always the party
that disagree with the agreement have to come out and prove why the agreements
were incorrect. It is not typical for us to, even though we have … documents
that actually support the claim, we go back and … ask everyone all these
question and get a further evidence to support what has already been supported
by the books and records of the company … [T]here are many, many transaction
that the company have had for the entire group. You can imagine, there are
many many transactions. And from a cost benefit perspective, it’s just not
feasible.

53 In my view, this was not an unreasonable attitude to take. In carrying out
his investigation of the company’s financial records, a liquidator would be
entitled to take into consideration inter alia the fact that a particular debt
has been consistently acknowledged as such in audited accounts. Whilst he has
extensive powers to go behind documents, he is not bound to take extraordinary
steps and incur extraordinary costs to do so, unless there is some reasonable
basis to be suspicious about the genuineness of the documents and/or the legal
validity of the debt. I found guidance and support for this view in the
judgment of the Court of Appeal in Fustar Chemicals Ltd (Hong Kong) v
Liquidator of Fustar Chemicals Pte Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 458 (“Fustar”) at
[20]–[21]. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

1 PBOA Tab 13.

Whilst the court’s judgment in that case was focused on the position of a
liquidator when charged with assessing a creditor’s proof of debt, its
observations about the extent of a liquidator’s power to go behind documents
and the circumstances in which he should do so are germane and helpful in the
context of the present case.

54 In the present case, as Jong highlighted in cross-examination, the
Liquidators were conscious in the lead-up to the trial of having to justify to
the Plaintiff’s creditors the reasonableness of the costs being incurred in
the pursuit of claims. As noted earlier, Dr Shi and other former members of
the Plaintiff’s senior management were out of jurisdiction; and considerable
efforts would have had to be made to track them down, to interview them, and
then to persuade them to voluntarily travel to Singapore to testify at the
trial. I did not find it unreasonable for the Liquidators to have assessed the
feasibility of doing so on the basis of a cost-benefit analysis, taking into
account the evidence they had in hand, and to have determined upon such
analysis that they did not need the former directors’ evidence to pursue the
present claim.

55 From Jong’s testimony, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

See transcript of 15 May 2018, 103:14 to 106:20.

it also emerged that SPH’s board of directors – which included Dr Shi – had
remained in place at least up until late 2014. The board members – including
Dr Shi – were provided with the reporting packages or management accounts
which formed part of the evidence relied on by the Liquidators; they could
have raised objections to the contents of these reporting packages if they had
disagreed with those contents (but there is no evidence that they did); and
they were apprised of and authorised the Liquidators’ proposal to commence the
present suit.

56 I further noted that the Liquidators did in fact make several attempts to
contact Dr Shi to procure evidence from him for use in these proceedings. Jong
explained that these attempts had been made because their solicitors had
informed them that the Defendant had “strongly pushed” the point as to whether
Dr Shi would be called as a witness. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

See transcript of 16 May 2018, 49:2 to 49:25.

In April 2015, for example, attempts were made by the Liquidators to get Dr
Shi to affirm an affidavit to be used in the present proceedings, but whilst
Dr Shi seems to have kept up a veneer of affability in his email responses, he
clearly did not affirm the affidavit forwarded to him. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

See DBD pp 22–24.

Another approach to Dr Shi was made in November 2017, when Jong managed to
have a brief telephone conversation with him. According to Jong, Dr Shi had
told him during this telephone conversation that he (Dr Shi) had no reason to
doubt the accuracy of the Defendant’s audited financial statements. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

See transcript of 15 May 2018, 134:9 to 134:17.

The Liquidators then followed up on this telephone call by emailing Dr Shi the
draft of a short “Financial Statement Confirmation” to confirm that the
contents of the Defendant’s financial statements for the year ending 31
December 2010 were true and correct. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

See DBD pp 25–27.

Again, Dr Shi did not sign this draft statement. The point, however, is that
the Plaintiff did take action to procure evidence from Dr Shi – and it was
rebuffed. Indeed, the Defendant conceded as much in its closing submissions.
68

##### Foot Note 68

×

See [4(e)] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

57 This case was thus very different from cases such as Cheong Ghim Fah and
ARS v ART. The factual matrix in each of those cases made it reasonable for
the trial court to expect one of the parties to call certain witnesses to
confirm or to clarify a certain state of affairs – and to infer, in the
absence of such witnesses, that the party concerned was deliberately
concealing or withholding evidence potentially adverse to its case. In
contrast, in the present case, I was of the view that the factual matrix did
not justify such adverse inference being drawn against the Plaintiff for not
calling Dr Shi and/or other former directors.

58 I would add that the Defendant’s description of Jong as a “self-serving”
witness was baseless and mischievous. This attempt to cast doubt on Jong’s
integrity and objectivity as a witness appeared to be premised on the
contention that it was in Jong’s “interests, as professionals involved in the
liquidation exercise, to maximise recovery for the Plaintiff”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

See [4(b]) of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

These comments were baseless and mischievous because recovery vis-à-vis the
wound-up company’s debts is effected for the benefit of the general body of
its creditors; and it was Jong’s duty as liquidator to maximise such recovery.
I should not be surprised if he did take some professional pride in his work –
but that is beside the point, since there was no evidence at all to suggest
that his objectivity and credibility as a witness were tainted by some
underlying agenda to advance his professional standing and/or career
prospects. Indeed, I observed that Jong was forthright – even guileless – in
his testimony he readily admitted, for example, the mistake he had made in
approving the filing of a claim by SPH in the Chinese courts for
US$13,690,234.84 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

See transcript of 15 May 2018, 30:2 to 31:19.

(a matter I shall come to later in this judgment). I did not find his evidence
to be at all “self-serving”.

On the Plaintiff’s alleged “shifting” of position with regard to the amounts
claimed

59 I address next the Defendant’s arguments on the Plaintiff’s alleged
“shifting” of its position with regard to the amounts claimed in the present
suit.

60 In gist, the Defendant took issue with the fact that whilst the
Liquidators’ letter of demand on 23 December 2013 had referred to a total debt
amount “exceeding US$288 million”, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

4DCB pp 2423–2425.

and Jong’s AEIC had also referred to a total debt amount of US$288,602,584.12,
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

See eg, [87] and Table 5 of Jong’s AEIC.

the Plaintiff’s statement of claim in the present suit had initially stated a
total debt amount of US$263,910,599.28 (and not US$288,602,584.12), which
amount had then been amended to the present figure of US$197,501,785. Jong was
cross-examined at length about the amendments which had been made in the
course of these proceedings to the amounts claimed in the Statement of Claim.
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

See eg, transcript of 14 May 2018, 65:17 to 94:21.

The Defendant’s contention, in a nutshell, was that the Plaintiff had dropped
a number of claims because they were not supported by the documentary evidence
and/or there were “defects” in the documents. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

See transcript of 14 May 2018, 94:1 to 94:21.

61 As a preliminary point, I noted that at the end of the day, what I had to
decide in this trial was whether the claims making up the total amount of
US$197,501,785 were proven on the evidence adduced: the fact that there might
have been other claims which were not pursued in this trial was not strictly
relevant to the issue of proof of the present claims for US$197,501,785.
Nevertheless, since the Defendant’s argument appeared to be that the dropping
of some claims cast doubt on the credibility of the documentary evidence
relied on for the present claims, I reviewed the testimony given by Jong in
explaining the reasons for the dropping of certain claims, as well as the
surrounding evidence.

62 In his AEIC, Jong had already explained that when the statement of claim
was filed on 14 January 2014, the Plaintiff had put in a claim for the total
amount of US$263,910,599.28 – and not US$288,602,584.12 – because at the point
of filing, it did not have available certain supporting documents. Jong’s AEIC
also stated that the total amount was amended to US$197,501,785 in July 2014
because the Liquidators were concerned about preventing the Defendant from
dissipating its assets in the PRC. The Liquidators found it necessary,
therefore, to file proceedings against the Defendant in the PRC by pursuing
part of the Plaintiff’s claim in the PRC courts “to support asset preservation
action so as to stop the Defendant from dissipating its key assets in the
PRC”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

See [94] of Jong’s AEIC.

63 At trial, Jong further testified that in addition to the need to file some
claims against the Defendant in the PRC, the Liquidators also weighed the
costs of pursuing certain claims against the potential benefits. The eventual
decision to drop certain claims was also motivated by the consideration that
claims that were not so “straightforward” might not be worth pursuing because
of the costs which would have to be incurred to prove those claims and the
consequent likelihood of “a prolonged hearing and trial”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

See transcript of 14 May 2018, 89:6 to 89:11.

In this respect, Jong explained that “straightforward claims would typically
include a direct fund transfer from [the Plaintiff] into [the Defendant, and …
the supporting documentations are easier to follow”; whereas for claims that
were not so “straightforward”, “for example … some of the money would be paid
on behalf of [the Defendant] even though there are other supporting
documents”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

See transcript of 14 May 2018, 89:18 to 89:25.

64 Jong categorically denied the Defendant’s suggestion that the Plaintiff had
dropped some of its claims because they were not supported by the documentary
evidence and/or there were “defects” in the documents.

65 Having reviewed the evidence, I found Jong’s explanations for the dropped
claims to be cogent and convincing. I accepted that a key reason was the need
to bring part of the claim in the PRC so as to “support asset preservation
action”. It will be remembered that in February 2014, Wuxi Suntech had
transferred its entire equity interest in the Defendant for US$1 to a BVI
company called Fast Fame; and that following this transfer, the Defendant had
proceeded in March 2014 to divest itself of several wholly-owned subsidiaries
(see [6] to [10] above). As to the cost-benefit analysis which Jong said had
been applied by the Liquidators to the claims in Singapore, this too appeared
to me to be eminently reasonable. As Jong pointed out, whilst the Liquidators
had a duty to maximise recovery for the creditors, they also had to be
responsible in evaluating the costs of pursuing claims.

66 In the circumstances, I did not agree with the Defendant that the
amendments to the Plaintiff’s total claim amount revealed some underlying
“defect” in their documentary evidence.

67 The Defendant also argued that if indeed the Plaintiff were owed in excess
of US$288m (per the Liquidators’ letter of demand) or US$265,604,567.58, it
was “baffling that the Plaintiff [was] only pursuing the 4 Alleged Fund
Transfers against the Defendant”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

See [50] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

Again, having regard to Jong’s explanation as to why certain claims had not
been pursued by the Liquidators (see [62] to [64] above), I did not find the
Plaintiff’s conduct in any way “baffling” or illogical.

68 I also considered the other arguments made by the Defendant as to alleged
“defects” in the Plaintiff’s documentary evidence regarding the claimed loans.
I did not find these arguments to be made out either. Before I go to the
Defendant’s arguments on the quality of the Plaintiff’s documentary evidence,
I will address their arguments on the application of Seldon to the present
case. This entails first an examination of the issues relating to the nature
of a loan and the burden of proof in a claim for recovery of a loan. [69] to
[145] below relate to the Plaintiff’s claims on the four alleged loans and do
not deal with the claim for unpaid share consideration which is dealt with in
[146] to [193].

The Plaintiff’s claim on the four alleged loans

The applicable legal principles

The nature of a loan

69 The definition of a loan transaction was examined by VK Rajah J (as he then
was) in City Hardware Pte Ltd v Kenrich Electronics Pte Ltd [2005] 1 SLR(R)
733 (“City Hardware”). One of the main questions before Rajah J was whether
certain transactions between the plaintiffs and the defendants in that case
amounted to moneylending transactions – and if so, whether they contravened
the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed) (the “MLA”). In considering this
question, Rajah J found it necessary to determine the preliminary issue of
whether the transactions amounted to lending or the loan of money in the first
place. Noting at [23] that the MLA “does not assist in explicitly defining
what constitutes lending or the loan of money”, the learned judge found
assistance instead in the following extract from Clifford L Pannam, The Law of
Money Lenders in Australia and New Zealand (The Law Book Company Limited,
1965):

A loan of money may be defined, in general terms, as a simple contract whereby
one person (“the lender”) pays or agrees to pay a sum of money in
consideration of a promise by another person (“the borrower”) to repay the
money upon demand or at a fixed date. The promise of repayment may or may not
be coupled with a promise to pay interest on the money so paid. The essence of
the transaction is the promise of repayment. As Lowe J. put it in a judgment
delivered on behalf of himself and Gavan Duffy and Martin JJ.: ‘‘Lend’ in its
ordinary meaning in our view imports an obligation on the borrower to repay.’
Without that promise, for example, the old indebitatus count of money lent
would not lay. Repayment is the ingredient which links together the
definitions of ‘loan’ to be found in the Oxford English Dictionary, the
various legal dictionaries and the text books. In essence then a loan is a
payment of money to or for someone on the condition that it will be repaid.
[emphasis in original]

70 Rajah J also cautioned at [24] that:

[w]hat constitutes lending must of course remain a question of fact in every
case. Careful consideration has to be given to the form and substance of the
transaction as well as the parties’ position and relationship in the context
of the entire factual matrix.

71 The above analysis was endorsed by the Court of Appeal in Donald McArthy
Trading Pte Ltd v Pankaj s/o Dhirajlal [2007] 2 SLR(R) 321 at [11]–[12].

72 Chitty on Contracts (H G Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 32nd Ed, 2015)
summarises the key principles at para 39–258 as follows: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

2PBOA Tab 36.

A contract of loan of money is a contract whereby one person lends or agrees
to lend a sum of money to another, in consideration of a promise express or
implied to repay that sum on demand, or at a fixed or determinable future
time, or conditionally upon an event which is bound to happen, with or without
interest.

73 A similar, though briefer, definition may also be found in Law Relating to
Specific Contracts in Singapore (Steven Chong editor-in-chief & Cavinder Bull
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2016, 2nd Ed) (“Specific Contracts”), where it is
stated at para 6.2.1: “Essentially, a loan is a payment of money to or for
someone on the condition that it will be repaid”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

2PBOA Tab 40.

The burden of proof in a claim for the recovery of a loan

74 I have spent a little more time outlining the nature of a loan because one
of the Defendant’s main arguments was that “[a]ll the hallmarks of a loan
[were] conspicuously missing” 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

See [6] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

in the four loans claimed by the Plaintiff and that as such they could not
really be. These “hallmarks”, according to the Defendant, included factors
such as “evidence of any board resolution authorising the Plaintiff to
dispense the alleged loans (or the Defendant to receive the alleged loans” and
“guarantee and/or collaterals provided by the Defendant”. The Defendant also
stressed the fact that the alleged loan transactions were not explicitly
described as “loans” in the Plaintiff’s and the Defendant’s accounts. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

See [28] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

However, the above authorities make it clear that there are only the following
essential elements in a loan of money: payment (or an agreement to pay) by one
person of a sum of money in consideration of a promise by the other person to
repay the money. Insofar as the Defendant sought to suggest by [6] of its
closing submissions that all the factors listed therein must be proven by a
lender who seeks recovery of a loan, that suggestion is unfounded in law.

75 Broadly speaking, a claimant such as the present Plaintiff who asserts that
he gave the defendant a loan of money and who seeks recovery of that loan has
to prove the following two essential facts: first, that he has paid the
defendant a sum of money; and secondly, that there is an obligation on the
defendant’s part to repay the money. The burden of proof that lies upon such
claimant or alleged lender is what has been referred to as the “legal burden
of proof”, which “describes the obligation to persuade the trier of fact that,
in view of the evidence, the fact in dispute exists”: per the Court of Appeal
in Britestone Pte Ltd v Smith & Associates Far East, Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R) 855
83

##### Foot Note 83

×

1PBOA Tab 8.

(“Britestone”) at [58] and in SCT Technologies Pte Ltd v Western Copper Co Ltd
[2016] 1 SLR 1471 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

2DBOA Tab 28.

(“SCT Technologies”) at [17]. That “he who asserts must prove” is a “trite”
common law rule which finds statutory expression in ss 103 and 105 of our EA:
see SCT Technologies at [17]; also Loo Chay Sit v Estate of Loo Chay Loo,
deceased [2010] 1 SLR 286 at [14].

76 I say that “broadly speaking” the legal burden of proof in a loan claim
will fall on the claimant because this is not invariably the case in all such
claims. As the Court of Appeal noted in SCT Technologies, the pleadings in a
case will determine the incidence of the legal burden of proof. In some cases,
the legal burden of proof may fall upon the defendant or alleged borrower, if
for example – instead of simply denying the alleged debt or the underlying
transactions which it relates to – he admits the existence of the amounts
claimed and seeks to avoid liability through the positive allegation of
payment (that is, a “confession and avoidance” plea). For example, in Young v
Queensland Trustees Limited [1956] 99 CLR 560, a case cited by the Court of
Appeal in SCT Technologies (at [24]), the executor of the deceased’s will
sought recovery from the defendant of a fixed sum of money comprising several
loans made to the defendant by the deceased during her lifetime. The defendant
admitted in his defence to these loans but stated that he had repaid each of
the loans during the deceased’s lifetime. The first instance judge gave
judgment for the executor, and on appeal, the defendant argued that the judge
should have placed the burden on the executor to disprove the payments. The
High Court of Australia rejected this argument, holding that “[t]he law was
and is that, speaking generally, the defendant must allege and prove payment
by way of discharge as a defence to an action for indebtedness in respect of
an executed consideration” (at 569–570).

77 I pause here to note that in the present case, the parties are agreed that
the Defendant has not pleaded a confession and avoidance: the Defendant has
simply denied the alleged debts. The Plaintiff does not dispute that it bears
the legal burden of proof in respect of its four loan claims. The Plaintiff
also does not dispute that it bears the corresponding evidential burden of
proof, which has been described as “the need of the party to adduce evidence
to discharge his legal burden (or the need of the opposing party to adduce
evidence to prevent the proving party from discharging his legal burden)”: SCT
Technologies at [18]. However – and this seems to be something which (with
respect) the Defendant has not appreciated – this evidential burden can and
often does shift in the course of a trial. This was explained by the Court of
Appeal in Britestone at [58] to [60] of its judgment:

58 … There are in fact two kinds of burden in relation to the adduction of
evidence. The first, designated the legal burden of proof … describes the
obligation to persuade the trier of fact that, in view of the evidence, the
fact in dispute exists … The second … falls short of an obligation to prove
that a particular fact exists. It is more accurately designated the evidential
burden to produce evidence since, whenever it operates, the failure to adduce
some evidence, whether in propounding or rebutting, will mean a failure to
engage the question of the existence of a particular fact or to keep this
question alive. As such, this burden can and will shift.

59 The court’s decision in every case will depend on whether the party
concerned has satisfied the particular burden and standard of proof imposed on
him. Since the terms ‘proved’, ‘disproved’ and ‘not proved’ are statutory
definitions contained in the [EA], the term ‘proof’, whenever it appears in
the [EA] and unless the context otherwise suggests, means the burden to
satisfy the court of the existence or non-existence of some fact, that is, the
legal burden of proof: see ss 103 and 105 of the [EA]. However, this is not to
say that the evidential burden, which is the burden to adduce sufficient
evidence to raise an issue for the consideration of the trier of fact, does
not exist. It exists as the tactical onus to contradict, weaken or explain
away the evidence that has been led; there is no distinction between such
tactical onus and the evidential burden.

60 To contextualise the above principles, at the start of the plaintiff’s
case, the legal burden of proving the existence of any relevant fact that the
plaintiff must prove and the evidential burden of adducing some (not
inherently incredible) evidence of the existence of such fact coincide. Upon
adduction of that evidence, the evidential burden shifts to the defendant, as
the case may be, to adduce some evidence in rebuttal. If no evidence in
rebuttal is adduced, the court may conclude from the evidence of the plaintiff
that the legal burden is also discharged and making a finding on the fact
against the defendant. If, on the other hand, evidence in rebuttal is adduced,
the evidential burden shifts back to the plaintiff. If, ultimately, the
evidential burden comes to rest on the defendant, the legal burden of proof of
that relevant fact would have been discharged by the plaintiff. The legal
burden of proof – a permanent and enduring burden – does not shift.

78 The manner in which a claimant in a trial who starts out bearing both the
legal and the evidential burdens of proof goes about discharging these burdens
was also explained in an article by Denning J (as he then was) titled
Presumptions and Burdens (1945) 61 LQR 379 (“Presumptions and Burdens”), which
was cited by the Court of Appeal in Anti-Corrosion Pte Ltd v Berger Paints
Singapore Pte Ltd & another appeal [2012] 1 SLR 427 at [37]. Denning J started
by noting that where the law imposes on a party the legal burden of proof in
respect of a certain fact or issue, that legal burden does not shift. He cited
the examples (inter alia) of cases where the issue was whether a defendant was
negligent; or whether a ship was unseaworthy; or whether goods had been lost
without the default of the bailee; or whether a will was the last will of a
free and capable testator. Noting that the burden of proving such issue rested
on the person putting forward the proposition, Denning J went on to explain
the manner in which such a person would go about adducing such proof (at
379–380):

In order to discharge a legal burden, the person on whom it lies will often
prove relevant facts or rely on presumptions from which he asks the Court to
infer the fact in issue which he has to establish in order to succeed. In the
instances I have taken he will prove … that the thing which caused the
accident was under the control of the defendant; or that the ship was lost
within a short time of sailing; or that the goods were stolen; or he will rely
on the presumption that the testator was of testamentary capacity. Those
relevant facts or circumstances are often said to raise a ‘presumption’ or
make a ‘prima facie’ case, and so they do in the sense that from them the fact
in issue may be inferred, but not in the sense that it must be inferred unless
the contrary is proved. The Court will decline before the end of the case to
rule whether the fact in issue should be inferred. It will leave it to the
other party to take his own course. He may seek to repel the inference by
argument, as by submitting that the facts proved only raise a suspicion as
distinct from a legitimate inference; or by contradicting the evidence; or by
giving evidence of other facts to explain why the fact in issue should not be
inferred; or by raising suspicions which counter-balance the presumptions. As
the case proceeds the evidence may first weigh in favour of the inference and
then against it, thus producing a burden, sometimes apparent, sometimes real,
which may shift from one party to the other as the case proceeds or may remain
suspended between them. The party on whom it rests must call evidence or take
the consequences which may not necessarily be adverse: for the place where the
burden eventually comes to rest does not necessarily decide the issue: because
at the end of the case the Court has to decide as a matter of fact whether the
inference should be drawn or not. These presumptions and burdens are therefore
provisional only. It is a mistake to raise these provisional presumptions into
propositions having the force of law. They are recognised by the law but their
force depends on ordinary good sense rather than on law. They are only guides
to the Court in deciding whether to infer the fact in issue or not. [emphasis
in original]

79 From the foregoing passages, it can be seen that there is an important
distinction to be drawn between the legal and evidential burdens in each case.
The former does not shift and stems from the trite proposition that he who
asserts a fact must prove that fact. The latter may shift over the course of
the proceedings and is simply an evidential aid to assist the court in
deciding whether, in any given case, a fact can be inferred from the
surrounding evidence and thus results in the legal burden of proof being
discharged.

The case of Seldon v Davidson

80 I have cited the above authorities and commentaries in some detail because
they are useful in aiding our understanding of the judgments delivered in
Seldon. This was a case which the Plaintiff relied on for the proposition that
once it proved the fact of payment of a sum of money in circumstances where a
presumption of advancement did not arise, then the evidential burden of
proving that the sum of money was not paid as a loan fell to the Defendant,
who would have to adduce evidence to discharge this evidential burden. In
Seldon, the plaintiff sued the defendant – her former chauffer and handyman –
for the return of a sum of money which she alleged she had lent him. The
defendant admitted receipt of the money but claimed that it had been a gift;
alternatively, that if the money was a loan, it was repayable only when he was
able to do so. On the case being called on for hearing, the plaintiff
submitted that it was for the defendant to begin, and the county court judge
so ruled. The defendant obtained an adjournment to appeal that ruling to the
Court of Appeal. When the appeal came before the Court of Appeal, the court
expressed reservations about whether the ruling by the county court judge had
been a “mere ruling in the course of the trial” which did not appear to fall
within the rules providing for appeals to the Court of Appeal. Having noted
their reservations, the court proceeded nevertheless to hold that it was not
prepared to say the county court judge had given a wrong ruling. The appeal
was dismissed.

81 In the trial before me, the Plaintiff relied in the main on the following
passage from the judgment of Willmer LJ in Seldon (at 1088B–G)

Payment of the money having been admitted, prima facie that payment imported
an obligation to repay in the absence of any circumstances tending to show
anything in the nature of a presumption of advancement. This is not a case of
father and child, or husband and wife, or any other such blood relationship
which could have given rise to a presumption of advancement …

[Referring to the case of Cary and others, executors of Greatorex v Gerrish
(1801) 4 Esp. 9 which was cited to the court] That is a case which no doubt
bears a certain similarity to the present case, but it is, I think,
distinguishable on grounds which appear from the judgment of Lord Kenyon. When
this question was discussed before him, he said:

‘No evidence is offered of the circumstances under which the draft was given;
it might be in payment of a debt due by the testator: or the defendant might
have given cash for it at the time.’

No such considerations arise in the present case; indeed they are clearly
ruled out, because we have from the defendant in this case a clear admission
of the payment of the money, and no suggestion that it was paid in settlement
of an existing debt, or that it was given in return for cash, or anything of
that sort. In the absence of any such circumstances, money paid by the
plaintiff in circumstances such as these is prima facie repayable on demand.
If the defendant seeks to evade repayment of the money which was paid to him,
it seems to me that the judge was right in placing the onus upon him to prove
the facts which he alleges show that the money was not repayable.

[emphasis added]

82 The Plaintiff also relied on the judgment by Edmund Davies LJ who had
agreed with Willmer LJ that “proof of payment imports a prima facie obligation
to repay the advancement in the absence of circumstances from which
presumption of advancement can or may arise”. The learned judge added that
while Willmer LJ had expressed the view that such a loan would be repayable on
demand, he took the view that “if not repayable on demand, [it was] at least
repayable within a reasonable time of a request for repayment” (at 1090F–G).

83 It should also be noted that whilst the county court judge in Seldon was
reported as having ruled that the defendant bore the legal burden of proving
one or other of his defences (at 1084F–G), neither Willmer LJ’s nor Edmund
Davies LJ’s judgment made any reference to the legal burden of proof being
imposed on the defendant instead of the plaintiff. Rather, their view appeared
to be that the defendant having admitted receipt of the money and it being
clear that no presumption of advancement arose on the facts, the trial should
proceed on the basis that it was for the defendant to call evidence of his
assertion that he had received the money as a gift. Whilst Willmer LJ referred
in his judgment to the “onus” being on the defendant to show that the money
was not repayable, it does not appear to me that he believed somehow that the
legal burden of proof had shifted to the defendant: in the same passage, he
made it clear that the inference that the money was repayable was only a
“prima facie” inference (see Seldon at 1088F–G). To paraphrase the words of
Denning J in Presumptions and Burdens, Willmer LJ appeared to be doing no more
than pointing out that the evidence of payment and the absence of
circumstances justifying a presumption of advance were enough to “make a
‘prima facie’ case … in the sense that from them the fact in issue [ie, the
obligation to repay] may be inferred, but not in the sense that it must be
inferred unless the contrary is proved” [emphasis in original].

84 Read in context, therefore, the proposition that proof of payment in the
absence of circumstances giving rise to a presumption of advancement “imports
a prima facie obligation to repay” the money paid really amounted to a
presumption of fact; namely, that a fact in issue in the loan claim – the
obligation to repay – “may be inferred, but not in the sense that it must be
inferred unless the contrary is proved”. Just like other presumptions (such as
the presumption of advancement), such a presumption is an evidential
instrument which operates where there is no direct evidence that may reveal
the intention of the parties: see for example Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye
Terence and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 at [59]. As Denning J noted in his
article, these factual presumptions are not inevitable in every case. These
points were made by the New Zealand High Court in Zheng and Yu and anor v Qiu
and Yu [2007] NZHC 1827 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

3 DBOA Tab 40.

(“Zheng v Qiu”) at [44] and [46], where Stevens J held that:

[44] It seems clear that the Court of Appeal in Seldon was speaking about a
factual presumption that it was prepared to apply in the particular
circumstances of that case. A factual presumption is to be distinguished from
a presumption of law (which may be rebuttable or irrebuttable) depending upon
its nature and legal characterisation. The basic difference between
presumptions of fact and law is the source from which they are derived.
Presumptions of law are derived from the law (for example from statute)
whereas presumptions of fact are derived from logic and common sense …

[46] With respect to factual presumptions, both the judgments of Willmer and
Edmund Davies LJJ in Seldon make it clear that it is not in every case that
the factual presumption (which they found could apply from a payment of money)
would be held to apply. In fact, the circumstances in the 19th century cases
of Cary and Welch were examples in which the presumption did not apply. The
principle that the English Court of Appeal was endorsing in Seldon was that
the presumption might not apply in circumstances where the payment was made in
settlement of an existing debt, or was given in return for cash or something
of that nature. Such an approach is consistent with the notion that, in the
case of factual presumptions, the Court may or may not decide to apply them
depending upon the particular circumstances of the case: see Cross & Tapper on
Evidence (9ed 1999) at 113-114.

85 In the context of a claimant such as the present Plaintiff who must prove
first that he paid the defendant money and secondly that there is an
obligation on the defendant’s part to repay the money, Seldon enables him to
submit to the court that once he proves payment in the absence of
circumstances justifying a presumption of advancement, a presumption arises of
the obligation to repay. Assuming this factual presumption applies, the
evidential burden then shifts to the defendant who must either call evidence
to prevent the claimant from discharging his legal burden of proof or take the
consequences. If the Defendant is able to discharge this evidential burden,
the evidential burden of proof shifts back to the Plaintiff to satisfy the
court that the money is repayable. In this respect, therefore, the Plaintiff’s
reading of Seldon 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

See [130] of Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions.

was in my view correct. Conversely, the Defendant was incorrect in submitting
that Seldon was “plainly inconsistent with section 103 of the [EA]” and with
“common law” rules on the “burden of proof on the party making an affirmative
claim”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

See [80] to [86] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

With respect, this submission was premised on a failure to appreciate the
distinction between legal and evidential burdens of proof and/or the nature of
the presumption which the English Court of Appeal in Seldon was espousing.

86 In a situation where there is no direct evidence available, the court - in
assessing whether the plaintiff has adduced enough evidence to make out his
case on a balance of probabilities – will need to draw inferences from the
available indirect evidence. Faced with a situation where one party advances
money to another with no discernible explanation for the payment of money
(such as a legal obligation to pay under a contract or a factual explanation
that the money was a gift to a family member), the natural inference that the
court is entitled to draw is that the sum of money was advanced as a loan
which would be repaid. Indeed, this is how rational parties who deal at arm’s
length typically behave – they do not give away money for no reason. Seen in
this light, it is entirely explicable why it should fall to the defendant to
raise plausible explanations for why the plaintiff may have advanced him the
money once the plaintiff has established that (i) the money was advanced and
(ii) on the face of it, there was no good reason why the money was advanced.
This also accords with Edmund Davis LJ’s statement that the ultimate question
in principle is “what is to be inferred as to the nature of the transaction
when the simple payment of money is proved or admitted between strangers”
[emphasis added] (at 1090F–G).

87 Another argument raised by the Defendant in claiming Seldon was wrongly
decided was the related point that the English Court of Appeal had wrongly
treated the defence in Seldon as being one of a plea of confession and
avoidance – and that this error had led it to impose the legal burden of proof
on the defendant. For the reasons explained at [83] to [86] above, I rejected
this argument.

88 Yet another argument raised by the Defendant related to its contention that
the judges in Seldon had erroneously “relied on resulting trust analysis to
justify the presumption that the monies paid were repayable on demand”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

See [91] to [92] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

In particular, the Defendant cited the judgment of Mason NPJ – delivering the
majority decision of the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal in Big Island
Construction (HK) Ltd v Wu Yi Development Co Ltd & anor [2015] 6 HKC 527 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

1DBOA Tab 3.

(“Big Island”) – at [91] to [98]. Inter alia, Mason NPJ had opined that “the
imposition of a resulting trust was designed evidently [by the appellate court
in Seldon] to justify an order for the repayment of the money paid on the
footing that it was a loan” (at [91]).

89 With respect, the above observation was not quite accurate. The decision
reached by the Court of Appeal in Seldon did not in fact involve “the
imposition of a resulting trust … to justify an order for the repayment of the
money paid on the footing that it was a loan”. No such order was made. On the
facts available, the Court of Appeal simply decided it was not wrong for the
trial to proceed on the basis that it was for the defendant to call evidence
of his assertion of a gift. There was no finding by the court that a resulting
trust had arisen on the facts. Nor did it appear that the two judges who
delivered judgments were unaware that the plaintiff “did not claim that there
was a resulting trust” in the house purchased by the defendant (as Mason NPJ
noted at [91]): both judges expressly referred to the plaintiff seeking
recovery of the money she had paid the defendant (see for example Seldon at
1087A–B and 1090B–C). Reading their judgments in context, it appeared to me
that the references to a resulting trust of the house meant no more than this:
if Seldon had been a case where the plaintiff was laying claim to an interest
in the house, then it being admitted that the purchase money came from her and
that the circumstances did not justify a presumption of advancement, a
presumption of resulting trust in the house would have arisen which the
defendant would have had to call evidence to rebut. Instead of claiming an
interest in the house, however, the plaintiff had claimed recovery of the
money paid. In such circumstances, bearing in mind the fact that a court would
have been ready to presume a resulting trust in the house had she claimed an
interest in it, the court should be ready to presume that the payment of the
money imported a prima facie obligation to repay.

90 The above reasoning would explain Willmer LJ’s remark that this was “not a
case of father and child, or husband and wife, or any other such blood
relationship which could have given rise to a presumption of advancement”. Mr
Sears (the defendant’s counsel) was (at 1088B–D, see also Edmund Davies LJ’s
decision at 1089H–1090A):

constrained to admit that the house which had been bought with the aid of the
money paid by the plaintiff was no doubt prima facie subject to a resulting
trust in favour of the plaintiff. That being so, it would be strange indeed if
the same considerations did not apply to the money paid by the plaintiff to
the defendant to assist him in the purchase of the house [emphasis added].

This would also explain why the English Court of Appeal has in a subsequent
case stated that Seldon was not a “trust case” but that it was “none the less
instructive”: Patel v Mirza [2014] EWCA Civ 1046 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

2PBOA Tab 24.

(“Patel v Mirza”) at [90].

91 I would respectfully add that insofar as it was suggested in Big Island
that “the proposition … that the payment of money prima facie imported an
obligation to repay” should be confined “so that it has no application at all
to commercial transactions” (at [99]), I did not see any sound logical or
policy reason to adopt such an approach. Seldon has certainly been applied by
other courts in cases involving commercial transactions. One example from
English case law is Re a company, ex parte Shooter; Re a company, ex parte
Broadhurst and others (No 2) [1991] BCLC 267 (“Re a company”). In that case,
Harman J was conducting an inquiry – in the context of minority oppression
proceedings – into the status and quantum of payments made to a football club
(the company) by one K (the chairman and controlling shareholder of the
company) and a company called CIP which K controlled. In finding that certain
amounts were due by the company to K and CIP, Harman J considered the decision
in Seldon and held (at 283g–i and 284a–b):

I accept that the law is as Edmund Davies LJ put it, ‘… when the simple
payment of money is proved or admitted between strangers … proof of payment
imparts a prima facie obligation to repay …’ It seems to me that ruling must
apply with additional force to payments by a limited company established for
trading purpose to another limited company …

From that proposition it was submitted that unless there were clear evidence
that a payment to a company was a gift, referred to in argument as a donation
which is merely a longer word for the same thing, the mere fact that [K] was
the chairman of the company and so perhaps likely to wish it well did not
establish that his payments were gifts. I accept that second proposition and
have tried to apply it to all payments by [K] to the company.

92 Another example of an application of Seldon in a case involving commercial
transactions is the New Zealand case of Barring Horticulture New Zealand Ltd
(in liq) v Barring & Anor [2016] NZHC 304, where the New Zealand High Court
held at [28] that:

the principle applicable to shareholder/director current accounts that
advances made without consideration, in the absence of evidence otherwise, are
repayable on demand, must apply equally to advances to related entities. The
case law relating to shareholder/director current accounts is a specific
example of a more general principle espoused in Seldon v Davidson.

As the New Zealand High Court in Zheng v Qiu has pointed out at [44] and [46]:

[44] the Court of Appeal in Seldon was speaking about a factual presumption
that it was prepared to apply in the particular circumstances of that case …

…

[46] … [B]oth the judgments of Willmer and Edmund Davies LJJ in Seldon make it
clear that it is not in every case that the factual presumption (which they
found could apply from a payment of money) would be held to apply.

There is no need to confine a factual presumption such as that set out in
Seldon to “non-commercial” cases, or indeed to any pre-defined category of
cases. After all, as Denning J put it in Presumptions and Burdens, the force
of factual presumptions “depends on ordinary good sense rather than on law.
They are only guides to the Court in deciding whether to infer the fact in
issue or not”.

93 I would also add that whilst in SCT Technologies, our Court of Appeal did
not comment on Seldon when it examined the decision in Big Island, this was
unsurprising given that the respondent in the appeal before it had from the
outset pleaded full repayment of the debt claimed and thus put the legal
burden on itself of proving such repayment. What is perhaps interesting, even
telling, is that having examined Big Island, the Court of Appeal held at [27]
that:

[w]hat Big Island demonstrates is that, if the Respondent in this case [ie, in
SCT Technologies] had simply run its defence on the basis that the debt
disclosed by the three invoices did not exist, then the burden would have been
squarely on the Appellant to prove that the debt did exist.

Whilst Mason NPJ had in Big Island “described the creditor in such a situation
as also carrying the burden of proving the debtor’s ‘failure to repay’”, the
Court of Appeal clarified that it understood him as simply saying “that the
creditor in these circumstances must prove that his claim is premised on a
subsisting debt in order to make good his case”: the court did:

not read this part of the judgment in Big Island as suggesting that the
creditor must conclusively show a lack of repayment on the part of the debtor
for that would essentially place on him (ie, the creditor) the all too onerous
burden of proving a negative

(SCT Technologies at [27]).

94 Following from the last observation, there would seem to be nothing in our
case law to suggest our courts have rejected or would be inclined to reject
Seldon. Indeed, whilst it may be true that Seldon has not been cited as the
ratio decidendi in a Singapore case, there are both High Court and Court of
Appeal decisions which refer to Seldon. Far from disagreeing with the court’s
reasoning in Seldon, our courts have either implicitly accepted that reasoning
or distinguished Seldon on the facts without doubting the correctness of the
English court’s decision.

95 In Wee Kah Lee v Silverdale Investment Pte Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 838 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

2PBOA Tab 35.

(“Wee Kah Lee”), the plaintiff and several other persons were shareholders in
the defendant company. The defendant was the developer of a residential
property. Each shareholder had contributed to the defendant’s paid-up capital
and advanced loans to the defendant for the purchase of the land, development
expenses and payment of interest on bank loans. The plaintiff sued the
defendant for the recovery of the sums he had advanced to it, claiming that
these were loans repayable on demand. The fact that the advances were loans
was not disputed: the question before the court was whether there should be an
implied term in respect of when the loans were repayable. Tay Yong Kwang JC
(as he then was) held that in order to give business efficacy to the property
development project, and applying the test of necessity, there should be an
implied term that the loans would be repaid only after all moneys due to the
defendant had been received and all creditors had been paid their dues. Tay JC
cited Seldon as an authority for this proposition. It is pertinent to note
that in so doing, he expressly acknowledged the principle stated in that case
that “[i]n ordinary circumstances, payment of money imports a prima facie
obligation to repay the money in the absence of circumstances from which a
presumption of advancement can or may arise” (at [42]).

96 In Lai Meng v Harjantho Johnny [1999] 2 SLR(R) 738 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

2DBOA Tab 22.

(“Lai Meng”), the appellant was a general manager in a company incorporated by
the respondent and his wife. The appellant was entitled to a share of the
company’s profits as part of his remuneration. Subsequently, when the
appellant’s friends Koh and Neo invested in the company, the appellant was
allotted 40,000 shares. The respondent sued the appellant for the repayment of
a loan of S$40,000 allegedly provided to the appellant to pay for his shares.
The appellant contended that he had given up his profit-sharing arrangement
with the company on the basis that it would be replaced by the allotment of
the 40,000 shares; and that he did not know whether the respondent and Koh had
paid for those shares or whether Koh alone had paid for the shares. The
district judge dismissed the respondent’s appeal but he appealed successfully
to the High Court. The appellant then appealed to the Court of Appeal which
allowed his appeal. The Court of Appeal noted that the district judge had
accepted the appellant’s assertion about giving up his profit sharing
arrangement with the company on the understanding that it was to be replaced
by the allotment of 40,000 shares in the company; and that the district judge
had also found that the appellant would not have accepted this arrangement if
he had been required to pay for the shares. The Court of Appeal also noted
that the appellant’s defence showed that he denied the existence of a loan and
asserted that he was not required to pay for the shares. It followed that it
was “open to the district judge to find that the appellant had not taken a
loan from the respondent even though Koh had not paid for the shares” (Lai
Meng at [13]). In coming to this conclusion, the Court of Appeal held that
this case was clearly distinguishable from Seldon whilst clearly – if
implicitly – accepting the principles stated in that case. The court explained
as follows (at [15]–[16]):

15 [In Seldon], Willmer LJ explained … that his decision was premised on the
fact that there had been a clear admission of the payment of the money, and
‘no suggestion that it was paid in settlement of an existing debt, or that it
was given in return for cash, or anything of that sort’. In the absence of
such circumstances, money paid by the plaintiff in circumstances such as these
is prima facie repayable on demand. As such, if the defendant wanted to evade
repayment of the money which was paid to him, the trial judge was right in
placing the onus upon him to prove that the money was not repayable …

16 Unlike the defendant in Seldon v Davidson, the appellant in the present
case denied that he had received any money from the respondent in the form of
a loan. He has proven that he took the 40,000 shares in exchange for his right
to a share of the company’s profits. Thus, although the respondent used his
own money to pay for the appellant’s 40,000 shares, it did not follow that the
money had been loaned by the respondent to the appellant to enable the
appellant to purchase the 40,000 shares in question …

The fact that our appellate court took pains to distinguish Seldon on the
facts clearly indicated its implicit acceptance of the correctness and
validity of the decision in that case.

97 The proposition highlighted above in Willmer LJ’s decision in Seldon has
also been reproduced in Specific Contracts at para 6.2.13. The same text cited
both Wee Kah Lee and Lai Meng as Singapore cases in which Seldon had been
referred to. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

See footnotes 35 and 36 to para 6.2.13.

98 I make two final points regarding Seldon. The first concerns whether Seldon
may be regarded as “representing English law” – which proposition the
Defendant demurs. In so demurring, the Defendant has had to concede that in
the last 50 years since the decision in Seldon, it has been consistently cited
as an authority by the English courts. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

See [71] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

Apart from Patel v Mirza, another example of a recent case is Chapman v Jaume
[2012] EWCA Civ 476, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

2DBOA Tab 8.

in which the English Court of Appeal had to deal with a dispute between two
co-habitants. One of them (Mr Chapman) had moved into the home of the other
(Mrs Jaume) and had paid for building works on the home. Subsequently, their
relationship ended, and Mr Chapman brought a claim for repayment of the
payments made for the building works. The first instance judge rejected his
claim. On appeal, his counsel cited Seldon to the Court of Appeal;
specifically, the passages from the judgments of Willmer and Edmund Davies LJJ
reproduced above at [81]–[82]. The Court of Appeal remarked that it was
unfortunate that the attention of the first instance judge had not been drawn
to Seldon (at [23]). Noting that there was authority that no presumption of
advancement existed between co-habitants, the Court of Appeal went on to apply
the reasoning in Seldon and concluded that “on the facts found by the judge,
he ought to have drawn the inference that the money was repayable within a
reasonable time after demand” (at [25])

99 Having examined the English cases mentioned by the Defendant in its closing
submissions, I rejected the Defendant’s statement that “none of the cases …
had critically reviewed [Seldon]”. If by that statement the Defendant meant
that the courts in these cases had blindly cited Seldon without considering
the import of the decision, that statement was both sweeping and baseless. If
on the other hand, all that the Defendant meant was that none of these cases
had expressed criticism of Seldon, that statement per se did nothing to
advance its case.

100 Having regard to the English cases in which Seldon has been applied, I
also did not think it credible for the Defendant to argue against its
application on the basis that the UK Supreme Court has yet to rule on it. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

See [72] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

. Until such time as the UK Supreme Court might express a different view, the
proposition in Seldon – that “proof of payment imports a prima facie
obligation to repay the advancement in the absence of circumstances from which
presumption of advancement can or may arise” – certainly represents the
current position in English law.

101 The second and final point I make regarding Seldon concerns the line of
Australian cases which the Defendant referred to (but did not elucidate) in
which Seldon was not followed. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

See [74] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

As the Defendant itself has observed, the courts in these cases rejected
Seldon on the basis that they were bound by the decision of the High Court of
Australia in Heydon v The Perpetual Executors, Trustees and Agency Co (W.A.)
Ltd [1930] 45 CLR 111 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

2DBOA Tab 16.

(“Heydon”). In this regard, it should be observed that Heydon was decided
before Seldon, and that the High Court’s judgment is a brief one. In Heydon,
the plaintiff brought a claim – as the executor of the estate of one Bessie
Albo de Bernales – for the recovery of a sum of £150 from the defendant on the
basis that this sum had been a loan by the deceased, or alternatively, on the
basis of money had and received. The defendant admitted receiving the
deceased’s cheque for £150 but alleged that the money was a gift. On appeal,
the High Court held (at 113) that the plaintiff bore “the burden of proving
the facts in support of either one or other cause of action set out in the
statement of claim”. Insofar as this appeared to be a reference to the legal
burden of proof, and having regard to the views I expressed above (at
[80]–[99]) on how Seldon may be understood, I did not think the High Court’s
decision in Heydon was in any way contrary to the reasoning adopted in Seldon.
Insofar as the evidential burden was concerned, it may be noted that the
defendant had given evidence of her friendship with the deceased and of the
deceased’s intention to make her a gift of the £150. The High Court recorded
that the plaintiff conceded he had “no further evidence to offer now than he
had then” (at 113), before going on to state that the “evidence thus given did
not satisfy any of the Judges that in fact any case had been made out, or that
the money had been lent, and it does not satisfy us either that any of the
allegations made in the statement of claim are correct.”

102 In the circumstances, it appeared to me that all the High Court in Heydon
was saying was that the legal burden of proof did not shift from the
plaintiff; and the defendant having given some evidence of her allegation
about a gift to which the plaintiff had no further evidence in response, the
evidential burden to give some explanation of the fact that she received the
money would have been discharged. Since the plaintiff did not have any further
evidence to contradict the defendant’s explanation, the legal burden, which
had always remained on the plaintiff, was not discharged. Thus, insofar as the
Australian cases that the Defendant cited had declined to follow Seldon on the
basis of Heydon, I would respectfully differ from the analysis in those cases.
For the reasons set out above, I was of the view that the decision of the High
Court of Australia in Heydon only dealt with the issue of the legal burden,
not the evidential burden; and to that extent it could be read consistently
with Seldon.

103 I summarise the applicable legal principles as follows:

(a) A loan is in essence a payment of money to or for someone on the condition
that it will be repaid.

(b) Accordingly, the Plaintiff must prove first that it paid the Defendant
money; and secondly that there is an obligation on the Defendant’s part to
repay the money.

(c) The English authority of Seldon is applicable in Singapore law.

(d) Seldon does not alter the general principles on legal burden of proof
which are encapsulated in ss 103 to 105 of our EA. Instead, Seldon enables the
Plaintiff to submit that once he proves payment in the absence of
circumstances justifying a presumption of advancement or any other plausible
explanation as to why the sum of money was advanced, the court is entitled to
infer that the sum of money was meant to be repaid and thus a presumption
arises of the obligation to repay. The question really is whether in each case
there is something in the circumstances surrounding the payment of money that
would disentitle the plaintiff from asking the court to infer that an
obligation to repay can be inferred from the payment of money. It is a factual
question to be evaluated on a case-by-case basis. Assuming the factual
presumption applies, the evidential burden shifts to the Defendant. If the
Defendant is able to discharge this evidential burden, the evidential burden
of proof shifts back to the Plaintiff to satisfy the court that the money is
repayable. If no evidence in rebuttal is adduced by the Defendant, it may be
concluded from the Plaintiff’s evidence that the legal burden is also
discharged and a finding against the Defendant may be made on the issue of its
obligation to repay.

104 Having set out the applicable legal principles, I turn now to explain how
these principles applied to the facts of the present case.

Application to the facts

105 The Defendant s arguments in rebuttal of the Plaintiff’s case on the loan
claims fell into two main categories. First, the Defendant focused on
criticising the evidence adduced by the Plaintiff. The upshot of these
criticisms appeared to be that the Plaintiff could not invoke the presumption
of fact in Seldon because the Plaintiff could not rely on the evidence which
showed that the transfers had been made. Second, the Defendant referred to
some other documents which, in its submission, showed that the transfers of
the sums of money were for reasons other than loans. This second set of
arguments appeared to go towards the submission that even if the presumption
of fact in Seldon applied and the evidential burden shifted to the Defendant,
the burden was discharged. I address each of these categories of criticisms in
turn.

The Defendant’s criticism of the quality of the Plaintiff’s evidence

106 In its amended Defence the Defendant had put the Plaintiff to strict proof
of the relevant transfers of monies on which the loan claims were premised. In
its closing submissions, however, the Defendant conceded that “there is
evidence of the Alleged Transfers”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

See [26] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

Notwithstanding this concession, the Defendant argued that the Plaintiff could
not rely on its own accounts as evidence, nor could it rely on the Defendant’s
accounts as evidence because the Defendant was an affiliate of the Plaintiff.
The Defendant thus appeared to be arguing that although these accounts showed
that the transfers had been made, the Plaintiff could not rely on either set
of accounts and thus the Plaintiff had failed to establish that the transfers
of money had been carried out.

107 I rejected these submissions for the reasons that follow.

(1) Whether the Plaintiff could rely on its own accounts as evidence

108 First, the Defendant argued that s 34 of the EA precluded the Plaintiff
from relying “exclusively” on its own accounts to establish the Defendant’s
liability for the claimed loans. This proposition did not take the Defendant’s
case very far, since the Plaintiff did not dispute it as a general statement
of principle. Instead, the Plaintiff asserted that its case was supported not
just by its own accounts but by other documentary evidence including the
Defendant’s audited financial statements and documents relating to the Wuxi
restructuring exercise. In this respect, therefore, the present case was
clearly distinguishable on the facts from the cases cited by the Defendant.

109 In Chandradhar v Gauhati Bank 1967 AIR 1058 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

2DBOA Tab 7.

(“Chandradhar”), for example, where the respondents (a bank) sued the
appellants for the recovery of monies allegedly advanced to them, one of the
main questions raised in the High Court was whether a sum of Rs 10,000 was
proved to have been advanced to the appellants on 19 March 1947. The
appellants denied any such advance, and the main appellant – in whose name the
bank account was – gave testimony. The respondents did not produce any
evidence of it other than a copy of an entry in their account books which
simply stated: “To amount paid to Gauhati branch as per D/advice, dated 6th
March 1947”. The appellants disputed that the advance had been proved and
cited s 34 of the Indian Evidence Act (which is in pari materia with our s
34). In hearing the appellant’s appeal against the judgment given by the High
Court, the Indian Supreme Court held that in light of the appellants’
pleadings and the main appellant’s testimony (at 1968):

… the bank had to prove that the sum of Rs. 10,000 was in fact advanced on
March 19, 1947, and could not rely on mere entries in the books of accounts
for that purpose. This is clear from the provision in s. 34 of the Evidence
Act … Section 34 says that such entry alone shall not be sufficient evidence,
and so some independent evidence had to be given by the bank to show that this
sum was advanced.

110 The court noted that the bank had merely produced the single entry in the
account books; and that the only witness called on behalf of the bank was an
officer who had nothing to do with the branch where the transactions had been
entered into. In the court’s view:

[i]f this amount of Rs. 10,000 was paid by the bank on the order of the
appellants or any one of them that order should have been produced in support
of the entry, and then the entry would have been helpful to the bank as a
corroborative piece of evidence. But the bank did nothing of the kind.

Having regard to s 34 of the EA, therefore, the appellants could not be
charged with liability for the sum of Rs 10,000.

111 From the above, it is clear that the evidence relied on by the respondents
in Chandradhar was so sparse as to be non-existent. This was certainly not the
position the present Plaintiff found itself in.

112 Also clearly distinguishable on the facts was the Singapore case of Re
Ice-Mack Pte Ltd (in liquidation) [1989] 2 SLR(R) 283 (“Re Ice-Mack”). In this
case, the applicant company – AA Valibhoy & Sons (1907) Pte Ltd – filed a
proof of debt against Ice-Mack Pte Ltd (“the company”) which was in
liquidation. The applicant and the company were associate companies as they
were both managed by one Mr Mohd Yunus Valibhoy who was a director of both
companies and held a “dominant position” in both.

113 On the applicant’s appeal against the liquidator’s rejection of its proof
of debt for a sum of S$2,428,418.49, the High Court noted that the applicant
had presented its case “in a series of bits and pieces”, and that its case
“depended almost entirely on the acceptance of the evidence of its accountants
and its own audited accounts, which it allowed to surface at need” (at [20]).
In gist, the evidence offered by the applicant to substantiate its claims
comprised – apart from its own audited accounts – pages extracted from its own
ledgers, an isolated certificate from its own accountants, and an audit
confirmation signed by Mr Valibhoy himself. Despite the liquidator repeatedly
requesting documentary evidence of the alleged debt (such as “credit and debit
notes, the vouchers and receipts, and other documentary evidence”), such
evidence was not forthcoming (at [21]). The court also noted that in
exhibiting extracts from its own audited accounts, the applicant had gotten
itself into “an unenviable position” whereby it appeared that “as at 31
December 1982, just before it was wound up on 11 March 1983, the company did
not owe any money to the applicant at all”; that in fact, the audited accounts
as at end 1982 appeared to show Mr Valibhoy himself owing the applicant
S$2,538,190.19; and that it appeared the applicant had then found it
“necessary” to “reconstruct its claim against the company” (at [9]). This it
sought to do by producing the certificate from its accounts which purported to
“confirm” that a sum of S$2,428,418.49 owing from the company to the applicant
had been “transferred to the account of [Mr Valibhoy]”; and it was then
alleged by Mr Valibhoy that he had agreed with the applicant that despite the
“transfer” of the S$2,428,418.49 debt to him, the applicant would claim the
said sum from the liquidator and account to him for the same (at [8]–[9]).
However, as the court pointed out in its judgment, “no evidence at all was
produced to substantiate this averment of an important agreement” (at [10]).
It was in this context that the High Court made the following remarks:

Given the close relationship between these two associate companies, the
dominant position in them of Mr Valibhoy and his family, the paradoxical
situation in this case in which the person now filing all the affidavits on
behalf of the applicant was the same person who controlled and managed the
company before it was wound up, and the great ease with which inter-company
transactions between the companies were clearly devised and implemented, it
was necessary at the very least to put the applicant to strict proof of its
assertions.

114 To quote the Court of Appeal in the subsequent case of Fustar at [15]
(supra [53]), Re Ice-Mack was a case where:

It appeared to the court that Mr Valibhoy was attempting to secure a claim at
the expense of other legitimate creditors. Given the absence of any primary
supporting documents, the presence of worrying discrepancies in the creditors’
own audited accounts and Mr Valibhoy’s own contradictory explanations, the
court unhesitatingly rejected the proof of debt.

The facts of Re Ice-Mack were thus very far from those of the present case.

115 In Popular Industries Ltd v Eastern Garment Manufacturing Sdn Bhd [1989] 3
MLJ 360 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

1DBOA Tab 5.

(“Popular Industries”), the plaintiffs claimed that the defendants had failed
to deliver goods allegedly contracted for and that they were entitled to loss
of profit resulting from the non-delivery. The plaintiff sought to prove the
alleged loss of profit by relying on the oral testimony of their auditor and a
sheet of calculations he produced. It was not disputed that the auditor’s
testimony and his sheet of calculations were based on the plaintiff’s account
books – but strangely, these accounts were never produced in evidence. Edgar
Joseph Jr J found this a “glaring omission” and held the auditor’s oral
evidence as well as the sheet of calculations inadmissible as a result.

116 In the present case, the Defendant has cited Edgar Joseph Jr J’s further
remarks to the effect that even had the plaintiffs’ accounts been produced in
evidence, they:

… could not by themselves have been sufficient to charge the defendants with
liability having regard to the provisions of s 34 of the Evidence Act so that
the entries themselves would have had to be proved by someone having personal
knowledge of the transactions reflected in such entries. The accountant and
auditor Mr So, despite what he might say, was not such a person as he, like
any accountant, would of necessity have to rely upon information derived from
documentary sources and explanations provided by his clients when preparing
the accounts.

117 It would be neither appropriate nor helpful, however, merely to refer to
these remarks in isolation from the facts of Popular Industries. The auditor
(Mr So) in Popular Industries was the sole witness giving evidence to prove
the plaintiffs’ claim for loss of profits. In so doing, he purported to
testify as to the plaintiffs’ sales performance, overhead expenses and profit
margins over a five-year period. These were transactions which the defendants
had no part in and were not privy to. Indeed, Mr So admitted that all his
figures were simply derived from the plaintiffs’ own account books and were
not corroborated by any other evidence before the court. In those
circumstances, it was hardly surprising that Edgar Joseph Jr J should have
rejected his assertion that “the plaintiffs would have realized the profits
shown” in his sheet of calculations had they received the contracted goods. As
the learned judge put it (quoting Wadegaonkar J in Beni v Bisan Dayal & Anor
AIR (1925) Nag 445):

[m]ere entries in books of account are not by themselves sufficient to charge
any person with liability (vide s 34 of the Evidence Act). The reason is that
a man cannot be allowed to make evidence for himself by what he chooses to
write in his own books behind the back of third parties.

118 In contrast, in the present case the fund transfers for the claimed loans
were not only evidenced by supporting documents such as credit and debit
notes, instructions to banks and the like, and recorded in the Plaintiff’s own
accounts as receivables due from the Defendant; they were also recorded in the
Defendant’s accounts as liabilities owed to the Plaintiff. In addition, as
seen from Jong’s evidence (summarised earlier at [24] to [32]), the purposes
for which the Plaintiff said the fund transfers were made all related to
payments which the Defendant had to make – payments relating to investment in
a mining project, to enable a shareholder loan to an indirect subsidiary, to
finance the purchase of shares – and these corresponding pay-outs were also
recorded in the Defendant’s accounts. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

See the Defendant’s reporting package for the period up to 28 Feb 2014, pp
168–182 of the Plaintiff’s Supplemental Bundle of Documents (“2PBD”),
especially pp 169 and 174.

119 The Defendant argued that the Plaintiff should not be permitted to rely on
the evidence of the entries in the Defendant’s accounts. For one, it was
alleged that no “granular breakdown” had been provided of the total debt
amount of either US$288,602,584 shown in the Defendant’s last available set of
audited financial statements as at 31 December 2011, or of the
US$288,604,546.63 shown in the Defendant’s reporting package as at 28 February
2014.

120 I did not think this allegation was accurate. As the Plaintiff has pointed
out, the sub-ledger in the Defendant’s reporting package for the period up to
28 February 2014 recorded each transaction entered into by the Defendant in
its lifetime. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

See pp 168–182 2PBD.

The figures for the individual transactions – when summed up – tallied with
the total indebtedness to the Plaintiff shown in the Defendant’s audited
financial statements and in the Plaintiff’s own accounts.

(2) Whether the Plaintiff could rely on the Defendant’s accounts as evidence

121 Next, the Defendant argued that the Plaintiff should not be permitted to
rely on the Defendant’s accounts because “a claimant cannot rely on its
affiliate’s account books as corroborative evidence to prove a debt owing as
between them”. According to the Defendant, insofar as the main source of the
information in the Plaintiff’s and the Defendant’s accounts were concerned, Dr
Shi was the common thread, which meant that the Defendant’s accounts could not
serve as independent corroborative evidence for the Plaintiff’s claims. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

See [56] to [58] of the Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

The Defendant cited SIC College of Business and Technology Pte Ltd v Yeo Poh
Siah and others [2016] 2 SLR 118 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

2DBOA Tab 30.

(“SIC College”) as authority for this proposition.

122 First, insofar as the Defendant was suggesting that SIC College had
established a general principle barring a corporate plaintiff from relying on
the accounts of a related entity as evidence of a debt owing between them,
this was clearly an inaccurate over-statement. In SIC College, the respondents
– Ken Yeo, Koo and Chua – were three former employees of the appellant. The
appellant sued the respondents claiming that they were parties to a scheme to
enrich a company they had set up at the appellant’s expense. Nearly a year
after the writ was first filed, Ken Yeo brought a counterclaim against the
appellant allegedly arising from 18 advances made to the appellant on a
running account basis. The appellant denied that there had been any such
advances and instead alleged that Ken Yeo had used the accounting books to
create fictitious entries. At the trial of the counterclaim, the key piece of
evidence relied on by Ken Yeo was a print-out from the appellant’s system,
which purported to list the alleged 18 transactions on a running account
basis. The appellant challenged the evidence of the print-out. The trial judge
eventually allowed Ken Yeo’s counterclaim after excluding several
transactions. In allowing the appeal and ordering a retrial, the Court of
Appeal made the following observations:

52 The Appellant contends that the key piece of evidence relied upon by the
Judge was the Printout. The Printout had been extracted from the Appellant’s
system and provided by Koo, but Koo was not called to give evidence, and the
admissibility of this piece of evidence was challenged on the basis of
hearsay. While the Printout was prima facie admissible under s 32(1)(b) of the
Evidence Act as a statement made in the course of trade, business, profession
or other occupation, the court is nevertheless required to properly consider
the discretion to exclude such evidence under s 32(3). This involves a
balancing exercise involving weighing the significance of the evidence against
its unreliability or other harm which might compromise fair adjudication (with
the effect of being substantively unjust or procedural oppressive) …

54 … [T]he Judge found that even though Ken Yeo was not the person who made
the entries, he was the supplier of the information on the transactions, which
were (partly) substantiated by bank statements … However, the Printout was
relied on to corroborate or prove Ken Yeo’s assertions, which was that the
moneys were transferred on a certain basis … One of the reasons why Koo should
have been called in the first place is to examine the veracity of facts found
within the Printout …

55 While it was ultimately within the scope of the Judge’s discretion to admit
the evidence, the admission of the Printout was not in itself sufficient,
without other evidence, to prove a debt because s 34 of the Evidence Act
states that such statements ‘shall not alone be sufficient evidence to charge
any person with liability’. The obvious danger of relying on account book
entries is even greater if the claimant or one of his affiliates was the one
who was making the records. This danger remains even if accountants had given
an unqualified opinion on the previous consolidated accounts that formed the
basis for the first transaction on the ledger.

[emphasis in original]

123 It is plain from the above extract that the Court of Appeal did not lay
down any general principle barring a corporate plaintiff from relying on the
accounts of a related entity to show a debt owing between them. Instead, the
court was concerned with highlighting the “obvious danger” of a claimant in a
case relying on records that he himself – or someone affiliated to him – had
made in order to prove his claim. This is practical good sense. Whether in any
case the “danger” of allowing a claimant to adduce accounting entries he (or
his “affiliate”) has made as evidence of his claim is so great as to render
that evidence “unreliable” – or to “compromise fair adjudication” – is a
question that can only be answered on a case-by-case basis. It should be noted
that in the same passage in which it made these remarks, the Court of Appeal
also stated that it was within the scope of the trial judge’s discretion to
admit the evidence of the print-out. The court went on to hold that whilst
there was “some merit” to the appellant’s arguments, “taking the evidence that
was considered by the Judge in isolation” [emphasis in original], it was
“unable to say that Ken Yeo ha[d] failed to discharge his burden of proof on
the counterclaim” (at [57]).

124 In any event, the Defendant’s argument ignored a number of important
factual differences between SIC College and the present case. Based on the
facts in SIC College, there was basis for the court to conclude that Koo (who
had prepared the print-out) was someone “affiliated” with Ken Yeo: in
particular, together with Chua, they had filed a common defence to the
appellant’s claims against them (at [14] and [16]). In contrast, in the
present case, there was no evidence to suggest that David King – who had, as
financial controller of the Suntech Power group, overseen the preparation of
the accounts by the group’s accounting department in Wuxi – was in some way
“affiliated” with Dr Shi and/or that he was somehow “not independent” of Dr
Shi. Even more importantly, the Defendant’s argument ignored the fact that in
SIC College, the person who had supplied the information on the transactions
in the print-out (Ken Yeo) was the very person whose claim the print-out was
intended to prove (Ken Yeo). This was clearly not the case before me, where
the person alleged to have been the main source of the information in the
Defendant’s accounts (Dr Shi) was not the person putting forward the claims
which these accounts were said to provide corroborative evidence of (the
Plaintiff in liquidation).

125 I also noted that the Defendant made the rather sweeping submission that
documents emanating from the Wuxi restructuring should not be regarded as
independent corroborative evidence but failed to explain why this was so apart
from making the bald statement that the documents had been signed by Dr Shi
and David King when they “were the Plaintiff’s officer holders”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

[58] of the Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

Having regard to my findings at [119]–[124] above, I did not see how this fact
in itself could render the Wuxi restructuring documents so unreliable that
reliance on them would compromise fair adjudication.

126 In considering the evidential value of the Wuxi restructuring documents, I
did bear in mind the fact that they referred to the Defendant’s total
indebtedness to the Plaintiff and did not go into a detailed breakdown of the
individual transactions which made up the total debt figure. It must be
remembered, however, that the Liquidators arrived at the Defendant’s total
indebtedness vis-à-vis the Plaintiff after a comprehensive examination and
summation of individual transactions. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

See eg, [36] to [88] of Jong’s AEIC.

That the total debt figure they arrived at tallies with the figures in the
Defendant’s accounts and the Wuxi restructuring documents demonstrates a
certain degree of consistency which went towards assisting the Plaintiff to
shift the evidential burden to the Defendant.

127 I should add that whilst the Defendant accused the Liquidators of trying
to “reverse engineer the figures”, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

[48] of the Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

this allegation was not borne out. The Defendant’s only argument in this
respect appeared to be based on the fact that the Liquidators’ summation of
the individual transactions tallied with the total debt figures shown in the
Defendant’s accounts and the Wuxi restructuring documents. This amounted
really to a circular argument which – if accepted – would have placed the
Liquidators in an impossible “Catch-22” position. If their summation of the
individual transactions had not resulted in a total debt figure matching the
total indebtedness in the Defendant’s accounts and/or the Wuxi restructuring
documents, no doubt the Defendants would have said that such discrepancy
showed the Liquidators’ computations to be arbitrary and baseless – and yet
perversely, when the summation of the individual liabilities tallied exactly
with the total debt shown in the other documents, such consistency was
denounced as being indicative of “reverse engineering”. Moreover, insofar as
the Defendant appeared to be insinuating some sleight of hand on the
Liquidators’ part, this was entirely unwarranted. As seen from Jong’s evidence
(summarised earlier at [24] to [32]), each individual transaction making up
the Defendant’s total indebtedness to the Plaintiff was evidenced not only by
entries in the parties’ accounts but also by other documentary evidence such
as payment applications, instructions to banks, bank credit/debit notes, and
(where applicable) contractual documents and bills. The Liquidators’
computations have been carefully explained on affidavit; and I did not find
their explanations at all contrived.

128 The Defendant also argued that in any event, insofar as proving the four
loan claims was concerned, the Plaintiff must be barred from referring to
evidence of any fund transfers or individual transactions or liabilities other
than the four loan claims per se. According to the Defendant, evidence of all
other transactions apart from the four loan claims was “inadmissible” because
“none of [the other transactions] were pleaded”; 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

[52] of the Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

and a party could not lead evidence on matters which had not been pleaded.

129 The Defendant cited Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd (in receivership) v
Intraco Ltd and others [1992] 2 SLR(R) 382 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

2DBOA Tab 25.

(“Multi-Pak”) (at [24]) for the above proposition. With respect, however,
Multi-Pak provided no support for the Defendant’s argument. The passages in
the judgment which precede the paragraph relied on by the Defendant made it
clear that the Court of Appeal was simply reaffirming the well-established
principle that facts material to a party’s claim (or defence) must be pleaded
(see Multi-Pak at [22]–[23]). This principle is encapsulated in O 18 r 7(1) of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). The same rule – which the
appellate court cited at [22] of Multi-Pak – states clearly that it is
material facts which must be pleaded, “but not the evidence by which those
facts are to be proved”. In respect of the four loan claims, the material
facts were the transfer of the relevant sums of money, the purpose of these
transfers, and the obligation on the Defendant’s part to repay the sums. These
have been pleaded by the Plaintiff. In respect of other transactions which did
not form part of the four loan claims, these formed evidence which went
towards supporting the Plaintiff’s case on the four alleged loans.

130 The Defendant contended that the Plaintiff’s reliance on evidence of
transactions other than the four alleged loans constituted an “ambush” which
had “effectively deprived the Defendant of an opportunity to properly
investigate and respond to these transactions”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

[53] of the Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

With respect, this contention was in my view disingenuous. At the very latest,
the Defendant would have been well aware upon receipt of Jong’s AEIC of 24
April 2017 that the Plaintiff was making reference to evidence of transactions
other than the four alleged loans. The previous 2017 trial dates had been
vacated by virtue of the Defendant’s last-minute striking-out application. I
found it unbelievable that the Defendant should have had no opportunity at all
to “investigate and respond to these transactions” in the intervening period.

131 It must also be pointed out that throughout these proceedings, the
Defendant had repeatedly asserted prior to the trial its lack of access to
relevant documents and lamented its disadvantaged position as a result of this
alleged lack of access. In Bai Yun’s 13th affidavit filed on 9 February 2018,
for example, it was stated that when he and the present directors of the
Defendants took over, “the Defendant had no documents relating to the Audits”
previously conducted of its finances, and that it was the Plaintiff which had
disclosed “records purportedly belonging to the Defendant”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

See pp 2–3 of that affidavit.

However, shortly after the completion of evidence-taking in the trial and
prior to the filing of closing arguments, the Defendant chose – in an
astonishing turn of events – to file a sixth supplementary list of documents.

132 The documents thus disclosed comprised various accounting records and
other documents of the Defendant. Neither party sought leave from me to put in
any of these documents, but what was telling was that the affidavit verifying
this sixth supplementary list was filed by the Defendant’s director Bai Yun
113

##### Foot Note 113

×

16th affidavit of Bai Yun filed on 13 June 2018.

(who did not appear as a witness at the trial) and stated that the documents
had been obtained by the Defendant from Wuxi Suntech. Even more tellingly,
statements made by Bai Yun in his affidavit revealed that the Defendant had
apparently been able to obtain documents from Wuxi Suntech without difficulty.
According to Bai Yun’s affidavit, when it “became clear to the Defendant” in
“the course of the trial” that a certain issue had to be checked arising from
documents adduced by the Plaintiffs, the Defendants made a request to Wuxi
Suntech – and were provided with images of the relevant documents “on 16 May
2018, which were then tendered to Court on the same day” (ie, the third day of
the trial). When as a follow-up the Plaintiff’s solicitors asked on 22 May
2018 to inspect the originals, the Defendants made a further request to Wuxi
Suntech – and within a week, the documents were forwarded by Wuxi Suntech to
the Defendant’s solicitors. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

See [6] to [8] of Bai Yun’s 16th affidavit.

133 In short, it appeared to me that not only did the Defendant have ample
lead time to investigate the transactions other than the four alleged loans,
it had the means to obtain its own evidence to “respond” if it so wished.

(3) Conclusion on the Defendant’s criticism of the Plaintiff’s evidence

134 For the foregoing reasons, in my judgment, the Plaintiff was entitled to
rely on both its own accounts and the accounts of the Defendant in
establishing that the relevant transfers had been carried out. The Defendant
did not allege that there was any presumption of advancement which operated in
its favour vis-à-vis these transfers – nor did the facts before me suggest
that a presumption of advancement should be invoked.

135 Applying Seldon, therefore, a presumption arose that the Defendant was
obliged to repay the monies. With the operation of this presumption, the
evidential burden in the case shifted to the Defendant; and it was up to the
Defendant to discharge that evidential burden.

136 I would add that even if I was wrong in my analysis of Seldon and that the
mere fact of the transfers coupled with the lack of evidence of any
presumption of advancement did not mean that a presumption of fact in favour
of the Plaintiff arose, I would have independently drawn that inference from
the evidence that the Plaintiff adduced. For the reasons I have set out in
this section, I found that the documentary evidence was sufficiently detailed
and cogent such that, in the absence of further explanation by the Defendant,
I would have reached the conclusion that the Plaintiff had transferred the
sums of money to the Defendant as loans. It would then also be incumbent on
the Defendant to furnish an explanation for these transfers.

The Defendant’s submission that the transfers were not meant to be loans

137 In attempting to discharge its evidential burden, the Defendant contended
that there was evidence showing that the transfers were never meant to be
loans. I also did not accept these arguments for the reasons that follow.

138 First, in respect of the alleged loan of US$27,000,015, the Defendant
harped on the fact that the documentation relating to this transaction had
described the transfer of this sum from the Plaintiff to the Defendant as a
“transfer” and had not used the word “loan” – whereas the subsequent transfer
of this sum from the Defendant to Rietech (the Defendant’s subsidiary) was
described in the documentation as a “Shareholder Loan to Rietech for capital
injection to Zhenjiang Rende”. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

See [29] of the Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

The Defendant contended that “[i]f the parties had meant to treat the initial
fund transfer – or for that matter, any of the Alleged Fund Transfers – from
the Plaintiff to the Defendant as a ‘loan’, they would have described it as
exactly that”. For the reasons explained earlier (see [69]–[73] above), I did
not find this argument to be of any persuasive force.

139 Secondly, the Defendant argued that the US$27,000,015 transfer could not
be a loan because in a management representation letter dated 16 August 2012
116

##### Foot Note 116

×

See p 95 of 2PBD at [28].

signed by Dr Shi and David King (the then-financial controller of the Suntech
Power group), in referring to this transfer by the Plaintiff and a
corresponding transfer of US$10m by SPH to the Defendant, it had been stated:

[i]n 2010, there was a transfer of funds from [SPH] and [the Plaintiff] to
[Rietech] for the capital investment and injection in [Rietech] of
US$37,000,015. We confirm that [the Defendant] acts as a middle party in this
arrangement. In the event that [Rietech] defaults on the payment of the amount
owing from [Rietech] to us, we will not be liable to repay the same amount to
[SPH] and [the Plaintiff]. [emphasis added]

140 The management representation letter of 16 August 2012 was provided to the
Defendant’s auditors Deloitte, in connection with the audit of the Defendant’s
financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2011. Having
considered [28] of the letter against the contents of the Defendant’s audited
financial statements for that financial year, I did not find that this
paragraph had the effect of negating any obligation on the Defendant’s part to
repay the US$27,000,015 received from the Plaintiff. As seen from the
italicised words above, the representation that the Defendant would “not be
liable to repay” the amount to the Plaintiff was plainly stated to be
conditional on a default by Rietech in repaying the Defendant. In the audited
financial statements, the amount of US$27,000,015 continued to be included in
the liabilities owed by the Defendant to the Plaintiff as at 31 December 2011,
thereby accounting for the total amount of US$288,602,584 shown to be payable
to the Plaintiff. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

See note 11 at p 24 of the Defendant’s audited financial statements for the FY
ending 31 Dec 2015 (at p 92 of the AEIC filed on 4 May 2018 by the auditor
Seah Gek Choo); also [82] and Table 5 of Jong’s AEIC.

Indeed, when asked by the Defendant’s counsel whether [28] of the management
representation letter was “a qualification to the fact that 37 million is
recorded as a liability of [the Defendant] to SPH and [the Plaintiff]”, Seah
Gek Choo – the witness from Deloitte – stated firmly that “the 37 is part of
the year-end balance”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

See transcript of 16 May 2018, 86:8 to 87:7.

Asked how she would satisfy herself whether there had been a default by
Rietech, she testified that “[i]n this case, it’s not relevant because, as at
the year end, there was no indication of default”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

See transcript of 17 May 2018, 19:9 to 19:25.

I would add that there has been no evidence of any subsequent default by
Rietech. In the circumstances, I found no merit in the Defendant’s argument in
relation to the amount of the US$27,000,015.

141 Next, in respect of the alleged loan of US$20m, the Defendant contended
that “the Plaintiff’s own evidence shows that the funds were the Defendant’s
own funds”. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

See [61(a)] of the Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

The basis for this contention appeared to be an internal email dated 15
December 2010 which alluded to the funds for the US$20m transfer coming from
the proceeds of sale of “Asia Silicon”. The Defendant alleged that Asia
Silicon was its subsidiary company. However, this allegation did not appear to
be borne out on the evidence available. As the Plaintiff pointed out, the
evidence available suggested that Asia Silicon had become the Plaintiff’s
subsidiary by the time of the sale to Gigawise: the Defendant’s own sub-ledger
records showed that in December 2010, the Plaintiff had incurred a liability
to the Defendant for “Transfer of Asia Silicon shares”, and that this had the
effect of increasing the Plaintiff’s total liabilities vis-à-vis the Defendant
from US$2,999,979.05 to US$22,999,979.05. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

See p 174 of 2PBD. For the financial year ending 31 December 2010, the
Defendant’s audited financial statements also recorded that Asia Silicon was
“disposed of during the year for a cash consideration of approximately US$20
million” but did not specify the party to whom the company was transferred:
see p 109 of PCBD Tab C.

142 As an aside, I should add that I found it odd that although the issue of
the provenance of the US$20m was mentioned by He Yue in the AEIC he affirmed
on 7 April 2017 (at para 97), He Yue was withdrawn as a witness at the last
minute during the trial, thereby depriving the Plaintiff of the opportunity to
test the allegations he had made and leaving the Defendant with no factual
witnesses. More importantly, the assertion that the US$20m transfer was not
repayable because it came from the Defendant’s own funds was never pleaded as
part of the Defence. Considering that this was a positive assertion, there was
no excuse for the Defendant’s failure to plead this. Since “the court cannot
make a finding based on facts which have not been pleaded” (per the Court of
Appeal in Ong Seow Pheng and others v Lotus Development Corp and another
[1997] 2 SLR(R) 113 (“Ong Seow Pheng”) at [41]), I had no hesitation in
rejecting the Defendant’s argument in relation to the amount of US$20m.

143 Finally, the Defendant’s Closing Submissions put forward – for the first
time in these proceedings – the proposition that the alleged loan transactions
were really “intended to be investments”. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

See [64] of the Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

The Defendant did not explain what exactly the terms of this “investment” were
– but more fundamentally, this proposition was also never pleaded and no
evidence at all was adduced to support it. In the circumstances, I had no
hesitation in rejecting this argument as well.

144 Accordingly, since the Defendant had not provided any explanation for the
fact of the transfers, I found that it had not discharged the evidential
burden that was placed upon it by virtue of Seldon. The factual presumption
that the Defendant was obliged to repay the sums transferred thus remained.

Summary of my findings in relation to the four alleged loans

145 I summarise my findings in relation to the four alleged loans as follows:

(a) The relevant fund transfers having been conceded and there being no
presumption of advancement in this case, there was prima facie an obligation
on the Defendant’s part to repay the monies by virtue of the Seldon
presumption. The evidential burden in respect of the Plaintiff’s loan claims
thus shifted to the Defendant.

(b) Even assuming that I was wrong in my analysis of Seldon or that Seldon was
for any reason inapplicable, having regard not just to the Plaintiff’s
financial records but also to the Defendant’s audited financial statements and
other accounting records and to the Wuxi restructuring documents, the totality
of the evidence adduced by the Plaintiff sufficed for me to infer that the
Defendant had an obligation to repay and to shift the evidential burden to the
Defendant to explain the fact of the transfers.

(c) The Defendant called no evidence of its own in rebuttal of the Plaintiff’s
evidence. The various arguments it raised failed to contradict, weaken or
explain away that evidence.

(d) In the circumstances, I was satisfied that the Plaintiff had discharged
its legal burden of proof in respect of the loan claims.

The Plaintiff’s claim for unpaid share consideration and the Defendant’s
assertion of time-bar

146 I next deal with the Plaintiff’s claim for the sum of US$55,560,000. This
sum represented the consideration to be paid by the Defendant for the
Plaintiff’s entire shareholding in Shanghai Suntech, pursuant to the Equity
Transfer Agreement. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

See 1DCB pp 466-475 for the certified translation of the Equity Transfer
Agreement.

The Defendant did not dispute the share transfer but contended that the
Plaintiff’s claim for the sum was time-barred under PRC law.

147 Both parties agreed that the construction of the terms of the Equity
Transfer Agreement was governed by PRC law. Both parties also agreed that
pursuant to Arts 135 and 137 of the General Principles of the Civil Law of the
PRC, 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Promulgated by the National People’s Congress on 1 Jan 1987 and amended on 27
Aug 2009. Articles 135 and 137 are reproduced at Appendix 2 (p 21) of the 4th
affidavit of Yang Wantao filed on 26 April 2017.

the limitation period applicable to the Plaintiff’s claim for the share
consideration was two years from the date when the Plaintiff – as the creditor
– knew or should have known its rights had been infringed upon. The chief
issue in contention between the parties was the proper construction of cl 3.2
of Equity Transfer Agreement which reads as follows: 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

1DCB p 468.

[t]he Parties to this Agreement agree that the Transferee will remit the
Equity Transfer Price entirely to the bank account designated by the
Transferor at one time within ten (10) working days as from the Transfer
Effective Date; or the method of payment of the Equity Transfer Price and
transfer the shares [sic] may be carried out in any manner as recognized by
the Parties.

148 The Plaintiff’s case as pleaded 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

See [9(1)] of the Reply (Amendment No. 2) at Tab 19 of the SDB.

was that:

although the initial deadline for the payment of the consideration of USD 55,
560,000.00 was stated in [cl. 3.2 of] the Equity Transfer Agreement… to be due
within ten (10) working days of the share transfer taking effect i.e. by 9
December 2008 (“the Deadline”), it was understood as between the Plaintiff and
the Defendant (who were then related companies) that the due date for the
payment of the consideration would, albeit the Deadline having lapsed, be
extended until demanded by the Plaintiff…

The Plaintiff and the Defendant had evinced an intention to depart from the
default position in the Equity Transfer Agreement of the Defendant having to
make payment by the Deadline to a bank account appointed by the Plaintiff.
Instead, parties intended for such payment to be repayable on demand 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

See [9(b)(i)] and [9(12)] of the Reply (Amendment No. 2).

.

Having regard to the above, the Plaintiff‘s case was that its claim would not
be time-barred because the Liquidators had issued their letter of demand to
the Defendant on 23 December 2013 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

6AB p 2086-2087.

(in which the Liquidators’ computation of the Defendant’s total indebtedness
included the unpaid share consideration of US$55,560,000). The present suit,
which was filed on 14 January 2014, would have been well within the two-year
time period beginning 23 December 2013.

149 The Defendant contended, on the other hand, that cl 3.2 did not permit any
alternative to the stated timeline of ten working days from the Transfer
Effective Date for payment of the share consideration. If the Defendant’s
submissions were accepted, then the Plaintiff’s claim would be time-barred
because the Plaintiff’s claim would have arisen ten days from the Transfer
Effective Date in late 2008, and the present suit, which was filed in January
2014, would have been filed more than five years after the Plaintiff’s cause
of action had arisen. Thus the issue of whether the Plaintiff’s claim was
time-barred turned directly on the interpretation of cl 3.2 of the Equity
Transfer Agreement.

150 As an aside, I noted that the term “Transfer Effective Date” was defined
in cl 5 of the Equity Transfer Agreement as being “the date when this
Agreement, the Company’s Articles of Association and other documents required
by the Chinese Laws are approved by the Examination and Approval Authorities
and the approval documents are obtained”. The Plaintiff stated in their
amended Reply 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

See [9(b)(i)] of the Reply (Amendment No. 2) at Tab 19 of the SDB.

that the default deadline of ten working days from this “Transfer Effective
Date” would have been 9 December 2008, which date they appeared to have
derived by taking 25 November 2008 as the “Transfer Effective Date”, 25
November 2008 apparently being the date when the commerce and industry change
registration for the share transfer was approved. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

See pp 826-828 (Exhibit YKJ-52) of Jong’s AEIC.

In its Closing Submissions, the Defendant adopted this view as well – which
created a minor anomaly because its own expert Sun had asserted in her expert
report that the “Transfer Effective Date” was 29 October 2008, being the date
on which the Shanghai Foreign Investment Committee gave its approval for the
equity transfer, 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

1 DCB p 486.

and that the deadline for payment was 12 November 2008. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

See [4.5] of Sun’s expert report at p 42 of her affidavit filed on of 16 May
2017.

However, nothing much turned on this in the end, since the Plaintiff’s and the
Defendant’s respective positions on the construction of cl 3.2 remained the
same whether one took 9 December 2008 or 12 November 2008 as the start-date
from which to compute a period of ten working days.

The weight to be accorded to Yang’s evidence

151 Before I address the parties’ respective arguments on the construction of
cl 3.2, I will address their arguments on the weight to be accorded to Yang’s
evidence. The issue of what weight if any should be accorded to his evidence
arose because the Defendant alleged that he was not capable of being an
independent expert on the PRC law issues in contention. The Defendant based
its allegation on two grounds. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

See [124] of the Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

First, it said Yang had agreed in the witness stand that he had a “general
duty” to “protect the Plaintiff’s interests in the claims being pursued in
these Singapore proceedings”. Secondly, it claimed that Yang had also agreed
in cross-examination that he would “likely be engaged by the Plaintiff to
enforce a judgment of this Court (comprising a ruling on the Share Transfer
Claim) against the Defendant in the PRC”.

152 Insofar as the second point was concerned, Yang in fact said no such
thing. When the Defendant’s counsel suggested that he would expect his law
firm to be “spearheading enforcement of the Singapore judgment in China”, Yang
had stated that this was “theoretically” possible but had then pointed out
that the limited amount of assets available for enforcement in the PRC
proceedings made it “very unlikely” that there would be “duplicate”
proceedings in the PRC to enforce a Singapore judgment. It is helpful in this
regard to reproduce Yang’s response to counsel in full: 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

See transcript of 16 May 2018, 122:15 to 123:12.

I would say, actually, it’s difficult for me to simply say ‘yes’ or ‘no’,
because I think that theoretically, any people, it’s natural, right? But on
the other side, actually, in Shanghai court, there was [an] issue discussed,
what I state to the court was, because apparently Shanghai Suntech’s assets
and liabilities, they have very limited net value, so for any enforcement,
even if when the plaintiff wins enforcement judgment in Shanghai, probably the
case would already been wipe out in the company. So it’s very unlikely to have
duplicate enforced proceedings. Why that was raised was, in the Shanghai
court, it was raised by the defendant counsel say – say Shanghai court, if you
exercise jurisdiction, all other claims are also going to come to Shanghai
court. That could be a burden to the court. Then I explain to the court, in my
view, because the assets [are] so limited, probably couldn’t satisfy all the
claims, so long as we have judgment, we enforce even the 11 million, maybe the
company is gone, so there’s no need for additional claim. So because of that,
I think what you raise, theoretically, it’s natural, but, in this case, I
don’t know whether it’s really realistic or not.

153 Insofar as the remark about “general duty” was concerned, this came about
after the Defendant’s counsel had cross-examined Yang about a letter he sent
on 4 September 2014 to the Plaintiffs’ then-solicitors, informing them of a
potential disposal by the Defendant of Shanghai Suntech shares which was not
covered by the freezing order imposed on the Defendant in the PRC proceedings.
135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Page 4 of Yang’s 3rd affidavit of 17 September 2014 at Tab 8 of 3 BPIA.

The Defendant’s counsel had suggested to Yang that he “reported these events
to the Plaintiff’s Singapore counsel because [his] duty, as the Plaintiff’s
lawyer, included protecting the plaintiff’s interests in the claims being
pursued in these Singapore proceedings”. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

See transcript of 16 May 2018 at 119:16 to 120:2.

It was in response to this suggestion that Yang replied: “I think I would
agree. I have a general duty.” The Defendant’s counsel did not follow up to
suggest to Yang that this “general duty” therefore precluded him from being
able to function act independently as an expert witness. Subsequently, Yang
explained that prior to taking on the appointment as expert witness, he had
obtained an express waiver from the Plaintiff whereby the latter had
acknowledged that as expert witness, his first duty would be to the court and
not to them. He also explained that he had required the Plaintiff – via this
waiver – expressly to waive any claim against him or his firm, because he
wanted to avoid the possibility of the Plaintiff “later thinking … what [he]
told in court … might make them cause their damages or cause their
difficulty”.

154 Whilst Yang was indeed acting as counsel for the Plaintiff in the PRC
proceedings, there was no evidence to show that the success of those
proceedings depended on the success of the Singapore proceedings – or vice
versa. As seen from above, an attempt was made to show that Yang had a selfish
interest in ensuring the success of the Singapore proceedings because it would
mean that his firm would be handling subsequently enforcement of the Singapore
judgment within the PRC – but the attempt was rebuffed by Yang, and no
evidence was called to contradict him. Any suggestion that he might
nevertheless wish to appease an erstwhile client (albeit in a different
jurisdiction) by giving an expert opinion skewed in its favour was met with
the fact that he had obtained from the Plaintiff a waiver which acknowledged
the primacy of his duty to the court and waived any claims it might otherwise
bring against him as a result of any evidence he gave as expert.

155 To support its arguments about Yang’s lack of independence, the Defendant
cited the case Kaufman, Gregory Laurence and others v Datacraft Asia Ltd and
another [2005] SGHC 174 (“Kaufman”) 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

2DBOA Tab 20.

as an authority involving a “similar” situation. However, there was nothing
“similar” at all about the facts in Kaufman. In that case, the dispute centred
on the interpretation of an agreement entered into by the plaintiffs and the
defendants (“the Letter Agreement”), which was governed by the laws of Japan.
The plaintiffs claimed that they were entitled, by reason of the provisions of
the Letter Agreement, to be given certain information and documents by the
defendants; and they also wanted an account of what was due to them by reason
of the provisions of the Letter Agreement. They argued, inter alia, that the
terms of the Letter Agreement created a relationship of entrustment between
the parties. The defendants denied that the Letter Agreement had any such
effect. Both sides produced expert witnesses on Japanese law to persuade the
High Court of its interpretation of the Letter Agreement. The plaintiffs
objected to the defendants’ expert, one Mr Okada, on the ground that he had
been for years a partner of Freshfields, which was the law firm that had inter
alia advised the defendants and had been involved in the negotiations on the
wording of the Letter Agreement. Prior to the commencement of the action,
Freshfields had also responded to the plaintiffs’ solicitors by taking a
position on the meaning and effect of some of the clauses in the Letter
Agreement, and these were the very same clauses that Mr Okada was required to
give his opinion on. The High Court noted that Mr Okada was not a member of
the team defending the defendants and had not given instructions to counsel.
The court held that “Mr Okada’s independence cannot be impugned”. It went on
to hold, however, that it could not dismiss the possibility that if the
defendants lost the action, they might consider recovering costs by taking
action Freshfields if they judged that Freshfield’s advice on the
interpretation of the Letter Agreement had caused them to incur unnecessary
costs in defending the action. The court held that because of this “remote”
but “distinct” possibility, it would scrutinise Mr Okada’s evidence with care
where it conflicted with that of the plaintiffs’ expert (Mr Abe): it should
accept such conflicting opinions only where it found them to be reasonable,
measured and backed by authority or where Mr Abe’s contrary evidence was
clearly unsound or had not been properly arrived at after consideration of all
relevant factors (at [33]).

156 From the foregoing, it is clear that the expert in Kaufman was placed in a
much more sensitive and difficult position than Yang in the present case – and
even in those circumstances, the High Court did not find the expert’s
independence to be impugned. The court assessed that there remained a “remote”
possibility of conflict of interest because of the risk of the defendants
suing Freshfields if they lost the case – but that “remote” possibility did
not even exist in the present case because of the express waiver given by the
Plaintiff to Yang.

157 For the reasons set out above, I did not find Yang’s independence to be
impugned, and I rejected the Defendant’s argument that his expert evidence
should be given no weight. In my view, the most that could be said by the
Defendant was that since the Plaintiff continued to be Yang’s client, even
with an express waiver, he might be subconsciously predisposed towards wanting
the Plaintiff to do well in the litigation. I stress that there was no
evidence before me of any such predisposition on Yang’s part: indeed, he
struck me as quite a candid witness. It was out of an abundance of caution
that I decided I should scrutinise Yang’s evidence with care where it
conflicted with Sun’s, and accept such conflicting opinions only where they
were reasonable, measured and backed by authority or where Sun’s contrary
evidence was clearly unsound or had not been properly arrived at after
consideration of all relevant factors.

158 Additionally, whilst the Defendant has claimed that Yang was straying
beyond his remit as an expert witness and advocating on the Plaintiff’s behalf
in the course of his evidence 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

See e.g. [115] of Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

, I did not find this to be so. Whilst he did at some points in his evidence
allude to how certain clauses in the Equity Transfer Agreement should be
construed, his focus appeared to me to be on elucidating how he believed a PRC
court would approach the construction of these clauses given the existing
legal framework in the PRC. This was not inappropriate in my view. The Court
of Appeal has noted in Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and
another appeal [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“Pacific Recreation”) 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

2PBOA Tab 23.

that an expert has to put forward “not only his view of the effect of the
foreign statute in question, but also the foreign rules of construction which
he applied in reaching his views” (at [79]). Accordingly, it would be both
relevant and useful for an expert witness on PRC law to elaborate on how the
PRC courts would apply PRC statutes and rules to construe a contract.

159 To set the fundamental framework for the interpretation of cl 3.2, Yang
pointed inter alia to Art 125(1) of the PRC Contract Law 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

See p 18 (Appendix 1) of Yang’s further expert report in his 5th affidavit
filed on 24 April 2018.

promulgated by the National People’s Congress. This provides that:

In case of any dispute arises between the parties to a contract over the
understanding of any clause of the contract, the true meaning of such clause
shall be determined according to the words and sentences used in the contract,
the relevant clauses of the contract, the purpose of the contract, trade
practices and the principle of good faith.

160 The Defendant did not dispute the applicability of Art 125(1). However,
parties had differing positions as to how the various factors set out in Art
125(1) would apply in the case of cl 3.2.

On the text of cl 3.2 within the overall context of the Equity Transfer
Agreement

161 Yang’s evidence was that looking at the words and sentences used in cl
3.2, it was clear that the said clause provided for two alternative
“approaches” to payment of the share consideration. I reproduce cl 3.2 in full
for convenience:

The Parties to this Agreement agree that the Transferee will remit the Equity
Transfer Price entirely to the bank account designated by the Transferor at
one time within ten (10) working days as from the Transfer Effective Date; or
the method of payment of the Equity Transfer Price and transfer the shares
[sic] may be carried out in any manner as recognized by the Parties.

162 According to Yang, the “first approach” – as encapsulated in the first
sentence of cl 3.2 – represented the “default” position. If this “default”
approach was not adopted, then the alternative, “second approach” would be for
payment to be effected in any other method that the parties agreed on. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

See [33] of Yang’s expert report at p 13 of his 4th affidavit filed on 26
April 2017.

Yang derived this “second approach” from the words “or the method of payment
of the Equity Transfer Price and transfer the shares may be carried out in any
manner as recognized by the Parties”.

163 Sun disagreed that cl 3.2 could be read in the above manner. She insisted
that the clause “very clearly expressed … only one method of payment, and that
is within ten working days as from the transfer effective date”. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

See transcript of 17 May 2018 at 30:17 to 30:25.

She also stated that since there was only one method of payment provided for
in cl 3.2, cl 14.3 of the Equity Transfer Agreement would have required any
amendments to that one method of payment to be made in writing signed off by
the parties. However, this interpretation entailed ignoring entirely the
second sentence in cl 3.2 – without any explanation as to what the effect of
this second sentence might be. When Sun was asked what meaning should then be
attributed to the second sentence in the clause beginning with the word “or”
after the semi-colon”, she was unable to provide any coherent response. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

See transcript of 17 May 2018 at 39:17 to 42:7.

Eventually she said that this second sentence in cl 3.2 did not expressly or
clearly say anything “about the method of payment and the time of payment”.
144

##### Foot Note 144

×

See transcript of 17 May 2018 at 43:5 to 43:9.

This regrettably did not make much sense because the second sentence in cl 3.2
did in fact expressly refer to “the method of payment” of the share price and
the transfer of the shares by stating that they “may be carried out in any
manner as recognized by the Parties”. It is reasonable to expect that
corporate entities entering into a commercial contract must have intended each
distinct sentence in a contractual clause to bear some distinct meaning –
unless there is evidence to suggest otherwise. Yang’s interpretation, which
would give effect to every sentence in cl 3.2, should prima facie be preferred
over Sun’s interpretation, which would render the second sentence in cl 3.2
otiose.

164 I should add that although in its Closing Submissions, the Defendant
argued that the words “method of payment” could not under PRC law be construed
as encompassing or referring to the timing of the payment, 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

See [109] of the Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

this proposition was never put to Yang in cross-examination; and Sun herself
gave no such evidence in her expert report. Indeed, in her evidence, Sun spoke
at times of “the method of payment and the time of payment” but also at times
of “only one method of payment, and that is within ten working days as from
the transfer effective date”. She was not asked by the Defendant’s counsel to
confirm that “method of payment” could never under PRC law encompass or refer
to the timing of payment. In the circumstances, the Defendant had no basis for
arguing that under PRC law, the words “method of payment” would never be
capable of referring to the timing of the payment.

165 I also noted that whilst Sun claimed that cl 14.3 required that all
amendments to the contract be in writing and signed by both parties before
they could be valid, she did not manage to explain how the words of cl 14.3
gave rise to this requirement. The relevant portions of cl 14.3 state as
follows:

14.3.1 The Parties agree that, after this Agreement goes into effect, the
Parties may have further negotiations as regards any matter under this
Agreement and enter into another written agreement, which constitutes an
integral part of this Agreement;

14.3.2 This Agreement may be modified if such amendment is in writing and
signed by both the Parties, and such modification will constitute an integral
part of this Agreement[.]

166 These clauses appeared therefore to be couched in permissive terms: there
did not appear to be any word or phrase capable of being construed as
mandating strictly the signed documentation of all amendments as a pre-
requisite to validity. Sun’s statement in her expert report 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

See [4.27] of Sun’s expert report at p 54 of her 1st affidavit of 16 May 2017.

that “no evidence of any purported amendment or variation shall be admissible”
in the absence of signed written amendments appeared to be her own gloss on cl
14.3 which was not supported by the terms of the said clause or by any
provision of PRC law. I found it telling that in the further expert report
enclosed in her second affidavit filed on 19 April 20018, in repeating that cl
14.3 “requires that all variations be recorded in a written agreement signed
by both parties”, she merely cited again the same paragraph from her first
expert report.

167 Sun also refused to engage on the issue of how Arts 36, 37 and 77 of the
PRC Contract Law might affect her argument as to why cl 14.3 should be read as
allowing only written, signed amendments. Yang had cited these provisions of
the PRC Contract Law in order to demonstrate that PRC law expressly empowered
parties to form (including to amend) contracts through their conduct, even if
there existed a prior requirement of written form. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

See [24] of Yang’s further expert report at p 12 of his 5th affidavit filed on
24 April 2018.

Article 36 provides, for example, that:

[i]f a contract is required to be concluded in written form by laws,
administrative regulations, or as agreed by parties, and parties fail to
conclude the contract in written form but one party has performed its
principal obligations which have been accepted by the other party, the
contract should be deemed as established.

Article 77, as another example, states that a “contract may be modified if the
parties reach a consensus through consultations”. These provisions of the PRC
Contract Law raised question marks over Sun’s insistence that cl 14.3 be read
– even in the absence of any mandatory language – as allowing only written and
signed amendments. It was regrettable that she chose not to address the effect
of these legislative provisions beyond making the bald assertion that they
were “not relevant”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

See [10] of Sun’s further expert report at p 15 of her 2nd affidavit filed on
19 April 2018.

168 Sun additionally asserted at para 4.27 of her first expert report that
“strictly speaking” any amendments to the terms of the Equity Transfer
Agreement had to be approved by “the approving authority”. She referred to cl
5 of the Equity Transfer Agreement as the basis for this assertion – but cl 5
did not in fact say anything of the sort. There was also no attempt by Sun,
while she was in the witness stand, to respond to Yang’s view that
“amendment[s] to payment method [did] not constitute a ‘significant or
substantial change’ requiring approval by government authority”. In support of
his view, Yang had in his further expert report adduced evidence of the
judicial interpretation provided in this area of the law by the Supreme
People’s Court (“SPC”) of the PRC, 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Article 2 of the Provisions of the Supreme People’s Court on Several Issues
Concerning the Trial of Disputes Involving Foreign-Funded Enterprises (1) (Law
Interpretation [2010] No. 9, effective 16 August 2010 at p 19 of Yang’s 5th
affidavit filed on 24 April 2018.

in which the SPC had stated that:

Where a supplemental agreement reached by the parties on the issues concerning
a foreign-funded enterprise does not constitute any significant or substantial
change to the approved contract, the people’s court shall not determine the
supplemental agreement as ineffective on the ground that it has not been
approved by the foreign-funded enterprise examination and approval organ.

The term ‘significant or substantial change’ as mentioned in the preceding
paragraph shall include changes in registered capital, corporate form,
business scope, business term, investment contribution of the shareholders,
form of contribution, merger of the company, split of the company, equity
transfer, etc.

169 The changes considered by the SPC to amount to “significant or substantial
change” were plainly changes which would affect the corporate structure and
scope of business of the foreign-funded enterprises; and it was hardly
surprising that changes to the timelines for payment of the share
consideration were not mentioned as being one such “significant or substantial
change”. I would add that whilst the PRC law regime is not a common law regime
and there is strictly no doctrine of stare decisis, 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

This was acknowledged by Yang himself: see [18] to [19] of his further expert
report at p 10 of his 5th affidavit.

a judicial interpretation by the highest appellate tribunal within the PRC
legal system provided an indication as to how the relevant PRC statutory
provisions were understood by PRC courts, and as such, assisted me in
understanding the state of the law in the PRC. Again, it was regrettable that
no attempt was made by Sun to address the judicial interpretation cited.

170 In any event, Sun’s entire testimony – including her evidence as to the
need for amendments to be in writing, signed, and “approved” by “the approving
authority” – was based on her insistence that cl 3.2 “expressed … only one
method of payment, and that is within ten working days as from the transfer
effective date”. As I have noted, this insistence was not borne out by the
words of cl 3.2; and Sun also could not explain what then one was to
understand from the second sentence in that clause (see [163] above).

171 Sun further opined that any contractual clause which provided for payment
to be made “in any manner as recognized by the Parties” was an “[arrangement]
for payments to be made over indefinite periods [and] will not be recognized
under the P.R.C. Contract Law as a valid payment term or condition pursuant to
Article 16(1) of the Foreign Investors Provisions”. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

See [6] of Sun’s further expert report at p 15 of her 2nd affidavit.

With respect, this was not an accurate representation of what the second
sentence in cl 3.2 actually said, since it made no reference to payment being
made “over indefinite periods”.

172 As to Art 16(1) of the Foreign Investors Provisions, 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

See Appendix 4 (p 24) of Yang’s 4th affidavit.

what it actually stated was that a foreign investor acquiring equity interest
in a foreign-invested enterprise:

… shall, within three months of the date of issuance of the business license
of the foreign-invested enterprise, pay the consideration in full to the
shareholders transferring equity interests. Where special circumstances
require a longer period, subject to the approval of the examination and
approval authority, the foreign investor shall pay 60% or more of the total
consideration within six months of the date of issuance of the business
license of the foreign-invested enterprise, with the remainder of the
consideration to be paid within one year, and the company shall distribute
profits in proportion to the registered capital actually paid-up.

173 Whilst Art 16(1) of the Foreign Investors Provisions stipulated certain
timelines for payment to be made for equity transfers in a foreign-invested
enterprise, it did not provide that contractual clauses which failed to
conform to the stated timelines would “not be recognized under the P.R.C.
Contract Law as a valid payment term or condition”, 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

See [6] of Sun’s further expert report at p 15 of her 2nd affidavit.

as Sun asserted. Nor did Sun back up the italicised statement by producing the
specific provisions of the PRC Contract Law which had the effect she
postulated. This omission was fatal to her position. In particular, given the
hierarchy of PRC statutes (which our Court of Appeal referenced in Pacific
Recreation), the inter-relationships between the various statutory provisions
was crucial: it would have been relevant for me to understand what the PRC
Contract Law said – if anything – on the subject of invalid contractual
clauses and how any such Contract Law provisions interacted with Art 16(1) of
the Foreign Investors Provisions.

174 In this connection, Yang gave the following evidence in cross-examination
as to the hierarchical structure of PRC law: 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

See transcript of 16 May 2018, 127:22 to 130:2.

… [T]he first tier is legislation, which would be laws passed by National
People’s Congress, and then the second tier would be the State Council,
administrative regulations. In those after there would be what we call the
department rules, or administrative rule, which would be rules issued by
various ministries. Those legislations, administrative regulations or the
administrative rule, they have different impact at different legal nature …

175 According to Yang, within this hierarchy, the question as to whether a
contract was valid or not would be answered “only” by “looking at the national
legislation and the State Council, the administrative regulation”, whereas
breach of the administrative rules issued by the Ministry of Commerce – such
as the Foreign Investors Provisions – would not invalidate the contract.
Yang’s evidence was not challenged, nor was it refuted by Sun when she took
the witness stand.

176 Furthermore, Sun’s assertion that the second limb of cl 3.2 (or the
“second approach” to payment as Yang called it) would “not be recognized under
the P.R.C. Contract Law as a valid payment term or condition” – and that “such
arrangements would be rejected by the P.R.C. authorities when applying for the
approval of the foreign-investment and registration of the change in
shareholding” 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

See [6] of Sun’s further expert report at p 15 of her 2nd affidavit.

– was refuted by the facts before me. The Equity Transfer Agreement was
submitted to the Shanghai Foreign Investment Commission when the requisite
application for approval of the equity transfer was made; and the Commission
gave its approval without raising any objections or reservations as to cl 3.2.
These facts were pointed out to Sun in the course of cross-examination. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

See transcript of 17 May 2018, 34:8 to 35:15.

Unfortunately, having conceded these facts, she did not explain how in the
circumstances her assertions about the invalidity of the “second approach” to
payment could still be maintained.

On the purpose of the contract

177 In the course of the inquiry into the proper interpretation of cl 3.2,
parties also referred me to a document called the “Suntech Power Holdings Co.,
Ltd Sign-off Memo” 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

1DCB pp 413-414.

(“the Sign-off Memo”). This was essentially a document signed by the then-
management team of the Plaintiff’s and the Defendant’s ultimate parent company
(SPH), endorsing the transfer of the equity interest in Shanghai Suntech and
alluding to certain aspects of the transaction. The signatories included Dr
Shi and Amy Zhang, whom parties agreed were also common directors of both the
Plaintiff and the Defendant at the material time. As such, it was not disputed
as between the parties that the Sign-off Memo provided an indication of their
mutual understanding of the terms of the equity transfer. What they disagreed
on was the nature of that understanding.

178 In this connection, two main points of interest arose from the Sign-off
Memo. First, it will be recalled that Sun had given evidence that cl 3.2
“expressed … only one method of payment, and that is within ten working days
as from the transfer effective date”; further, that any amendment to the
timeline for payment would have to be effected in writing and signed off by
both parties. Although the Defendant claimed the Sign-off Memo provided
supporting “contextual evidence” for Sun’s interpretation, it in fact stated a
different timeline for payment from that postulated by Sun: instead of
referring to “ten working days as from the Transfer Effective Date”, the Sign-
off Memo stated the payment timeline as “Within 10 days from Signing Date”.
The Defendant argued that this showed that parties “intended for payment to be
made within a fixed duration, i.e. within 10 days after the share transfer or
the signing date of the ETA” [emphasis in original]. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

See [110(a)] of the Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

With respect, this argument was not only contrived – it did not even represent
Sun’s evidence. Indeed, the proposition that parties had provided in cl 3.2
for payment “within a fixed duration, i.e. within 10 days after the share
transfer or the signing date of the ETA” was not even put to Yang when he
pointed out the differences between the first limb of cl 3.2 and the “term of
payment” stated in the Sign-off Memo. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

See transcript of 16 May 2018, 135:10 to 136:12.

179 It should be noted that the Sign-off Memo alluded to a different timeline
for payment from that stated in the first sentence of cl 3.2 without any
evidence of such modification having been the subject of a signed, written
contractual amendment. Moreover, whilst the first sentence in cl 3.2 referred
to payment via transfer of monies into a bank account nominated by the
transferor, the Sign-off Memo stated that the payment could “be offset
completely without actual payment because the Transferee [was] 100% owned by
the Transferor” – again with no evidence of such modification having been the
subject of a signed, written contractual amendment.

180 As things turned out, the share consideration was not paid within ten days
of the signing date, nor has there been any evidence of it being “offset”. The
point, however, is that insofar as it specified payment arrangements clearly
differing from what was stated in the first sentence of cl 3.2, the Sign-off
Memo contradicted Sun’s thesis that the parties had drafted cl 3.2 so as to
permit only one method of payment and that any modifications had to be in
writing and signed.

181 Secondly, the purpose of the contract was stated in the Sign-off Memo to
be an “internal shareholding restructuring” for “better corporate tax planning
at Suntech Holding level”. Notably, the Sign-off Memo did not say the timing
for the payment of the share consideration was important; it said that the
timing for the equity transfer was important because Shanghai Suntech was
“currently a relatively new company with limited profit record so the transfer
can be priced at paid-in capital of the Company, otherwise the share transfer
has to be based on market value which will result in much higher transfer
cost”. This evidence appeared to me to provide support for Yang’s proposition
that given the main purpose of the Equity Transfer Agreement was to effect a
share transfer, a PRC court would likely find that “the timing of the payment
of the share transfer price was not the key focus of the parties”. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

See [46] of Yang’s expert report at p 17 of his 4th affidavit.

On the parties’ trade practices

182 In addition to the factors discussed above, Yang also opined that the
manner in which the parties had conducted themselves constituted evidence
relevant to any attempt to interpret cl 3.2 It will be recalled that under Art
125(1) of the PRC Contract Law, 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

See Appendix 3 of Yang’s expert report at p 22 of his 4th affidavit.

in the event of any dispute between the parties over the understanding of a
contractual clause, one of the factors to be taken into account in determining
the true meaning of the disputed clause is the parties’ “transaction
practices”. Yang referred to Art 7(1) of the Interpretation of the Supreme
Court on Certain Issues Concerning the Application of the PRC Contract Law
(II), in which the SPC had stated: 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

See pp 18-19 (Appendix 1) of Yang’s further expert report in his 5th
affidavit.

Any of the following circumstances that does not violate any compulsory
provision of law and administrative regulations shall be recognized as a
‘trade practice’: 1. the practice usually adopted in the place where the trade
is conducted or specific industry or areas and known or ought to be known to
the other party at the conclusion of the contract; and 2. the practice
regularly adopted by the parties.

183 In this respect, Yang opined 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

See [39] and [47(b)] of Yang’s expert report in his 4th affidavit.

that in the present case, relevant evidence would include the accounting
treatment accorded by the parties to the unpaid share consideration;
specifically, the fact that the Defendant had in its audited financials for
2009 to 2011 consistently recognised the unpaid US$55,560,000 by including the
amount in the computation of its total indebtedness to the Plaintiff; the
recognition in these audited financials that the Defendant’s total
indebtedness vis-à-vis the Plaintiff was unsecured, interest-free and
repayable on demand; and the fact that the outstanding indebtedness had also
been recognised in the Defendant’s reporting packages.

184 In her expert report, Sun stated that there was “no evidence as to whether
the ‘reporting packages’ are documents produced by [the Defendant]”. This view
was based on instructions given by the Defendant 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

See [4.8(a)] of Sun’s expert report at p 46 of her 1st affidavit.

and arose ostensibly from the Defendant’s refusal to recognise the
authenticity of the documents. However, in the course of the trial, the
Defendant conceded the issue of authenticity.

185 Sun also claimed that the Defendant’s reporting packages contained no
breakdown of the individual transactions which made up the aggregate
indebtedness vis-à-vis the Plaintiff. However, as highlighted at [120] above,
the sub-ledgers in the Defendant’s reporting packages actually list each and
every transaction in the Defendant’s lifetime; and as highlighted earlier, the
total indebtedness shown in the reporting packages also tallied precisely with
the total indebtedness recorded in the Defendant’s audited financials and in
the Plaintiff’s accounts.

186 In her further expert report, Sun asserted that “P.R.C. Courts would not
accord any weight” to the Defendant’s audited financial statements because
“the audited financials were prepared by persons who are not a party to the
Equity Transfer Agreement” [emphasis added]. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

See [9] of Sun’s expert report at p 15 of her 2nd affidavit.

The italicised portion of the statement was factually wrong, because the
Defendant’s audited financial statements were prepared by the Defendant’s
management and signed off by its directors. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

See exhibits YKJ-53, YKJ-54, YKJ-55 of Jong’s AEIC for the Defendant’s 2009,
2010 and 2011 audited financial statements.

This fundamental factual error led me seriously to question whether Sun had
even examined the Defendant’s audited financials before dismissing their
evidential value. She did not cite in any event any specific provisions of PRC
law and/or judicial pronouncements to support her assertion that the audited
financials would not be given any weight by the PRC courts in interpreting the
Equity Transfer Agreement. Indeed, given the definition of “trade practices”
in Art 7(1) of the Interpretation of the Supreme Court on Certain Issues
Concerning the Application of the PRC Contract Law (II), there appeared to be
no reason why parties’ accounting practices in respect of a particular debt
should not be relevant evidence in the court’s consideration of the
contractual clause relating to that debt.

187 In the circumstances, I accepted that in determining the meaning of cl
3.2, the accounting treatment accorded by the parties to the amount of
US$55,560,000 formed relevant evidence to be taken into consideration.

Conclusion on the Plaintiff’s claim for the unpaid share consideration

188 Having considered the facts before me, I did not find Sun’s evidence to be
sound, nor did she appear to have arrived at her conclusions after
consideration of all relevant factors. In contrast, I found Yang’s evidence to
be reasonable, measured and backed by authority. As I have explained, I did
not find Yang to have crossed the line into advocating for the Plaintiff.
Whilst he did at various points in his evidence speak of how he thought the
PRC courts would treat a particular issue or a piece of evidence put forward
by the Plaintiff, there was nothing impermissible or untoward about this
process (see [158] above).

189 I accepted his evidence that cl 3.2 provided for two alternative
approaches to payment. The first approach – which was the default position –
stipulated that the transferee [ie, the Defendant] would transfer the money
entirely to the bank account designated by the transferor [ie, the Plaintiff]
at one time within ten working days from the Transfer Effective Date. If this
“default” approach was not adopted, then the alternative, “second approach”
would be for payment to be carried out in “any manner as recognised by the
Parties”. I rejected the Defendant’s submission that the “second approach” was
invalid under PRC law. I also rejected the submission that assuming the
“second approach” was valid in law, any agreement on an alternative “second
approach” had to be made in writing and signed.

190 I next considered the Plaintiff’s submission that the parties had, using
the “second approach” provided for in cl 3.2, agreed that the outstanding
share consideration should be payable on demand. I considered the evidence of
the words and sentences used in cl 3.2, the purpose of the contract, and the
parties’ trade practices (in terms of the accounting treatment accorded to the
amount of US$55,560,000). Having regard to the matters examined at [161] to
[187] above, I found that the evidence did indeed show the parties to have
come to a consensus that the outstanding share consideration would be payable
on demand pursuant to the “second approach” provided for in cl 3.2. I do not
find it necessary to repeat all the evidence examined in these preceding
paragraphs, but will say that I found the following to be especially helpful.

191 The words and sentences used in cl 3.2 – and in particular the alternative
provision for payment to be “carried out in any manner as recognized by the
Parties” – indicated clearly that the parties never intended to put in place a
single inflexible set of terms for payment of the share consideration. This is
borne out by the fact that the Sign-off Memo signed by SPH senior management
(including individuals who were common directors of the Plaintiff and the
Defendant) on the same day as the Equity Transfer Agreement expressly alluded
to payment terms which differed from the default “first approach” stated in cl
3.2 (see [178] to [180] above).

192 Moreover, although the “first approach” provided for the Plaintiff to
nominate a bank account into which payment would be made, no bank account was
nominated, and there was no evidence either of the Defendant having requested
the Plaintiff to make such nomination. This supported the Plaintiff’s case
that the parties had intended all along to adopt a flexible approach towards
the payment of the share consideration. The reason for this became clear when
one considered that the purpose of the equity transfer – as stated in the
Sign-off Memo – was to effect “internal shareholding restructuring” for
“better corporate tax planning at Suntech Holding level”. In other words, the
equity transfer was effected for strategic purposes: the flow of funds to the
Plaintiff arising from the transfer of the shares was not the parties’ key
focus. Subsequent to the equity transfer taking effect, the fact that the
outstanding payment was booked by the Defendant in its accounts as part of the
total unsecured liabilities payable on demand to the Plaintiff – as well as
the corresponding records in the Plaintiff’s accounts – showed that there was
a consensus between the parties that the outstanding amount would be payable
on demand. The demand was duly made by the Liquidators in their letter of 23
December 2013; and the writ in these proceedings having been filed in January
2014, the Plaintiff was well within the two-year limitation period specified
under PRC law.

193 For the reasons given above, I found that the Plaintiff had made out its
claim for the unpaid share consideration of US$55,560,000.

Remaining points raised by the Plaintiff and the Defendant at various stages
of the proceedings

194 Finally, I address a number of remaining points which were raised by the
Plaintiff and the Defendant respectively at various stages of these
proceedings.

The Defendant’s submission that the Plaintiff’s causes of action were
extinguished or relinquished

195 First, it will be recalled that the Defendant had pleaded in its Defence
that the Plaintiff “ceased to have any relevant right of action against the
Defendant in respect of all or part of such alleged liability, following upon
the acquisition by Wuxi Suntech of the Plaintiff’s interests in the
Defendant”. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

See [8(d)] of the Defence (Amendment No. 2) at Tab 9 of the SDB.

This was a positive assertion on which the Defendant would have borne the
legal and the evidential burden: see [75] above. However, the Defendant chose
not to call any factual witnesses. No evidence was produced by the Defendant
to support the assertion that the Wuxi Suntech restructuring had resulted in
the Plaintiff’s causes of action against the Defendant being somehow
extinguished or relinquished. Indeed, the issue was not brought up by the
Defendant at all in the course of the trial, and no questions relating to this
issue were put to Jong. As such, the only finding possible was that the
Defendant had failed to make out this aspect of its pleaded Defence.

The Defendant’s plea of set-off

196 Secondly, in its Closing Submissions, the Defendant argued that “even if
the Plaintiff [succeeded] in establishing the Alleged Loan Claims, the amount
owing by the Defendant should be set-off against the amount [of
US$22,999,979.05 owing] to the Defendant”. However, this purported right to a
set-off was never pleaded by the Defendant; and the court cannot make findings
on facts which have not been pleaded (see Ong Seow Pheng (supra [142]) at
[41]. The Defendant sought to rely on [8(d)] of the Defence, but I did not
find it possible to read the words “the Plaintiff ceased to have any relevant
right of action against the Defendant in respect of all or part of such
alleged liability” as being an adequate pleading of the defence of set-off.

197 In any event, as the Plaintiff pointed out, there was no evidence to
suggest that there had been – or that there should be a netting-off between
the amounts owed by the Plaintiff to the Defendant and vice versa. Jong, in
re-examination, stated clearly that he did not agree there had been any set-
off of the liabilities owed between the parties. Conversely, the Defendant’s
own sub-ledger consistently showed that the liabilities of the Plaintiff to
the Defendant remained on the Defendant’s ledger until the amount of
US$22,999,979.05 was written off as a bad debt following the Plaintiff’s
liquidation in November 2013. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

See p 181 of 2PBD where the said amount was written off in January 2014 as
“Provision for PSS-BVI bad debts”.

198 In the circumstances, I did not find any basis for the Defendant’s
reliance on a purported set-off.

The Defendant’s plea of lack of authorisation

199 In the interests of completeness, it should also be pointed out that the
Defendant had pleaded in their amended Defence that the loan transactions on
which the Plaintiff based its claims were “not duly authorised by the
Defendant and/or undertaken in the best interests of the Defendant”. Again,
this being a positive assertion, the Defendant would have borne the legal and
the evidential burdens of proving this aspect of their defence. However, this
point was not pursued in the course of the trial, and the Defendant led no
evidence on it. As such, the Defendant must be taken to have abandoned this
aspect of their defence.

The Plaintiff’s submission that an adverse inference ought to be drawn against
the Defendant for failing to call certain witnesses

200 Thirdly, I address the Plaintiff’s submission that an adverse inference
should be drawn against the Defendant under s 116 of the EA for failing to
call relevant witnesses in the trial. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

See [49] to [56] of the Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions.

I have already examined the authorities in this area (see [45]–[49] and [57]
above). Bearing in mind the guiding principles established in these
authorities, I considered the respective roles played by Bai Yun and He Yue in
these proceedings.

201 In respect of Bai Yun, as the Plaintiff has pointed out, he affirmed
nearly all of the Defendant’s affidavits in these proceedings up to the point
the trial commenced – and even thereafter. Although in some of these
affidavits he took pains to state that he and the other current directors of
the Defendants had no personal knowledge of the subject matter of the
Plaintiff’s claims, 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

See eg, [12] of Bai Yun’s 6th affidavit of 27 January 2016.

he also put forward in several of these affidavits various defences and
arguments on behalf of the Defendants. Thus, for example, in his 15th
affidavit (filed less than a week before the trial began), 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Bai Yun’s 15th affidavit of 10 May 2018.

he stated that the Wuxi Restructuring was “an integral part of the Defendant’s
Defence” and that “following the Wuxi Restructuring, the Plaintiff ceased to
have any relevant right of action against the Defendant”. He then purported to
offer a brief explanation as to why this was so, whilst stressing that the
“exact mechanics of the Wuxi Restructuring will be explored at trial”. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

See [13] to [18] of Bai Yun’s 15th affidavit.

Given the positive assertions made by Bai Yun as to “integral” aspects of the
Defendant’s defence, it was extremely odd that the Defendant elected not to
call him as a witness in the trial, nor to offer him for cross-examination.
The Defendant proffered no explanation as to why Bai Yun was unavailable as a
witness in the trial; and given that he filed a 16th affidavit on the
Defendant’s behalf not long after the evidence in the trial was concluded, it
did not appear that he was in any way incapacitated or inhibited from
testifying as a defence witness.

202 I also noted that Bai Yun had filed the affidavits verifying the
Defendant’s lists of documents in these proceedings – which affidavits
required him to affirm that “[n]either the Defendant, nor its solicitors nor
any other person on its behalf” had or ever had in its possession, custody or
power any documents relevant to any matter in question in this action. What
was interesting was that while Bai Yun had filed his 3rd affidavit verifying
the Defendant’s 3rd list of documents on 7 March 2018, the Defendant’s 4th and
5th lists of documents were filed on 14 May 2018 and 18 May 2018 respectively
without any verifying affidavits. Bai Yun’s 16th affidavit verifying these two
additional lists of documents – as well as a 6th list of documents – was
eventually filed on 13 June 2018, after evidence-taking in the trial had been
completed and whilst parties were preparing their closing submissions. The
belated filing of this 16th affidavit, coupled with the Defendant’s failure to
call Bai Yun as a witness, meant that the Plaintiff was deprived of the
opportunity to question him about the Defendant’s access to relevant evidence.
This was a relevant issue given that the Defendant had maintained throughout
the proceedings its lack of relevant documents. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

See eg, pp 2–3 of Bai Yun’s 13th affidavit filed on 9 Feb 2018 where he
claimed that the Defendant did not have the documents pertaining to its
previous Audits.

203 As for He Yue, he was stated to be the Defendant’s sole factual witness at
the trial; and the AEIC filed on his behalf purported to put forward various
details relating to the transactions on which the Plaintiff’s claims were
premised. It was also represented that these details were based on his “review
of the relevant documents” and “confidential discussions” 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

See e.g. [35] and [89] of He Yue’s AEIC.

. Given the matters which his AEIC purported to speak to, it was again
extremely odd that no coherent explanation was offered for the last-minute
decision to withdraw him as a witness. All that was said in the Defendant’s
closing submissions was that the Defendant’s directors had no “personal
knowledge of the various transactions in issue”, and that “[a]ccordingly, in
light of such objections taken by the Plaintiff against He Yue’s [AEIC]’, a
decision had been made “not to lead evidence from” him. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

See [22] of the Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

With respect, this explanation made no sense: the Defendant would have been
aware of the risk of objections to He Yue’s evidence from the outset; this
knowledge could hardly have come upon them only mid-trial. Given that an AEIC
had been filed by He Yue, it was also very odd that no explanation was given
as to why he was not offered for cross-examination.

204 Having regard to the above circumstances, I found it reasonable that an
adverse inference be drawn against the Defendant in respect of its failure to
call either Bai Yun or He Yue to give evidence in the trial.

Conclusion

205 For the reasons given in these written grounds, I was satisfied that the
Plaintiff had proved its claims for the four loans and the unpaid share
consideration; and I gave judgment according to the total sum of
US$197,501,785 (with interest). The Plaintiff was also awarded the costs of
the proceedings which I fixed at $120,000 (excluding reasonable disbursements)
after hearing submissions from both parties.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judicial Commissioner

Ashok Kumar, Gregory Leong and Cephas Yee (BlackOak LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Danny Ong, Yam Wern-Jhien, Vince Gui and Danitza Hon (Rajah & Tann Singapore
LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

