Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 82

Criminal Case No 64 of 2017

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

(1)| Ong Seow Ping  
---|---  
(2)| Abdul Rahim Bin Shapiee  
  
GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory Offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Ong Seow Ping and another

[2018] SGHC 82

High Court — Criminal Case No 64 of 2017  
Valerie Thean J  
26–28 September, 3–5 October 2017, 17–19 January 2018, 5 February, 15 March
2018

6 April 2018

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 Following a joint trial, I convicted the first accused, Ong Seow Ping
(“Ong”) and the second accused, Abdul Rahim Bin Shapiee (“Abdul”) on separate
charges of possessing a Class A controlled drug for the purpose of trafficking
under s 5(1)(a), read with s 5(2), of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008
Rev Ed) (“the MDA”). As s 33B of the MDA was not applicable, I imposed the
mandatory sentence of death on both accused persons. These are my reasons.

Charges

2 Ong is a 45-year-old male Singaporean who was initially charged with
possessing, for the purpose of trafficking, 41 packets containing not less
than 1,285.3g of granular/powdery substance which was found to contain not
less than 51.73g of diamorphine (referred to by witnesses at the trial by its
street name, heroin). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Arraignment Notice, p 1.

At the conclusion of the trial, the Prosecution accepted that Ong had intended
to consume one of the packets which was found to contain 0.04g of diamorphine
and applied for the charge to be amended accordingly pursuant to s 128(1) of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at paras 78–79.

The Defence had no objection and the application was granted. I thereafter
convicted Ong on the following charge: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Amended Arraignment Notice, p 1 (C1A).

… on 3 August 2015, at about 10.20 p.m., inside unit #05-196 of Block 728
Jurong West Avenue 5, Singapore, did traffic in a Class ‘A’ controlled drug
listed in the First Schedule to [the MDA], to wit, by having in your
possession for the purpose of trafficking, forty (40) packets containing not
less than 1284.05 grams of granular/powdery substance which was analysed and
found to contain not less than 51.69 grams of diamorphine, without
authorisation under the said Act or the Regulations made thereunder, and you
have thereby committed an offence under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2)
punishable under section 33(1) of the MDA, and further upon your conviction
under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of the MDA, you may alternatively
be liable to be punished under section 33B of the MDA.

3 Abdul is a 41-year-old male Singaporean, who was initially charged with
possessing, for the purpose of trafficking, 14 packets and three straws
containing not less than 965.6g of granular/powdery substance which was found
to contain not less than 41.24g of diamorphine. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Arraignment Notice, p 5.

The Prosecution accepted, after trial, that Abdul had intended to consume the
eight packets and three straws found in two exhibits containing 1.37g of
diamorphine. The Defence had no objection to the amendment of the charge to
exclude these exhibits. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at paras 80–82.

I allowed the amendment and convicted Abdul on the following amended charge: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Amended Arraignment Notice, p 6 (C2A).

… on 3 August 2015, at about 10.00am, inside unit #06-45 of Block 175C, Yung
Kuang Road, Singapore, did traffic in a Class ‘A’ controlled drug listed in
the First Schedule to [the MDA], to wit, by having in your possession for the
purpose of trafficking, six (6) packets containing not less than 928.1 grams
of granular/powdery substance which was analysed and found to contain not less
than 39.87 grams of diamorphine, without authorisation under the said Act or
the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence
under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) punishable under section 33(1) of
the MDA, and further upon your conviction under section 5(1)(a) read with
section 5(2) of the MDA, you may alternatively be liable to be punished under
section 33B of the MDA.

4 At the request of the Prosecution at the commencement of trial, the two
accused, whose offences arose from the “same series of acts” (see s 144 of the
CPC), were jointly tried. No objection was taken by defence counsel. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE 26/09/17, Day 1, p 3.

Agreed Facts

5 An agreed statement of facts (“ASOF”) was tendered under s 267(1) of the
CPC. The agreed facts are as follows.

6 At about 10.00am on 3 August 2015, officers with the Central Narcotics
Bureau (“CNB”) raided unit #06-45 of Block 175C, Yung Kuang Road, Singapore
(“the Yung Kuang Unit”), where Abdul was residing at the time. Abdul and one
Nuraiin Binte Rosman (“Nuraiin”) were arrested in one of the bedrooms of the
said unit. Abdul was packing granular powdery substances while Nuraiin was
packing white crystalline substances. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ASOF at paras 2 and 5.

7 Seized exhibits included 14 packets and three straws of granular/powdery
substance 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ASOF at para 6.

. These exhibits, were marked A1A1 (two packets), A1B1 (three packets), B1A
(three packets), B2A1 (one packet) and B4 (five packets and three straws).
Abdul admitted to ownership and possession of the various exhibits seized. He
knew that the various packets contained heroin. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ASOF at para 27.

The six packets in A1A1, B1A and B2A1, which formed the subject matter of the
amended charge which Abdul was convicted of, were found to contain a total of
not less than 39.87g of diamorphine. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ASOF at para 25.

Several weighing scales, empty cut straws, glass tubes, empty plastic packets
and other paraphernalia were also seized. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ASOF at para 6.

In Abdul’s presence, the seized exhibits were put into polymer bags and
sealed. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ASOF at para 7.

8 On the same day, at about 7.42pm, Ong called Abdul. Several calls later,
Abdul informed the CNB officers that Ong would like to collect one pound of
heroin at Block 728 Jurong West Ave 5, Singapore. Under the supervision of ASP
Chor Guo Hui Desmond (“ASP Chor”), who was the officer in charge of the
operation, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE 26/09/2017, Day 1, pp 94–95.

Abdul called Ong at about 10.06pm, informing Ong that he had arrived at the
carpark of Block 725 Jurong West Ave 5. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ASOF at para 8.

9 At the same time, a second team of CNB officers was despatched to observe
unit #05-196 of Block 728 Jurong West Ave 5, Singapore (“Jurong West Unit”).
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ASOF at para 12.

Ong was seen leaving the said unit at about 10.15pm, and he was arrested
shortly thereafter at about 10.20pm, after a struggle, at the ground floor of
Block 728 Jurong West Ave 5. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ASOF at para 13.

10 Subsequently, Ong was brought to the Jurong West Unit, where he was
residing at the time. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ASOF at para 1.

Seized exhibits included the following: E1A (21 packets), E2A1A (one packet),
F1A1 (one packet), G1A1A (one packet), H2 (one packet), J1A1 (five packets),
J1B1 (five packets) and K1A1A (six packets). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ASOF at para 15.

Ong admitted to ownership and possession, and knew that they contained heroin.
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ASOF at para 28.

The seized exhibits were placed into polymer bags that were sealed in Ong’s
presence. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ASOF at para 16.

The Prosecution subsequently accepted that H2 (containing not less than 0.04g
of diamorphine) was meant for Ong’s personal consumption. The remaining
exhibits, 40 packets found to contain a total of not less than 51.69g of
diamorphine, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ASOF at para 25.

formed the subject matter of the charge which Ong was convicted of.

The applicable law and the key issue

11 Ong and Abdul were charged under ss 5(1) and (2) of the MDA which read as
follows:

Trafficking in controlled drugs

5.—(1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person,
on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not that other
person is in Singapore —

(a) to traffic in a controlled drug;

…

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

12 “Traffic” (with “trafficking” given a corresponding meaning) is defined in
s 2 of the MDA as (a) to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or
distribute; or (b) to offer to do the same, in the absence of authority given
under the Act.

13 The Prosecution’s case was that Ong and Abdul possessed the various
exhibits for the purpose of trafficking. The elements of a charge for
possessing a controlled drug for the purpose of trafficking under s 5(1) read
with s 5(2) of the MDA were set out by the Court of Appeal in Muhammad Ridzuan
bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2014] 3 SLR 721 at [59]:

(a) possession of a controlled drug;

(b) knowledge of the nature of the drug;

(c) proof that possession of the drug was for the purpose of trafficking which
was not authorised.

14 Because it was clear from the agreed facts that both Ong and Abdul admitted
that they had possessed the quantities of drugs stated in the proceeded
charges and had known the nature of the drugs to be heroin, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ASOF at paras 27–28.

only element (c) was in dispute in this case. The presumption of trafficking
in s 17 of the MDA was applicable. Both Ong and Abdul were arrested with more
than 2g of diamorphine in their possession, and the onus was accordingly on
them to rebut the presumption on the balance of probabilities. The presumption
provides:

Presumption concerning trafficking

17. Any person who is proved to have had in his possession more than —

…

(c) 2 grammes of diamorphine;

…

whether or not contained in any substance, extract, preparation or mixture,
shall be presumed to have had that drug in possession for the purpose of
trafficking unless it is proved that his possession of that drug was not for
that purpose.

15 Ong and Abdul’s defences, which I will turn to, rested upon consumption. In
Muhammad bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 427
(“Muhammad bin Abdullah”) at [31], the Court of Appeal highlighted the
following factors which are relevant when examining the defence of
consumption:

(a) rate of drug consumption;

(b) frequency of supply;

(c) whether the accused had the financial means to purchase the drugs for
himself; and

(d) whether the accused had made a contrary admission in any of his statements
that the whole quantity of drugs was for sale.

16 These four factors formed the framework for considering the Prosecution’s
case, the defences raised and my decision for each accused person, which I
detail below.

Ong

The Prosecution’s case

17 The Prosecution submitted that Ong’s defence of consumption was not
plausible. They pointed out that the quantity of heroin found in the Jurong
West Unit could sustain his addiction for 7 years and 31 days. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at paras 36–39.

The Prosecution submitted that it was illogical for Ong to stockpile such a
large quantity of heroin if he had genuinely intended to consume all of it,
because he had ready access to the drug. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at paras 40–42.

Furthermore, Ong had been unemployed for four years at the time of his arrest,
and did not have a stable income. Accordingly, he could hardly have afforded
such a large quantity of heroin for himself. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at para 43.

In any event, Ong had provided complete and detailed admissions regarding his
intention to sell the heroin that were seized from him. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at paras 44–54.

Ong’s case

18 Ong’s case was that all the drugs found in the Jurong West Unit were for
his own consumption. He explained that it was “safer” to buy more drugs,
because doing so would allow him to avoid interacting with suppliers
frequently, as he had been “played out” by suppliers on multiple occasions,
meaning that the suppliers either did not turn up or made off with his money
without providing him with the goods in exchange. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Ong’s written submissions at paras 4–5.

Thus, it was logical for him to keep a large quantity of heroin for himself.
Furthermore, he had recounted the same to Dr Jerome Goh (“Dr Goh”), a senior
consultant psychiatrist from the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) who
interviewed him after his arrest. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Ong’s written submissions at paras 13–19.

19 Ong did not challenge the admissibility of his statements. He contended,
nevertheless, that he lied in his statements. His evidence was that Senior
Staff Sergeant Quek Wee Liang (“SSSGT Quek”), an enforcement officer attached
to CNB, had told him when he was arrested that the large quantity of drugs
found at the Jurong West Unit could not have been meant for his personal
consumption. Because of this, he lied in order to cooperate with the CNB, by
saying that he intended to sell some of the seized heroin, even though he had
intended to consume all of it. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Ong’s written submissions at paras 7 and 9.

Decision on the charge against Ong

20 The first of the four factors set out by the Court of Appeal in Muhammad
bin Abdullah is the rate of consumption. Ong conceded during trial under
cross-examination that he consumed one straw of heroin per day. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 60.

He also accepted that the average amount of pure heroin in each straw was
around 0.02g. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 60.

The quantity of diamorphine seized from the Jurong West Unit, excluding the
quantity which the Prosecution accepted was meant for Ong’s consumption, was
not less than 51.69g. This was enough diamorphine to fill approximately 2,584
straws, which, given his rate of consumption of one straw a day, would last
him more than seven years, a calculation which did not take into account the
additional pound that he planned to purchase from Abdul on the day of his
arrest.

21 Consideration of his frequency of supply did not assist his defence. While
Ong’s explanation for building up a stockpile of heroin was that he had been
cheated by suppliers in the past, his evidence in this respect was vague.
While, as the Prosecution pointed out, this stockpile would have lasted him
seven years, up to the point of arrest, he had only consumed heroin for about
three or four years. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, pp 61–62.

Ong accepted that he had purchased heroin from one Ah Chun on at least 20
occasions, and Ah Chun had called him approximately once a week to offer him
heroin. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 58.

He also confirmed that Ah Chun could provide him with even more heroin if he
had so wished. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 59.

Given that Ah Chun had provided Ong with heroin on numerous occasions, there
was little reason for Ong to fear that Ah Chun would “play him out”. In
addition, aside from Ah Chun, Ong could also obtain heroin from Abdul. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, pp 59–60.

A parallel may be drawn with Muhammad bin Abdullah, where the first appellant
submitted that he had stocked up a large quantity of heroin because the arrest
of a Malaysian syndicate member threatened to interrupt his supply of heroin.
This explanation was rejected by the Court of Appeal at [39] as a “bare
allegation unsupported by any evidence” which “was contrary to evidence of a
regular and uninterrupted supply of drugs (of large quantities) for three
weeks prior to the arrest.” Further, although Ong asserted that he informed Dr
Goh that he was “stocking up” heroin for himself because “he was worried he
could not find the source(s) if he need[ed] the drug”, the next line of the
same report contained his information to Dr Goh that he had been selling
heroin to a few of his friends. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Agreed Bundle at p 198.

22 Ong’s poor financial state at the time of his arrest was not disputed. He
had $5,180.75 in savings, consisting of $5,081.50 in cash found in his wallet
($4,300.00 of which was meant for payment to Abdul for the heroin) and $99.25
in his bank account. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 62.

He had no other savings at the material time, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 62.

and had to borrow money from his wife. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 63.

In my judgment, he could not have been prepared to pay Abdul $4,300.00 for the
heroin (and leave himself with $880.75 in savings) unless he was reasonably
certain that he would be able to profit from selling the heroin which he
bought.

23 Finally, Ong also provided complete and detailed admissions regarding his
intention to sell heroin in the seven statements relating to the capital
charge. Ong did not dispute the voluntariness of his statements, in which he
admitted the following:

(a) In his contemporaneous statement recorded on 4 August 2015, Ong confirmed
that he had intended to sell at least 30 packets of heroin for $100 per eight-
gram packet; 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Ong’s Statements, pp 257–261.

(b) In his cautioned statement recorded on 4 August 2015, Ong stated that the
exhibits found at the Jurong West Unit were “not solely for trafficking
purpose”; 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ong’s Statements, p 312.

(c) In his first investigation statement recorded on 9 August 2015 at about
2.58pm, Ong stated that he started selling drugs to fund his own drug
addiction 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Ong’s Statements, p 401.

and his “expenditures”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Ong’s Statements, p 404.

He also confirmed that he sold heroin at a profit of $20 per eight-gram
packet. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Ong’s Statements, p 405.

He further detailed how he would receive and fulfil orders for heroin from his
clients. In particular, his clients would call him at a particular number to
confirm their orders of heroin, and would meet him at the vicinity of his
block to receive the packets of heroin; 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Ong’s Statements, pp 405–406.

(d) In his second investigation statement recorded on 9 August 2015 at about
8.49pm, Ong stated that he would receive a profit of about $700 to $900 from
selling 55 packets of heroin. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Ong’s Statements, p 408.

He also provided details regarding his sales of heroin to two drug consumers,
“Ah Seng” and “Ah Heng”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Ong’s Statements, pp 411–412.

He further stated that he started purchasing heroin from Abdul sometime around
June 2015; 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Ong’s Statements, p 409.

and

(e) In his fifth investigation statement recorded on 15 August 2015 at about
7.28pm, Ong made the following admissions:

(i) E1A1A was for sale at $100 per packet. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Ong’s Statements, p 457.

(ii) E2A1A would be repacked into 55 smaller packets containing eight grams of
heroin each, and thereafter sold for $100 per packet. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Ong’s Statements, p 458.

(iii) F1A1 would be repacked into approximately 20 smaller packets containing
eight grams of heroin each, and thereafter sold for $100 per packet. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Ong’s Statements, p 459.

(iv) G1A1A would be repacked into smaller packets containing eight grams of
heroin each, and thereafter sold for $100 per packet. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Ong’s Statements, p 460.

(v) J1A1 and J1B1 were for sale at $100 per packet. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Ong’s Statements, p 462.

(vi) K1A1 was for sale at $70 per packet. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Ong’s Statements, pp 464–465.

(vii) H2 was intended for his personal consumption. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Ong’s Statements, p 463.

24 Although Ong accepted that these statements were provided without threat,
inducement or promise, he alleged that SSSGT Quek informed him that the
exhibits seized at the Jurong West Unit could not be for his own consumption
as it was a “very substantial amount” of drugs. Thus, he decided to lie in all
his statements and falsely claim that he intended to sell heroin. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 32.

He thought that by rendering “cooperation”, it would help him receive a
lighter sentence, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 66.

although he accepted that this belief was self-induced. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, pp 33–34.

25 SSSGT Quek unequivocally denied that he had made such a statement to Ong,
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 12.

who accepted that SSSGT Quek had no reason to lie. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 64.

The logic of Ong’s argument was also difficult to follow. Ong was a drug
addict who knew that the penalties for drug trafficking were much heavier than
those for consumption or possession. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 64.

It was rather illogical for Ong, as he claimed, to lie that he had trafficked
heroin in order to receive a lighter sentence. Finally, Ong’s admissions were
very detailed and included specifics as to how customers would order heroin
and meet him. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Ong’s Statements, pp 405–406.

26 Ong also told Dr Goh that he sold heroin to his friends in order to make
ends meet. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Ong’s Statements, p 198.

When cross-examined on this, Ong’s contention was that he had lied to Dr Goh
so as to be consistent with his lies to CNB, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 68.

and because Dr Goh was using the same model of mobile phone as the
investigation officer, Investigation Officer Shafiq Basheer (“IO Basheer”). 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, pp 69–70.

The latter contention was patently unsustainable, and the former, not
persuasive.

27 In all the circumstances, I was satisfied that the Prosecution had proven
its case beyond reasonable doubt against Ong on the amended charge. I
convicted him accordingly.

Abdul

The prosecution’s case

28 The Prosecution relied on Abdul’s concession that he had, on average,
consumed one straw of heroin every two days since October 2014. Since Abdul’s
position at trial was that four drug exhibits, namely A1A1, A1B1, B2A1 and B4,
containing a total of not less than 11.71g of diamorphine, were for his own
consumption, this meant that he had an approximately three-year supply of
diamorphine for his own use. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at paras 57–58.

This, the Prosecution submitted, was inexplicable. Abdul also had a ready
supply of heroin. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at para 59.

Furthermore, the four exhibits referred to above would cost at least $11,121,
a sum which Abdul could not have easily afforded considering his poor
financial circumstances. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at paras 68–69.

In any event, Abdul admitted in his statements that the exhibits were for
sale. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Prosecution’s written submissions at paras 70–71.

Abdul’s case

29 Abdul contended that four of the seized exhibits (namely A1A1, A1B1, B2A1
and B4) were meant for his consumption. Regarding these exhibits, it was
submitted on behalf of Abdul that he was unable to accurately ascertain his
own rate of consumption of heroin because of the erratic urges which he
experienced. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Abdul’s written submissions at paras 39–46.

Therefore, Abdul’s self-proclaimed rate of consuming one straw of heroin every
two days was inaccurate and not ought to be relied upon. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Abdul’s written submissions at para 49.

As for the remaining exhibit, B1A (which contained not less than 29.53g of
diamorphine), Abdul claimed that he had meant to deliver it to Ong and one
other recipient, Husaini Bin Hussin, an inmate currently serving his sentence
in Changi Prison for drug offences. Abdul referred to this inmate as “Jebek”
and the same name is adopted in these grounds of decision. In relation to this
part of the claim, Abdul’s suggestion was that his involvement was limited to
that of a courier. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Abdul’s written submissions at para 69–123.

30 Furthermore, Abdul contended that he did not have a ready supply of heroin.
His first supplier, one “Black”, had stopped selling heroin, and he was
unfamiliar with his new supplier, one “Kumar”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Abdul’s written submissions at paras 54–57.

Further, he submitted that he could very well afford the quantity of heroin
found in his possession, especially since his family was willing to provide
him with financial assistance. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Abdul’s written submissions at paras 58–62.

Therefore, it was not unreasonable for Abdul to have acquired the quantity of
heroin that he did. Finally, he challenged the voluntariness of the statements
in which he had admitted to selling heroin.

Decision on the charge against Abdul

Consumption

31 In considering the first factor set out in Muhammad bin Abdullah, I took
into account that Abdul’s defence, as mentioned above, drew a distinction
between B1A and the rest of the seized exhibits (A1A1, A1B1, B2A1 and B4). Two
of the three packets within B1A were intended for Ong, and the last was
intended for Jebek. The other four exhibits were meant for his consumption.
The Prosecution accepted at the end of trial that A1B1 and part of B4 were
intended for Abdul’s own consumption and reduced the charge to exclude A1B1
and B4. Therefore, these grounds deal only with the remainder: A1A1, B2A1 and
B1A.

32 I deal first with B1A, the three packets intended for Ong and Jebek. Abdul
accepted that he had intended to deliver or “give” two packets of heroin to
Ong, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 16; Abdul’s written submissions at para 79.

and that the remaining packet was “to be given to Jebek because he ordered”
half a pound of heroin. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 29; Abdul’s written submissions at para 123.

These acts fall within the definition of trafficking under s 2 of the MDA,
which is to “give, … send, deliver or distribute”, and Abdul’s intention to
deliver to Ong and Jebek at a future time was sufficient for the purposes of s
5(2) (see Lee Yuan Kwang & anor v Public Prosecutor [1995] 1 SLR(R) 778 at
[57]). Therefore, by Abdul’s own account, he had possessed B1A for the purpose
of trafficking. It was also undisputed that B1A was found to contain not less
than 29.53g of diamorphine. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

ASOF at para 25.

Accordingly, Abdul’s admission in relation to B1A alone was sufficient to
sustain a capital charge under s 5(1) read with s 5(2) of the MDA.

33 In addition, I examined Abdul’s defence that he had intended to consume
A1A1 and B2A1, which formed the remainder of the diamorphine specified in the
amended charge.

34 These two exhibits contained a total of not less than 10.34g of
diamorphine. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

ASOF at para 25.

Abdul admitted in his first long statement that he used to smoke half a packet
of heroin every two days after being arrested by the police in July 2014, but
reduced his rate of consumption to one straw of heroin every two days when he
was arrested again in October 2014. He stated that he maintained this
consumption rate until his arrest in relation to this case on 3 August 2015.
80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Abdul’s Statements, pp 428–429.

Although Abdul stated at trial that his rate of consumption would vary, he
conceded, during cross-examination, that the general average rate was one
straw every two days. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 49.

Assuming that each straw contained 0.02g of diamorphine, the two exhibits
contained enough diamorphine for 517 straws, which would last about two years
and ten months.

35 As stated above, it was argued on behalf of Abdul that the rate of
consumption which he provided at trial was unreliable and ought not to be
relied on, given that it varied from time to time. In particular, it was
submitted “[t]hat one arrest [in July 2014] would cause an increase in heroin
usage and another [in October 2014] would result in a decrease in heroin usage
reflects a contradiction in [Abdul’s] physical disposition in relation to his
rate of consumption, therefore making any absolute declarations as to his rate
of consumption unreliable”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Abdul’s written submissions at para 42.

There was no such inconsistency, however. Abdul had satisfactorily accounted
for the difference in rate of consumption in July 2014 and October 2014. He
informed Dr Kenneth Koh (“Dr Koh”), an IMH psychiatrist whose duty was to
assess his mental state, that his use of heroin decreased in 2015 because he
had started smoking methamphetamine, which helped curb his cravings for
heroin. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Abdul’s Statements, p 193.

He also told Dr Koh that his withdrawal symptoms had reduced because of the
lower intake. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Abdul’s Statements, p 194.

36 Secondly, while defence counsel asserted that Abdul could smoke up to half
a packet a day, he did not follow on, despite an invitation from the Court,
with any assertion as to how long the amount of diamorphine found in his
possession would have lasted him at that rate. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE Day 10, 15/3/2018, pp 5–7.

Of relevance is the guidance in Jusri bin Mohamed Hussain v Public Prosecutor
[1996] 2 SLR(R) 706 at [49] that an accused person seeking to establish a
defence of consumption must “at the very least be able to give a coherent
account of his rate of consumption” to discharge his legal burden of rebutting
the presumption of trafficking. In any event, Abdul stated that half a packet
would contain about five or six straws. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 23.

Even if he smoked this amount every two days, he would have had enough
diamorphine to last him more than 170 days. This was still a very substantial
quantity of diamorphine.

37 Abdul further highlighted that the exhibits for his consumption were packed
differently from those which he had meant to traffic. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Abdul’s written submissions at para 34.

For instance, A1A1, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

P 68.

A1B1, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

P 68.

and B4 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

P 75.

were small packets, which allowed Abdul to consume the heroin contained
therein more conveniently. In contrast, B1A comprised three larger packets
wrapped with black tape. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

P 70.

This, according to Abdul, showed that he had intended to consume some of the
exhibits found in his possession. I found no merit in this submission. Abdul
could, for example, have intended to sell different quantities of drugs to
different buyers. He had also collected a portion of the drugs that morning
from Kumar, and would not have had the time to repack everything. Such
differences in packaging could not be determinative of his intent.

Supply

38 Regarding Abdul’s frequency of supply, his evidence was that he had two
suppliers, Black and Kumar. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 50.

Although Black had at one point stopped supplying him with heroin, Black
provided him with the contact details of another supplier, Kumar. Abdul agreed
in cross-examination that both Black and Kumar would supply the same to him
“on demand”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 50.

Financial means

39 In respect of his financial means, Abdul testified that he earned less than
$2,000 a month as a part-time Uber driver, 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 52.

and roughly $800 a week helping his father with his airfreight business. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 53.

This would translate to around $5,200 a month. However, Abdul had also
accepted that he stayed at home to play with his children at times, 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 53.

and paid Nuraiin $300 to $500 per week for helping him to repack drugs. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, pp 55–56.

He further informed Dr Koh that he had not been working since his arrest in
July 2014. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 53; CH Bundle at p 193.

Thus, his monthly income in 2015 was most likely much lower than $5,200. This
was further exacerbated by an unfortunate choice of renovation contractor
which gave rise to a loss of $7,000 in late 2014, and the need to fork out yet
another sum to renovate his flat. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 54.

Although he claimed at trial that his family had helped him to pay the said
sum, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 54.

this assertion was not corroborated by any witness or any document.
Considering Abdul’s financial means, he could ill afford spending (as he
accepted during cross-examination) at least $8,400 on purchasing both heroin
and ice (ie, methamphetamine) from February 2015 to June 2015. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, pp 51–52.

In my judgment, it is unlikely that he would have done so without the prospect
of earning a profit from the onward sale of the drugs.

Admissions in statements

40 The final factor required me to examine the admissions made in his
statements, which included the following:

(a) In his first contemporaneous statement recorded on 3 August 2015 at
1.10pm, Abdul alleged that the drug exhibits seized at the Yung Kuang Unit
belonged to Ong, and that he had packed them at Ong’s behest. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Abdul’s Statements, p 290.

(b) In his third contemporaneous statement recorded on 3 August 2015 at
9.20pm, Abdul changed his tune and confirmed that the said exhibits belonged
to him, and that he had intended to sell them to various customers, including
Ong. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Abdul’s Statements, p 293.

(c) In his first investigation statement recorded on 11 August 2015, Abdul
admitted that he sold heroin for $20 per straw. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Abdul’s Statements, p 431.

(d) In his second investigation statement recorded on 13 August 2015, Abdul
admitted that his friends would introduce customers who wanted to buy heroin
to him. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Abdul’s Statements, p 436.

(e) In his third investigation statement recorded on 14 August 2015, Abdul
detailed how he would receive and fulfil orders for heroin and ice from his
clients. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Abdul’s Statements, p 441.

Abdul also admitted that he intended to sell one pound of heroin to Ong for
$4,300. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Abdul’s Statements, p 442.

(f) In his fourth investigation statement recorded on 15 August 2015, Abdul
admitted that he intended to repack and sell heroin for $140 per eight-gram
packet. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Abdul’s Statements, pp 451–452.

(g) In his sixth investigation statement recorded on 17 August 2015 at about
8.32pm, Abdul provided extensive information on the contact numbers of his
drug customers. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Abdul’s Statements, pp 509–511.

41 Abdul’s first statement contradicted various of his other statements. As I
explain below, after considering the evidence given during his ancillary
hearing and in the course of the trial, I was of the view that only the
admissions made in the third contemporaneous statement and the statements made
thereafter were reliable.

(1) Abdul’s ancillary hearing on his statements

42 The Prosecution sought to adduce three contemporaneous statements, a
cautioned statement and six long statements. Abdul challenged the
voluntariness of seven of the ten statements he gave, admitting to the
voluntariness of the first and second contemporaneous statements and the
cautioned statement. Abdul’s challenge of the third contemporary statement
rested on a threat made by ASP Chor on 3 August prior to the third
contemporaneous statement. Out of frustration that the telephone number of Ong
provided by Abdul was incorrect, ASP Chor said: “If that’s the case, I’ll
bring your wife and … your family to the station.” 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE 27/09/2017, Day 2, p 45

43 Taking Abdul’s case at its highest, ASP Chor had threatened to bring
Abdul’s family to the police station if he was not helpful with Ong’s arrest.
In other words, this alleged threat was made to enlist Abdul’s assistance in a
drug operation, and not for the purpose of obtaining a confession from him.
The alleged threat did not have reference to the charge, which is a
requirement under s 258(3) of the CPC (see Poh Kay Keong v Public Prosecutor
[1995] 3 SLR(R) 887 at [44]). Further, the words uttered by ASP Chor were not,
objectively determined, a threat. Abdul’s allegation was that ASP Chor had
threatened to bring his family to the police station. There was no suggestion
that ASP Chor had threatened to prosecute his family or to harm them in any
way. Accordingly, in my view, Abdul’s fears were self-induced and did not
emanate from a threat, inducement or promise. Indeed, Abdul conceded in cross-
examination that his worries about his wife were “self-perceived”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE 28/09/2017, Day 3, p 10.

Such self-perceived threats are insufficient to render a statement involuntary
– the existence of a threat, inducement or promise from a person in authority
must be established (Lu Lai Heng v Public Prosecutor [1994] 1 SLR(R) 1037 at
[19]). Abdul moreover conceded that he had known, even before his first
contemporaneous statement (which he admitted to be voluntary) was recorded,
that his wife would be brought to the police station. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE 28/09/2017, Day 3, pp 8–9.

44 The second contention, relating to his six investigation statements, was IO
Basheer’s refusal to allow Abdul to call his wife until all the statements
were completed, resulting in Abdul fearing for his wife. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE 27/09/2017, Day 2, p 47.

He alleged that this fear operated on his mind and continued throughout the
recording of the long statements.

45 This challenge had no merit. Even if the Court were to accept Abdul’s
contentions, the words allegedly uttered by IO Basheer did not, objectively
determined, amount to a threat, inducement or promise. There was no suggestion
that IO Basheer had demanded that Abdul confess or admit to trafficking heroin
before he would let him speak to his wife. Rather, the allegation was that IO
Basheer did not allow Abdul to speak to his wife until he had finished giving
his statements. It is difficult to accept how this subjectively caused Abdul
to provide the six long statements over the course of seven days, from 11
August 2015 to 17 August 2015. These statements were recorded after the
cautioned statement, where it was explained to Abdul that he would be
sentenced to death if he was convicted of trafficking heroin. In my view, it
is difficult to believe that Abdul would have willingly admitted to a capital
charge in exchange for an opportunity to speak with his wife. Of relevance
also was Sharom bin Ahmad and another v Public Prosecutor [2000] 2 SLR(R) 541
(“Sharom”), where the accused, who faced a capital charge, challenged the
admissibility of a long statement in a similar vein. The Court of Appeal found
that it “made no sense” that the accused’s free will “would be so easily
weakened by his desire to see his wife that he would rather give a statement
that would eventually bring him more harm than any advantage” (Sharom at
[47]).

(2) Abdul’s assertions during his trial regarding his statements

46 Abdul’s statements were therefore admitted after the ancillary hearing.
When the trial resumed, Abdul disputed their accuracy during the main trial by
raising new allegations that IO Basheer had forced him to cooperate. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 21.

I found this hard to believe. If he had really wanted to cooperate, it would
have been much simpler for him to state that all of the drugs seized from him
were for sale. Instead, it was recorded that exhibits A1B1 and part of B4 were
for his own consumption. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Abdul’s Statements, pp 450 and 452.

When this point was put to Abdul, he then raised a new allegation that was not
put to IO Basheer: that IO Basheer suggested to him that B4 was most likely
for sale because the packets weighed around 8g each. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 63.

47 Further, Abdul admitted during cross-examination in the main trial that the
majority of his first contemporaneous statement, which he had sought to rely
on as the truth while disavowing his third contemporaneous statement and six
investigation statements, consisted of lies. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, pp 43–46.

These lies were as follows:

(a) the heroin belonged to Ong (when it was actually meant for Ong); 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 44.

(b) Ong had asked him to pack the heroin (he did not); 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 44.

(c) Ong had given him instructions on how the heroin was to be collected (he
did not); 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 45.

(d) Ong paid him about $500 to $600 each time for packing drugs for him; 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 46.

and

(e) Ong told him that he would collect the drugs from him at around 4pm at a
nearby park. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 46.

48 Abdul did not proffer any explanation as to why he had lied, apart from
saying that “it didn’t occur to [him] to give the full details of what was
happening”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 44.

It was clear, nonetheless, from the admissions made during his testimony, that
the first contemporaneous statement was not reliable.

49 I should mention that Abdul was inconsistent with respect to the
voluntariness of his various statements. He began by accepting that he had
given the third contemporaneous statement (save for the answers to questions
22 and 24) 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE 27/09/2017, Day 2, p 53.

and the first three investigation statements (recorded on 11, 13 and 14 August
2015) voluntarily. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NE 27/09/2017, Day 2, pp 56–57; NE 28/09/2017, Day 3, p 3.

After conferring with his counsel for about 15 minutes on the second day of
the ancillary hearing, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE 28/09/2017, Day 3, pp 4–5.

however, he changed his evidence, and challenged the admissibility of the
third contemporaneous statement and all the investigation statements. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE 28/09/2017, Day 3, pp 5–6; NE 05/10/2017, Day 6, p 16.

50 After considering the evidence, I regarded as reliable the admissions made
in his third contemporaneous statement and those made after (ie, his cautioned
statement, which was not disputed, and six investigation statements). These
included the admissions highlighted at [40(b)]–[40(g)] above.

Conclusion on Abdul

51 Applying the Muhammad bin Abdullah framework, I was of the view that Abdul
had not rebutted the presumption of trafficking in relation to the four drug
exhibits. In my judgment, the Prosecution had proved the amended charge beyond
a reasonable doubt, and I accordingly convicted Abdul on the amended charge.

Sentence

Ong

52 Ong did not adduce any evidence that he was merely a courier within the
meaning of s 33B of the MDA. Neither did the Prosecution tender a certificate
of substantial assistance. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE Day 10, 15/3/2018, p 22.

By virtue of s 33(1) of the MDA read with the Second Schedule to the MDA, the
punishment prescribed for possessing more than 15g of diamorphine for the
purpose of trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA is death.
Accordingly, I imposed the mandatory death penalty on Ong.

Abdul

Abdul’s contentions in relation to s 33B of the MDA

53 Abdul submitted that s 33B was applicable to him, because, in relation to
the three packets of diamorphine in B1A, he was a mere “courier”, fulfilling
the criteria under s 33B(2)(a) or s 33B(3)(a) of the MDA, effecting a delivery
from Kumar to Ong for two packets and Jebek for the last packet. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 19.

Jebek was to give him $1,900 in exchange for half a pound of heroin, 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 64.

while Ong was to pass him $4,300. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 20.

The law on s 33B

54 Section 33B of the MDA provides:

Discretion of court not to impose sentence of death in certain circumstances

33B.—(1) Where a person commits or attempts to commit an offence under section
5(1) or 7, being an offence punishable with death under the sixth column of
the Second Schedule, and he is convicted thereof, the court —

(a) may, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (2), instead
of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for life
and, if the person is sentenced to life imprisonment, he shall also be
sentenced to caning of not less than 15 strokes; or

(b) shall, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (3), instead
of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for life.

(2) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(a) are as follows:

(a) the person convicted proves, on a balance of probabilities, that his
involvement in the offence under section 5(1) or 7 was restricted —

(i) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(ii) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(iii) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(iv) to any combination of activities in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii);
and

(b) the Public Prosecutor certifies to any court that, in his determination,
the person has substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in
disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore.

…

(4) The determination of whether or not any person has substantively assisted
the Central Narcotics Bureau in disrupting drug trafficking activities shall
be at the sole discretion of the Public Prosecutor and no action or proceeding
shall lie against the Public Prosecutor in relation to any such determination
unless it is proved to the court that the determination was done in bad faith
or with malice.

55 The Court of Appeal recently provided guidance in Zainudin bin Mohamed v
Public Prosecutor [2018] SGCA 8 (“Zainudin”) on the scope of this provision.
Although this decision was delivered after written submissions were exchanged
on 5 February 2018, parties asked to submit on it at the last hearing on 15
March 2018 and were of the view that their closing submissions were consistent
with the views of the Court of Appeal. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NE Day 10, 15/3/2018, pp 13–14; 16–17.

56 Steven Chong JA, delivering the judgment of the court, held that having
regard to the relevant legislative debates, Parliament intended s 33B to
contain “limited” and “‘tightly-defined’ exceptions” to the general rule that
the death penalty is the appropriate punishment for those who traffic or
import drugs in a quantity exceeding the prescribed threshold, because general
deterrence still remains the predominant objective in relation to drug
offences (at [49]) (emphases in original). The common thread (at [81]) in the
types of conduct within the scope of s 33B(2)(a) were acts that were
facilitative or incidental to the transporting, sending or delivering of the
controlled drugs. Examples of such acts included (Zainudin at [57]–[64]):

(a) storing or safe-keeping drugs in the course of transporting, sending or
delivering those drugs;

(b) collection of drugs for the purpose of subsequent transporting, sending or
delivering those drugs;

(c) collection of money upon sending, transporting or delivering of drugs; and

(d) relaying of information regarding subsequent deliveries in the course of
transporting, sending or delivering drugs.

57 Conversely, acts falling outside the scope of s 33B(2)(a) included (at
[65]–[68] and [104]):

(a) recruitment of drug couriers and administration of remuneration;

(b) efforts to expand the drug consumer base;

(c) sourcing for drug supply and acting as a go-between in negotiations for
drug transactions; and

(d) division and packing of drugs for the purpose of giving the drugs the
capacity for wider transmission.

Decision

58 Particular reliance was placed by defence counsel on Public Prosecutor v
Christeen d/o Jayamany and another [2015] SGHC 126 (“Christeen”), 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Abdul’s written submissions at para 82.

where Tay Yong Kwang J (as Tay JA then was) distilled the following factors
which inform the analysis of whether an accused was a mere “courier” (at
[68]):

(a) whether the role is a common and ordinary incident of transporting,
sending or delivering a drug;

(b) whether such involvement is necessary to deliver the drugs, including:

(i) the degree of alteration to the drugs; and

(ii) the extent to which such involvement looks beyond his immediate recipient
of the drugs;

(c) the extent in scope and time of the functions which the offender performs;

(d) the degree of executive decision-making powers which the accused has; and

(e) whether the offender receives a distinct form of benefit for performing
his extra functions.

59 It was submitted on behalf of Abdul that applying the above guidance, Abdul
was merely a “courier” for the following reasons:

(a) Abdul had repacked the diamorphine in order to differentiate what belonged
to him and the other persons, and because there was a hole in the packaging of
the original wrapping which could have opened him to allegations that the
diamorphine had “leaked”. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Abdul’s written submissions at paras 86 and 95.

Furthermore, as stated by Choo Han Teck J in Public Prosecutor v Tan Kah Ho
and another [2017] SGHC 61, an accused who “separated the bundles for
delivery” could nevertheless be considered a courier. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Abdul’s written submissions at para 93.

(b) Abdul’s delivery was a “one-off ad hoc duty”, given that the evidence did
not show any lengthy exchanges between Kumar and him. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Abdul’s written submissions at para 99.

(c) Abdul had no executive decision-making powers, which was clear from the
fact that he had no power to set the price of the heroin. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Abdul’s written submissions at para 104.

(d) Abdul did not profit from the transaction. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Abdul’s written submissions at para 107.

60 Primarily, Abdul sought to say that he was purely a deliveryman for the
parcels for Ong and Jebek. In assessing the defence contentions, three points
are pertinent. First, the burden of proof lies on the person convicted to
prove, on a balance of probabilities, that his involvement in the offence was
restricted to one of the permitted types of activities set out in s
33B(2)(a)(i)–(iv): Zainudin, at [109]. Secondly, this inquiry is a fact-
sensitive one in each case: Rosman bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1
SLR 10 (“Rosman bin Abdullah”) at [30]–[31]. Thirdly, even an offender who is
asked to deliver a quantity of drugs may nevertheless found not to be
delivering but in substance to be distributing: Zainudin at [105]. As I
explain below, the evidence did not support Abdul’s contentions that he was
only facilitating delivery as a courier.

61 First, Abdul’s submissions on the delivery of the parcel intended for Jebek
was contradicted by Jebek, who had been called by Abdul as a defence witness.
Jebek denied that he had asked Abdul to purchase half a pound of heroin for
him, or that he had given Abdul $1,900 to complete the purchase. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE Day 9, 19/1/2018, pp 14–15.

He said that he had “never gotten any drugs” from Abdul, and that as friends,
they had only consumed drugs together. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE Day 9, 19/1/2018, p 7.

During cross-examination by the Prosecution, he specifically stated that he
had not asked Abdul to transport or order drugs on his behalf. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NE Day 9, 19/1/2018, p 16.

He also confirmed that coming from a poor family, he could not have afforded
to purchase $1,900 worth of heroin. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NE Day 9, 19/1/2018, p 15.

In his submissions, Abdul did not seek to discredit Jebek. Rather, it was said
that Jebek’s testimony “should be granted additional weight given the
spontaneous nature by which it was made”. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Abdul’s written submissions at para 110.

More importantly, Abdul’s fourth investigation statement explained that this
last packet was intended to be stored in the room to be repacked into smaller
packets of 8g when customers placed orders. He expected to make 30 packets of
heroin from this parcel, at $140 a packet. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Abdul’s Statements, p 451.

62 Ong’s evidence, moreover, indicated that Abdul played a middleman function,
contrary to Abdul’s position that he was to deliver the “batu” at no profit.
While under cross-examination by Abdul’s counsel, he denied that the pound of
heroin was meant to be passed to him through Abdul from a third-party supplier
(presumably Kumar). 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 53.

He also did not give Abdul any instructions as to how the heroin was supposed
to be packed. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 53.

Most tellingly, he stated that he would “place the order to [Abdul, who was]
supposed to send it to [him]” [emphasis added]. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NE Day 7, 17/1/2018, p 53.

Abdul’s own evidence reinforced this point. He stated in his evidence-in-chief
that he had helped Ong (upon Ong’s request) to source for heroin, which he did
by approaching his supplier, Kumar. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE Day 8, 18/1/2018, p 19.

In his third contemporaneous statement, he stated he intended to “sell” the
pound of heroin to Ong for $4,800. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Abdul’s Statements, p 293.

Later in the same statement, he disclosed purchases of heroin from “Umar” for
$3,800 a pound. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Abdul’s Statements, p 294.

In his third investigation statement, he followed on to describe how he had
obtained Ong’s number, sought Ong’s custom for a “batu” of heroin, intending
to sell it to Ong for $4,300, after which he contacted Kumar to arrange a
supply of two “batu”. After receipt of the heroin from Kumar, he weighed the
drugs and prepared the package for Ong, planning to contact him in the
afternoon. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Abdu’s Statements, pp 442–444.

The reference in the third contemporaneous statement to $4,800 instead of
$4,300 and to Umar instead of Kumar were likely errors because the statement
was taken by hand at the time of the arrest. Abdul’s intended delivery to Ong,
in this context, was in the nature of distribution, as envisaged by Zainudin
at [105], rather than delivery.

63 Of relevance is Rosman bin Abdullah, cited by Chong JA with approval in
Zainudin at [67]. There, Rosman actively sourced for the diamorphine in
question and acted as a middleman in negotiations between the supplier and a
third party for the sale and purchase of diamorphine, by conveying the third
party’s offer to the supplier to enable the two of them to reach an agreement
over the terms of payment. The Court of Appeal held in Rosman bin Abdullah
that these acts were not merely incidental in the course of transporting,
sending or delivery of drugs (at [36]), and affirmed the finding of Tay J that
he was not a “courier”. Similarly, in the present case, Abdul had sourced
diamorphine for Ong, and was a middleman between Ong and Kumar.

64 The Christeen guidelines, relied upon by defence counsel, did not assist
Abdul. His acts were not a “common and ordinary incident of transporting,
sending or delivering a drug”, nor was his involvement “necessary to deliver
the drugs”. It should be noted that while the accused Christeen collected
money and relayed messages, these actions were incidental to her transporting
and delivering the drugs: see Zainudin, at [61]–[64]. Indeed, in Public
Prosecutor v Rosman bin Abdullah [2015] SGHC 287, at [18], Tay J referred to
his earlier Christeen guidelines and distinguished Rosman’s role on the
footing that he helped to source for heroin and to broker the deal.

65 In addition, aside from Ong, Abdul admitted to some 55 customers in his
sixth investigation statement. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Abdul’s Statements, pp 509–511.

In the light of this customer base, and his admission in his investigation
statement mentioned at [61] in relation to the third parcel in B1A, it was
clear that his collection from Kumar was not one-off as he contended. Rather,
he had sourced for and intended to facilitate the sale and distribution of the
heroin found in his possession. It was clear from the Court of Appeal’s
decision in Public Prosecutor v Chum Tat Suan [2015] 1 SLR 834 that persons
intending to sell controlled drugs would not be characterised as couriers: see
Zainudin at [70].

66 For these reasons, I found that Abdul’s role exceeded that of a “courier”
and that he was unable to satisfy the requirements of s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA.

67 After I made my finding, the Prosecution informed me that a certificate of
substantive assistance under s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA had been issued in Abdul’s
favour. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NE Day 10, 15/3/2018, at p 22.

Nevertheless, the alternative sentencing regime under s 33B(1)(a) was not
available to Abdul because both requirements in s 33B(2)(a) and s 33B(2)(b)
must be satisfied before an accused person may qualify. I therefore sentenced
Abdul, who had possessed more than 15g of diamorphine for the purpose of
trafficking, to death.

Final comments on Abdul’s courier contention

68 I close by dealing with an argument made by the Prosecution in the event
that it becomes relevant on appeal. Relevant to Abdul’s submissions on s 33B
of the MDA in relation to the parcels for Ong and Jebek, the Prosecution
submitted that Abdul could not be allowed to argue that he was only a courier
in relation to some, and not all, of the diamorphine found his possession.
Either he was a courier for all of the diamorphine found in his possession, or
none at all. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NE Day 10, 15/3/2018, at pp 17–18.

The words of s 33B allow for this reading, as subsection (2) applies to the
accused’s “involvement in the offence”, which is the offence coming within
subsection (1). Nevertheless, I note that in this case, if I had taken the
view that Abdul was a “courier” in relation to the parcels he said were
intended for Ong and Jebek, this would concern 29.53g of diamorphine, forming
the bulk of the diamorphine involved in the charge, with the remainder 10.34g
under the capital punishment threshold. I was not required to deal with the
Prosecution’s argument as, on the facts, I was of the view that Abdul’s
actions were not sufficiently limited. If a different view of the facts is
taken on appeal, it would be relevant to consider an amendment to Abdul’s
charge pursuant to s 390(4) of the CPC, such that two charges could be
preferred instead: one for trafficking 29.53g of diamorphine, to which s 33B
would be applicable, and another for trafficking 10.34g, for which a different
(and not capital) punishment would be applicable.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

John Lu Zhuoren, Chin Jincheng and Shenna Tjoa Kai-en for the Prosecution;  
Chung Ting Fai (Chung Ting Fai & Co) and Prasad s/o Karunakarn (K Prasad & Co)
for the first defendant;  
Nadwani Manoj Prakash (Gabriel Law Corporation), Jeeva Arul Joethy (Regent Law
LLC) and Luo Ling Ling (Aequitas Law LLP) for the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

