Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHC 79

HC/Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 86 of 2017

(HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 342 of 2017)

Between

Lim Lee Lee

… Plaintiff

And

United Overseas Bank Limited

… Defendant

judgment

[Insolvency law] — [bankruptcy] — [statutory demand]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Lee Lee

  
v

  

United Overseas Bank Ltd

[2018] SGHC 79

High Court —HC/Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 86 of 2017 (HC/Registrar’s
Appeal No 342 of 2017)  
Choo Han Teck J  
26 March 2018

3 April 2018 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a housewife and a joint-owner of a house on Branksome Road
together with her husband, now a bankrupt businessman. Prior to his
bankruptcy, the company in which the husband was a partner ran up a huge debt,
and the Branksome Road property was mortgaged to the defendant bank. It is not
disputed that the plaintiff signed the mortgage documents.

2 Despite the foreclosure on the mortgaged property, the husband’s company
still owes the defendant US$12m, as the documents contain covenants by the
husband and the plaintiff to jointly and severally pay all sums due by the
husband’s company. The mortgaged property was sold in March last year and the
defendant served a statutory demand on the plaintiff for the outstanding debt
of S$16,194,413.13.

3 The plaintiff did not respond and so the defendant commenced bankruptcy
proceedings on 17 April 2017. She was represented by solicitors by April 2017,
and the husband’s company began negotiations with the defendant without
success. It was only on 3 August 2017 that her solicitors objected to the
bankruptcy application, notwithstanding that in five previous hearings, no
objection was raised in respect of the application and the statutory demand.
The proceedings in respect of the bankruptcy application have been stayed
pending the defendant’s present appeal before me. The defendant is appealing
against the order of an assistant registrar (“AR”) setting aside the statutory
demand on the ground that there are “triable issues”. The AR had also granted
the plaintiff an extension of time to apply to set aside the statutory demand.
Had he not done so, the time limited for the plaintiff to apply to set aside
the statutory demand would have expired on 31 March 2017.

4 There are, therefore, two issues before me. First, was the AR right to grant
the plaintiff an extension of time to set aside the statutory demand,
presumably because he felt that the merits deserved to be heard at trial.
Secondly, was the AR right in finding that there are merits in setting aside
the statutory demand? Some of the defendant’s arguments on the first issue
overlap with the second. I will deal with both jointly.

5 No reason was given as to why the AR exercised his discretion to grant an
extension of time for the plaintiff to apply to set aside the statutory
demand, presumably because he felt that the merits deserved to be heard at
trial. It is clear from the record that the plaintiff had requested through
her lawyers for a copy of the partial discharge of the mortgage. That was sent
to her and from it she would have known that her obligations have not been
fully discharged. I agree with Mr Ang that the delay of about five months from
the time limited for such applications is too long for the court to take a
lenient view. It still may if there are strong grounds for doing so, but from
the facts of this case, discussed below, there is no basis to grant the
plaintiff an extension of time to file her application to set aside the
statutory demand.

6 The plaintiff sought refuge in the fact that she did not object to the
bankruptcy application and the statutory demand because the parties were in
negotiations to settle the defendant’s claims, but as Mr Patrick Ang, counsel
for the defendant pointed out, those negotiations were entered into expressly
without prejudice to the plaintiff’s rights to oppose the bankruptcy
proceedings.

7 The plaintiff claims that she signed the mortgage documents because she was
misled by her husband who exercised undue influence on her. That may possibly
be true, and on that alone people in the plaintiff’s position deserve genuine
sympathy, but the court’s role is not just that of a dispenser of sympathy. It
is to ensure that competing claims are fairly adjudicated. The circumstances
show that her claim to be a weak one, conjured out of desperation when time
was running out.

8 The plaintiff, like every housewife, who has and will sign mortgage
documents on account of their being joint owners of a property put up as
security for a loan by their husbands, must be protected from any undue
influence. But so must innocent third parties, which, in this case is the
defendant bank. An agreement with a bank will only be vitiated if the bank is
put on inquiry as to the undue influence, and fails to take reasonable steps
to satisfy itself that there is no undue influence. Here the accusation was
directed at the complainant’s own husband. It is easy enough to allege that
one’s spouse to has unduly influenced one, but such an allegation is
insufficient and the aggrieved plaintiff here has a recourse in law against
the spouse. In this way, the law prevents businessmen from hiding assets from
creditors.

9 Furthermore, the documents had been explained to the plaintiff by the
solicitor of the bank, who had followed up with a confirmation in writing the
next day. Counsel for the plaintiff argued that that is proof that the
solicitor did not advise her of the consequences on the day the plaintiff
signed. On the contrary, I think that sending a written version of an oral
advice is a common practice and a good one. It does not follow that it had not
followed a previous oral advice; but even if the solicitor did not render oral
advice before the plaintiff signed the mortgage documents, there was ample
time for the plaintiff to take remedial action. That runs naturally against
her argument that she had signed under the undue influence of her husband. The
two arguments are not compatible. Neither seems to me in this case to be
sufficient to justify an extension of time to apply to set aside the statutory
demand or to set aside the statutory demand in any event. That alone is
sufficient to allow the defendant’s appeal, but there is also no merit in the
plaintiff’s case for setting aside the statutory notice. The defendant’s
appeal is therefore allowed. I will hear arguments on costs at a later date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Lee Ee Yang and Charis Wong (Covenant Chambers LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Patrick Ang, Ryan Loh Chin Leong and Edwin Cheng (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP)
for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

