Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 110

Suit No 481 of 2016

Between

| Lee Boon Teow  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Shi Guojun @ Lai Meau Shin (Lai MiaoXin)  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Implied terms]

[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lee Boon Teow

  

v

  

Shi Guojun alias Lai Meau Shin

  

[2018] SGHC 110

High Court — Suit No 481 of 2016  
Woo Bih Li J  
27–30 November 2017; 12 January, 19 March 2018

2 May 2018

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 This case involved certain sums of moneys which were given by the Plaintiff
to the Defendant, who is a Buddhist monk, and which the Plaintiff claimed to
be intended for the sole purpose of funding the Defendant’s education. In
filing this action, the Plaintiff sought repayment of those sums on the basis
that their intended purpose was not fulfilled. After hearing the evidence of
both parties, I dismissed the Plaintiff’s action on 19 March 2018. I now give
the detailed grounds of my decision.

Background facts

2 The Defendant was Abbot of Mahabodhi Monastery (“MBM”) from 2008 to about
February 2017 and is President of the MBM Management Committee.

3 The Plaintiff is a Singapore businessman and a member of MBM. He was also
First Vice President of the MBM Management Committee from 2011 to March 2016,
and Property Trustee of MBM at the time of the hearing.

4 The Plaintiff’s claim was in respect of AUD$240,000 (“the Sum”) comprising
various sums which were handed or sent to the Defendant in 2010, allegedly at
the Defendant’s request for his pursuit of a doctoral degree with an
Australian university (“the Purpose”).

5 The Defendant admitted receiving about AUD$200,000 by telegraphic transfer
in or about April 2010 from the Plaintiff. In his pleaded defence, he denied
receiving the balance sum of AUD$40,000 which was allegedly handed to him in
cash over various occasions in 2010.

6 While the Defendant admitted that he had informed the Plaintiff about his
intention to pursue a doctoral degree in Australia, the Defendant alleged that
he did not ask for money to pay for the pursuit of the doctoral degree. He
alleged that whatever money he had received from the Plaintiff was a gift, in
the form of a Dana, without any condition. The gift was in appreciation of the
Defendant’s prayers for the Plaintiff’s business and the Defendant’s advice in
respect of issues in the Plaintiff’s marriage.

The Plaintiff’s pleaded causes of action

7 In his pleadings, the Plaintiff relied on two causes of action.

8 It was not clear whether the first cause of action, as pleaded, was based on
contract or tort. Paragraph 15 of the Statement of Claim (“SOC”) referred to
the Defendant having acted contrary to the terms (of some alleged agreement).
However, the same paragraph also alleged that the Defendant had converted the
money for his own purposes, which is a tort.

9 The Plaintiff stated in his opening statement (at para 101) that the first
cause of action was straightforward, being “simply a pleading of a contractual
study grant”.

10 The Plaintiff’s closing submissions asserted (at para 70) that the first
cause of action was “for a debt due – money had and received pursuant to a
contract of study grant”. It also asserted that the study grant was repayable
if not used pursuant to agreed terms.

11 In my view, the Plaintiff’s first pleaded cause of action was based on
contract, and not on money had and received or unjust enrichment, even though
the Plaintiff’s closing submissions raised arguments on unjust enrichment. The
Plaintiff also pleaded that it was an implied term or a collateral term of the
agreement that if the Defendant did not use the money for the Purpose, then it
was repayable by the Defendant to the Plaintiff (see para 9 of the SOC).

12 The second pleaded cause of action was based on the alleged existence of a
constructive trust, on the basis of which the Plaintiff sought tracing and an
accounting. In the Plaintiff’s closing submissions, he claimed not only for
the return of the money under this cause of action but also a share of profit
as the Defendant had apparently used the money to partially pay for the
purchase of properties (a unit and a car park lot) in Sydney, Australia, and
sold them at a profit.

Issues to be determined

13 The issues for determination were:

(a) How much the Defendant received from the Plaintiff in 2010.

(b) Whether the Sum received by the Defendant from the Plaintiff in 2010 was
for the Purpose.

(c) Whether the Defendant was under an obligation to repay the Sum if he did
not use it for the Purpose, which in turn depended on:

(i) whether there was an express term for him to repay the Sum if it was not
used for the Purpose;

(ii) whether there was an implied term for him to repay the Sum in such
circumstances; or

(iii) whether the Defendant held the Sum received on a constructive trust for
the Plaintiff.

14 I shall now discuss each issue in turn.

Issue 1: How much the Defendant received from the Plaintiff in 2010?

The two sums of AUD$240,000

15 The Plaintiff alleged that sometime towards the end of 2006 or early 2007,
the Defendant had approached him to pay for the Defendant’s pursuit of a
Master’s degree in Buddhist Studies at the University of Sydney, Australia.
The Plaintiff agreed and eventually handed over sums of moneys amounting to
AUD$240,000 either personally or through the Plaintiff’s wife, over four
instalments. The Plaintiff agreed that he knew the Defendant well by May 2008
when the Defendant became Abbot of MBM. If the Plaintiff’s allegation about
this first sum of AUD$240,000 was to be accepted, it may be that the Plaintiff
also knew the Defendant quite well even before May 2008 since he was first
allegedly approached by the Defendant to fund the Defendant’s studies towards
the end of 2006 or early 2007.

16 According to the Plaintiff, in or about April 2010, the Defendant again
asked the Plaintiff to pay for the Defendant’s studies, this time to pursue a
doctoral degree with an Australian university. The Defendant allegedly asked
for a second sum of AUD$240,000 which the Plaintiff agreed to.

17 At this point, I would highlight that the Plaintiff was therefore alleging
that he had given the Defendant two aggregate sums each totalling AUD$240,000.
The first aggregate sum was to pursue a Master’s degree and the second
aggregate sum was to pursue a doctoral degree, both in Australia. For the
purpose of the present action, the Plaintiff was claiming only the second
aggregate sum which I have referred to as “the Sum”.

Did the Plaintiff give the Defendant AUD$240,000 in 2010?

18 It was undisputed that on or about 21 April 2010, the Plaintiff remitted
AUD$200,000 to the Defendant’s bank account in Sydney. After deduction for
some small bank charges, the net amount the Defendant received was slightly
less, but for this action, I have proceeded on the basis that he received
AUD$200,000 from that remittance.

19 The first issue was whether the Defendant also received another AUD$40,000
in or about 2010 from the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff’s position was that this
sum was handed to the Defendant in cash over various occasions in 2010. The
Defendant denied this.

20 The Plaintiff relied on the minutes of a Management Committee meeting of
MBM on 3 November 2015. The minutes reflected that the Plaintiff told the
committee about the following:

(a) that the Plaintiff had given the Defendant the first and second aggregate
sums of AUD$240,000 each in 2006 and 2010 respectively;

(b) that the purpose of the Sum was for the Defendant’s Masters and doctoral
studies;

(c) that the Defendant did not explain what he did with the Sum even though he
did not pursue the doctoral degree; and

(d) that the Plaintiff learned that the Defendant had bought the Australian
properties instead.

21 The minutes recorded the following response from the Defendant:

(a) the Defendant explained how he came to buy the properties in question;

(b) the Defendant’s position was that the money given in 2006 and 2010 was for
services rendered by him to help the Plaintiff’s family and business problems,
and that he did not ask for the two aggregate sums nor did he request funding
for his studies.

However, there was no record of the Defendant disputing the quantum of the
second aggregate sum which the Plaintiff said he had given to the Defendant in
2010.

22 Furthermore, after the Plaintiff’s solicitors sent a letter of demand dated
5 May 2016 to the Defendant for the Sum, the Defendant’s solicitors replied on
12 May 2016 to say that the Sum was a gift which was not for the Purpose. That
letter implicitly admitted that the Defendant did receive the Sum.

23 It was therefore too late for the Defendant to deny in his defence that he
received the AUD$40,000 in addition to the AUD$200,000.

24 Indeed, in oral evidence, the Defendant eventually accepted that he did
receive the Sum from the Plaintiff in 2010. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 29/11/17 p 43

25 I therefore found that the Defendant did receive the Sum in 2010 from the
Plaintiff.

Issue 2: Whether the Sum received by the Defendant from the Plaintiff in 2010
was for the Purpose

The Defendant’s case

26 The Defendant’s position was that he did not ask for the Sum for the
Purpose and in fact did not ask for the Sum at all. As stated above, his
position was that the Sum was given to him as a Dana in appreciation of his
prayers for the Plaintiff’s business and for his advice in respect of the
Plaintiff’s marital issues.

27 The Defendant further claimed that whilst he did initially have the
intention to pursue a doctoral degree in Australia, he changed his mind in
order to oversee the MBM rebuilding project in Singapore. In addition, the
Defendant pointed out that since he was an Australian Permanent Resident, he
was considered to be a domestic student and hence eligible for funding that
would have covered the cost of any doctorate studies, and that in any case he
had sufficient savings to cover his own expenses.

The Plaintiff’s case

28 Apart from asserting that the purpose of the Sum was for the Defendant to
pursue his doctoral degree, the Plaintiff also denied having received any
marital counselling from the Defendant, and stated that his business did not
face any financial difficulties.

My findings

29 It was to my mind significant that the Sum given was of a large quantum.
While the Defendant alleged that the Plaintiff had in the past handed cash in
various currencies to the Defendant, there was no evidence that the Plaintiff
had given a large amount of AUD$200,000, or its equivalent, at one go. This
was the amount which the Plaintiff had remitted to the Defendant on or about
21 April 2010.

30 As regards the first aggregate sum of AUD$240,000 given in 2006, the
Plaintiff said this was given in cash of AUD$60,000 on four separate
occasions, the first tranche having been handed by the Plaintiff’s wife to the
Defendant and the rest by the Plaintiff himself to the Defendant. In any
event, on the Plaintiff’s case, the first aggregate sum was also for the
Defendant’s studies.

31 Secondly, I was of the view that if the AUD$200,000 (which formed part of
the Sum) was just another example of money which the Plaintiff had in the past
given to the Defendant as Dana, the Plaintiff would not have remitted the
amount to the Defendant’s bank account in Australia. This mode of payment
suggested that it was for the Defendant’s use in Australia.

32 Thirdly, the currency of payment also suggested that it was for a specific
purpose of the Defendant in Australia. Although the Defendant suggested that
in the past the Plaintiff had given him cash in various currencies as Dana,
the Plaintiff did not agree. The Plaintiff testified that the Defendant had
requested specifically for the Sum to be given in Australian dollars and that
he would have given the Sum in Singapore dollars if it was not for the
Purpose. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

NE 28/11/17 p 33

It seemed logical to me that the currency of any money given would correspond
to the country of its intended use.

33 Accordingly, I found that the Sum was given to the Defendant for the
Purpose and not because of his prayers or advice.

Issue 3: Was the Defendant under an obligation to repay the Sum if he did not
use it for the Purpose?

Was there an express term for repayment?

34 The SOC alleged a collateral agreement that the Defendant was to repay the
Sum to the Plaintiff if the Defendant did not use the Sum for the Purpose.
However, the Plaintiff’s closing submissions appeared to suggest (at para 23)
that the Defendant’s express agreement to repay the Sum was part of the oral
agreement in which the Plaintiff agreed to give the Sum for the Purpose, and
not part of a collateral agreement.

35 In any event, the Plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) was
devoid of any evidence about any such express agreement by the Defendant,
whether or not it was contained in a collateral agreement or under the same
agreement in which the Plaintiff agreed to the Defendant’s request for the
Sum. Likewise, the Plaintiff’s oral evidence was lacking in evidence about any
such express agreement.

36 In my view, there was no express agreement by the Defendant to repay the
Sum. The question of repayment was simply never discussed. This was not
surprising as the parties were on close terms then and the Plaintiff did
intend to give the Sum to the Defendant, although it was meant for the
Purpose.

Was there an implied term for repayment?

37 The issue of an implied term was not elaborated in the Plaintiff’s SOC or
his AEIC. The Plaintiff’s closing submissions simply mentioned (at para 23)
that it was also “a term” that the Sum was to be repaid if not used for the
Purpose. There was no mention of an implied term in that paragraph and no
elaboration as to how the implied term came about.

38 In the circumstances, I found that there was no implied term as alleged by
the Plaintiff.

39 I was also of the view that bearing in mind the close relationship and the
nature of the relationship between the parties in 2010, there was no intention
to create any legal relationship between the two. Both would have been
horrified if it had been suggested then that they were thinking of a binding
legal agreement between them in respect of the Sum.

Did the Defendant hold the Sum on constructive trust for the Plaintiff?

40 As for the Plaintiff’s claim for a constructive trust, the main question
was whether parties had intended the Defendant to be free to use the Sum as he
wished even though it was handed or sent to the Defendant for the Purpose.

41 It was the Plaintiff’s case that the Defendant had informed him in 2010
that the Sum was required for the doctoral degree to be undertaken over four
years. Yet, it was common ground that the Defendant was requested to and did
come back to Singapore in 2011 to assist in MBM’s fund-raising efforts. The
Plaintiff was one of the persons who made the request. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NE 28/11/17 p 50

42 While the Defendant did travel occasionally out of Singapore thereafter,
the Plaintiff must have known in 2011, when the Defendant came back to
Singapore to assist in MBM’s fund-raising efforts, that the Defendant was not
pursuing his doctoral degree in Australia. The Plaintiff said that it did not
cross his mind to ask the Defendant about the doctoral degree as he was busy
with the fund-raising efforts of MBM. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE 27/11/17 p 28

I doubt that this was the case.

43 I was of the view that the real reason why the Plaintiff did not ask the
Defendant about his pursuit of the intended doctoral degree was that the
Plaintiff already knew that the Defendant had decided not to pursue it as the
Defendant had returned to Singapore. At that time, they still maintained a
close relationship.

44 The relationship between the parties only deteriorated in the later part of
2014 for reasons which I need not elaborate on. On 5 May 2015, the Plaintiff
commenced an action against the Defendant in HC/Suit No 436 of 2015 for
defamation (“the 2015 defamation action”).

45 The Plaintiff also said in oral evidence that in 2015, some members of MBM
had informed him that the Defendant had used the Sum to purchase properties in
Australia. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE 27/11/17 p 33

In his AEIC, he said (at para 21) that in June 2015, a member of MBM told him
that the Defendant had bought properties in Sydney, Australia. He also alleged
that on 17 June 2015, he made a search at the Land Registry in New South
Wales, Australia and obtained details of the properties which the Defendant
had bought. In oral evidence, he clarified that the search was done by someone
else for him.

46 Therefore, according to the Plaintiff’s own evidence, he knew or believed
by June 2015, at the latest, that the Defendant did not use the Sum to pursue
his doctoral degree as he was told that the Defendant had used the Sum instead
to purchase properties in Sydney, Australia, and he verified the fact of the
purchases through a search. Yet, the Plaintiff did not ask the Defendant to
return the Sum to him at that point in time.

47 The question of the use of the Sum appears to have been raised by the
Plaintiff for the first time at a Management Committee meeting of MBM on 3
November 2015. As mentioned above, the relationship between the Plaintiff and
the Defendant had deteriorated by late 2014 for other reasons, to the point
that the Plaintiff had commenced the 2015 defamation action on 5 May 2015.

48 By the date of that meeting, the Defendant had been back in Singapore for
around four years to assist in MBM’s fund-raising efforts. According to the
minutes of that meeting, the Plaintiff complained that the Defendant did not
explain where the Sum had gone to and neither did he pursue his doctoral
degree. Crucially, the Plaintiff was recorded to have complained that the
Defendant did not donate the Sum to MBM’s rebuilding fund even though MBM was
in need of money. This was telling as it suggested that it was for the
Defendant to decide whether to donate the Sum to the fund and not that he was
obliged to return it to the Plaintiff. When confronted with this during his
oral testimony, the Plaintiff said that he did not vet the minutes, but that
he did in fact demand the return of the Sum to himself at that meeting. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NE 28/11/17 p 7

That assertion was not put to the Defendant in cross-examination. Furthermore,
the Plaintiff relied on the accuracy of the meeting minutes to show that the
Defendant did not contest the quantum of the Sum at the meeting. It did not
behove him to assert the accuracy of the minutes when it suited him, and then
question the accuracy of the same minutes when they suggested that the
Defendant had the discretion to decide whether to donate the Sum to the
rebuilding fund.

49 Furthermore, in an AEIC which the Plaintiff affirmed on 22 February 2016
for the 2015 defamation action, he said at para 18 that, “the Defendant not
only deemed it fit not to account to me for the unused monies but also did not
re-direct it to the MBM Re-Construction Fund”. While the former statement
about accounting to the Plaintiff suggested that the Sum still belonged to the
Plaintiff, if not used for the Purpose, the latter statement suggested that it
was for the Defendant to decide whether to use the money for MBM’s rebuilding
fund. This ambiguity suggested that it was still not clear, even in the
Plaintiff’s own mind at the time he affirmed that AEIC, that the Sum was to be
returned to him if it was not used for the Purpose.

50 I add that the Plaintiff gave inconsistent evidence as to when he first
learned that the Defendant was not pursuing the doctoral degree. As mentioned
above, there was evidence from him that he knew this at the latest by June
2015. Yet, during cross-examination, he said that he did not know this even at
the Management Committee meeting of 3 November 2015. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE 28/11/17 pp 21–22

51 In his re-examination, the Plaintiff said that he could not re-call when he
first realised that the Defendant was not pursuing the doctoral degree. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE 28/11/17 p 57

52 It seemed to me that if the Sum was to be repaid to the Plaintiff if not
used for the Purpose, the Plaintiff would have been more consistent in his
evidence as to when he first learned that the Plaintiff had not pursued the
doctoral degree. His inconsistent or vague evidence about this point was not
due to a lapse of memory but because the Defendant was free to use the Sum as
he wished, and there was no expectation on the Plaintiff’s part for it to be
returned to him. While one might say that the Plaintiff had expected the
Defendant to use the Sum for the Purpose, this still did not address the point
that he knew for some time that the Defendant was not pursuing the doctoral
degree, and yet did not ask for the return of the Sum until later.

53 There was no demand by the Plaintiff for the return of the Sum until the
letter of demand from the Plaintiff’s lawyers dated 5 May 2016, about another
six months later after the first time he mentioned it at the meeting of 3
November 2015.

54 In the circumstances, as the Sum was at the free disposal of the Defendant,
there was no constructive trust and the Plaintiff’s claim for breach of trust
also fails.

55 The Plaintiff did not plead fraud, misrepresentation or unjust enrichment.

Conclusion

56 In the circumstances, I dismissed the Plaintiff’s action. Having regard to
the fact that the Defendant did receive the Sum and also made a profit from
the use of the Sum to purchase properties, I ordered the Plaintiff to pay only
the disbursements of the action to the Defendant.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Dr William Koh Hai Keong (Koh & Partners) for the plaintiff;  
Joseph Liow Wang Wu, Charlene Cheam and Celine Liow Wan Ting (Straits Law
Practice LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

