Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE courtS of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGHCF 3

HCF/District Court Appeal No 55 of 2017  
(HCF/Summonses No 377 of 2017, 24 and 26 of 2018)

Between

UDS

… Appellant

And

UDR

… Respondent

In the Matter of Divorce Suit No 4404 of 2013

Between

UDR

… Plaintiff

And

UDS

… Defendant

Judgment

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

[Family Law] — [Maintenance] — [Child]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UDS

  

v

  

UDR

[2018] SGHCF 3

High Court — HCF/District Court of Appeal No 55 of 2017 and HCF/Summonses No
377 of 2017, 24 and 26 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
22 and 29 January 2018

31 January 2018 Judgment reserved

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties were married for 13 years before their marriage broke down in
2013. The appellant is 45 years old and was last employed as a director of a
technology company during the marriage. He is now a freelance consultant. The
respondent is 37 years old and was primarily a homemaker during the marriage.
She now works as a consultant. The parties have two sons, one aged 10 and
another aged 14.

2 The appellant raises four issues on appeal. First, that the court below
erred in finding the ratio of indirect contributions to be 70:30 in favour of
the respondent. Second, that the court below erred in giving the respondent a
5.5% uplift in the division of matrimonial assets, in the light of an adverse
inference drawn against the appellant. Third, that the court below erred in
not taking into account the needs of the children in the division of
matrimonial assets. Fourth, and as an alternative to the third submission,
that the court below erred in not ordering the respondent to provide
maintenance for the children.

3 The court below found that the ratio of indirect contributions was 70:30 in
favour of the respondent for the following reasons. First, the appellant, as
the sole breadwinner, had enabled the family to live comfortably. Second, the
respondent made many sacrifices in her career to care for the children and
manage the home, which in turn allowed the appellant to work and maintain an
active social life. Third, although the appellant had been caring for the
children since the respondent left the matrimonial home in 2013, it was the
hostile environment created by the appellant which drove the respondent to
leave. The respondent claimed that after she confronted the appellant about
his infidelity he began to treat her badly and turn the children against her.

4 The decision of the court below on the indirect contributions of the
respondent, given the overall circumstances, is slightly on the high side.
However, the ratio awarded is not so high as to warrant variation by this
court. Nevertheless, it has a bearing on the third and fourth submissions, as
will be elaborated on below.

5 As to the second submission, the court below drew an adverse inference
against the appellant on account of his deliberate concealment of the sale
proceeds of the matrimonial property. The property was sold for a net profit
of about $1.37m, of which $1.2m was transferred by the appellant into a joint
account with his father, without the knowledge of the respondent. Over the
course of about a year and a half the appellant made several large
withdrawals; some to the extent of $300,000. The appellant claimed that these
sums were used to repay loans from his father, and as loans to friends and
family associates. Despite his claims, the appellant was unable to account for
$81,000 of the $1.2m. The court below thus drew an adverse inference against
the appellant, and awarded the respondent a 5.5% uplift. The average ratio for
division of the matrimonial assets was thus adjusted from 63.5:36.5 in favour
of the appellant, to 58:42 in favour of the appellant.

6 Counsel for the appellant submitted that the court should have given effect
to the adverse inference by notionally adding the $81,000 to the matrimonial
pool, instead of by giving the respondent an uplift. I agree. Adverse
inferences are meant to fill in gaps caused by non-disclosure. In the present
case, there is no gap concerning the value of the non-disclosed asset. It is
thus not necessary for the court to speculate on the value of the non-
disclosed asset by awarding an uplift. Instead, all that is required to give
effect to the adverse inference is to notionally add the value of the non-
disclosed asset to the matrimonial pool.

7 On the third and fourth submissions, the court below did not expressly take
into account the children’s needs in the division of matrimonial assets. The
court also did not order the respondent to provide maintenance for the
children, who are under the sole care and control of the appellant. The judge
found that it would be better to do away with regulation by the court, and
instead, for the respondent to spontaneously provide reasonable maintenance
(as she had already been doing) during access sessions. The judge noted that
the appellant was a resourceful man, as evidenced by his gross income of about
$22,580 per month during the marriage.

8 Counsel for the appellant submitted that the order for no maintenance is
contrary to the principle of joint parental responsibility. Counsel for the
appellant further submitted that the court below, in relying on the
respondent’s expenditures during access sessions, failed to consider the
apportionment of non-day to day expenses, such as education, medical, dental,
and insurance expenses.

9 Counsel for the respondent submitted that the respondent has been
spontaneously providing reasonable maintenance to the best of her ability, to
the extent that she has resorted to taking loans from her mother and friend in
order to provide for the children. Counsel for the respondent further
submitted that the respondent has been giving the children pocket money and
transport fare, in addition to the expenditures during access sessions.

10 I agree with the submissions of the appellant. I do not doubt that the
respondent has been dutifully taking financial responsibility for the
children. However, as noted above, the respondent has been awarded a higher
than usual ratio for her indirect contributions. Further, I take into account
the respondent’s capabilities and resourcefulness. Soon after leaving the
matrimonial home in 2013, the respondent gained employment as a personal
assistant, drawing a salary of $1,800 per month and has since been employed as
a consultant, drawing a salary of $4,800 per month. In the circumstances, it
is fair for the respondent to provide maintenance for the children.

11 Counsel for the appellant submitted that the respondent ought to pay $1,100
per month as maintenance for both of the children. Counsel for the respondent
accepted that a reasonable sum commensurate with the respondent’s income would
be $1,259.16 per month. I thus order the respondent to pay $800 per month as
maintenance for both of the children.

12 In conclusion, the matrimonial pool is to be increased by $81,000, from
$1,590,068.60 to $1,671,068.60. The average ratio of direct contributions to
indirect contributions is to remain at 63.5:36.5 in favour of the appellant.
The appellant is thus to pay the respondent $609,940.04, to be set off against
the $46,484.73 worth of assets in the respondent’s possession. This works out
to $563,455.31. The respondent is to pay $800 per month as maintenance for the
children.

13 That leaves me to deal with the three summonses, one of which was filed by
the appellant, and two by the respondent. The respondent applied in Summons
377 of 2017 —

To adduce fresh evidence to refute the Appellant's Appeal, and to set out
and/or exhibit the relevant information and/or documents that the Respondent
intend [sic] to adduce and/or rely on in this regard

in the appeal before me.

14 The evidence sought to be adduced were mainly banking records which showed
expenses incurred by the respondent. The respondent claimed that she had in
recent months been spending more time with, and hence more money on, the
children. There was no objection by the appellant to this application. I made
no order as to this application since the appellant was not seriously
contesting the claim that the respondent had been spending more time with the
children, and his primary argument is that the appellant should contribute
towards the major expenses. I have dealt with this in paragraphs 8 and 10
above.

15 The appellant filed Summons 24 of 2018 to strike out parts of the
respondent’s counsel’s submissions on appeal. The respondent reacted by filing
Summons 26 of 2018 for leave to file an affidavit stating that her counsel’s
submissions were true. Both applications are wrong and unnecessary and were,
therefore, summarily dismissed. Nothing can be more absurd than to file an
application to strike out a submission – except, perhaps, a counter
application by the counsel whose submission was sought to be struck out. No
one’s time and expense ought to be incurred and wasted for that enterprise
except the lawyers’ own. The proper course of action would have been for
counsel to raise her objection or response in her submissions in reply.

16 Counsel for the appellant is to be released from the entire sum of her
undertaking as to security for costs. I will hear the parties on costs, if
they are unable to agree on costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Gill Carrie Kaur, Yoon Min Joo and Phoebe Sim Shi Hui (Eversheds Harry Elias
LLP) for the appellant;  
Vinit Chhabra (Vinit Chhabra Partnership) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

