Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 129

Suit No 1267 of 2015

Between

ADINOP CO LTD  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

  

And

(1)| ROVITHAI LIMITED  
---|---  
(2)| DSM SINGAPORE INDUSTRIAL PTE LTD  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Contract] — [Breach] — [Confidentiality agreement]

[Equity] — [Obligation of confidentiality]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Adinop Co Ltd

  

v

  

Rovithai Ltd and another

[2018] SGHC 129

High Court — Suit No 1267 of 2015  
George Wei J  
18–22 September 2017; 6 November 2017

30 May 2018 Judgment reserved.

George Wei J:

Introduction

1 This is an action brought by the plaintiff, Adinop Co Ltd (“the Plaintiff”),
for breach of confidence by the defendants, Rovithai Limited (“the 1st
Defendant”) and DSM Singapore Industrial Pte Ltd (“the 2nd Defendant”)
(collectively, “the Defendants”).

2 For more than 20 years, the Plaintiff was the distributor of ingredient
products manufactured by the 1st Defendant. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“SOC 2”), para 4; Defence (Amendment No
2) (“Defence 2”), para 5.

During this time, the parties exchanged a substantial amount of information
regarding customers who purchased the Defendants’ ingredient products through
the Plaintiff. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC 2, pp 6–16.

Following the termination of the distributorship arrangement in 2014, the 1st
Defendant issued a notice (“the Notice”) to a number of key customers to
inform them of the change in distributorship, setting out its own contact
details as well as those of its new distributor. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC 2, paras 32–34; Defence 2, paras 24–26.

3 The Plaintiff essentially contends that the post-termination conduct of the
Defendants amounted to a misuse of confidential information that the Plaintiff
had given to the Defendants during the course of their business relationship.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”), para 1.

The Defendants deny that the customer information was confidential, and
further argue that their post-termination conduct did not amount to
unauthorised use of such information. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

See Defendants’ Closing Submissions (“DCS”), pp 50, 69 and 76 generally.

Having considered the parties’ evidence and submissions, I now deliver my
judgment.

Background

The parties

4 The Plaintiff is a company incorporated in Thailand. It is in the business
of importing, distributing and manufacturing food, cosmetic and pharmaceutical
ingredients. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC 2, para 2; Defence 2, para 3.

5 The 1st Defendant is also a company incorporated in Thailand, and is in the
business of importing and selling ingredients for food products, cosmetics and
the manufacturing of animal feed ingredients. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC 2, para 3; Defence 2, para 4.

6 The 2nd Defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore and is in the
business of, inter alia, wholesale supply of chemical products, savoury
ingredients and polyethylene materials. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC 2, para 5; Defence 2, para 6.

7 The Defendants are part of the DSM Group of companies, a multi-national
group active in research, development, manufacture and sale of ingredients for
feed, food, pharmaceutics and cosmetics. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC 2, para 6; Defence 2, para 7.

Events leading up to the present action

8 The Plaintiff and the Defendants (in particular, the 1st Defendant) had a
business relationship going back over 20 years to the 1990s, where the
Plaintiff acted as a distributor of certain DSM ingredient products in
Thailand. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC 2, para 4; Defence 2, para 5.

These DSM ingredient products were acquired by the Plaintiff through periodic
bulk purchase orders placed with the 1st Defendant, and were in turn sourced
from the 2nd Defendant. The Plaintiff then sold these products onwards to
food, beverage and nutritional product (“FB&N”) manufacturers in Thailand for
use in production of a variety of products such as sauces, health drinks and
noodles, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

2AB, p 855 et seq.

at a mark-up determined by the Plaintiff. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PCS, para 21 (citing notes of evidence (“NOE”) of 22 September 2017, pp 64–65
and 71).

The Defendants set annual sales targets premised on the total value and
quantity of purchase orders placed with the 1st Defendant, the total number of
the Plaintiff’s customers, and the number of planned projects. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PCS, para 21 (citing notes of evidence (“NOE”) of 22 September 2017, pp 64–65
and 71).

9 The DSM ingredient products distributed by the Plaintiff were often in the
form of standard single-component ingredients (for example, vitamins, food
colouring and functional ingredients such as fish oils) 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) of Ms Chaitharatip, pp 4, 214–215; NOE
of 20 September 2017, p 39.

and premixes often used in the manufacture of a wide variety of FB&N products.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NOE of 22 September 2017, pp 102–103.

Many Thai FB&N customers were only interested in using standard DSM
ingredients (whether single ingredient products or standard premixes), whilst
others required the production and supply of bespoke or customised premixed
ingredients for their products. In some cases, the development of bespoke
premixes required the assistance and help of “experts” or food technologists.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

See NOE of 18 September 2017, pp 56–59.

Whilst the Plaintiff claimed to have a research and development (“R&D”)
department, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NOE of 18 September 2017, p 44.

the evidence on the scale of these activities is rather thin. On the whole, it
appears more likely that the development of bespoke premixes for Thai FB&N
customers frequently involved the help of the 2nd Defendant. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

See NOE of 18 September 2017, p 59.

This is an area of evidence that I shall return to later.

10 The FB&N products/ingredients market in Thailand appears to be highly
competitive. In particular, there are many Thai FB&N suppliers of FB&N
ingredients (such as the Plaintiff) to Thai FB&N customers. In addition, there
are different producers, developers and manufacturers of FB&N ingredients such
as the Defendants and the DSM Group. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

See NOE of 21 September 2017, p 21.

11 It is clear that the Plaintiff and Defendants had a joint interest to
facilitate the penetration of the Thai market by DSM ingredients. The
Plaintiff, as a Thai company, was directly concerned with finding, maintaining
and developing relationships with Thai FB&N customers. The Defendants, on the
other hand, were naturally concerned and interested in the development of the
Plaintiff’s customer base for DSM ingredients. The Defendants participated at
FB&N ingredient exhibitions in Thailand together with the Plaintiff as part of
efforts to attract customers for DSM ingredients. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NOE of 22 September 2017, p 110.

The Defendants also required the Plaintiff to produce regular quarterly
reports on the sales performance of DSM ingredients, problems or difficulties
that had been encountered, and efforts made to expand the customer base for
DSM ingredients. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOC 2, para 17A; Defence 2, para 12A.

12 On 22 October 2013, more than a decade after the commencement of the
business relationship, the parties entered into a confidentiality agreement
(“the Confidentiality Agreement”). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOC 2, para 7; Defence 2, para 8.

I will describe the relevant provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement in
greater detail later.

13 On 10 June 2014, the 1st Defendant notified the Plaintiff of its intention
to terminate the distribution arrangement. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOC 2, para 30; Defence 2, para 24.

Thereafter, the Defendants made alternative arrangements to supply DSM
ingredients to Thai FB&N manufacturers using DSM ingredients in their
products.

The present action and the parties’ cases

14 The Plaintiff brought this action against the Defendants for misuse of
confidential information provided by or obtained from the Plaintiff under or
in connection with the distributorship arrangement between the parties. To
this end, the Plaintiff relies on the Confidentiality Agreement. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOC 2, para 7.

It also asserts and relies on confidentiality obligations arising in common
law or equity. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOC 2, para 37.

15 The information said to be confidential and to have been misused by the
Defendants includes: (a) the list of the Plaintiff’s key Thai FB&N customers
for DSM ingredients (“the Key Customers List”) that was provided to the 1st
Defendant on 9 May 2014, shortly before the termination of the distributorship
arrangement; and (b) a list of ongoing projects for the Defendants, which was
provided to the 1st Defendant on 4 April 2014 (“the Ongoing Projects List”).
26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PCS, para 2.

I will generally refer to the customer information shared by the Plaintiff
with the Defendants as “the Customer Information”. The Plaintiff essentially
alleges that the Defendants used the Customer Information to contact Thai FB&N
customers to purchase DSM FB&N ingredients, thereby causing loss to the
Plaintiff. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOC 2, paras 34–37.

The Defendants deny any misuse or breach of any confidentiality obligation. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defence 2, paras 26–27.

16 Shortly before the trial commenced, the Plaintiff applied to amend their
statement of claim, inter alia, to make clear that the claim against the
Defendants was for breach of the contractual obligations of confidentiality
set out in the Confidentiality Agreement, as well as for breach of obligations
of confidence arising outside of the Confidentiality Agreement under common
law and/or equity. The key amendment was to add the phrase “and/or their duty
of confidence” each time the Defendants’ breach of the Confidentiality
Agreement was pleaded. These amendments essentially concerned the prayers for
relief at the end of the original statement of claim. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Summons No 3744 of 2017 (“SUM 3744”).

17 The Defendants objected to the proposed amendment on the basis that a new
cause of action (breach of an equitable obligation of confidence) was being
added shortly before trial, and also because the proper forum for the action
for misuse of confidential information outside of the Confidentiality
Agreement (for example, in equity) had not been established to be that of
Singapore law. The Defendants contended it had not been established that
Singapore was the proper forum for a claim based in tort or equity as opposed
to the Confidentiality Agreement. After hearing counsel, this Court allowed
the proposed amendments to the statement of claim. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Minute sheet of hearing on 30 August 2017 in respect of SUM 3744.

Given that the existing statement of claim had already pleaded breach of
confidence at common law and in equity 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOC 1, para 37.

and the fact that the Defendants had never objected to the action for breach
of confidence being heard in Singapore, this Court allowed the proposed
amendments. Whether or not the Court would need to apply or consider Thai law
when determining liability outside of the Confidentiality Agreement was
something to be addressed at the trial itself. That said, for reasons which
will become clear, nothing turns on the amendment. Indeed, no issue arose at
trial on Thai law and breach of confidence outside of the Confidentiality
Agreement.

18 Under the amended statement of claim dated 31 August 2017 (“SOC 2”), the
Plaintiff, after setting out the obligations of confidentiality under the
Confidentiality Agreement and/or common law and equity, as well as the nature
of the confidential information disclosed to the Defendants, pleads the
specific breach alleged against the Defendants in SOC 2. The core complaint
set out in SOC 2 was that on 1 July 2014, despite the Plaintiff’s contention
that the termination of the distributorship arrangement had not yet been
resolved, the 1st Defendant issued the Notice to the Plaintiff’s customers
informing them of the change of distributorship and providing its contact
details. The Plaintiff asserts that the Defendants were only able to contact
the Plaintiff’s customers as quickly and easily as they do because of the
confidential Customer Information that had been disclosed to them. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOC 2, paras 32–35.

19 The Plaintiff further pleads that but for the Customer Information, the
Defendants would have had to expend significant time and effort to obtain
contact details of the customers, establishing a contact point and building
the relationship with these customers and developing projects involving DSM
nutritional products with these customers in order to sell DSM nutritional
products to them. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOC 2, para 36.

20 It follows that the unauthorised use complained of is directed at the
Notice that was sent to the Thai FB&N producers who were customers for DSM
ingredients obtained from the Plaintiff. The downstream consequence of the
Notice as alleged was that the Defendants managed to effect the change of
distributorship much more quickly and easily than would otherwise have been
the case.

21 I note that the Plaintiff also complains that the Defendants’ termination
of the distributorship arrangement was abrupt. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOC 2, para 30.

The present action, however, does not concern any alleged termination breach
in that the claim is not for wrongful termination as such. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement, p 6, fn 15.

Instead, this action is solely concerned with the allegations over misuse of
confidential information post-termination. Nevertheless, it will be necessary
to refer to the events leading up to the termination as well as the
consequences of the termination of the distribution arrangement in order to
reach a decision on the complaint of misuse of confidential information.

Issues

22 The core issues before the Court can be summarised by reference to the
following questions:

(a) Does the Customer Information qualify as confidential information by
reference to the Confidentiality Agreement and/or common law and equity, and
the purpose for which it was supplied to the 1st Defendant?

(b) If so, did the 1st Defendant and/or the 2nd Defendant misuse the
confidential information in the Key Customers List or any other Customer
Information after the termination of the distributorship arrangement?

(c) If so, is there any basis for finding the 2nd Defendant liable for the
misuse of confidential information by the 1st Defendant?

(d) If (b) and/or (c) is answered in the affirmative, bearing in mind that the
trial has been bifurcated, has the Plaintiff established any detriment arising
from any breach (misuse of confidential information)?

23 I pause to underscore that the Plaintiff is not claiming any right to
prevent the Defendants selling DSM products/ingredients in the Thai market
whether directly by the 1st Defendant or through another Thai FB&N ingredient
supplier/dealer. The Plaintiff’s position is that the Defendants should not
use any confidential information towards that end. The Plaintiff’s complaint,
at its heart, is that the Defendants were able to reach out to Thai FB&N
producers/customers who were using DSM ingredients sourced through the
Plaintiff, far more quickly than it would otherwise have been able to do so,
because of the use of the Customer Information provided to the 1st Defendant.

The evidence at trial

The witnesses

24 The sole witness for the Plaintiff was Ms Siriporn Chaitharatip. She joined
the Plaintiff in August 2012 as a product advisor with a degree in food
technology. This was her first job after graduation. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AEIC of Ms Chaitharatip, para 8; NOE of 18 September 2017, p 53.

In 2014, Ms Chaitharatip was promoted to the position of a product supervisor
dealing with nutritional and health product ingredients. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AEIC of Ms Chaitharatip, para 8.

Ms Chaitharatip’s responsibility was to provide technical advice to customers.
38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NOE of 18 September 2017, p 39.

It is not disputed that she is not part of the sales or marketing team, but it
is apparent that she did on occasions provide support to and accompany members
of the sales team on visits to customers and so forth. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NOE of 18 September 2017, p 40.

It appears that she also assisted the Plaintiff’s participation at FB&N
ingredient exhibitions held in Thailand. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NOE of 18 September 2017, p 53.

25 Ms Chaitharatip was a relatively new employee at the time when the key
events such as the termination of the distributorship arrangement between the
Plaintiff and 1st Defendant occurred. Whilst she discussed matters from time
to time with Dr Nont Akepanyaskul, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NOE of 20 September 2017, p 89.

the present Managing Director and son of the founder of the Plaintiff, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

See NOE of 18 September 2017, pp 67 and 82; NOE of 19 September 2017, p 16;
AEIC of Ms Chaitharatip, p 212.

it is clear that her direct knowledge of the history and details of the
relationship between the Plaintiff’s management and dealings with the
Defendants was somewhat limited. That said, Ms Chaitharatip did assist in
preparing material (such as reports and presentation slides) for use at some
of the quarterly meetings between the Plaintiff’s management and the
Defendants between 2012 and 2014. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

See NOE of 20 September 2017, p 26; AEIC of Ms Chaitharatip, para 36.

26 Two witnesses testified for the Defendants. The first was Mr Robert Gordon
Harcourt Redman who joined the 1st Defendant in 2002 as its General Manager, a
position which he still held at the time of the hearing. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AEIC of Mr Redman, para 1; see also NOE of 21 September 2017, p 35.

Mr Redman is also a director of the 1st Defendant. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AEIC of Mr Redman, para 4.

As the General Manager of the 1st Defendant, Mr Redman was responsible for the
running of the office premises although he did not handle the day-to-day
operations of the 1st Defendant’s individual business units. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NOE of 21 September 2017, p 35.

He also oversaw the animal feed ingredient sector of the 1st Defendant’s
business, which was his area of product specialty. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NOE of 22 September 2017, p 41; NOE of 21 September 2017, p 19.

Mr Redman did not handle personal care product ingredients or the food and
nutritional sector of 1st Defendant’s business. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

See NOE of 22 September 2017, p 74.

27 The principal employee responsible for the FB&N ingredient line of business
of the 1st Defendant, including dealings with the Plaintiff, was Ms Sawarsporn
“Jean” Jaklerdchai. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See AEIC of Mr Redman, paras 9-10; NOE of 19 September 2017, p 9.

Ms Jaklerdchai reported to Mr Redman as well as to the 2nd Defendant’s
management. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AEIC of Mr Redman, para 9; NOE of 21 September 2017, p 19.

Mr Redman reported to the 2nd Defendant’s head or manager of the Animal
Nutrition and Health Division. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NOE of 21 September 2017, p 19.

Unfortunately, Ms Jaklerdchai had left the 1st Defendant sometime towards the
end of 2014 and she could not be contacted to give evidence. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NOE of 21 September 2017, pp 25–26.

Mr Redman’s belief was that she had left Thailand. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AEIC of Mr Redman at paras 9–10; NOE of 21 September 2017, pp 25–26.

Attempts were made by the 1st Defendant to retrieve documents from Ms
Jaklerdchai’s computer, but there were difficulties because the 1st Defendant
had changed its computer and record system during the course of which some
records were lost or could no longer be retrieved. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DCS, para 21; NOE of 22 September 2017, pp 33–34.

28 The second witness for the Defendants was Mr Pieter Nuboer, a director and
Vice-President (Human Nutrition and Health Products) of the 2nd Defendant. He
has held this position since 2009 and his responsibility is to oversee the
operations of the DSM Group within the Asia Pacific region in so far as they
concerned DSM-manufactured human nutrition and health products. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AEIC of Mr Nuboer, paras 1–2.

29 I pause to make the general observation that the oral evidence from both
sides “suffered” from the fact that witnesses with more detailed and direct
knowledge of the events and relationship between the Plaintiff and the 1st
Defendant did not give evidence. The Plaintiff did not call evidence from the
sales staff handling FB&N product ingredients. Instead, they relied on Ms
Chaitharatip for evidence as to how the Plaintiff developed, maintained and
serviced its Thai F&B customers for these ingredients. Dr Nont, who was
actively involved in the Plaintiff’s business and dealings with the 1st
Defendant (often through Ms Jaklerdchai), also did not give evidence. On the
other hand, the Defendants did not call sales staff who were directly involved
in developing the 1st Defendant’s business in FB&N ingredient products in
general and with the Plaintiff, in particular. Unfortunately, the key staff
members at that time, such as Ms Jaklerdchai, were no longer employed by the
Defendants. I shall return to this point below when evaluating the evidence in
greater detail.

Documentary material

30 Apart from the witnesses’ testimony, the evidence at trial included
documentary material such as the Confidentiality Agreement; standard terms and
conditions for the orders placed by the Plaintiff with the 1st Defendant for
DSM ingredients; e-mails and communications between the Plaintiff and the
Defendants; minutes of meetings reporting on and discussing quarterly
performance of the Plaintiff; and documents and material such as Powerpoint
slides presented at the meetings. In addition, invoices or orders placed by
Thai FB&N customers directly with the 1st Defendant prior to the termination
were also placed before the Court. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defendants’ supplemental bundle (“DSB”), generally.

I will discuss some of the key documents in greater detail here.

The distributorship arrangement

31 There was no formal over-arching distributorship agreement signed by the
Plaintiff with either the 1st Defendant or the 2nd Defendant. Instead, what
was in evidence was a letter dated 31 January 2005 from the 1st Defendant to
the Plaintiff confirming that the Plaintiff “is our appointed distributor for
DSM Nutritional Products in Thailand” and that the Plaintiff “can [sell] all
DSM products which are under [the DSM Nutritional Products] department to his
target customers throughout this kingdom.” 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents vol 1 (“1AB”, other volumes denoted “xAB”
accordingly), p 37; AEIC of Ms Chaitharatip, para 7.

The only documentary evidence relating to the orders placed by the Plaintiff
with the 1st Defendant under the distributorship arrangement consisted of some
purchase orders and invoices as well as the 1st Defendant’s general terms and
conditions. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

1AB, p 2, pp 520 and 532–534.

These terms and conditions will be discussed in greater detail later.

32 I pause to note that the Plaintiff first became a distributor for the 1st
Defendant in the 1990s. At that time, the 1st Defendant was part of the Roche
Group of companies. According to Ms Chaitharatip, the Plaintiff was the “sole
distributor” for the 1st Defendant. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AEIC of Ms Chaitharatip, para 6.

Sometime in 2003, the DSM Group of companies took over Roche Group’s health
and nutrition ingredients business. The 1st Defendant then became a part of
the DSM Group. The Plaintiff continued to distribute DSM products in Thailand
and the distributorship arrangement was confirmed by the letter dated 31 July
2005.

33 In these circumstances, I make the observation that there is some vagueness
or lack of clarity on the core terms that governed the distributorship
arrangement between the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant such as whether the
Plaintiff was an exclusive distributor (and, if so, what exclusive distributor
meant); reporting obligations; duties imposed on the Plaintiff to develop the
Thai market; duties imposed on the 1st Defendant to assist the Plaintiff; and
termination provisions including notice periods, rights of parties post-
termination and so on.

34 Take, for example, the basic question of whether the Plaintiff was
appointed as an exclusive or sole distributor and in respect of what range of
DSM products. Whilst the Plaintiff takes the view that it was appointed as the
exclusive distributor, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PCS, para 18.

it appears that this was not, in fact, the case. At the very least, it is
unclear what is meant by “exclusive distributor” in this context. It is
evident that the Defendants from time to time made decisions on which DSM
products would be made available to any given appointed distributor for a
given market. For example, the Plaintiff was in earlier years also a
distributor for DSM personal care products in Thailand. As will be seen,
towards the end of 2010, the decision was made to transfer that product range
to another Thai distributor. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NOE of 18 September 2017, pp 66–67.

Further, even within the FB&N range of products/ingredients, different
distributors could be appointed for different DSM FB&N products/ingredients.
62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NOE of 18 September 2017, pp 83–84.

Whilst Ms Chaitharatip expressed the view that the 1st Defendant was not
permitted to appoint or supply another distributor for the same DSM product it
was supplying to the Plaintiff, it is far from clear what the basis for this
view was. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DCS, para 51–55, quoting NOE of 18 September 2017, pp 84–86.

It appeared that the Plaintiff was the “exclusive distributor” for DSM
products only in the sense that it would not sell or distribute ingredients
produced by another manufacturer which were the same as those that were
supplied by the 1st Defendant. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PCS, para 18; NOE of 18 September 2017, p 47.

35 Although there is a lack of documentation on the terms of the
distributorship arrangement, it is clear that the Defendants did impose annual
quota targets to be met and that there were regular meetings to assess the
Plaintiff’s performance, to review problems in the market and to generally
discuss new product lines. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DCS, para 29, citing SOC 2, para 17A.

The parties do not dispute the fact that regular quarterly meetings, at the
request of the 1st Defendant, were held for many years prior to 2014. The
Plaintiff indeed pleads in SOC 2 that “[t]he quarterly reports are intended to
update the 1st and/or 2nd Defendants on the Plaintiff’s sales of DSM
nutritional products in furtherance of the distribution arrangement.” 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

SOC 2, para 17A(a).

It is further stated that the reports “would include the identity of the
Plaintiff’s customers, the respective DSM nutritional products which are
purchased by the Plaintiff’s customers and in some cases the customers’
products which the purchased DSM nutritional products are intended to be
applied to.” 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

SOC 2, para 17A(c).

36 The quarterly reports were presented and discussed at meetings between the
staff of the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant. Prior to the parties entering into
the Confidentiality Agreement in 2013, it seems that the papers or materials
presented at the quarterly meetings were not usually stamped or marked as
confidential. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

See 3AB, p 1522 et seq.

Unfortunately, the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant were not able to produce
complete records of the quarterly meetings and reports (because of retrieval
issues due to computerisation of records and loss of records, and due to
floods in the Plaintiff’s case). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NOE on 19 September 2017, pp 51–52.

But this does not ultimately matter – the general point the Defendants make is
that long before the Confidentiality Agreement, the Plaintiff had been
supplying the 1st Defendant with information on the Thai market, its customers
and matters relating to or affecting the Plaintiff’s own quarterly
performances. The 1st Defendant accordingly, over the years, became familiar
with many FB&N manufacturers in the Thai market. Not only did they acquire
information at the quarterly meetings, the 1st Defendant (itself a Thai
company) also participated on occasions at ingredient exhibitions or
conferences in Thailand where they met FB&N manufacturers. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DCS, para 30.

37 The 1st Defendant also had direct dealings with some Thai FB&N producers.
71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NOE on 19 September 2017, pp 4–5; 1AB, pp 42–43.

To this end, the 1st Defendant exhibited certain invoices showing that, on
occasion, the 1st Defendant supplied certain DSM products directly to Thai
FB&N producers. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DSB, generally; NOE of 19 September 2017, p 8.

The Plaintiff disputes the authenticity of these invoices. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PCS, para 29.

Indeed, the question arose at trial as to why the exhibited invoices were
dated 2002 when they bore DSM’s new name and its new logo which was launched
only in 2011. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NOE on 21 September 2017, pp 18 and 97–106; NOE on 22 September 2017, pp 8–9.

I am, however, satisfied with Mr Redman’s explanation that the invoices were
stored electronically, and the headers on these invoices were automatically
replaced by its “SAP system” or software after DSM’s change in name and logo,
to reflect the changes. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NOE on 22 September 2017, pp 9–10.

38 I note again that the Plaintiff is not suing the 1st Defendant for breach
of the distributorship agreement through wrongful termination in the present
action. It appears that the Plaintiff’s position is that any question of
breach and wrongful termination by the 1st Defendant is a matter best
litigated in Thailand. For this reason, I shall not examine in detail the
contractual position of the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant under the
distributorship arrangement unless the point is necessary to decide an issue
concerning the allegation of misuse of confidential information.

39 The position under the Confidentiality Agreement is different from the
distributorship arrangement in that the Confidentiality Agreement was a formal
written agreement between the parties. There is also an express choice of law
clause in the Confidentiality Agreement for Singapore law to apply, as well as
an exclusive jurisdiction clause (in favour of Singapore). 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

1AB, pp 38–40.

40 The Plaintiff’s position is that over the course of the parties’ long
business relationship, many items of confidential information had been
disclosed to the Defendants, such as the identities of the Plaintiff’s Thai
FB&N customers, identities of new or prospective customers, performance
figures, bespoke mixes, and quantities ordered by particular Thai FB&N
customers. Whilst many of these items were disclosed or arose prior to the
Confidentiality Agreement, the Plaintiff argues that these items are
nonetheless covered by an obligation of confidentiality under the
distributorship arrangement. Hence, even if these items fell outside of the
scope of the Confidentiality Agreement, the Plaintiff claimed to be entitled
to rely on implied or equitable obligations of confidentiality.

The Confidentiality Agreement

41 I shall set out a brief overview of the provisions in the Confidentiality
Agreement. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

See 1AB, pp 38–40.

Its preamble states that the Defendants and the Plaintiff were willing to
disclose to each other confidential information for the purposes of the
“distribution arrangement” between them. In the case of the Defendants, the
confidential information concerned “certain proprietary information relating
to its products”. In the case of the Plaintiff, the confidential information
was defined as “certain proprietary information relating to its business”.

42 The Confidentiality Agreement applies to confidential information in
“written, oral and/or visual form”. If the information is oral or visual, the
confidential information would fall under the Confidentiality Agreement if
reduced to writing, marked confidential and sent to the receiving party. The
Confidentiality Agreement expressly excludes confidential information which,
inter alia, at the time of disclosure is in the public domain; which becomes
part of the public domain after disclosure other than through breach by the
receiving party; or which is developed by the receiving party independently
from the confidential information received.

43 Duties imposed on the receiving party include the obligation to keep the
confidential information confidential, as well as a duty not to use the
confidential information for any other purpose.

44 Clause 8 of the Confidentiality Agreement deals with the duration of the
agreement. It provides that “[t]his Agreement shall enter into force on 1st
June 2013 and shall remain in force until 30th June 2014, unless extended by
the Parties in writing.” Parties were permitted to terminate earlier by giving
written notice at any time. No notice period is specified, but cl 8 goes on to
state that “[t]he confidentiality and non-use obligations of the receiving
Party shall survive termination or expiration of the Agreement for five (5)
years.”

45 Clause 9 provides that the Confidentiality Agreement sets out the entire
agreement between the parties as to “the subject matter hereof.” The subject
matter of the Confidentiality Agreement is the disclosure of confidential
information by the parties to each other for the purposes of the distribution
arrangement. Clauses 10 and 11 set out the Singapore choice of law clause as
well as the Singapore exclusive jurisdiction clause.

46 The circumstances under which the Confidentiality Agreement was entered
into was the subject of considerable cross-examination. Neither Dr Nont nor Ms
Jaklerdchai gave evidence on what had transpired, but what is clear based on
the documentary evidence (e-mails between Dr Nont and the Defendants) 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

1 AB, p 541.

and the evidence of Mr Nuboer 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

AEIC of Mr Nuboer, para 5.

is that it was the 2nd Defendant who had taken the initiative to require a
confidentiality agreement between the parties.

47 It is clear that by 2012, a considerable amount of information must have
passed between the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant in connection with orders
for DSM products, customers, production issues, sales targets, market
development and the like. A lot of information would have been disclosed at
quarterly meetings between the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant. In addition, it is
likely that the parties would have had specific discussions and communications
on bespoke premix requests for some customers such as the formulation of the
bespoke premixes as well as regulatory and other matters. It goes without
saying that the 2nd Defendant, in particular, would have been concerned to
safeguard any confidential information that it might disclose in relation to
product formulations and production methods, whether these related to standard
ingredients/premixes or bespoke premixes. This explains why the preamble to
the Confidentiality Agreement states that DSM has developed and possesses
certain proprietary information relating to its products whilst the Plaintiff
has developed certain proprietary information relating to its business.

48 This is the context in which the Confidentiality Agreement was raised,
discussed, negotiated and eventually signed on 22 October 2013. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

SOC 2, para 7.

The evidence supports the view that it was the Defendants who were keen on
executing the Confidentiality Agreement and that any delays in reaching the
agreement were largely due to slow responses from Dr Nont. However, I note
that Mr Redman accepted that the parties needed reasonable time to formalise
the Confidentiality Agreement and that the Plaintiff was not dragging its feet
unnecessarily. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NOE of 21 September 2017, p 65.

But I also note that there is nothing in the e-mail communications between the
parties which raised the issue of the identities of the Plaintiff’s FB&N
customers as being confidential information.

The standard terms and conditions for orders placed with the 1st Defendant

49 The 1st Defendant made several DSM products available to the Plaintiff to
purchase and sell onwards to downstream Thai FB&N producers. Each order placed
by the Plaintiff was on the 1st Defendant’s General Terms and Conditions of
Sale (“the GTC”). 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

AEIC of Mr Redman, para 8 and pp 13–14.

When cross-examined on the GTC, Ms Chaitharatip’s evidence was that she was
not familiar at all with the terms and conditions of sale as she was not
involved or working in “the purchasing area”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NOE of 18 September 2017, pp 61–62.

Nonetheless, it does not appear that the Plaintiff disputes the fact that
orders placed by the Plaintiff were subject to the GTC.

50 Briefly, the GTC’s terms include the following:

(a) Clause 1 deals with general provisions, including one stating that the GTC
governs the offer, sale and delivery of all goods and services from the 1st
Defendant to the Plaintiff.

(b) Clause 2.1 deals with quotations, orders and confirmation, and includes a
provision that “[o]rders shall be deemed to be an offer by [the Plaintiff] to
purchase the Products from DSM and are not binding until accepted by DSM in
writing”, and that “DSM shall be entitled to refuse an order without
indicating the reasons.”

(c) Clause 3 deals with prices. It provides that prices are as set out in the
confirmed order, and that unless prices are indicated as firm in the confirmed
order, DSM is entitled in certain stated circumstances to increase the price
of products yet to be delivered.

(d) Clause 4 deals with payment and customer’s credit. It provides that unless
otherwise stated in the confirmed order, payment is to be paid on the basis of
net cash within 30 days following DSM’s invoice.

(e) Clause 22 deals with intellectual property and provides, inter alia, that
“[a]ll intellectual property rights arising out of or in connection with the
Products shall be the exclusive property of DSM.”

51 Clause 19.1 of the GTC also provides an express choice for the laws of
Thailand to govern the rights and obligations arising out of a confirmed
order. In addition, cl 19.2 provides that the “any suits, actions or
proceedings that may be instituted by any party shall be initiated exclusively
before the competent courts of Bangkok … without prejudice to DSM’s right to
submit the matter to any other competent court.” Unlike the Confidentiality
Agreement which is governed by Singapore law and subject to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts, the confirmed purchase orders between
the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant are subject to the laws of Thailand.

52 I note that there is nothing in the GTC which imposes on the 1st Defendant
any obligation to accept an order placed by the Plaintiff. This is a point
which was accepted by Ms Chaitharatip under cross-examination. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NOE of 18 September 2017, pp 63–64.

The GTC merely governs specific orders placed by the Plaintiff and accepted by
the 1st Defendant for DSM products. The GTC does not speak to the broader
relationship between the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant with regard to the
Plaintiff’s appointment as a local distributor in Thailand.

The applicable legal principles

53 The basic principles of the law on confidence as set out in the seminal
English cases of Saltman Engineering Co v Campbell Engineering Co (1948) 65
RPC 203 and Coco v AN Clark (Engineers) Ltd [1969] RPC 41 (“Coco v Clark”),
which have been followed and applied in numerous Singapore cases including PH
Hydraulics & Engineering Pte Ltd v Intrepid Offshore Construction Pte Ltd and
another [2012] 4 SLR 36 at [55], and Invenpro (M) Sdn Bd v JCS Automation Pte
Ltd and another [2014] 2 SLR 1045 (“Invenpro”) at [129].

54 The three basic elements to be satisfied are as follows:

(a) the information must possess the necessary quality of confidentiality;

(b) the information must have been imparted or received in circumstances such
as to give rise to an obligation of confidentiality; and

(c) there must have been unauthorised use and detriment.

55 The obligation of confidentiality, whilst often arising as a term of a
contract (express or implied), can also arise in circumstances where there is
no contractual relationship between the parties. Take, for example, a case
where confidential information is imparted by X to Y under a contract and Y,
in breach, discloses the information to Z. In such circumstances, Z may be
subject to an equitable obligation of confidentiality even though he is not a
party to the contract. There are, of course, many other cases where equity’s
intervention is relied on to protect confidential information in the hands of
a recipient or taker of confidential information (see Invenpro at [131]), but
it is not necessary in the present case to examine this area in detail. The
general point is that it is common for disputes over confidential information
to be brought in both contract and equity. In many cases, the basic facts are
the same or closely related. In some cases, the claimant is able to succeed
both on the contractual claim for breach of confidence and also in equity. It
is worth bearing in mind that whilst there can be no double recovery by the
Plaintiff, the fact that the breach of duty is founded in both contract and
equity can be significant for determining the available or appropriate
remedies. This is perhaps especially so if there is a claim for an account of
profits, a remedy readily available in equity but much less so for a straight
breach of contract.

56 In the present case, reference has been made to the point that the parties
entered into the Confidentiality Agreement a considerable time after they had
established their distributorship arrangement. Long before the Confidentiality
Agreement, the parties had been cooperating in the development of the Thai
market for DSM products. There was a long-standing practice (if not a
requirement) for quarterly meetings at which the Plaintiff would present
reports on its performance, market developments and market/customer issues.
The Defendants would also from time to time participate at exhibitions in
Thailand with the Plaintiff at which they would meet Thai FB&N producers. It
is clear that even if there was no express confidentiality agreement between
the parties prior to the Confidentiality Agreement, confidential information
imparted to the 1st Defendant during meetings and discussions might be covered
by implied contractual obligations or equitable obligations under the well-
established principles elucidated in Coco v Clark. I will go into these
principles in more detail where necessary to decide an issue before the Court.

Whether the Customer Information constitutes confidential information

57 The first question before this Court is whether the Customer Information
constitutes confidential information with reference to the Confidentiality
Agreement and the Defendants’ common law or equitable obligations. This lies
at the heart of the Plaintiff’s claim and must be addressed bearing in mind
the context and background of the relationship between the parties.

Relationships between the parties and Thai FB&N customers

58 I have emphasised the point that the parties had a long commercial
relationship which stretched back more than two decades prior to the
termination of the distributorship arrangement in 2014. But as I noted above
at [33], there is a distinct lack of documentary material on the contractual
terms of the distributorship such as reporting obligations, duties imposed on
the Plaintiff to develop the Thai market, duties imposed on the 1st Defendant,
parties’ right of termination, and so on. The Defendants have made the point
that there were occasions when Thai FB&N producers would approach the 1st
Defendant directly for supplies of DSM ingredients. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DSB, generally; NOE of 19 September 2017, p 8.

It appears that in some cases, the 1st Defendant satisfied the request
directly if there was a special reason to do so, such as a request for bespoke
premixes. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

See NOE of 21 September 2017, p 93.

In other words, the fact that the Defendants on occasion interacted directly
with Thai FB&N producers supports the Defendants’ position that they had their
own direct knowledge of Thai FB&N producers. Indeed, the point can fairly be
made that the Defendants had a real interest in becoming familiar with the
Thai market and to have interaction with Thai FB&N producers. Thai FB&N
producers who were using or wanted to use DSM ingredients in their products
were just as much the Defendants’ customers as the Plaintiff’s, and the
Plaintiff was not in a position to object to this direct contact.

59 I am satisfied that whilst the Plaintiff had the front-line position in
developing the market for DSM ingredients in Thailand, the Defendants also
played a real role in supporting the Plaintiff’s efforts. Whilst the
Plaintiff’s position is that the 1st Defendant was not concerned with the
identities of the Plaintiff’s FB&N customers who required DSM ingredients, I
am satisfied that the 1st Defendant (also a Thai company), in carrying out its
supportive role, would become aware of the main (or at least some) Thai FB&N
producers who were using or might be interested in using DSM ingredients. The
information and knowledge could be acquired from discussions with the
Plaintiff (such as at the quarterly meetings), by attending conferences and
exhibitions in Thailand, and as a result of direct approaches by some Thai
FB&N producers (even if infrequent). There may also have been other ways
whereby the 1st Defendant legitimately accumulated information on Thai FB&N
producers and their needs over the years, including through presentations on
DSM products by the Defendants’ staff (for example, from the business
development division) to Thai FB&N producers. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NOE 20 September 2017 pp 40–42 and 49.

60 A substantial part of the evidence concerned bespoke or customised premixes
that were sometimes requested by Thai FB&N producers. Ms Chaitharatip
testified that they had a R&D team involved in the development of new products
for the Plaintiff such as food colouring and seasonings. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NOE 18 September 2017, pp 44–45.

It appears that the Plaintiff also assisted Thai FB&N customers to develop
bespoke ingredient mixes. However, the Plaintiff’s evidence on this was thin.
No supporting or corroborating evidence was provided from any other source,
and it is unclear exactly what work the Plaintiff would undertake in terms of
developing or testing the premix formulation, etc. In cases where the customer
needed a bespoke premix, Ms Chaitharatip stated in her evidence that the
Plaintiff’s products department would work closely with the Defendants to meet
the requirements of the Thai FB&N customer. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

AEIC of Ms Chaitharatip, para 25(c).

61 The evidence, as a whole, strongly supports the view that the 2nd Defendant
was heavily involved in working with Thai FB&N customers in developing bespoke
premixes. There is no doubt that the Plaintiff, and with no disrespect,
largely acted as a “conduit” to convey customers’ needs and requests for
bespoke formulations to the Defendants. It is unclear if there was any more to
this, such as the formulation of ingredients, testing or evaluation approvals.
In all likelihood, the 2nd Defendant would also have carried out substantial
R&D and technical work on requested bespoke premixes. After all, it is not in
dispute that the 2nd Defendant carries out R&D on FB&N products and
ingredients, 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NOE of 22 September 2017, pp 24–25 and 106–107.

which is a major part of its business and expertise. The Defendants rely on
the evidence of their work on bespoke premixes to bolster their general case
that the knowledge they had acquired as to the Thai FB&N market was as much
the Defendants’ as the Plaintiff’s.

62 I make a passing observation that if the Plaintiff intends to mount a claim
to the formulation of the bespoke premixes, much more evidence would be needed
on their involvement, the work done and the relationships between the
Plaintiff and the Thai FB&N customers, and between the Thai FB&N customers and
the 2nd Defendant. It stands to reason that a newly developed bespoke premix
for a food product which has obtained approval from the relevant food and drug
authority can be very valuable in its own right. There was no evidence put
before the Court by reference to which a determination could be made as to
whether the intellectual property rights (if any) in the bespoke formulations
belonged to the Thai FB&N customers, the 2nd Defendant, the Plaintiff or some
other party, but this is not a matter that arises for decision in the case
before me.

The Key Customers List

63 I will now turn to take a closer look at the documents containing the
Customer Information which the Plaintiff alleges to be confidential
information, starting with the Key Customers List. This a list of “existing
customers who consume DSM’s products” that was prepared by the Plaintiff for
and at the request of the Defendants. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

2 AB, p 852.

The Key Customers List was initially requested at a quarterly meeting between
the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant on 27 February 2014. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

2AB, p 823.

The minutes of the meeting record that the 1st Defendant asked for customer
information and “win projects” (referring to new sales of DSM ingredients) 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

AEIC of Ms Chaitharatip, para 35.

in past years for reference. The Plaintiff responded on 4 April 2014 with the
list of “win projects” and ongoing projects for the first quarter of 2014.
This was followed by another e-mail request from the 1st Defendant for “the
existing customers who consume DSM’s products for [the 1st Defendant’s]
reference” on 11 April 2014. The Key Customers List was sent to the 1st
Defendant on 9 May 2014 together with the Plaintiff’s report for the first
quarter of 2014. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

AEIC of Ms Chaitharatip, paras 55–58.

64 The Key Customers List comprises six printed pages with a confidentiality
statement marked at the bottom of each page in Thai script. A total of 42
customers were listed. Information provided for each key customer concerned:
(a) the DSM product(s) (eg, lycopene, Vitamin B-12, premixes); (b) the
application of each product (eg, functional drinks, noodles); and (c) the
estimated volume of each product ordered per quarter in kilogrammes. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

2AB, p 855 et seq.

65 Whilst the 1st Defendant had made its request for the Key Customers List
simply for reference purposes, what was provided purports to be a selection of
the major customers who “buy a lot of DSM manufactured products” from the
Plaintiff. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DCS, para 108, citing NOE of 20 September 2017, p 64.

The Key Customers List does not set out the contact details or addresses of
the customers listed.

66 The Plaintiff’s position is that the Key Customers List was provided to the
Defendants only because of the trust and longstanding relationship between the
parties. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

PCS, para 32.

Further, the Confidentiality Agreement had been signed by this time and it was
the Plaintiff’s understanding that the Key Customers List would have been kept
confidential and not misused. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

AEIC of Ms Chaitharatip, paras 57 and 62.

The On-going Projects List and other information and reports

67 It is clear that the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant had regular quarterly
meetings for many years during which the Plaintiff would present reports on
performance, problems, new or prospective Thai F&B products and potential FB&N
customers for DSM products. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

AEIC of Ms Chaitharatip, para 35 et seq.

By way of illustration:

(a) The On-going Projects List on pending projects and customers for the first
quarter of 2014 was sent to the 1st Defendant on 4 April 2014. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

AEIC of Ms Chaitharatip, p 643.

For example, in the case of one Thai FB&N producer, it reported that there was
an ongoing project for “Premix Vegetable” to be used for “RTD fruit juice”.
101

##### Foot Note 101

×

AEIC of Ms Chaitharatip, p 647.

The report also identified DSM products which were “at risk”. For example, a
Thai FB&N producer who was a customer for “Dry Vitamin A Acetate 325 CWS/A”
had requested a lower price as it was able to import the same product from
Indonesia. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

AEIC of Ms Chaitharatip, p 648.

(b) A report on “Launched products in 2013–2014” was provided by the Plaintiff
to the 1st Defendant on 17 March 2014 in connection with an earlier meeting on
27 February 2014 regarding performance in the fourth quarter of 2013. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

2AB, p 756.

The report included information on products launched in 2013 and 2014 such as
a new tomato-based functional beverage made by a Thai FB&N producer. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

2AB, p 759.

Whilst it is unclear whether DSM ingredients were already used for this new
product, it appears that this product was in any case identified as suitable
for the DSM lycopene ingredient. Another report for the same meeting presented
information on “Success stories in 2013” such as a Thai FB&N producer’s UHT
(ultra-high temperature-processed) fruit juice with high vitamin content for
children and which used the DSM ingredient known as “Dry Vitamin A Acetate 325
CWS/A”. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

2AB, p 796.

(c) The minutes of the meeting held on 27 February 2014 regarding performance
in the fourth quarter of 2013 noted that sales volume for “D-Biotin” had
decreased. The Plaintiff was asked to provide the reason for the decrease. In
addition, the 1st Defendant suggested that there should be planning for
meetings with customers together with the Plaintiff for the purpose of
providing more support. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

2AB, p 824.

The minutes recorded that the Plaintiff was asked to supply customer
information and “win projects” in past years for reference, and this
information was provided on 4 April 2014. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

2AB, pp 824 and 827.

Thereafter, information on the Plaintiff’s existing customers for DSM products
(the Key Customers List) was requested on 11 April 2014 and provided on 9 May
2014 (see [63] above).

68 According to the Plaintiff, a good deal of the information (on matters such
as “win projects” and the sale of DSM products in Thailand) was provided so
that the Defendants would learn of new potential applications of DSM products
for creating and developing demand in other countries’ markets. The Plaintiff
accepts that the information provided could also assist the Defendants to help
the Plaintiff identify other potential applications of DSM products for new
Thai customers. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Ms Chaitharatip AEIC at [37].

I am satisfied that the quarterly report meetings were held for the benefit of
both the Plaintiff and the Defendants, such as by identifying new FB&N
products for which DSM ingredients may be suitable for use in, as well as
helping to resolve problems over supplies and/or pricing of ingredients that
the Plaintiff may have encountered. Ms Chaitharatip similarly accepted that
information such as the report meeting for the fourth quarter of 2013 could be
used by the Defendants to support the Plaintiff’s business in Thailand. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DCS, para 60, quoting NOE of 19 September 2017, p 50.

69 Parenthetically, I note that the Plaintiff’s earlier performance in 2012
was a matter of some concern, which resulted in the Defendants seeking more
information in an effort to help the Plaintiff meet its sale targets and to
develop the Thai market in 2013. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

1AB, p 235.

The assistance provided by the Defendants included meetings and presentations
with Thai FB&N producers on DSM products. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

See 1AB, pp 236, 396, 421, 504 and 505.

For example, on 20 June 2013, the 2nd Defendant made a presentation in
Thailand on DSM products to a Thai FB&N producer. The email sent by the 2nd
Defendant to the Thai producer on the day after the presentation attached a
copy of the presentation slides, noted the problems raised regarding service,
and concluded with the response that it was DSM’s goal to delight and exceed
customers’ expectations and to “increase our DSM contribution to your
business.” A copy of the presentation was sent to the Plaintiff on 22 June
2013. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

1AB, p 421 et seq.

The assistance provided by the Defendants in 2013 also included support at
FB&N exhibitions in Thailand and some meetings between the 2nd Defendant and
Thai FB&N producers. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

1AB, p 605; NOE of 20 September 2017, p 68.

70 I note as well that whilst the Plaintiff’s sales performance did improve in
2013, there were further communications between Dr Nont and the Defendants in
September and November 2013 on sales figures and the Thai market. For example,
on 6 September 2013, Dr Nont sent an email to the 1st Defendant in response to
information that the Plaintiff was approximately 2% behind budget as at August
2013, and in that same e-mail, he requested advice and support to achieve the
budget for “this challenging year”. That said, it seems that by the end of
2013, the Plaintiff’s sales figures had improved such that there was
discussion to bring forward January 2014 orders for delivery in December 2013.
114

##### Foot Note 114

×

1AB, pp 605, 658 and 659.

Relevance of the Confidentiality Agreement and confidentiality markings

71 The provisions in the Confidentiality Agreement defining confidential
information are set out in broad or loose terms, such as references to
“certain proprietary information” (see [41] above). Nothing is said as to what
the proprietary business information relates to, and there is no mention of
customer lists, customer requirements and so on.

72 The Confidentiality Agreement goes on to explain that the parties are
willing to disclose to each other the confidential information for the purpose
of the distribution arrangement between them. To this end, cl 1 provides that
oral and visual disclosures fall under the agreement if they are reduced to
writing and marked “Confidential”. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

1AB, pp 38–40.

I pause here to comment that the Confidentiality Agreement does not state or
purport to have the effect that any information in writing and marked
“Confidential” is confidential under the agreement or principles of common law
and equity. The Confidentiality Agreement does not mean that anything marked
“confidential” is confidential as a matter of law (whether by agreement or
otherwise), only that confidential information falls under the agreement only
if it is reduced to writing and marked “Confidential”. For example, if a party
states in writing in a document marked “Confidential” that the formula for
water is “H2O”, this does not make the formula of water confidential as such.
Indeed, cl 3 goes on to state that “[t]he receiving Party’s obligations set
forth hereunder shall not extend to any Confidential Information … which at
the time of disclosure is in the public domain”.

73 Whilst cl 3 is framed as an exclusion of the Party’s obligation of
confidentiality, the more fundamental objection that the information is not
confidential in any case remains. It is not necessary for this Court to come
to a firm landing on when the “marking” of a document as “Confidential” or
“Secret” will have the effect of placing obligations on the receiving party
whether under a contract or by virtue of general principles of common law and
equity. Much will depend on the precise wording of the marking, any relevant
contractual provision on the effect of marking, and the overall circumstances
and facts. As Peter Smith J observed in Sports Direct International Plc v
Rangers International Football Club Plc [2016] EWHC 85 (Ch) (“Sports Direct”)
at [25], just “because the parties label matters as being confidential does
not necessarily make it so. The principles of confidentiality are more
restrictive than that.” For example, whilst a contract of employment may
define confidential information in broad terms, issues of restraint of trade
and public policy may arise especially post-termination which affect the
enforceability of such a contractual provision. There are cases holding that
where the parties have specified the information to be treated as confidential
and the duration and nature of the duties imposed, the court will not
ordinarily impose additional or more extensive equitable obligations: see
Duncan Edward Vercoe and others v Rutland Fund Management Ltd and others
[2010] EWHC 424 (Ch) at [329]. On the other hand, equitable obligations of
confidentiality may arise in appropriate cases where the contractual
obligations and definitions are less clear: see Sports Direct at [25].

74 In the present case, many of the documents after November 2013 such as
quarterly slide presentations on “win projects” and the Key Customers List are
marked with confidentiality claims in the Thai language. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

DCS, para 101, citing 2AB, p 852.

The markings are generally clear and visible but only start appearing on
quarterly reports after the Confidentiality Agreement. The question that
remains is whether the information disclosed in each report, document or
presentation is, in fact and law, confidential information.

75 The Plaintiff’s view is that the fact of a Thai FB&N producer’s use of DSM
ingredients sourced through the Plaintiff qualifies as confidential
information. Ms Chaitharatip referred to some sample invoices issued by the
Plaintiff to a Thai FB&N producer for “earlier purchases of DSM Nutritional
Products (with a watermark containing a confidentiality statement subsequently
added by [the Plaintiff] to emphasise the confidentiality of the information
contained therein)”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Ms Chaitharatip AEIC at [44].

It is not clear, however, what Ms Chaitharatip meant when she stated that the
confidentiality watermark was subsequently added. The watermark in the sample
invoice appears to have been added by the Plaintiff to the invoice
specifically for the purposes of the use of the invoice for the current
litigation. The watermark states that “[t]he details of customers and any
other information which [the Plaintiff] has submitted to the court are the
trade secret of the company” and mentions the present suit between the
parties. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

See, for example, AEIC of Ms Chaitharatip, p 300.

Moreover, the invoice exhibited was from the Plaintiff to its Thai FB&N
producer/customer. It was not a document provided to the 1st Defendant at or
around the time when the invoice was issued. Further, whilst the Plaintiff
suggests that some of its FB&N customers did not want the fact that they
obtained DSM ingredients to be made publicly known, there is no supporting
evidence for this at all. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

See DCS, para 195, quoting NOE of 19 September 2017, p 26.

Findings on confidentiality

76  The legal principles relating to the quality of confidentiality with
regard to commercial and industrial information are well-settled and
summarised in the Invenpro case at [130] as follows:

… (a) Information will possess the quality of confidence so long as it remains
relatively secret or relatively inaccessible to the public as compared to
information already in the public domain. This is primarily a question of
public accessibility. Absolute novelty or secrecy is not the touchstone. In
deciding whether information is readily accessible, the court will have regard
to the degree of exposure … as well as the extent to which that exposure makes
the information readily accessible to interested members of the public.
Ultimately, the question is one of fact and degree.

…

(c) Information does not have to be inventive to possess the necessary quality
of confidence. That said, in order for the claimant to be able to assert its
rights, it will usually be necessary to prove that the information was a
product of some amount of labour and effort such that any other member of the
public will have to go through a similar process of effort and labour to reach
the same destination.

…

(e) Information can be confidential as a whole even though the component parts
are in the public domain ... In these cases, the fact that the individual
features or elements are already known does not mean that the end result does
not possess the necessary quality of confidence. It may be a case where the
end result is more than just the sum of the parts. Nevertheless, in these
instances, the plea that the individual elements have been combined together
in a way so as to produce something which is new in itself, is a plea that
requires careful analysis and must be supported by the evidence.

(f) To succeed, the claimant will have to show that the information alleged to
be confidential is sufficiently well developed … Factors relevant to whether
the information is sufficiently well developed include: whether the
information (if said to embody a new idea) is realisable in actuality and
whether it has been developed to the point where it acquires some commercial
attractiveness. Ultimately, it is suggested that what is needed is for the
claimant to show that the information has been developed to the point where it
can be defined with sufficient objective certainty such that the defendant can
understand the case being put to him …

77 In the present case, there is little doubt that the information disclosed
on the formulation of standard as well as bespoke premixes can easily be found
to possess the necessary quality of confidence by reference to the principles
summarised above. Indeed, there may well have been other items of information
that had been disclosed between the parties on specific issues such as
solutions to quality or manufacturing issues that possess the necessary
quality of confidence. New marketing plans, details on emerging food fads or
strategies for future business development might also qualify as confidential
information in the appropriate circumstances. It is not, however, necessary
for this court to come to a firm landing on these points; the heart of the
dispute concerns the information on the Customer Information such as the
identities of the Plaintiff’s key customers that was supplied to the 1st
Defendant by way of the Key Customers List.

78 It may well be that the 1st Defendant would have been able to derive its
own version of the Key Customers List with the aid of independent third-party
FB&N market researchers, Internet resources as well as the 1st Defendant’s own
internal records built up over the history of their relationship with the
Plaintiff. Indeed, the 1st Defendant suggested that many of the Plaintiff’s
competitors (suppliers of ingredients to FB&N producers) in Thailand would
have their own lists of FB&N producers including information on ingredients
used. Mr Redman, however, quite properly accepted that whilst the 1st
Defendant’s list of key customers might be similar, the lists would not be
identical. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NOE of 22 September 2017, pp 28–29.

79 Looking at the evidence as a whole, I am satisfied that whilst some of the
1st Defendant’s internal records on Thai FB&N producers who use DSM
ingredients were derived from information supplied by the Plaintiff at
quarterly meetings, etc (including meetings held prior to the parties entering
into the Confidentiality Agreement), there are other records whose
informational content would have been due to the 1st Defendant’s own contacts
with Thai FB&N producers whether at exhibitions, meetings to discuss needs and
requirements, and so on. Given the long history of the commercial relationship
between the parties it is unsurprising how difficult it is to determine the
provenance of all the information in the Defendants’ possession. The fact that
some records including those relating to minutes of quarterly meetings between
the 1st Defendant and Plaintiff in earlier years were misplaced or lost by
both the 1st Defendant and the Plaintiff heightens the problem. The
difficulties which the 1st Defendant asserts it encountered in locating more
records to bolster its claim that Thai FB&N producers had sometimes contacted
or placed orders directly with the 1st Defendant (because of lapse of time and
the digitisation of records) 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

See NOE of 22 September 2017, pp 8–15.

was not helpful. Even though I am satisfied that the 1st Defendant did have
some direct dealings with Thai FB&N producers for DSM ingredients over the
years, what remains unclear is how often and how many Thai FB&N producers
would have acquired DSM ingredients in this manner.

80 For completeness, this Court accepts that there are independent businesses
offering market analysis research, such as Mintel Global Market Research, and
who are able to provide various types of market intelligence reports in the
area of FB&N products. These include reports on developing market trends and
new products in Thailand. Indeed, whilst the matter was not examined in any
detail, it appears likely that bespoke reports could be commissioned. Indeed,
the point was made that the Plaintiff had even asked the 1st Defendant for a
copy of a Mintel market trend report for 2014 that the 1st Defendant had
acquired. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NOE of 20 September 2017, pp 3 and 10–13.

81 But even though the 1st Defendant would have been able to (and apparently
did) engage the services of market researchers, I am still satisfied that the
Plaintiff’s Key Customers List report constituted confidential information at
the time when it was produced and disclosed to the 1st Defendant. At the very
least, it would have taken some time and effort to construct a similar list
with substantially the same information, from independent sources.

82 The immediate utility of the Key Customers List was not just information as
to who the key FB&N producers in Thailand were, but more significantly, who
the Plaintiff’s key customers for DSM ingredients were, the types of
ingredients they ordered, the applications made of such ingredients and the
estimated quantities thereof (see [64] above). I am satisfied that even if the
1st Defendant had been able to construct its own list of key FB&N producers in
Thailand who were using DSM ingredients, there is no doubting the time and
effort that would have been required. It is also unlikely that any list
produced by the 1st Defendant simply from its internal records (such as
purchase orders and quarterly reports) would be as comprehensive as the Key
Customers List.

83 In Personal Management Solutions Ltd and another v Brakes Bros Ltd and
others [2014] EWHC 3495 (QB) (“Personal Management Solutions”), two associated
claimant companies brought claims in respect of the defendants’ misuse of
their group’s confidential information. The claimants carried on business of
providing employee benefit packages to other companies. The first defendant
was a company that contracted with the claimants to provide insurance for its
employees. It subsequently provided to the other defendants the list of all of
its employees who had policies with the claimants, together with those
employees’ gross premiums. Those defendants then used the information in the
list to compete with the claimants for the provision of employee benefit
packages to the first defendant’s employees.

84 The English High Court in Personal Management Solutions found that the list
had come into existence as a direct result of the claimants’ performance of
the contract with the first defendant by arranging insurance policies for its
employees. The list was not widely available and included “refined
information” which showed who was willing to take insurance and at what price.
Whilst the 1st Defendant would have been able to construct a similar list by
asking each employee for the information, this would have taken time and
depended on the cooperation of each employee. In these circumstances, the
English High Court found that the information amounted to commercial
intelligence which was of value to competitors.

85 Personal Management Solutions subsequently proceeded to the assessment of
damages hearing, and an issue arising over the scope of the assessment of
damages resulted in an appeal to a differently-constituted High Court in
Personal Management Solutions Ltd and another vs Brakes Bros Ltd and others
[2017] EWHC 383 (QB). The High Court, when reviewing the judgment on
liability, reiterated at [25] that what was confidential about the information
contained in the list was the combination of names of the first defendant’s
policyholder employees together with the premiums they paid. It appears to me
that the Key Customers List was similar in this regard.

86 Mr Redman essentially accepted that the Key Customers List did, as a whole,
contain confidential information. In his answer to a question from the Court
on confidentiality and the Key Customers List, Mr Redman’s response was that
whilst the information was available from outside sources, such information
was “fragmented” and that “it would take [a] long time … to get that
information together.” 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NOE of 22 September 2017, p 23.

This concession was fairly made by the witness. For example, it does not
appear that the 1st Defendant would have been able to determine who the
Plaintiff’s FB&N customers were simply by looking at purchase orders which
simply indicated the quantity of ingredients and did not reveal the identity
of the FB&N producers unless the order was unusual in some respect (such as
quantity). 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

See NOE of 22 September 2017, pp 69–71; PCS at para 22.

It must follow that any list that the 1st Defendant compiled from its own
records (even if the records were complete and available) would not likely
have been as comprehensive as the Key Customers List was.

87 In coming to my decision that the Key Customers List as a whole contains
confidential information, I stress that the confidentiality resides in the
collation of information as a whole: the names of the key customers, the types
of products, and the DSM ingredients (and quantity) ordered. This point must
be borne in mind when considering the later question of breach or unauthorised
use. Where, for example, the defendant is only shown to have misused part of
the information, it will ordinarily be necessary to show that the misuse
relates to a “material part” of the information: see Tanya Aplin et al, Gurry
on Breach of Confidence (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2012) at paras
15.10–15.13. This point is considered in greater detail below.

88 I note as well that this part of my reasoning regarding the confidentiality
of the Key Customers List does not extend to the other documents,
correspondence and information received by the Defendants. The rest of the
Customer Information was generally accumulated over the years in a piecemeal
fashion and was not collated in the same way as the Key Customers List was.
However, Mr Redman accepted that information in the Ongoing Projects List and
the reports on new products provided in April 2014 contained useful
information for securing orders from new FB&N producers and persuading
existing FB&N customers to extend their orders to other DSM ingredients, 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NOE of 21 September 2017, pp 75–76, 89–91 and 96.

and it does not appear to me that all of this information was in the public
domain. The main difficulty here (as I have noted at [79] above) is that the
provenance of this information is difficult to prove and pinpoint. I am
prepared to accept that there may have been confidential information in the
other exchanges of Customer Information between the parties, but as I will
soon explain, there is no evidence that any of this information was used (and
how) by the Defendants, be it for the purposes of the Notice or otherwise. My
analysis of whether the Defendants made unauthorised use of any confidential
information will, therefore, focus on the Defendants’ use of the Key Customers
List.

Whether the Defendants made unauthorised use of the Customer Information

The termination of the distributorship arrangement

89 On 10 June 2014, the 1st Defendant, by teleconference and letter addressed
to Dr Nont, gave one month’s notice of termination of its distribution
arrangement with the Plaintiff. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

2AB, p 1092

The termination letter stated that the effective date of termination was 10
July 2014, and proposed certain “transitional” arrangements including the
following:

(a) The 1st Defendant could choose to not accept new orders from the Plaintiff
after 10 June 2014.

(b) The 1st Defendant reserved the right during the termination notice period
to review and cancel some or all pending orders from the Plaintiff.

(c) The 1st Defendant would continue to supply products to the Plaintiff for
customers with whom the Plaintiff had long-term binding supply commitments,
provided the Plaintiff could provide the 1st Defendant documentary proof of
such commitments. Where the Plaintiff had such long-term binding supply
commitments, the 1st Defendant would continue to supply products to the
Plaintiff for a maximum of two months from 10 June 2014 until 10 August 2014.

90 The Plaintiff’s substantive response to the termination letter, including
the proposed transitional arrangements, is set out in a letter from its
lawyers dated 21 July 2014. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

AEIC of Mr Redman, pp 23–27.

In brief, the Plaintiff expressed shock at the abrupt termination which was
said to be “unreasonable, without justification, and in bad faith”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

AEIC of Mr Redman, p 24.

The Plaintiff rejected the 1st Defendant’s one month’s notice of termination
as being wholly inadequate and instead countered with a proposal of a 15-month
notice period. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

AEIC of Mr Redman, p 24.

It also rejected the proposed transitional arrangements regarding customers
with whom the Plaintiff had long-term binding commitments. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

AEIC of Mr Redman, pp 25–26.

91 The Plaintiff complains that the Defendants never raised the possibility of
termination of the distributorship during the quarterly meetings in 2013 and
2014, even though the parties had been discussing developments in the Thai
market and how the Defendants might best assist the Plaintiff develop its
customer base and orders. Indeed, the Plaintiff’s sales performance in 2013
had improved and the Plaintiff was provided with a quota target for 2014
before the termination letter was sent. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

2AB, p 895.

According to Mr Redman, the reason for the decision to terminate the
Plaintiff’s distributorship was because of the Plaintiff’s recent difficulties
in meeting sales targets and the need to improve market penetration for DSM
products. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NOE of 21 September 2017, pp 22–23.

Mr Redman, however, candidly acknowledged that he only became involved with
the 1st Defendant’s relationship with the Plaintiff sometime toward the end of
May 2014 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NOE of 21 September 2017, p 38.

and that he did not know if Ms Jaklerdchai had warned Dr Nont of the extent of
the Defendants’ unhappiness. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NOE of 21 September 2017, p 44.

Whilst Mr Redman accepted that the 1st Defendant had been given a quota target
for 2014, he postulated that the decision to terminate the distributorship
might not have been made at that time. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NOE of 21 September 2017, p 47.

The long and short of the evidence is that it is not clear when the Defendants
decided to: (a) start looking for an alternative distributor to replace the
Plaintiff; and (b) when the decision was actually made to terminate the
Plaintiff’s distributorship. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

AEIC of Mr Redman, para 12; NOE of 21 September 2017, p 34.

92 Prior to the substantive response from the Plaintiff (through its lawyers)
on 21 July 2014, the Plaintiff on 13 June 2014 had rejected the terms proposed
by the 1st Defendant in its termination notice. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

2AB, p 1012.

The 2nd Defendant (through its corporate counsel) immediately requested Dr
Nont’s substantive comments on the proposals (in particular, on the proposed
notice period). 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

2AB, p 1011.

Dr Nont’s response on 20 June 2014 was that the Plaintiff disagreed with the
termination and had put the matter into the hands of its lawyers. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

2AB, p 1035.

93 Having had its attempts for direct discussions rebuffed by Dr Nont, the
Defendants submit that it was all the more important for steps to have been
taken to bring about an “orderly winding down” of the distributorship. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

See DCS, para 122.

It was in this context that on 1 July 2014, the 1st Defendant issued the
Notice directly to the Plaintiff’s FB&N customers stating that it was in the
process of changing the distributorship of DSM products in Thailand to Rama
Production Co Ltd (“Rama”), and notifying them that their requirements for DSM
products would be met by either the Plaintiff or the 1st Defendant in the
interim period and thereafter by Rama after their distributorship was
established. The Notice provided the names of contact persons at the 1st
Defendant, and stated that Ms Jaklerdchai and/or another of its
representatives named Kanokorn Jeimjitt would arrange to meet the customers
soon so as to address their needs properly. The details of contact persons at
Rama were also provided. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

AEIC of Mr Redman, p 21.

Findings on whether there was unauthorised use

94 The Plaintiff asserts that as a result of the Notice, many of its customers
terminated or cancelled existing orders with the Plaintiff for DSM products.
142

##### Foot Note 142

×

SOC 2, para 38.

The Plaintiff asserts that it is likely that these customers acquired DSM
products directly from the Defendants or from Rama following their receipt of
the Notice. On this basis, the Plaintiff claims that the 1st Defendant
breached the Confidentiality Agreement and misused confidential information to
the Plaintiff’s detriment.

95 The Confidentiality Agreement does not impose any restriction on the
Defendants, post-termination, to market DSM products in Thailand or to compete
in the business of supplying ingredients for FB&N products in Thailand. Nor
does the Plaintiff claim the right to prevent the Defendants from marketing
DSM products (whether directly or through a new distributor) to Thai FB&N
producers. The Plaintiff’s position is that the Defendants should have found
the existing customers of DSM FB&N products through their own effort and
without use of confidential information provided by the Plaintiff over the
years, and in particular, as set out in the Key Customers List. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

See NOE of 22 September 2017, pp 27–28.

96 The Defendants submit that the new distributor whom the 1st Defendant was
in the process of appointing at the time was itself an established supplier of
FB&N ingredients in Thailand. There is no doubt that Rama had participated in
some (if not, many) of the same FB&N product exhibitions in Thailand over the
years as the Plaintiff had. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

See DCS, para 34.

Rama would have had its own list of Thai FB&N producers and the type of
ingredients of interest to them. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

See DCS, para 35.

Indeed, Rama was well-established and had been in business in Thailand for at
least 25 years. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

See DCS, para 11; 3AB, p 1633.

Whilst no witness from Rama gave evidence, it appears that there would likely
have been overlaps between the Plaintiff’s list and Rama’s own list of Thai
FB&N producers. The Defendants submit that the e-mail addresses and other
contact information were obtained by the 1st Defendant from its own internal
records or from Rama, who had been asked to send over their customer lists to
the 1st Defendant. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

DCS, para 130; 2AB, p 1038.

On this basis, the Defendants submit that they did not use the collated
information as set out in the Key Customers List. The difficulty, however, is
that Mr Redman did not appear to have much direct knowledge of the dealings
between the 1st Defendant and Rama, including how the 1st Defendant identified
the Plaintiff’s key customers for the purposes of sending out the Notice.

97 In any event, the Defendants argue that the only information from the Key
Customers List that would have been used in the Notice was limited to the
identification of the names of the key customers. Looking at the Notice, I
observe that it is simply addressed to “Dear Valued Customer”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

AEIC of Mr Redman, p 21.

It appears that the Notice was sent as an e-mail attachment to the addressees.
149

##### Foot Note 149

×

See DCS, paras 128–130; 2AB, p 1040; NOE of 20 September 2017, p 69.

The contact details of the customers are, however, not set out in the Key
Customers List provided by the Plaintiff, and the Defendants did not ask the
Plaintiff for them. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NOE of 20 September 2017, p 69.

It bears repeating that the value of the Key Customers List lies in the
collection as a whole, including what ingredients were required by the
customer. By contrast, the Notice is in general form and does not refer to the
specific type of DSM products or the quantities ordered or required by any
customer.

98 I note that Mr Redman, in an answer to a question from the Court, stated
that it would have been wrong for the 1st Defendant to simply give the Key
Customers List to Rama for the latter’s use. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NOE of 22 September 2017, p 27.

This answer was given in response to a question directed at whether the Key
Customers List could be used for any purpose other than assisting the
Plaintiff with developing its market share. Mr Redman’s response that it would
not be right to simply give the list to Rama should be read in this context.
To put the point in a different way: the question of whether handing over the
Key Customers List to a competitor of the Plaintiff for purposes unconnected
with the Defendants’ need to engage and appoint a new distributor constitutes
unauthorised use, is quite different from the question of whether handing over
the list (or using the information) for the purpose of effecting a transition
to a new distributor is an unauthorised use. This is especially if the only
use made of the Key Customers List was to reference the names of the Thai FB&N
customers for DSM products and nothing more.

99 Looking at the evidence as a whole, I find that the 1st Defendant only used
the information in the Key Customers List so as to identify the Thai FB&N
producers who were key customers of DSM products and to send them the Notice.
The evidence does not establish what (if any) further use was made of the Key
Customers List by the Defendants, including whether a copy was passed to Rama
or used by Rama to facilitate implementation of the new distributorship
arrangements. Once the recipients of the Notice became aware of the change of
distributorship, they would have had to obtain DSM products directly from the
Defendants or from Rama if they desired them. Thereafter, it was unlikely that
the 1st Defendant would have had any difficulties ascertaining the needs of
the respective FB&N producers for DSM ingredients. If a FB&N producer wished
to continue using DSM ingredients for its products, it would have provided
information as to its requirements directly to the 1st Defendant or Rama. I
note as well that Rama’s appointment was short-lived and terminated after just
several months. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

NOE of 22 September 2017, p 33.

100 The issue is whether such use of the Key Customers List constitutes an
unauthorised use. The Plaintiff asserts that after the Notice was sent, many
of its Thai FB&N customers cancelled orders for DSM products placed with the
Plaintiff. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

SOC 2, para 38(a).

It is of course not surprising at all that Thai FB&N producers who wanted to
use DSM ingredients in their products decided to deal directly with the
Defendants, Rama or whomever was appointed as the new distributor for DSM
products in Thailand. With the termination of the distributorship arrangement
(transitional arrangements aside), the Plaintiff would no longer be able to
supply DSM products to its FB&N customers in the same way. The Plaintiff’s
“loss” of all of its customers for DSM products was the inevitable consequence
of the loss of its distributorship rights, and it bears repeating that it is
not the Plaintiff’s case in the present action that the Defendants were
prohibited from selling their products in Thailand or appointing a new
distributor.

101 In deciding whether the use made of the information in the Key Customers
List was unauthorised, I reiterate the following points:

(a) The Plaintiff and Defendants had a long-standing relationship and shared
interest in the Thai FB&N market. Whilst the Plaintiff had invested much time,
effort and financial resources in developing the market for DSM products,
there is no doubt that the Defendants supported the Plaintiff’s efforts. The
products being marketed by the Plaintiff were DSM products and were not
marketed (in the sense of being branded) as the Plaintiff’s products.

(b) The Key Customers List was originally requested by the 1st Defendant for
“reference purposes”, albeit in connection with assisting the Plaintiff
develop the Thai market for DSM products.

(c) There were no express terms on the termination of the distributorship
arrangement, such as terms on the notice period, transitional arrangements for
stock in trade, and so on. The Plaintiff could well have contracted for
obligations to supply DSM ingredients to some of its key customers beyond the
10 July 2014 termination date. The 1st Defendant had proposed transitional
provisions to the effect that where the Plaintiff had long-term binding supply
commitments, the 1st Defendant would continue to supply products to the
Plaintiff for up to two months. Other transitional arrangements proposed by
the 1st Defendant included matters relating to the transfer and delivery up of
authorisations/licences to import DSM products; the return of samples, sales
promotion literature, training materials; and the sale-back of stocks already
acquired by the Plaintiff.

102 The Plaintiff’s case is that the use of the Key Customers List for the
purpose of notifying key customers of the impending termination of the
distributorship arrangement went outside the purpose for which it was provided
and is accordingly unauthorised. The difficulty with this is that the question
of whether the use is unauthorised must be considered in light of the
circumstances as a whole, including the relationships between the parties and
their respective interests in the Thai market for DSM products. It stands to
reason that where the parties have had a long manufacturer-distributorship
relationship, the manufacturer would have a legitimate interest in wanting to
inform the market and its customers of the change of distributorship. For
example, if the Defendants had simply taken out a series of newspaper
advertisements in Thailand announcing the termination of the distributorship
and setting out information on new sources of supply for DSM products, the
Plaintiff on the case as presented would have no reason for any complaint at
all.

103 In the present case, the 1st Defendant informed the key customers of DSM
products by way of the Notice. Whilst I accept the 1st Defendant was able to
do this because of the Key Customers List, in my judgment, the use of the Key
Customers List for this purpose was not unauthorised. Looking at the
manufacturer-distributor relationship between the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant
for DSM products in Thailand, I am satisfied that the 1st Defendant was
implicitly authorised to use its knowledge of the key customers so as to
inform them of the termination of the distributorship. The Key Customers List
provided by the Plaintiff was not a general list of FB&N producers in Thailand
or a list of all the FB&N producers which the Plaintiff had dealings with. It
was a list of FB&N producers who were supplied with DSM products by the
Plaintiff.

104 In reaching this conclusion, I note the point expressed in Gurry on Breach
of Confidence at para 15.05 that the question is whether a reasonable person
standing in the shoes of the recipient would understand that the use made was
not permitted. This depends on the facts and circumstances as a whole,
including whether there was a limited purpose behind the disclosure. The
weight to be attached to that limited purpose must of course depend on all the
facts. Cases such as R v Department of Health Ex Parte Source Informatics
[2001] QB 424 at [31] tend to the view (at least where the action is in
equity) that a touchstone of liability and misuse is whether the defendant’s
conscience should be troubled: see R G Toulson & C M Phipps, Confidentiality
(Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2012) at para 3-173 which further states that there
may be circumstances in which the confidant has a real need to use the
confidential information, such as where the disclosure or use is fairly
required for the protection of the party’s legitimate interests.

105 The decision of the English Court of Appeal in Personnel Hygiene Services
Ltd and another v Rentokil Initial UK Ltd (t/a Initial Medical Services) and
another [2014] EWCA Civ 29 (“Personnel Hygiene Services”) provides a helpful
contrast. In this case, the claimant was in the business of providing clinical
waste bins for hazardous waste material which involved collecting the waste
bins and replacing them at regular intervals as well as disposal of the waste.
To this end, rental agreements were entered into with the claimant’s
customers. Servicing of the bins was done by sub-contractors. During
negotiations over the appointment of the defendant in 2007 as sub-contractors,
the claimant and defendant agreed to exchange information on their businesses
under a confidentiality agreement, and the defendant was subsequently
appointed as a sub-contractor. In 2012, the claimant gave notice of
termination. The defendant accessed information of the claimant’s customers
(names, addresses, contact numbers, service requirements, etc) to contact the
customers and make untrue and misleading statements about the claimant: at
[7]–[16].

106 On these facts, it is not surprising that the court in Personnel Hygiene
Services found that the customer information was confidential and that the
duty of confidentiality continued during and after the sub-contract had come
to an end: see [20] and [47]. Even though the express confidentiality
obligation was for the purposes of covering the negotiations and the parties’
evaluation of each other’s businesses, the court found that the reasonable man
would have regarded it clear that the information provided in relation to
existing customers was intended to remain confidential under the sub-contract:
at [25]. A non-user injunction was granted as there was a real risk that the
defendant would re-launch its campaign targeting the claimant’s customers: at
[52]. The non-user injunction did not amount to an unjustified restraint on
competition as it did not have the effect of preventing the defendant from
approaching the customers, provided it did not use any confidential
information when making the approach. The injunction was limited to a
specified period which was based on the court’s estimate of the latest date by
which the defendant could have been expected to discover the identity of the
claimant’s customers through publicly available sources: see [27] and [28].

107 Personnel Hygiene Services can be distinguished from the present case. The
defendant in Personnel Hygiene Services was essentially using the customer
information to contact the claimant’s customers in an effort to divert the
servicing of the claimant’s waste bins back to itself. There was also nothing
to suggest that the defendant had worked with the claimant to develop and
expand the claimant’s business of supplying waste bins.

108 The Defendants in the present case rightly submit that the Thai FB&N
producers had been purchasing products from the Plaintiff because they wanted
to use DSM products to manufacture their FB&N products. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

DCS, para 206.

If the Plaintiff was not the local distributor, it would not have been in the
position of conducting any business in respect of DSM products with those Thai
FB&N producers in the first place. It follows that after termination of the
distribution arrangement, the Plaintiff did not have any legitimate interest
in stopping the 1st Defendant from informing the FB&N producers of the change
of distributorship and where they should go if they wished to continue to use
DSM products.

109 I pause to note that the Plaintiff’s submissions referred the Court to
several foreign decisions where liability arose in connection with the copying
and/or unauthorised use of customer information. These include Robb v Green
[1895] 2 QB 1; Personal Management Solutions; and DC Payments Pty Ltd v Next
Payments Pty Ltd [2016] VSC 315 (“DC Payments”). This Court does not doubt
(and has indeed found) that customer lists can and have been held to
constitute confidential information. Indeed, there are Singapore cases such as
Tang Siew Choy v Certact Pte Ltd [1993] 1 SLR(R) 835 (“Tang Siew Choy”) in
which customer lists or customer information were found to be confidential on
the facts, but these cases do not assist the Plaintiff for the reasons briefly
set out below.

(a) In Robb v Green, the English High Court found that the names of the
employer’s customers (over the length and breadth of Great Britain) and set
out in an order-book was confidential information. The defendant employee was
held liable for copying the list of names while he was still an employee, with
the intent of using the list to compete with the employer post-employment. The
defendant, by making the copy, was already acting in breach of his duty of
fidelity to his employer even if he had not yet started to use the list to
compete with his employer. He had no right to copy his employer’s list of
customers for the purpose of competing with him at a time when he was still an
employee. But this is clearly a rather different case as compared to the
present one. The Defendants had a shared interest in developing the Thai
market for DSM products together with the Plaintiff. The recipients of the
Notice were customers for the DSM products which the Defendants had a
legitimate interest in. By using the Key Customers List to obtain the names of
those customers for the purpose of informing them of the change of
distributorship, the 1st Defendant could not be said to have made an
unauthorised use of the names such as to constitute misuse of the confidential
information encapsulated in the Key Customers List.

(b) The facts and issues in Personal Management Solutions can be distinguished
as well. The English High Court found that the information in the list had
been misused as a result of the first defendant sending a copy to the other
defendants, and because of the use of the information in discussions on
alternative insurance packages and premiums. The “interest” of the first
defendant was in essence nothing more than the fact that the insured persons
were its employees. In the present case, the Defendants’ interest arises from
the fact they are the “owners” of the DSM ingredient products. The Defendants
have the right to decide who they wish to appoint as their distributor and on
what terms. Once a distributorship was terminated, the Thai FB&N producers who
wished to continue using DSM ingredients would naturally need to either
contact the Defendants directly or their new distributor. The Plaintiff would
not be able to offer those Thai FB&N producers DSM products after the
termination of the distributorship arrangement and the expiration of any
transitional arrangements. The Plaintiff could not compete with the Defendants
for the supply of DSM products in the Thai FB&N market; it could only find
alternative manufacturers of FB&N ingredients and persuade customers to switch
from DSM products to alternative products distributed by the Plaintiff.

(c) Similarly, the other cases cited by the Plaintiff such as DC Payments and
Tang Siew Choy are distinguishable from the present facts. Those cases
involved situations where the respective plaintiffs’ confidential customer
information was sent – either inadvertently or wilfully by former employees –
to the defendants, who were each competitors of the respective plaintiffs and
made use of the customer information for a business advantage.

110 Each case must depend on its own facts and circumstances. In the present
case, it is clear that the Defendants had a legitimate and longstanding
concern with developing the Thai market which included helping the Plaintiff
develop its penetration of the market for DSM products. The Defendants, over
many years of engagement with the Plaintiff as the distributor of DSM
products, naturally had a legitimate reason for wanting and needing to inform
those Thai FB&N producers of the change of distributor. It would also not be
reasonable to expect the 1st Defendant to have deliberately ignored the Key
Customers List that it already had on hand, and to have instead proceeded to
spend time and resources figuring out the identities of the customers to whom
they would send the Notice.

111 Whilst this Court accepts that the Key Customers List amounts to
confidential information as a whole, the use established by the evidence was
nothing more than use of the names of the FB&N customers for DSM products for
the purpose of notifying them of the change in distributor. There is no
evidence showing that the Defendants revealed or used information as to what
prices the Plaintiff may have charged those customers (the mark-up) for DSM
products. Indeed, there is no information in the Key Customers List on the
Plaintiff’s mark-up and prices.

112 I note also that this was not the first time that the 1st Defendant had
reached out to the Plaintiff’s customers for DSM products. The evidence
establishes that the Plaintiff in earlier years was also the 1st Defendant’s
appointed local distributor for DSM “personal care products”. In October 2010,
the 1st Defendant notified the Plaintiff of its decision to appoint a new
local distributor for these DSM products effective from 1 January 2011. The
Plaintiff was requested to transfer back all related documents so that a
“smooth transition” could be arranged for customers who needed a continued
supply. This was followed by a notice sent on 1 January 2011 to Thai retailers
and businesses who had purchased DSM personal care products. This notice was
also addressed to “Dear Valued Customer” and set out information on the new
distributor and the relevant contact persons. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

AEIC of Mr Redman, para 21 and pp 29 and 31.

There is nothing to suggest that the Plaintiff took any issue at the time of
this change of distributorship with the 1st Defendant sending the notice to
its customers for DSM personal care products. It does not appear that any
complaint was made, or that any legal action was instituted for misuse of
confidential information. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

See DCS, paras 45–46; NOE of 18 September 2017, p 80.

113 The Plaintiff’s general position is that the Defendants had acted
“unfairly” in terminating the Distributorship arrangement on short notice, and
it makes reference to the effort expended over many years in developing the
market in Thailand for DSM products and the history of its performance. The
Defendants, in the notice to the Thai FB&N customers, accepted that the
Plaintiff had been a good partner and that the change of distributorship was
because of a change in company directions.

114 Whilst the decision of Tan Lee Meng J in Citrus World Inc v Neotrade
Marketing Pte Ltd [2000] SGHC 283 is not on all fours with the present facts,
his general observation at [45] bears setting out:

[w]hatever expectations the defendants may have had in the past about their
long-term relationship with the plaintiffs, it is common ground that … the
defendants were appointed as distributors for only one year. As such, unless
the agreement had been renewed, the plaintiffs were entitled to appoint a new
distributor in place of the defendants. Whether or not the plaintiffs had been
fair … is not relevant to the plaintiffs[’] right to appoint a new distributor
…

Likewise, in the present case, the question as to whether the Defendants had
acted fairly in deciding to change distributors is beside the point. This
action is not for wrongful termination of the distributorship. Whilst the
Plaintiff may assert that a one-month notice together with a further two-month
transitional period for orders and long-standing customers of the Plaintiff
was too short, it is clear that they do not (and indeed cannot) take the
position that the distributorship arrangement could not be terminated.

Summary of findings and conclusions

115 For clarity, I now set out a summary of the key findings of facts and
conclusions that have been addressed in the preceding paragraphs.

116 The key findings of fact relevant to the issues as pleaded and presented
to the Court are as follows:

(a) The distributorship arrangement between the parties that was acknowledged
in a letter dated 31 July 2005 was not an exclusive distributorship. Under the
distributorship arrangement, the 1st Defendant determined which DSM products
the Plaintiff had rights to sell as the local distributor in Thailand. Whilst
the Plaintiff had rights to sell a broad range of DSM FB&N ingredients, there
were some which were assigned to other distributors. The Defendants could and
did re-allocate DSM products to different distributors from time to time.
Orders placed by the Plaintiff for DSM products were subject to the 1st
Defendant’s standard terms and conditions. There were no express terms on the
termination of the distributorship arrangement.

(b) Throughout the history of the relationship between the parties, there were
regular meetings during which quarterly reports were presented and discussions
held regarding matters such as the Plaintiff’s performance, problems that had
been encountered, developments in the Thai market and new products or entrants
into the Thai FB&N market. The 1st Defendant set annual performance targets
for the Plaintiff.

(c) Whilst the Plaintiff was the local distributor and had incurred
considerable expenses and put in sustained effort over the years to develop
its business and the market for DSM products in Thailand, the Defendants also
committed time and resources to work with the Plaintiff towards this end.
Apart from its involvement in discussions on market developments including
problems with supply and costs, the Defendants also participated at some FB&N
product exhibitions and made presentations to specific Thai FB&N producers.
The Defendants had a legitimate and sustained interest in monitoring (both in
general terms and specifically in respect of the Plaintiff’s performance),
understanding and interacting with the Thai market.

(d) The 1st Defendant acquired a good deal of knowledge on the Thai market
including the identities of the main Thai FB&N producers who were customers
for DSM ingredients. This information was acquired over a period of time from
a variety of sources, including: (a) quarterly reports; (b) quarterly meetings
and discussions with the Plaintiff; (c) attendance at FB&N ingredient
exhibitions in Thailand; (d) meetings/presentations with FB&N producers; (e)
meetings with FB&N producers and requests for bespoke premixes; and (f) market
intelligence reports.

(e) Prior to the parties entering into the Confidentiality Agreement, at or
around end-October 2013, the parties did not have a written confidentiality
agreement. Exchanges of information at quarterly meetings and reports provided
by the Plaintiff were not marked as confidential.

(f) At the time that the Key Customers List was prepared and handed to the 1st
Defendant, the Confidentiality Agreement was operative and in force. The Key
Customers List bore a confidentiality mark when it was sent to the 1st
Defendant.

(g) The Key Customers List set out the names of 42 key customers, and the
types, applications and quantities of products they ordered per quarter. The
Key Customers List did not set out the addresses or contact details of the
customers, or the names of contact persons. The Key Customers List (as well as
the Ongoing Projects List) does not set out any information on the prices or
mark-ups charged by the Plaintiff.

(h) Whilst the 1st Defendant (together with the 2nd Defendant) would have been
able to construct a list of the Plaintiff’s customers for DSM products in
Thailand through the sources of information set out in (d) above, time and
effort would have been required to do this. There were many other Thai
distributors of FB&N ingredients such as Rama, with their own lists of key
customers of FB&N ingredients, and whilst there may have been overlaps between
the lists, the lists of key customers for the different distributors were
unlikely to be the same.

(i) The 1st Defendant may have used the names of the customers in the Key
Customers List to identify the Thai producers to whom the notice of change of
distributorship was to be sent to, but the information on the contact persons
and addresses (or e-mail addresses) was likely to have been taken from other
sources including the records of the 1st Defendant and Rama. Whilst there was
no evidence on this point, I note that trade directories and the Internet are
also possible sources for detailed addressing information. There is no
evidence suggesting that the 1st Defendant used any other information in the
Key Customers List, such as the estimated quantities of products ordered by
each customer. Whilst it was intended for Rama to replace the Plaintiff as the
local distributor of DSM ingredients, Rama’s appointment was short-lived and
terminated after several months.

117 On the basis of the factual findings as summarised above, the conclusions
I have arrived at in respect of the Plaintiff’s claim for unauthorised use of
confidential information can be summarised as follows:

(a) The mere fact that there was no written agreement or express term of
confidentiality imposed under the distributorship arrangement does not mean
that no implied term of confidentiality or equitable obligations of
confidentiality existed. Whether any information provided was confidential and
caught by an implied or equitable duty of confidentiality depends on the facts
and the general principles on the law of confidence as summarised earlier.

(b) Whilst many of the component items of information in the Key Customers
List were available from public sources or from the 1st Defendant’s own
sources, the information contained therein as a whole was not readily
available to the public. The Key Customers List as a whole contained useful
information of some commercial value. The 1st Defendant may have been able to
produce a similar list, but this would have taken some time bearing in mind
that the list was not just a simple list of the names of the FB&N customers.
On balance, I accept that the Key Customers List was a product of work, time
and effort sufficient to make the list confidential as a whole, even though
some or many of the component parts were in the public domain.

(c) Given the above factors, as well as the fact that the Key Customers List
bore a confidentiality mark (which, while not dispositive, is an indication of
the parties’ intention to treat the information as confidential), I find that
the Key Customers List constituted confidential information that was covered
by the Confidentiality Agreement and relevant principles of equity. To use the
language of equity, the Key Customers List as a whole possessed the necessary
quality of confidence.

(d) The question as to whether the Defendants made an unauthorised use of the
confidential information requires that the Court bear in mind the nature,
scope and reason why the Key Customers List is confidential. This is important
since the only information used from the Key Customers List (or, for that
matter, any other documents containing Customer Information) in sending out
the Notice was the names of the customers. Where information is confidential
only because of its collocation or compilation as a whole, it stands to reason
that misuse only occurs if the defendant is shown to have used that
collocation or compilation as a whole. Further, even if the Defendant is shown
to have made use of a relevant part of the confidential information, it must
still be shown that the use was unauthorised.

(e) Any use of the Key Customers List made by the Plaintiff was not
unauthorised. Under the Confidentiality Agreement, confidential information
provided was to be used only for the purposes of “the distribution
arrangement”. In my view, the use of the customer names for the purposes of
notifying them of the change of distributorship is in connection with and
falls within the purposes of the said distribution arrangement.

(f) It follows that the Plaintiff’s claim against the Defendants for
unauthorised use of confidential information in respect of the Notice fails.

(g) Although it is not necessary for me to decide, I nonetheless express the
view that there is no basis for finding the 2nd Defendant liable for any
misuse of confidential information by the 1st Defendant. The Notice was sent
out by the 1st Defendant and not by the 2nd Defendant. There is insufficient
evidence to establish that the Key Customers List was handed to the 2nd
Defendant, or if that had taken place, whether the 2nd Defendant had any role
in the use of the Key Customers List or other Customer Information to send out
the Notice. I acknowledge the fact the 1st Defendant is under the corporate
control of the 2nd Defendant, as well as the role played by DSM Group’s
corporate legal counsel in the termination of the distributorship, 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PCS, paras 106–107; NOE of 22 September 2017, p 115.

but this is not sufficient in my opinion. The main point, of course, is that
the 1st Defendant’s use of the Key Customers List did not in any event amount
to an unauthorised use.

Conclusion

118 This is a case where the parties enjoyed a long commercial relationship,
during which they shared the common interest and goal of supplying DSM
ingredients in the Thai FB&N market. The more FB&N customers the Plaintiff was
able to obtain orders from for DSM ingredients, the more orders it was able to
place in turn with the 1st Defendant. Developing the market depended on a host
of factors including: (i) the reputation and quality of DSM products; (ii) the
marketing efforts of the Plaintiff; (iii) the reliability of the supply chain
(deliveries, etc); (iv) the cost and price of DSM ingredients; and (v) the
general support of the Defendants in the marketing efforts.

119 The core finding of this Court is that whilst the Key Customers List
constituted or contained confidential information, the Plaintiff’s claim fails
on the ground that the Defendants did not make any unauthorised use of the
confidential information. Given the nature of the distributorship arrangement
and the dealings between the parties, the Plaintiff must have contemplated and
understood that upon termination, the 1st Defendant would have a genuine need
to inform Thai FB&N customers of DSM ingredients of the change in
distributorship by way of the Notice. There is insufficient basis to find that
the Defendants used any other confidential information.

120 For these reasons, I dismiss the Plaintiff’s action. I also order that the
costs of the proceedings be agreed or taxed, and paid by the Plaintiff to the
Defendants.

121 Finally, whilst this case was fought hard, I take this opportunity to
record the Court’s gratitude to learned counsel for the overall manner of
conduct of the trial and for their helpful submissions.

George Wei  
Judge

Lin Weiqi Wendy, Liu Zhao Xiang and Mehaerun Simaa (WongPartnership LLP) for
the plaintiff;  
Ramesh Kumar s/o Ramasamy and Tseng Zhi Cheng, Sean Douglas (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

