Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2018] SGHCR 15

Suit No 94 of 2018 (Summons No 3510 of 2018)

Between

I-Lab Engineering Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Shriro (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Building and construction law] – [Suspension of performance] – [Right to
recover loss or expenses]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
I-Lab Engineering Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Shriro (Singapore) Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHCR 15

High Court — Suit No 94 of 2018 (Summons No 3510 of 2018)  
Elton Tan Xue Yang AR  
20, 21, 25 September, 9 October 2018; 19 October 2018

7 November 2018 Judgment reserved.

Elton Tan Xue Yang AR:

Introduction

1 The right to suspend the carrying out of construction work under s 26(1) of
the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006
Rev Ed) (“the Act”) is a powerful coercive measure available to a contractor
who faces difficulties in extracting payment from its employer even after an
adjudication determination has been rendered in its favour. While a contractor
can enforce an adjudication determination as a judgment debt against an
employer pursuant to s 27(1) of the Act, its exercise of the right to suspend
has implications that are immediate and impossible for its recalcitrant
paymaster to ignore. The suspension inevitably impacts the progress of the
construction project and exposes the employer to consequential liabilities for
delays: see 26(2)(b) of the Act. By discouraging non-payment or late payment
of adjudicated amounts, the right to suspend strengthens the statutory
adjudication scheme and serves as a compelling reminder to employers that it
is better to pay now and argue later.

2 The right to recover loss or expenses incurred by the contractor as a result
of the removal by the employer of any part of the work from the contract
during the period of suspension under s 26(3) of the Act is ancillary to the
right to suspend works. It is part of a broader allocation of rights and
liabilities within s 26 that supports the right to suspend works but which
ensures, at the same time, that the boundaries of that right are suitably
circumscribed. The application before me is to strike out a counterclaim by a
sub-contractor for recovery of such loss or expenses. The central question in
the application concerns the meaning of “loss or expenses” within s 26(3);
specifically, whether in the context of the statute it entitles a sub-
contractor to claim the full contract price for the works removed, or if it
only permits damages for the usual measure of loss. Neither this issue nor the
necessary background of the right to suspend works under s 26(1) appears to
have been the subject of prior consideration, and I therefore examine these
matters within these written grounds.

Facts

The Project

3 The Plaintiff, I-Lab Engineering Private Limited, is a sub-contractor of the
project titled “Proposed Development of an Integrated Regional Hospital, a
Community Hospital and Specialist Outpatient Clinics comprising of 2 Basement
& 2 Basement Mezzanine, 1 no. of 4 Storey Podium, 2 nos. of 10 Storey General
Hospital Block, 1 no. of 10 Storey Community Hospital and 1 no. of 10-Storey
Specialist Outpatient Clinics on Lot 02019N PT & 02466A PT MK21 at Sengkang
East Way / Sengkang East Road / Anchorvale Street (Sengkang Planning Area)”
(“the Project”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 1.

4 The Defendant, Shriro (Singapore) Pte Ltd, is the Plaintiff’s sub-contractor
for air-conditioning and mechanical ventilation (“ACMV”) and electrical
installation works in the Project (“the Sub-Contract Works”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 2.

The parties’ contractual relationship commenced when the Plaintiff issued a
letter of award to the Defendant on 30 September 2015, regarding the supply,
delivery, installation, testing and commissioning, maintenance and warranty of
the ACMV and electrical installation works for operation theatres, procedure
rooms and integrated mechanical and electrical systems for the Project (“the
Sub-Contract”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 7.

The Sub-Contract provided for lump sum payment of $10,650,000 to the
Defendant, with an option for a further agreement to provide maintenance
services for an additional lump sum of $1,330,000. The Defendant signed the
letter of award a day after its issuance. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 7.

Delays in the Sub-Contract Works

5 According to the Plaintiff, the Defendant suffered from significant cash
flow problems from the outset of the Project and therefore could not pay for
the costs of carrying out the Sub-Contract Works in a manner that allowed
those works to proceed on time. The Plaintiff alleges that the Defendant’s
financial problems were so serious that it had repeatedly asked the Plaintiff
for assistance to enable it to continue with the Sub-Contract Works. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at paras 11 and 12.

To that end, the Plaintiff had agreed, amongst other things, to help the
Defendant procure workers and suppliers and to make the necessary payment on
behalf of the Defendant, which would subsequently reimburse the Plaintiff by
way of back-charges or set-offs against amounts due to the Defendant under the
monthly progress payments. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 36.

6 The Defendant entirely denies that its alleged cash flow problems affected
the progress of the Sub-Contract Works. It was in fact at all material times
capable of undertaking and completing the Sub-Contract Works in a timely
manner. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 7.

According to the Defendant, the blame in fact lies at the door of the
Plaintiff. It was the delays on site caused by the Plaintiff and/or its sub-
contractors that impeded the progress of the Sub-Contract Works. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 8(r).

In its pleadings, the Defendant identifies numerous alleged clashes between
the works of various sub-contractors and the Sub-Contract Works that resulted
in the Defendant’s inability to complete its works on time. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at paras 8(s) and (t).

The cost of any additional workers that had to be supplied in order to
accelerate the Sub-Contract Works, so the Defendant argues, should therefore
be borne by the Plaintiff. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 8(v).

The adjudication

7 On 10 October 2017, the Defendant lodged an adjudication application against
the Plaintiff for the amount claimed in the Defendant’s Payment Claim No. 19.
It is not disputed that the Plaintiff did not serve a valid payment response
and it was therefore precluded under s 15(3) of the Act from providing reasons
for withholding payment in its adjudication response. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Affidavit of Bernard Mao Chuo Wang dated 31 July 2018 (“Mao’s affidavit”) at
para 10; affidavit of Ang Tiong Beng dated 21 August 2018 (“Ang’s affidavit”)
at para 21.

8 In an adjudication determination dated 13 November 2017 (“the Adjudication
Determination”), the adjudicator directed the Plaintiff to pay the Defendant
the sum of $2,467,343.54 (including GST) (“the Adjudicated Sum”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mao’s affidavit at para 22; Ang’s affidavit at para 16.

Thereafter, the Plaintiff attempted unsuccessfully to set aside the
Adjudication Determination. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mao’s affidavit at para 27.

Works carried out during suspension

9 From 28 December 2017 to 12 February 2018 (“the Suspension Period”), the
Defendant suspended its works pending payment of the Adjudicated Sum, in
purported reliance on s 26 of the Act. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 8(s) item 35.

10 According to the Defendant, during the Suspension Period, the Plaintiff
proceeded to carry out various works falling within the scope of the Sub-
Contract Works, namely, (a) testing and commissioning works for 30 air
handling units (“the AHUs”) (“the AHU Works”); (b) third party testing and
commissioning works for “Level 2, Pods 1 to 3” and “Level 3, Pod 1 and Pod 6”
(“the Third Party Testing and Commissioning Works”); and (c) physical works
for installation of fan coil units at level 4, installation of “additional F11
for dark spots at Level 4” and replacement of “faulty and missing VSD at Level
4” (“the Physical Works”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 97 item 3.

11 The Plaintiff does not deny that it carried out the Third Party Testing and
Commissioning Works and the Physical Works (save that it contends that the
replacement of “faulty and missing VSD at Level 4” does not form part of the
Sub-Contract Works). In respect of the AHU Works, the Plaintiff’s position is
that it did not carry out performance tests for three specified AHUs and “did
not carry out nor omit” the testing and commissioning works for the electrical
and the building management systems works for the AHUs. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Reply & Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at para 33.

12 For convenience – and making no finding with respect to the exact nature of
the works carried out by the Plaintiff during the Suspension Period – I will
refer to the works allegedly taken out of the scope of the Sub-Contract Works
by the Plaintiff during the Suspension Period as “the Omitted Works”.

Proceedings

Commencement of the Suit

13 On 30 January 2018, the Plaintiff commenced Suit No 94 of 2018 (“the Suit”)
against the Defendant. The claims brought by the Plaintiff are numerous and
the total claimed amount is $6,396,612.81 as well as damages to be assessed
for loss incurred by the Plaintiff as a result of the delays in the completion
of the Sub-Contract Works. By the Plaintiff’s calculation, the delays amount
to “169 days as at 27 March 2018 (and running)”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 154.

14 For present purposes, it suffices to note that one of the Plaintiff’s
claims concerns the works that it carried out during the Suspension Period.
The Plaintiff alleges that the “direct result” of the Defendant’s suspension
of works was that it “had to incur costs and expense to carry out those
portions of the Sub-Contract Works which the Defendant was supposed to carry
out during the Suspension Period but did not”. It seeks a declaration that the
Omitted Works are therefore properly removed from the scope of the Sub-
Contract Works and thus the Defendant is “not entitled to claim any sums from
the Plaintiff in connection with the [Omitted Works]”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 132.

Counterclaim for Omitted Works

15 The Defendant denies the Plaintiff’s entitlement to a declaration regarding
the Omitted Works. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 79.

It has in turn filed a counterclaim against the Plaintiff, one aspect of which
concerns the Omitted Works. The Defendant alleges that the Plaintiff was not
permitted to remove the Omitted Works from the Defendant’s scope of works
under the Sub-Contract, and that by so doing the Defendant was “prevented by
the Plaintiff from completing its obligations under the Sub-Contract”. The
Defendant claims “losses, expenses and/or damages” arising from the
Plaintiff’s actions in this regard, relying on s 26(3) of the Act as the
statutory basis for the claim. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 97.

Crucially, the Defendant “avers that the Plaintiff is not entitled to omit the
[Omitted Works] and the Defendant … is entitled to the full contract sum”
[emphasis added]. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 98.

I shall refer to this aspect of the Defendant’s counterclaim as the
“Counterclaim for Omitted Works”.

16 In reply, the Plaintiff asserts that the Defendant is “not entitled to be
paid for works which it did not carry out”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Reply & Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at para 34.

The Striking Out Application

17 On 31 July 2018, the Plaintiff filed Summons No 3510 of 2018 (“the Striking
Out Application”), seeking to strike out 12 paragraphs of the Counterclaim.
Two of those paragraphs (ie, paras 97 and 98 of the Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No. 2)) pertain to the Counterclaim for Omitted Works.

18 I heard the parties on 20, 21 and 25 September 2018. On 9 October 2018, I
delivered my decision on the Striking Out Application save in respect of the
Plaintiff’s attempt to strike out the Counterclaim for Omitted Works, in
relation to which I directed parties to tender further written submissions. I
will now briefly describe the arguments put before me on whether the
Counterclaim for Omitted Works ought to be struck out. It suffices for me to
provide an outline at this juncture and I will further describe the parties’
submissions in the subsequent analysis as appropriate.

Parties’ submissions

19 The Plaintiff’s complaint regarding the Counterclaim for Omitted Works is
straightforward – it is that s 26(3) of the Act does not “give credence” to
the Defendant’s position that it is entitled to “be paid for work which it did
not carry out”. The provision “clearly does not give any basis for the
Defendant to claim the full contract price for each item of the work which it
did not carry out and which was carried out by the Plaintiff” [underline in
original]. The Plaintiff further submits that “[a]s the Defendant chose not to
and did not in fact carry out the [Omitted Works], it incurred no cost and
suffered no loss in respect of works it did not carry out”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions (17 September 2018) at paras 184 and 185.

On this basis, the Plaintiff argues that the Counterclaim for Omitted Works as
pleaded “does not disclose any cause of action”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions (17 September 2018) at para 182.

20 The Defendant contends that it is “entitled to the full contract sum”
because s 26(3) of the Act permits it to claim “losses, expenses and/or
damages arising from the removal of the Defendant from the [Sub-Contract] or
any part of the [Sub-Contract Works] during the [Suspension Period]”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s written submissions (19 September 2018) at para 87.

21 During the course of the hearing, it became clear that the parties differed
on their understanding of what a party was entitled to claim under s 26(3) of
the Act; specifically, whether the Defendant was entitled to claim the “full
contract sum” in respect of the Omitted Works as “loss of expenses” within the
meaning of s 26(3) of the Act. The further written submissions tendered by the
parties were therefore directed toward this issue, which the parties agreed
had not previously been the subject of judicial determination in Singapore. In
my judgment, it is necessary to begin with an overview of the regime under s
26 as necessary background for examining the scope of the right under s 26(3).

The right to suspend work

22 The right to suspend the carrying out of construction work or the supply of
goods and services under a construction contract arose, as a matter of
conception, from the recommendation of Sir Michael Latham in his report
Constructing the Team: Final Report of the Government/Industry Review of
Procurement and Contractual Arrangements in the UK Construction Industry
(HMSO, 1994) (“the Latham Report”). The Latham Report was commissioned
pursuant to the Joint Review of Procurement and Contractual Arrangements in
the UK Construction Industry in order to resolve problems faced by the
construction industry. It has been described as the product of a “heroic
effort” by Sir Michael Latham (see United Kingdom, House of Lords,
Parliamentary Debates (20 February 1996) vol 569 at col 1005 (Viscount
Ullswater)) which has since culminated in the enactment of the Housing Grants,
Construction and Regeneration Act 1996 (c. 53) (“the UK Act”). The Latham
Report and the UK Act have inspired the creation of similar legislative
schemes in other jurisdictions, including ours, but with adaptations to cater
to domestic policies on the construction industry. As will be explained, this
has extended to variations on the scope and extent of the right to suspend
works, which is a crucial component of all these legislative schemes.

Operation of the right

23 Section 26(1) of the Act provides:

Right to suspend work or supply

26.– (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a claimant may suspend the
carrying out of construction work, or the supply of goods or services, under a
contract if, and only if –

(a) the claimant has served on the respondent the notice referred to in
section 23(1)(b);

(b) a copy of the notice has been served by the claimant on the principal (if
known) and the owner concerned;

(c) 7 days have elapsed since the notice was served on the respondent, the
principal (if known) and the owner, or since the last of them was served the
notice; and

(d) the claimant has not been paid the adjudicated amount.

24 By way of explanation, s 23(1)(b) of the Act establishes that where a
respondent in an adjudication has failed to pay the whole or any part of the
adjudicated amount to the successful claimant within the time stipulated, the
claimant may serve on the respondent a notice in writing of the claimant’s
intention to suspend its carrying out of the works. That is one precondition
to the right to suspend work under s 26(1). Once that notice has been served
on the respondent and a copy thereof has been served on the principal (if
known) and the owner, the claimant is permitted to suspend work after the
passage of seven days and in the continued absence of payment of the
adjudicated amount by the respondent.

Rationale for the right

25 On 16 November 2004, at the Second Reading of the Building and Construction
Industry Security of Payment Bill (Bill 54 of 2004) (“the Bill”), then-
Minister of State for National Development Mr Cedric Foo Chee Keng (“the
Minister”) explained the circumstances in which the Bill had been designed and
why it urgently required Parliament’s attention (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (16 November 2004) vol 78 (“Singapore Parliamentary
Debates”) at col 1112). The construction industry at the time was facing a
serious downturn with a substantial decrease in demand for works. The problem
was exacerbated by an increase in the number of contractors entering the
market. The result of this unfortunate confluence of circumstances was an
increasing struggle by construction firms to stay afloat, with sub-contractors
and suppliers suffering the trickle-down effects of delayed payment for work
done and materials supplied. The Minister observed that the failure to make
prompt payment was essentially crippling these downstream entities. He placed
especial emphasis on one particular constraining factor (see Singapore
Parliamentary Debates at col 1113): “The parties who have not been paid for
work done are also not permitted to suspend works. In some instances, they are
also required to pay liquidated damages if they suspend work.” [emphasis
added]

26 The measures in the Bill were therefore introduced as a form of life
support for these sub-contractors and suppliers by facilitating a continued
flow of progress payments. The Minister further explained (see Singapore
Parliamentary Debates at cols 1113 and 1117):

The [Security of Payments] Bill will preserve the rights to payment for work
done and goods supplied of all the parties in the construction industry. It
also facilitates cash flow by establishing a fast and low cost adjudication
system to resolve payment disputes. Affected parties will have the right to
suspend work or withhold the supply of goods and services, if the adjudicated
amount is not paid in full or not paid at all.

…

Sir, to expedite cashflow, the respondent has up to seven days after the
adjudicator’s decision to pay the claimant the adjudicated amount. Otherwise,
the claimant can suspend work or stop supply. A supplier may also exercise a
lien on unfixed goods supplied under the contract, if the goods have not been
paid. In addition, the claimant can file the adjudicated amount as a judgment
debt in court.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

27 Similar statutory rights to suspend works have been enacted in other
jurisdictions which possess legislative schemes for adjudication of
construction disputes. The contours of these statutory rights differ according
to each jurisdiction’s favoured philosophy regarding the extent to which
suspension as a self-help remedy ought to be made available to ailing
contractors and suppliers. I suggest that in the context of the Act, the right
to suspend works strengthens the adjudication regime in three principal ways:

(a) First, it represents a necessary but controlled departure from the
position on suspension of works at common law which, if retained, would cause
the statutory adjudication scheme to lose much of its effectiveness.

(b) Second, if exercised, it has the potential to act as a powerful source of
pressure on respondents to make prompt payment of adjudicated amounts,
therefore aiding the enforcement of adjudication determinations.

(c) Third, it encourages conformity with other requirements of the statutory
scheme, giving teeth to the statutory scheme as a whole.

Departure from the position at common law

28 Legally speaking, the significance of enacting a statutory right to suspend
work lies in the major departure from the position at common law that such a
right represents. The Minister alluded to the prevailing state of the law when
he mentioned that prior to the Bill, sub-contractors who had not been paid for
work done were not permitted to suspend work, and that if they did so they
might be liable to pay liquidated damages (see [25] above).

29 Mere months before Parliament convened to consider the Bill, V K Rajah JC
(as he then was) observed in Jia Min Building Construction Pte Ltd v Ann Lee
Pte Ltd [2004] 3 SLR(R) 288 (“Jia Min”) at [55] that it is “settled law that a
contractor/sub-contractor has no general right at common law to suspend work
unless this is expressly agreed upon. This is so even if payment is wrongly
withheld”. The general lack of entitlement of a contractor to suspend work
pending payment also has to be seen in light of the fact – as Rajah JC
observed in an earlier part of his judgment – that delay per se in making
progress payments under a construction contract will not ordinarily amount to
repudiation, allowing the contractor to stop works. Absent specific
contractual terms in this regard, “the failure by an employer or a contractor
to make payments in accordance with the contract will not usually exonerate
the contractor or sub-contractor from its obligations to proceed with its
work” – it is only in circumstances where failure to pay is “grave enough to
amount to a repudiation” that the innocent party will have the option whether
to accept the repudiation and terminate the contract or to affirm the contract
by proceeding with it: Jia Min at [45]. The corollary is that a contractor may
find itself in a distinctly unenviable situation, where it is compelled to
continue works although cash flow from the employer or main contractor is not
immediately forthcoming. As observed in Chow Kok Fong, Security of Payments
and Construction Adjudication (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013) (“Chow Kok Fong”) at
paras 18.54 and 18.55, “in practice, this may effectively require the
aggrieved contractor to put up with the employer’s payment defaults over a
fairly long period before the default could be construed as amounting to
repudiation. … [In addition] the case for repudiation cannot always be made
with confidence and the other party may be expected to counterclaim for
wrongful abandonment of the works.”

30 It is easy to see that if the position at common law were preserved, the
utility of having an adjudication determination in one’s favour would be
severely diminished. A contractor would be compelled to continue its works for
a main contractor or employer that has persistently refused to make progress
payments, even after the adjudicator has found that such non-payment was
unjustified. The result would be the continued depletion of the contractor’s
funds. It was therefore necessary to create a right to suspend works, which
would enable the contractor to immediately stem the outflow of funds and hence
preserve its financial position. Accordingly, this departure from the position
under the common law was essential to achieve Parliament’s aim of alleviating
the difficulties faced by downstream entities.

Creating pressure on respondents to pay up

31 Section 26(2) of the Act provides:

(2) During the period of suspension exercised in accordance with subsection
(1) –

(a) the claimant is not liable to the respondent, the principal or the owner
for any loss or damage suffered by the respondent, the principal or the owner,
respectively, or by any person claiming through or under the respondent, the
principal or the owner; and

(b) the respondent, the principal and the owner shall have no claim against
the claimant for any loss or damage suffered as a result of the suspension,
but the principal and the owner may recover liquidated damages or any other
remedy from the respondent pursuant to any contract or under any law.

32 Put shortly, s 26(2) renders a claimant sub-contractor immune from claims
by the main contractor, principal or owner that might otherwise be brought
against it for its decision to suspend works, but opens the respondent main
contractor to potential claims from the principal or owner. The statutory
arrangements therefore introduce what has been described as a “double whammy”
for main contractors who default in payment of adjudicated sums – they
“continue to remain exposed for claims for liquidated damages or damages in
common law for delay but cannot foist or shift any of the same on the sub-
contractor or supplier who suspends work under the Act”: WongPartnership,
Annotated Guide to the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment
Act 2004 (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2004) at p149. The “liability for the
disruption caused to the project by the suspension is thus laid squarely on
the respondent on account of his failure to pay the adjudicated amount”: Chow
Kok Fong at para 18.74.

33 In a sense, the reference in s 26(2)(b) to the ability of the principal and
the owner to “recover liquidated damages or any other remedy from the
respondent pursuant to any contract or under any law” is not so much an
attempt to create a new source of liability for main contractors (it does not)
as much as it is a clarification that existing avenues of recourse by
principals and owners against main contractors are preserved. But it is
evident in any case that Parliament’s intention in so wording the section was
two-fold: first, to draw a clear distinction between the risk exposures of
sub-contractors and main contractors upon the exercise of the right to
suspend; and second, to issue a warning to the latter group that they would
have little to gain and potentially much to lose from failing to pay
adjudicated sums promptly.

Encouraging conformity with the statutory regime

34 The right to suspend work for non-payment of the adjudicated amount,
coupled with the exposure to potential liability under s 26(2)(b), creates a
powerful disincentive for main contractors and employers not only from
refusing to make payment of adjudicated sums, but also from refraining to
participate in the process outlined in the Act. This is for the simple reason
that a main contractor who refuses, for instance, to provide payment responses
under s 11(1) of the Act, to include reasons for withholding payment in its
payment response under s 11(3), or to submit adjudication responses under s
15(1) may find itself at the losing end of an adjudication determination, and
accordingly suffer the risk of the sub-contractor suspending works. That would
in turn expose the main contractor to possible claims by the principal and
owner for delays in completion.

35 Accordingly, the potency of the right to suspend works encourages full and
proper participation by main contractors in the statutory scheme, including
the process of adjudication. Employers and main contractors may see more
benefit in properly defending themselves before the adjudicator and avoiding a
loss in the adjudication altogether, rather than ignoring the sub-contractor’s
recourse to the statutory mechanism and thereafter enduring the threat of
suspension as well as the need to make payment of the adjudicated sum to the
sub-contractor and the trouble of commencing litigation or arbitration to
recover that sum.

The right to recover loss or expenses resulting from the removal of works
during suspension

Operation of the right

36 I now turn to the right under s 26(3) of the Act to recover loss or
expenses incurred by a contractor during the period of suspension following
the removal by the main contractor of part of the sub-contract works. That is
a subsidiary right that must be understood in light of the justification for
the primary right to suspend works in s 26(1), as described above.

37 Section 26(3) of the Act provides as follows:

(3) If the claimant, in exercising the right to suspend the carrying out of
construction work or the supply of goods or services in accordance with
subsection (1), incurs any loss or expenses as a result of the removal by the
respondent from the contract of any part of the work or supply –

(a) the respondent is liable to pay the claimant the amount of any such loss
or expenses; and

(b) any such loss or expenses may be recovered by the claimant as a debt due
from the respondent.

38 Together, sections 26(2) (as described at [31]–[33] above) and (3) contain
an intricate allocation of parallel rights, defences and liabilities that
support the primary right in s 26(1). As described earlier, s 26(2)
essentially inoculates a sub-contractor who has succeeded in the adjudication
from liability: s 26(2)(a) specifically negates the existence of such
liability, and s 26(2)(b) negates the bringing of a claim against it while
explicitly earmarking the main contractor as a potential target for claims by
the principal and the owner. Alongside the statutory defence for the sub-
contractor in s 26(2), s 26(3)(a) additionally grants the sub-contractor a
statutory right, namely, to recover loss or expenses that the sub-contractor
incurs as a result of the main contractor removing any part of the work or
supply from the scope of the sub-contract. Section 26(3)(b) goes further to
specify the means by which this right may be enforced. The sub-contractor may
recover such loss or expenses as a debt due from the main contractor.

Rationale for the right

39 From one point of view – much like the recognition of the continued
enforceability of the principal’s and owner’s rights against the respondent in
s 26(2)(b) – the right to recover loss or expenses following the removal of
works from the sub-contract (which is sometimes referred to as “omitting” or
“descoping” works from the sub-contract) in s 26(3) is simply a codification
of the existing legal position. The reason is that there is no general right
to omit works from a construction contract. Such omission is only permitted
pursuant to a contractual power to vary works, and that power to vary works by
way of omission is itself hedged about by constraints under the common law. As
observed in Chow Kok Fong, Law and Practice of Construction Contracts vol 1
(Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2012) (“Construction Contracts”) at para 5.108, the
power to omit work from a contract must be “exercised bona fide, for the
purpose of the works, either because the omitted part of the work is found to
be no longer required or has to be substituted. … [I]n the absence of clearly
drafted express provisions to the contrary, a power to omit work cannot be
exercised where the purpose is to arrange for the work omitted from the
contract to be undertaken by another contractor at a lower price or to prevent
the contractor from carrying out the work under the original terms of the
contract.”

40 In the context of the Act, however, the right to recover loss or expenses
for omission of works takes on particular significance because, as a
subsidiary right, its purpose and function is inherently tied to that of the
right to suspend works under s 26(1). This can be seen from the fact that the
s 26(3) right can only be exercised in relation to works removed during the
period of suspension initiated by the sub-contractor pursuant to s 26(1). The
s 26(3) right therefore serves to ensure that the exercise of the s 26(1)
right remains meaningful. While a sub-contractor faced with the removal of
sub-contract works during the period of suspension may plausibly allege that
based on the common law, the omission of the works already constitutes an
invalid exercise of the main contractor’s contractual power to vary the sub-
contract, “by stating explicitly [in s 26(3)] that the [sub-contractor] is
entitled to be compensated for any loss or expense incurred, the [sub-
contractor] is afforded a more direct course of action against the [main
contractor]”: Chow Kok Fong at Chapter 18, p 875, footnote 64. But apart from
the directness of the statutory remedy, I suggest the function of the right
under s 26(3) can be explained in the following two ways.

41 First, if a main contractor were permitted to remove works from the scope
of the sub-contract during the period of suspension without having to provide
recompense, the sub-contractor’s right to suspend works would lose much of its
attractiveness. Faced with such a possibility, the sub-contractor would be
wary of ever exercising the right to suspend, for fear that the main
contractor might direct a third party to carry out the outstanding sub-
contract works during that period or carry them out by itself, while
refraining from making suitable payment to the sub-contractor. It would be
entirely inconceivable if the main contractor were in a better position with
regard to the consequences of its removal of works from the scope of the sub-
contract during the period of suspension under the Act than if it were to
remove such works under normal circumstances, and s 26(3) puts it beyond doubt
that no such advantage accrues to the main contractor.

42 Second, a main contractor that unilaterally removes works from the scope of
the sub-contract without penalty would, in essence, be bypassing the
suspension of works and thwarting the legislative intent behind the right to
suspend. The main contractor would effectively be eliminating the sanction
imposed on it for its non-payment of the adjudicated sum. Chow Kok Fong
explains at para 18.76 that s 26(3) was “thus inserted in the Act to ensure
that the [main contractor] does not circumvent the effect of s 26(1) by this
route”. Likewise, in the New South Wales Supreme Court decision of Urban
Traders Pty Ltd v Paul Michael Pty Ltd [2009] NSWSC 1072 (“Urban Traders”),
McDougall J observed, in relation to s 27(1) of the New South Wales Building
and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 1999 (“the NSW Act”) – which
is in pari materia to s 26(1) of our Act – as follows (at [77]):

… The right to suspend work [under s 27(1) of the NSW Act] would lose much of
its efficacy if a proprietor could, with impunity and without cost, react to
the suspension by withdrawing the work from the builder. Thus, s 27(2A) [which
is in pari materia to s 26(3) of our Act] gives the builder a right to recover
losses or expenses incurred as a result of the removal of any work; and s
13(3)(a) means that those losses or expenses can be made the subject of a
payment claim and, in the event of dispute, an adjudication application.
[emphasis added]

“Loss or expenses” within the meaning of s 26(3)

43 I now turn to the central question in the Plaintiff’s application to strike
out the Counterclaim for Omitted Works. In my judgment, there are cogent and
convincing reasons why the Defendant’s allegation that the right to recover
loss or expenses under s 26(3) of the Act extends, as a rule, to the “full
contract sum” (see [15] above) is insupportable. That interpretation of “loss
or expenses” within the meaning of s 26(3) is neither consistent with
statutory intention nor sound in principle.

Inconsistency with general remedial principles

44 To begin, if the Defendant were right, it would essentially be able to
obtain payment for work that it had not done. Despite not having completed the
Sub-Contract Works, it would be entitled to seek remuneration under the Sub-
Contract for the Omitted Works. That is entirely inconsistent with normal
remedial principles.

45 In Parkview Constructions Pty Ltd v Sydney Civil Excavations Pte Ltd & anor
[2009] NSWSC 61, a decision of the New South Wales Supreme Court, the
plaintiff project manager entered into a contract for excavation works to be
carried out by the defendant. The defendant served a payment claim on the
plaintiff, which responded with a payment schedule for a lesser amount. The
defendant lodged an adjudication application and thereafter issued a notice of
intention to suspend the works pursuant to s 16(2)(b) of the NSW Act, which
allows a claimant to serve notice of its intention to suspend carrying out
construction work where a respondent has failed to pay amounts indicated in
its payment schedule. On the same day, the plaintiff acknowledged receipt of
the notice to suspend and itself issued a notice purporting to terminate the
contract. A first round of statutory adjudication occurred. Thereafter, the
defendant served another payment claim on the plaintiff, including within the
payment claim a claim for “Loss of Income”. It later filed a second
adjudication application, likewise claiming for “loss of income” that was
“calculated by simply adding 20%, being the cost of overhead and margin
applied to all projects, against the balance of the original works”, allegedly
suffered “as a result of the termination of the works by the [plaintiff].” The
adjudicator rejected the plaintiff’s contention that the defendant had not
provided any evidence in support of its claim for loss of income in the amount
of 20% of the contract price, and awarded a sum of $149,362.50 for loss of
income under s 27(2A) of the NSW Act. Section 27(2A) of the NSW Act provides,
similarly to s 26(3) of our Act, that if a claimant, in exercising the right
to suspend the carrying out of construction work, “incurs any loss or expenses
as a result of the removal by the respondent of any part of the work or
supply, the respondent is liable to pay the claimant the amount of any such
loss or expenses”. For completeness, it should be noted that the right to
suspend under s 16(2)(b) of the NSW Act – ie, for failure to pay amounts
indicated in a payment schedule – is distinct from the right to suspend
following the respondent’s failure to pay an adjudicated amount, which exists
under s 24(1)(b) of the NSW Act. There is no equivalent right to s 16(2)(b) of
the NSW Act in our Act.

46 The plaintiff sought a declaration that the adjudication determination was
void, arguing amongst other things that the adjudicator failed properly to
determine the value of the s 27(2A) claim because he did not evaluate the
defendant’s loss of income, and made no attempt to ascertain the actual profit
that the defendant would have made. In rejecting this argument, Brereton J
held at [36] as follows:

A claim under s 27(2A) does not require valuation of the work done to permit
quantification, but it does require assessment of the amount of the relevant
loss and determination that it was incurred in the circumstances to which s
27(2A) refers. The Adjudicator plainly considered and determined, adversely to
[the plaintiff], that the losses claimed by [the defendant] were incurred in
exercising the right to suspend the carrying out of construction works, and as
a result of the removal by the [defendant] from the contract of part of the
work. … [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

47 In Paul Michael Pty Ltd (subject to deed of company arrangement) v Urban
Traders Pty Ltd [2010] NSWSC 1246 (“Paul Michael”) (which, for avoidance of
doubt, is a different decision from Urban Traders mentioned at [42] above),
the defendant owners entered into a contract with the plaintiff builder.
Following an adjudication, the defendants were held to be liable to pay
$357,925.59 to the plaintiff. The plaintiff then gave notice to the defendants
under s 24(1) of the NSW Act that it would suspend the carrying out of
construction under s 27 of the NSW Act within two business days as it had not
received payment of the adjudicated amount. When the plaintiff still did not
receive payment, it proceeded to suspend construction works. Subsequently, the
defendants gave notice to the plaintiff, purportedly pursuant to cl 39.4 of
the contract, that they would take the whole of the work remaining to be
completed on the project out of the plaintiff’s hands, and further gave notice
that they would be suspending payment. Upon further adjudication, the
adjudicator found that the defendants did not have a contractual right to omit
the works and that the plaintiff was entitled to $123,156.55 as loss and
expenses incurred in exercising its right to suspend work. When the plaintiff
later became subject to a deed of company arrangement, the defendants lodged a
proof of debt with the debt administrator, claiming that the plaintiff was
indebted for various sums described as damages for breach of the contract and
restitution of overpayment of monies.

48 In the New South Wales Supreme Court, one of the arguments the plaintiff
made was that if it were liable for any of the amounts claimed by the
defendants in their proof of debt, it would be entitled under s 27(2A) of the
NSW Act to recover from the defendants any amount that it was liable to pay
the defendants, as a loss or expense that was the result of the removal by the
defendants from the contract of the work. White J had no hesitation in
rejecting this submission. A point of emphasis in White J’s judgment was the
requirement that there be a connection between the loss or expenses claimed
and the removal of the works from the contract:

47 I do not accept that submission. First, some of the losses claimed in the
proof of debt would not be, or would not necessarily be, the result of the
removal by the defendants of the work from the plaintiff. For example, claims
for additional financing expenses resulting from delays allegedly due to prior
breaches by the plaintiff would not be the result of the removal by the
defendants of the work from the plaintiff. More fundamentally, a contractor
(claimant) is only entitled to recover loss or expense under s 27(2A) if the
loss or expense is incurred “in exercising the right to suspend the carrying
out of construction work or the supply of related goods and services”. … The
defendants’ claim to be entitled to remove the plaintiff from the construction
contract is independent of the plaintiff’s having suspended the carrying out
of construction work pursuant to s 27(1). It arises from asserted prior
breaches which are claimed to trigger an entitlement to invoke cl 39.4.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

49 While the facts of those cases differ from those before me, the point of
principle articulated remains germane – in both cases, the court was careful
to emphasise the need for a causal connection between the “loss or expenses”
claimed and the removal of contractual works by the respondent. If the claimed
“loss or expenses” does not flow from such removal, then it would simply be
irrecoverable under s 27(2A) of the NSW Act. In the present case, it is
difficult to see how the “full contract sum” represents the measure of loss or
expense flowing from the Plaintiff’s removal of the Omitted Works. I agree
with the Plaintiff that the Defendant is not entitled to claim “for the cost
of work which it did not carry out just as a seller cannot claim the whole of
the price of goods it did not deliver even if the buyer had repudiated the
sale”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions (19 October 2018) at para 20.

The proper measure of damages that the Defendant can claim is either its
expectation loss or its reliance loss.

50 The relevant principles in this regard were succinctly set out by Chao Hick
Tin JA in Alvin Nicholas Nathan v Raffles Assets (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2016] 2
SLR 1056 at [23]–[24]. In summary:

(a) In awarding damages pursuant to a repudiatory breach of contract, the
court seeks to place the innocent party in the position he would have been in
if the contract had been performed.

(b) Following this principle, damages for breach of contract are ordinarily
assessed in terms of the claimant’s expectation loss, which refers to the
value of the benefit that the claimant would have obtained but for the breach
of contract. Put another way, this refers to the gains the claimant expected
as a result of the full performance of the contract.

(c) On occasion, damages for breach of contract may be quantified in terms of
the claimant’s reliance loss, which refers to the costs and expenses the
claimant incurred in reliance on the defendant’s contracted-for performance,
but which were wasted because of the breach of contract. The basis for
awarding damages based on reliance loss is the assumption that were the
contract performed, the claimant would have at least fully recovered the costs
and expenditure incurred (and hence the underlying principle, even where
reliance loss is awarded, is likewise that the innocent party should be placed
in the position he would have been in had the contract been performed).

(d) Claims for expectation losses and reliance losses are generally
alternative claims. The reason is that a claim for profit is made on the
hypothesis that the expenditure had been incurred. In other words, if damages
for both expectation and reliance losses are awarded, the claimant would be
put in an even better position that he would have been in if the contract had
been wholly performed, because he would effectively have obtained the gains he
expected as a result of the full performance of the contract, yet would not
have had to incur the necessary costs in securing those gains. The claimant
would be overcompensated.

51 I accept the Plaintiff’s submission that allowing a claim for the “full
contract sum” for the Omitted Works would put the Defendant in a better
position than it would have been in if the Sub-Contract had been wholly
performed. The Defendant would effectively be able to recover not only the
profit that it expected to gain from the agreement (ie, its expectation loss)
but also any costs that it had expended thus far in relation to the Omitted
Works in order to secure those expected profits (ie, its reliance loss). In
other words, there would be double recovery of the compensable “loss or
expenses” envisaged under s 26(3) of the Act.

52 In oral argument, counsel for the Defendant referred me to the following
extract from Chow Kok Fong at para 18.78:

Loss and Expenses

Secondly, the amount of loss and expense for which the claimant is entitled to
be paid by the respondent must arise from the removal of the work from the
underlying contract. Provided that the loss and expenses can be causatively
traced to the removal of work, it is considered that the scope of loss and
expense which may be recovered is not confined necessarily to direct loss and
expenses such as abortive work, cancellation charges relating to lower tier
subcontracts, demobilisation, staff expenses, plant idling costs and
transportation costs. The expression ‘any such loss or expenses’ would include
loss of profit and head-office contribution arising from the omitted work.
[emphasis in original removed; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

53 In my judgment, nothing in the above commentary lends support to the
Defendant’s position. On the contrary, the learned author’s emphasis on the
importance of ensuring that the “loss or expenses can be causatively traced to
the removal of work” [emphasis added] is unmistakeable. He identified two
species of recoverable losses and expenses. First, what he termed “direct loss
and expenses”, which includes “abortive work, cancellation charges relating to
lower tier subcontracts, demobilisation, staff expenses, plant idling costs
and transportation costs”. While he did not expressly label it as such, it is
plain that all of this pertains in essence to reliance loss, which is “direct”
in the sense that it represents wasted expenditure that is more or less
immediately ascertainable (as opposed to loss of profits, the existence or
extent of which may require more substantial investigation). The second type
of recoverable loss or expenses that the author identified was “loss of profit
and head-office contribution arising from the omitted work”. This concerns
expectation loss. For completeness, “head-office contribution” (or
contribution to head office overheads) refers to the amount which a contractor
intends the particular contract to contribute toward the office and
administrative expenses of operating his construction business as a going
concern, and for this reason claims for recovery of head office overheads and
claims for recovery of profits are typically assessed in the same way: see
Construction Contracts at paras 10.101–10.102. The crucial point is that the
quoted passage provides no authority for any attempt to concurrently recover
expectation and reliance losses in a manner not permitted under the common
law.

Inconsistency with statutory intention

54 I turn to consider the plausibility of the Defendant’s argument when seen
against the legislative intention in enacting the right to suspend and the
associated statutory rights. In my view, nothing in the schema and content of
the Act even remotely suggests that a claimant sub-contractor would be
entitled to the windfall that would arise out of awarding it, as a rule, the
“full contract sum” as loss or expenses under s 26(3). As described at
[39]–[42] above, the intention of s 26(3) is to preserve the sub-contractor’s
position during the period of suspension so as to sustain both the
attractiveness and efficacy of the primary right to suspend. In other words, s
26(3) serves a protective function. There is no intention to enhance the sub-
contractor’s position beyond what would ordinarily be the case.

55 In my view, the Defendant’s position is also inconsistent with the general
approach of s 26, which has been crafted in a purposeful yet controlled manner
so that the reach of the statutory rights does not exceed the purpose for
which they were granted. One observe this from the clear limits imposed on the
right to suspend under s 26, which is in some ways more carefully
circumscribed than the equivalent provision in other jurisdictions. For
instance, as mentioned at [24] above, the right to suspend only arises where
there is an adjudication determination in the claimant’s favour and the
respondent has been served with a notice of intention to suspend works yet has
refused to pay the adjudicated amount within the stipulated period. That can
be contrasted with the approach taken in the UK Act, which provides that a
party’s right to suspend performance of his obligations under a construction
contract arises where a sum due under the contract is not paid in full by the
final date for payment and no effective notice to withhold payment has been
given (see s 112(1) of the UK Act). In other words, a sub-contractor will be
able to suspend works even in the absence of an adjudication determination in
its favour, as long as payment under the construction contract has not been
forthcoming. And in New South Wales – as explained at [45] above – the right
to suspend works arises not only in situations where the respondent has failed
to pay the adjudicated amount (see s 24(1) read with s 27 of the NSW Act), but
also where the respondent has not provided a payment schedule or has not made
payment in accordance with a payment schedule (see ss 15(2)(b) and 16(2) read
with s 27 of the NSW Act). The approaches in the Queensland Building and
Construction Industry Payments Act 2004 (see ss 19, 20, 30 and 33) and the
Victoria Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 2002 (see
ss 16, 17, 27 and 29) mirror that in the NSW Act. In all these jurisdictions,
the right to suspend arises in a broader range of situations than under s 26
of our Act. Indeed, as observed in Chow Kok Fong at para 18.60, the position
in Singapore appears to be closer to that originally envisaged by Sir Michael
Latham in the Latham Report. Sir Michael Latham had conceived that “suspension
should only become available if the adjudicator has first been involved and
has issued a decision which the employer has then failed to honour with
immediate effect” [emphasis added]: see the Latham Report at para 10.13.

56 Unlike the UK and Australia, our statutory regime always requires that an
adjudication determination in the claimant’s favour be interposed between the
claimant’s allegation about non-payment and its right to suspend works. The
adjudication determination confers a degree of validation to the claimant’s
allegation. That is entirely consonant with the circumspection expressed in
Jia Min at [57] on whether a general right to suspend works for non-payment
should exist at common law:

There appear to be strong grounds for denying such a right. The existence of
such a right could create chaos within the building industry if contractors
were to muscle their way through disputes with threats or actual acts of
suspension instead of having their disputes adjudicated. Projects could be
held to ransom with severe consequences. Furthermore, it would be incorrect in
principle to imply in what is commonly viewed as “an entire contract for the
sale of goods and work and labour for a lump sum payable by instalments”, a
right to break up performance into segments in the absence of any specific and
express contractual agreement. [emphasis added]

57 That restrained attitude toward the right to suspend is further reflected
in the Minister’s explanation of s 26 during his speech at the Second Reading
of the Bill (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates at col 1118):

To prevent abuse and minimise the negative impact of work suspension on the
progress of a project, several safeguards have been incorporated in the Bill.
Firstly, the claimant is allowed to suspend work or exercise a lien only when
the adjudicated amount is not paid after the adjudicator’s decision. Secondly,
the claimant must serve a 7-day notice of such intention on the respondent,
the owner and the principal before he can do so. This gives ample time for the
principal or the owner or developer to assess the consequences and take action
if necessary, including making a direct payment to the claimant. Thirdly, the
suspension must be lifted within three days if the respondent pays the
adjudicated amount. Any other third party affected by the work suspension will
also have rights to extension of time in the project. To further avert work
suspension, the principal has an option to pay directly to the claimant, in
the event that the respondent fails to pay the adjudicated amount. The
principal may then recover the amount by deducting it from subsequent payments
to the respondent. [emphasis added]

58 Apart from the conditions to be satisfied before the right to suspend is
triggered, the Minister was essentially outlining ss 26(4), (5) and (7) of the
Act. Under ss 26(4) and (6), the claimant’s right to suspend dissipates upon
the respondent’s payment of the adjudicated amount, and if the claimant fails
to resume its work within 3 days of payment, it will be liable to pay for loss
or damage suffered not only by the respondent, but also by the principal. That
is a sharp about-turn from the protective stance taken toward the claimant
under s 26(2)(b), which provides that during the period of suspension the
principal and owner may only seek damages from the respondent and not the
claimant (see [31]–[33] above). Section 26(5) provides for a means by which
the suspension can be lifted other than the respondent’s payment. If the
principal, who is a licensed housing developer and who has not previously
defaulted in payment, serves a notice of payment on the claimant, the claimant
must resume work within 3 days. Section 26(7) serves to mitigate the effect of
suspension on other parties involved in the works, by allowing the period of
suspension to be disregarded in computing, for the purposes of any contractual
time limit, the time taken by such third party to complete works directly or
indirectly affected by the exercise of the right of suspension.

59 There can accordingly be little doubt that both the scope and the effects
of the right to suspend under s 26 are tightly controlled and given no more
latitude than what is sufficient to achieve the statutory purpose. I find that
the Defendant’s suggestion that it may claim such a measure of damages that
exceeds what it would ordinarily be entitled to sits most easily with the
statutory scheme and its underlying philosophy.

Urban Traders Pty Ltd v Paul Michael Pty Ltd

60 The Defendant argues in favour of a “liberal interpretation” of “loss and
expenses”, relying on the following observation of McDougall J in Urban
Traders at [78]: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s further submissions (19 October 2018) at paras 16 and 19.

It is trite to observe that the [NSW] Act is remedial legislation, enacted for
the benefit of builders and subcontractors; and that it should be given a
liberal construction, to the extent that its language will permit. In my view,
to construe the reference to “loss or expense” incurred “as a result of the
removal … of any part of the work” narrowly, so as a priori to exclude any
claim for lost profit on the removed work, is not consistent with the evident
intention of the [NSW] Act. Nor is it an approach dictated, despite that
evident intention, by the intractable language of s 27(2A). [emphasis added]

61 The Defendant’s reliance on the above dicta in support of its argument is,
in my judgment, entirely misplaced. In Urban Traders, the builder served a
payment claim which included a claim for losses and expenses purportedly
arising from a suspension of works under s 27(2A) of the NSW Act. In addition,
the builder claimed “losses and expenses it ha[d] incurred as a result of the
[proprietors] taking over or removing the remaining work under the Contract
while [the builder] was exercising its right to suspend under the [NSW] Act”,
such losses and expenses consisting of “the contribution to overhead and
profit incorporated in the pricing of the unfinished portions of the work”:
Urban Traders at [67]. The proprietors contended that the claim for lost
profits was not a claim capable of falling within s 27(2A) of the NSW Act,
because it was a claim for damages for breach of contract and not a claim for
an amount due for construction work within the definition of a “claimed
amount” in s 4 of the NSW Act. McDougall J rejected the argument, finding (as
set out in the quoted passage in the preceding paragraph) that a claim for
“loss or expense” under s 27(2A) includes a claim for lost profit and
therefore can be referred to and determined by an adjudicator: Urban Traders
at [79].

62 In my judgment, the Plaintiff is inarguably correct when it points out that
McDougall J’s decision only concerned whether lost profits can be claimed
under s 27(2A) of the NSW Act – a question which is not disputed before me –
and not whether the “full contract sum” can be claimed. In addition, what
McDougall J highlighted in reaching her decision on this point was “the
evident intention of the [NSW] Act”; and as I have explained earlier, the
statutory intention behind the enactment of our Act does not extend to putting
a claimant in a better position than is otherwise justified in relation to the
measure of recoverable loss and expenses flowing from the removal of works
from the sub-contract during the period of suspension.

Findings and conclusion

63 For the foregoing reasons, I am satisfied that insofar as the Counterclaim
for Omitted Works suggests that the Defendant is “entitled to the full
contract sum”, it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence under O
18 r 19(1)(a) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). However, I am
of the view that my discretion under O 18 r 19(1) should be exercised in
favour of ordering a suitable amendment of the pleadings rather than a
striking out of the Counterclaim for Omitted Works altogether. I follow the
well-established principle that the court’s power to strike out should be
exercised sparingly and if the deficiency or defect can be cured by way of an
amendment, it would be preferable to allow such amendment rather than to take
the more drastic course of striking out the pleading: Ching Mun Fong
(executrix of the estate of Tan Geok Tee, deceased) v Liu Cho Chit and another
appeal [2000] 1 SLR(R) 53 at [23].

64 I therefore order that para 98 of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment
No. 2), which reads, “The Defendant avers that the Plaintiff is not entitled
to omit the aforementioned works and the Defendant avers that it is entitled
to the full contract sum” be amended so as to replace the phrase “the full
contract sum” with “damages to be assessed”. I do not find that para 97 of the
Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2), which the Plaintiff also seeks to
strike out, contains anything pertaining to the objection that the Plaintiff
has taken, and therefore make no order in that respect.

65 I will hear the parties on costs and consequential matters.

Elton Tan Xue Yang  
Assistant Registrar

Yap Jie Han (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Genevieve Wong, Poonaam Bai, Pramnath Vijayakumar and Lee Shu Qing (Eldan Law
LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

