Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 154

Suit No 10 of 2017

Between

| Tan Gim Seng t/a G.S. Forklift Services  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Sea-Shore Transportation Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

And

| Sea-Shore Transportation Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

| Tan Gim Seng t/a G.S. Forklift Services  
---|---  
  
… Defendant in Counterclaim

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [contractual terms] — [implied terms]

[Limitation of Actions] — [equity and limitation of actions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Gim Seng (trading as G S Forklift Services)

  

v

  

Sea-Shore Transportation Pte Ltd

  

[2018] SGHC 154

High Court — Suit No 10 of 2017  
Chua Lee Ming J  
6 – 8 March 2018; 9 March 2018

4 July 2018

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Mr Tan Gim Seng trading as G.S. Forklift Services (“GSFS”), a
sole-proprietorship, sued the defendant, Sea-Shore Transportation Pte Ltd, for
$416,796.20 in respect of work done and services rendered at the defendant’s
request. On 17 May 2017, the plaintiff obtained summary judgment against the
defendant for the sum of $399,163.70 with interest. The plaintiff proceeded to
trial for the balance sum of $17,632.50.

2 The defendant filed a counterclaim seeking $685,200 being arrears of rental
for the use of the defendant’s premises and other charges, alternatively
damages to be assessed.

3 On 9 March 2018, I gave judgment for the plaintiff on his claim, in the sum
of $17,632.50 with interest at 5.33% from the date of the writ until judgment.
I also gave judgment for the defendant on its counterclaim in the sum of
$69,784 with interest at 5.33% from the date of the writ until judgment. I
ordered each party to bear its own costs.

4 The defendant has appealed against my decision on its counterclaim and the
costs order.

Facts

5 In 1991, the plaintiff started work at Eastman Lift Truck Pte Ltd
(“Eastman”). Whilst at Eastman, the plaintiff carried out repair and servicing
work for the defendant’s forklifts. The defendant was in the business of
general warehousing and other transportation support activities. In the course
of working at the defendant’s premises at 14 Pioneer Sector 2 Jurong,
Singapore (“the Pioneer premises”), the plaintiff came to know Mr Sharafdeen
s/o S N Abdul Rasak (“Deen”). Deen had founded the defendant company together
with Mr Vijayarahavan s/o Kuppasamy (“Ragu”). Deen managed the defendant
together with Ragu until 2007. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Balan Vijayarahavan Pillai, at para 5.

Deen was a director of the defendant until January 2017; he remains a
shareholder of the defendant.

6 The plaintiff subsequently left Eastman and started his own business in 2003
under GSFS. In 2005, the plaintiff started servicing the defendant’s
forklifts. Subsequently, in 2006, the plaintiff moved GSFS’ business to the
Pioneer premises and started operating from there. The plaintiff claimed that
this was pursuant to an oral agreement reached with the defendant who was then
represented by Deen. The terms of this agreement were in dispute in this
action.

7 In 2007, Ragu lost his mental capacity and he passed away in 2008. Deen
became the primary person managing the defendant’s affairs.

8 Between 21 November 2006 and 20 November 2016, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2), at para 7.

GSFS occupied at first, one container, and later another three containers, at
the Pioneer premises. Two of the containers were 40 feet long by eight feet
wide and the other two were 20 feet long by eight feet wide. The two 40-foot
containers were stacked one on top of the other as were the two 20-foot
containers. In addition, GSFS occupied some additional ground space; the area
of this additional ground space was in dispute. During this period, GSFS
rendered repair services to the defendant. Between 2006 and 2016, the
defendant paid GSFS about $300,000 for the services rendered. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NE, 6 Mar 2018, at 25:21-24.

9 Ragu’s son, Mr Balan Vijayarahavan Pillai (“Balan”), worked for the
defendant between 1987 and 2002 or 2003. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AEIC of Balan Vijayarahavan Pillai, at para 6.

In 2015, Balan returned to work for the defendant as chief operating officer.

10 In June 2016, one of GSFS’ employees, Mr Hoi Sum Wah (“Hoi”) left GSFS’
employment. The defendant employed Hoi to perform all the servicing and repair
works for their machinery. The defendant then ceased engaging the plaintiff
for its repair works.

11 On 16 November 2016, the plaintiff sent the defendant a statement of
accounts for the period from August 2011 to October 2016 and sought payment of
the outstanding balance of $418,296.20. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”) 59.

12 On 17 November 2016, the defendant replied, complaining that the plaintiff
had not sent his statements of accounts on a monthly basis, and stating that
it needed time to check the statement sent by the plaintiff. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB 58–59.

Subsequently, that same day, Balan wrote to the plaintiff reminding him that
there was “a new Executive Management in [the defendant] and that we will be
reviewing all Debtors & Creditors throughly (sic) before any action is taken.”
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB 58.

13 Subsequently, the defendant sent the plaintiff a statement of accounts
dated 28 November 2016. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB 72.

The defendant’s statement of accounts referred to an invoice dated 20 November
2016 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB 73.

from the defendant to the plaintiff for $625,200 being charges imposed by the
defendant for the period from 21 November 2006 to 20 November 2016 for

(a) rental for 120 months for 2,500 sq ft at $1.20 per square foot (with
$25,200 as goods and services tax (GST)); and

(b) utilities charges for 120 months at $2,500 per month.

14 By way of email dated 2 December 2016, the plaintiff noted that $1,500 of
the outstanding balance of $418,296.20 due to GSFS had been paid. The
plaintiff queried the defendant’s invoice, pointing out that he had never
received any document or invoice relating to the rental and utilities charges
claimed by the defendant. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB 55–56.

15 Balan replied to the plaintiff on the same day stating that there was no
mistake in the defendant’s invoice and told the plaintiff that the defendant
was “under New Executive Management with New 45% Shareholding partners” and
that “[a]ll Tenants in [the defendant’s] Premises will have to be accounted
for under the New Executive Management”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB 55.

16 On 7 December 2016, the defendant, through its solicitors M/s UniLegal LLC,
demanded payment of the sum of $11,956.30 from GSFS. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB 61.

The letter of demand attached the defendant’s statement of accounts dated 30
November 2016 in which the defendant set off $399,163.70 owed to GSFS against
$411,120 due from GSFS, leaving a balance sum of $11,956.30 due from GSFS. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB 69.

Apparently, for purposes of the letter of demand, the defendant limited its
claim for rental and utilities charges to six years which explained why the
statement of accounts reflected $411,120 instead of $625,200. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB 60.

17 On 6 January 2017, the plaintiff commenced the present action against the
defendant for the sum of $416,796.20 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

$418,296.20 - $1,500 (see [14] above).

being the balance outstanding from the defendant for work done and services
rendered by the plaintiff at the defendant’s request.

18 In its defence, the defendant denied liability on various grounds. In
addition, the defendant counterclaimed against the plaintiff for the sum of
$685,200 being rental and utilities charges.

19 The plaintiff applied for summary judgment. On 12 May 2017, the Assistant
Registrar entered judgment for the plaintiff in the sum of $399,163.70, which
the defendant had acknowledged to be owing to the plaintiff in its statement
of accounts dated 30 November 2016 (see [16] above). The defendant was given
leave to defend against the balance sum of $17,632.50. The defendant did not
appeal against the Assistant Registrar’s decision.

The plaintiff’s claim for the balance sum of $17,632.50

20 There is no appeal against my decision on the plaintiff’s claim. However, a
brief explanation would be helpful for context and completeness.

21 One of the pleaded defences was an allegation that there was an agreement
between the parties that the plaintiff would do work and render services at
the defendant’s request in return for the plaintiff being allowed to operate
his business at the Pioneer premises and that neither party would claim
against the other for rental, utility charges or professional fees. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2), at para 3.

22 The Assistant Registrar’s decision on the plaintiff’s application for
summary judgment meant that the defendant had failed in its defence that there
was any such agreement. In my view, this defence was therefore no longer
available to the defendant with respect to the plaintiff’s claim for the
outstanding balance of $17,632.50.

23 The plaintiff’s claim for the outstanding balance of $17,632.50 was based
on eight invoices which were supported by Service/Repair Reports which had
been signed by the defendant’s representative, certifying that the jobs had
been done to the defendant’s satisfaction. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AB 88–103.

Having no answer to these Service/Repair Reports, the defendant accepted in
its closing submissions that the plaintiff had carried out the work described
in the Service/Repair Reports but submitted that the plaintiff had overcharged
the defendant. The defendant agreed to pay a reasonable sum to be determined
by this court. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”), at para 13.

24 In my judgment, the defendant’s submission that the plaintiff had
overcharged it for the work done was plainly unsustainable. The defendant’s
yard manager, Mr Verlachamy V K (“Bala”), testified that the usual practice
was that the plaintiff would commence work only after the defendant had agreed
to the scope of the work to be done and the cost/rate to be charged. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE, 7 Mar 2018, at 130:3-5.

There was no evidence suggesting that this practice had not been followed with
respect to the work which was the subject matter of the eight outstanding
invoices. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE, 7 Mar 2018, at 130:14-131:7.

25 I therefore entered judgment for the plaintiff in the sum of $17,632.50
with interest at 5.33% per annum from the date of the writ until the judgment.

The defendant’s counterclaim

26 The defendant pleaded that it agreed to rent and/or license space at the
Pioneer premises to the plaintiff, and that it was an express term, or
alternatively an implied term, of the agreement that the plaintiff would pay a
reasonable sum for rental and other charges. It was not disputed that there
was no agreement as to the amount that the plaintiff was to pay. The defendant
claimed that the plaintiff occupied a space of 2,500 square feet for 10 years
(from 21 November 2006 to 20 November 2016) and quantified its quantum meruit
claim at $685,200 based on the following: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

($3,210 + $2,500) x 120.

(a) Rental for 2,500 sq ft at $1.20 per square foot per month plus 7% GST, ie,
$3,210 per month.

(b) $2,500 per month for utilities.

27 The defendant pleaded in the alternative that the plaintiff was liable to
the defendant based on unjust enrichment.

28 In his defence to the counterclaim, the plaintiff pleaded that in 2006,
Deen agreed to let the plaintiff use the space occupied by him at the Pioneer
premises free of charge and that this arrangement was to allow the plaintiff
to be present on-site to provide quick service to the defendant so that the
defendant’s forklifts could operate consistently. The plaintiff denied any
agreement that he was to pay for utilities. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AEIC of Tan Gim Seng, at paras. 12-13.

29 None of the defendant’s witnesses had any personal knowledge of the
agreement between the plaintiff and the defendant and the evidence that was
adduced by the defendant did not support the counterclaim. Balan testified as
follows:

(a) His late father, Ragu, had told him that there was an agreement between
the plaintiff, Deen, and his late father for the plaintiff to defer payment of
the rental and utilities charges until the plaintiff’s finances were in better
shape (“the original agreement”). The defendant would pay the plaintiff for
repair works carried out at the defendant’s request. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AEIC of Balan Vijayarahavan Pillai, at para 15.

There was no agreement as to the amount of rental to be charged but the
plaintiff was to be charged for utilities at cost. Further, it was for the
plaintiff to decide when he was able to pay the defendant. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE, 7 Mar 2018, at 151:20-22.

(b) In around 2011, both the plaintiff and defendant were facing financial
difficulties. The plaintiff and Deen agreed to vary the original agreement and
they agreed that the defendant would not charge the plaintiff rental and
utilities charges and the plaintiff would not charge the defendant for
services provided to the defendant (“the varied agreement”). The defendant
thus ceased to be liable to pay for the plaintiff’s services from August 2011.
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AEIC of Balan Vijayarahavan Pillai, at paras 22–24.

30 Balan’s evidence clearly did not support the defendant’s counterclaim. His
assertions were very different from what the defendant had pleaded in its
counterclaim. First, the alleged original agreement contradicted the
defendant’s pleaded counterclaim which did not mention any deferment of
payment by the plaintiff. Second, the alleged varied agreement also
contradicted the counterclaim which pleaded an agreement under which it was an
express term, alternatively an implied term, that the plaintiff would pay a
reasonable sum for rental and other charges. Third, the alleged varied
agreement meant that the plaintiff was not liable to pay rental or utilities
charges.

31 In any event, Balan’s assertion that under the varied agreement the
defendant was not liable to pay for the plaintiff’s services after August 2011
was contradicted by the defendant’s own evidence. It was clear that the
defendant had made several payments to the plaintiff after 2011. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AEIC of Tan Gim Seng, at para 28 and p 76.

In addition, the defendant’s own statement of accounts acknowledged that the
defendant owed the plaintiff for services performed after August 2011. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AB 74–79.

It will be recalled that summary judgment had been entered against the
defendant for $399,163.70 based on the defendant’s acknowledgement (see [19]
above).

32 I also noted that when the plaintiff queried the defendant’s invoice for
rental and utilities charges, Balan’s response was that the defendant was
under a “New Executive Management” and that all tenants in the defendant’s
premises had to be “accounted for” (see [14]–[15] above). One would have
expected Balan to refer to the alleged agreements but his reply to the
plaintiff did not mention any agreement.

33 In my view, Balan’s testimony about the original and varied agreements was
an afterthought to try to explain why the defendant had not been billing the
plaintiff for rental and utilities over the years. However, this afterthought
did more harm than good to the defendant’s counterclaim.

34 Ironically, it was evidence adduced by the plaintiff that supported the
defendant’s counterclaim save with respect to the rental for the space of one
20-foot container. Deen, who gave evidence on behalf of the plaintiff,
testified as follows:

(a) The defendant faced heavy penalties for delays. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE, 7 Mar 2018, at 29:21-28.

He therefore agreed (as the then director of the defendant) to let GSFS
operate from the Pioneer premises rent-free so that GSFS could render quick
and responsive services to the defendant. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AEIC of Sharafdeen s/o S N Abdul Rasak, at para 5.

(b) The space allocated to GSFS was the space of a 20-foot container and GSFS
could use this space rent-free until it decided to move out or when the
defendant required GSFS to leave the premises. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AEIC of Sharafdeen s/o S N Abdul Rasak, at para 6; NE, 7 Mar 2018, at
39:23-31.

(c) Deen told Balan he could recover the rental for the use of any additional
space occupied by GSFS at the Pioneer premises. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE, 7 Mar 2018, at 31:22-32; 41:26-31; 59:18-60:5.

(d) There was no agreement that the plaintiff would not charge the defendant
for services rendered. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE, 7 Mar 2018, at 31:8-14.

(e) He only agreed to let the plaintiff use one 20-foot container space rent-
free. There was no agreement that the plaintiff could use utilities free of
charge. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE, 7 Mar 2018, at 60:21-26.

35 The plaintiff was recalled to take the stand after Deen had given his
evidence. The plaintiff confirmed that the first container that he used
belonged to the defendant and that he brought the other three containers to
the Pioneer premises in 2012. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE, 7 Mar 2018, at 66:8-23.

The plaintiff also agreed that Deen told him he could use one container space
rent-free but claimed that it was for one 40-foot container instead of one
20-foot container as stated by Deen. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE, 7 Mar 2018, at 66:24-29.

However, I accepted Deen’s objective evidence in preference to the
plaintiff’s.

36 The additional space occupied by the plaintiff was clearly visible and
known to the defendant. By its conduct, the defendant permitted the
plaintiff’s use of the additional space. The plaintiff knew or expected that
he had to pay for the use of any additional space at the Pioneer premises. In
my view, the facts justified implying an agreement that the plaintiff would
have to pay for his use of the additional space.

37 I also accepted Deen’s evidence that the only agreement with the plaintiff
was for the plaintiff to use one container space rent-free. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE, 7 Mar 2018, at 51:17-28.

The plaintiff agreed that he had no discussions with Deen about charges for
utilities. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AEIC of Tan Gim Seng, at para 12.

The plaintiff was using electricity, water and diesel for its business. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE, 7 Mar 2018, at 110:14-19.

This was known to the defendant who by its conduct permitted the plaintiff to
do so. It did not make any commercial sense that the defendant would have
agreed to let the plaintiff have unlimited use of the utilities without having
to pay for such use. The defendant had permitted the plaintiff to operate his
business at the premises and the plaintiff was charging the defendant for
services rendered to the defendant. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE, 7 Mar 2018, at 22:15-30.

On top of that, the plaintiff was also servicing other customers. In my view,
there was an implied agreement between the parties that the plaintiff could
use the defendant’s utilities but that the plaintiff would have to pay for
what he used.

38 I concluded as follows:

(a) The defendant agreed to let the plaintiff use one 20-foot container space
at the Pioneer premises rent-free until he decided to move out or the
defendant required him to leave.

(b) The defendant permitted the plaintiff to use additional space at the
Pioneer premises. The plaintiff knew or expected that he had to pay for the
use of any additional space at the Pioneer premises. There was an implied
agreement that the plaintiff was to pay rental for the use of the additional
space.

(c) The defendant permitted the plaintiff to use the utilities at the Pioneer
premises. The plaintiff knew or expected that he would have to pay for his
share of the utilities expenses at the Pioneer premises. There was an implied
agreement that the plaintiff would have to reimburse the defendant for his use
of the utilities.

Defendant’s counterclaim for rental

39 It was not disputed that in the absence of any express agreement as to the
amount of rent, the plaintiff was to pay reasonable rent. The plaintiff
accepted that $1.20 per square foot (as claimed by the defendant) was
reasonable. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Closing Submissions, at para 25.

40 The defendant claimed that the total space occupied by the plaintiff at the
Pioneer premises was about 2,500 sq ft. However, the defendant adduced no
evidence to substantiate this allegation. No photographs or measurements were
produced. Balan testified that the figure of 2,500 sq ft was just his estimate
based on what he saw. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE, 8 Mar 2018, at 4:23-27; 26:26-30; 29:20-22.

The defendant’s yard manager, Bala, also testified that his estimate of the
space used by the plaintiff was just based on what he saw. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE, 7 Mar 2018, at 115:20-26.

Bala added that in addition to the space occupied by the four containers, the
plaintiff also occupied an additional area equal to about four 20-foot
containers. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE, 7 Mar 2018, at 117:1-2.

Whilst on the stand, both Balan and Bala drew plans 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Exhibits D1 and D2.

to show the area occupied by the plaintiff. Both plans were different despite
the fact that Balan claimed to have arrived at the estimate of 2,500 sq ft in
consultation with Bala. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE, 8 Mar 2018, at 17:22-24.

41 In my judgment, there was no credible evidence that I could rely on to
substantiate the defendant’s assertion that the plaintiff occupied 2,500 sq ft
of space at the Pioneer premises. It would have been fairly easy for the
defendant to take measurements, yet it inexplicably failed to do so. The
burden of proof was squarely on the defendant and the defendant failed to
discharge this burden.

42 The plaintiff admitted that he occupied one 40-foot container until 2012
when he added two 20-foot containers and another 40-foot container. There
being no evidence to the contrary, I accepted the plaintiff’s evidence that
the additional two 20-foot containers and one 40-foot container were added
only in 2012. The plaintiff further admitted that he used additional space of
about 48 sq ft which was equivalent to the space occupied by two forklifts. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE, 6 Mar 2018, at 21:1-5.

The space occupied by the plaintiff was therefore as follows:

(a) Before 2012: 368 sq ft. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

(40 x 8) + 48.

(b) From 2012 to November 2016: 1,008 sq ft. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

(2 x 40 x 8) + (2 x 20 x 8) + 48.

43 As the plaintiff was allowed to occupy only 160 sq ft (ie, one 20-foot
container) rent-free, I ordered the plaintiff to pay rent at $1.20 per square
foot for 848 sq ft 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

1008 – 160.

from January 2012 until November 2016 (ie, 59 months). This worked out to
$60,038.40. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

$1.20 x 848 x 59.

44 As for the period before 2012, the plaintiff had to pay rental for an
additional space of 208 sq ft. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

368 – 160.

However, as the defendant’s claim was a claim based on contract, it was
subject to a six-year limitation period under s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act
(Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed). As the writ was filed on 6 January 2017, the
defendant’s claim for rental accrued before 6 January 2011 was time-barred. I
ordered the plaintiff to pay rent for the period from January to December 2011
at $1.20 per square foot for 208 sq ft. This worked out to $2,745.60.

45 In its closing submissions, the defendant submitted that the rental of
$1.20 per square foot should be increased by 14% to reflect the fact that the
plaintiff was also using its space at the Pioneer premises to do work for
other customers. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DCS, at paras 75-77.

I rejected this submission. First, this was not pleaded. Second, this
submission was not supported by the evidence. The evidence was that the
standard rates charged by the defendant ranged between $0.80 and $1.50 per
square foot. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE, 7 Mar 2018, at 95:11-13.

The defendant claimed $1.20 per square foot as a reasonable rental to charge
in this case. How the plaintiff used the space was not relevant. I noted also
that it was clear from the evidence that the defendant had permitted the
plaintiff to operate from the Pioneer premises for all of its work including
work for other customers. Third, the proposed increase of 14% was based on
nothing more than an assumption that the plaintiff spent at least one day per
week doing work for other customers, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DCS, at para 76.

with nothing to back up this assumption. It seemed to me that this submission
was representative of defendant’s general disregard for the rules of evidence
in its conduct of this case.

46 The total rent payable by the plaintiff was therefore $62,784.

Defendant’s counterclaim for utilities charges

47 The defendant claimed that the plaintiff’s share of utilities charges was
$2,500 per month. It was not disputed that (a) there was no separate meter for
the plaintiff’s consumption of electricity or water, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE, 8 Mar 2018, at 13:23-14:8.

(b) the defendant never kept any record of the plaintiff’s use of any of the
utilities, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE, 8 Mar 2018, at 6:21-24; 22:28-31.

and (c) there was no agreement as to how the plaintiff’s share of the utility
charges at the Pioneer premises was to be computed.

48 The defendant’s counterclaim was short on details as to how the figure of
$2,500 per month was computed. In his testimony, Balan explained that the
figure of $2,500 per month was computed based on 30% of the average expenses
incurred by the defendant per month at the Pioneer premises for electricity,
water, diesel, and yard maintenance (which included sewerage and clearing of
drains). Balan admitted that 30% was his own estimate based on what he claimed
he knew. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE, 8 Mar 2018, at 24:31-25:2.

No other details were given to substantiate his claim.

49 In my view, the defendant’s claim of $2,500 per month was at best,
speculative. There was no basis upon which I could reasonably attribute to the
plaintiff a 30% share of the defendant’s utilities expenses. In fact, the
evidence also raised serious doubts about the reliability of Balan’s estimate
of 30%.

50 First, even based on the defendant’s case, the total area occupied by the
plaintiff at the Pioneer premises was a mere 1.2% of the total area of the
Pioneer premises. This was of course not in itself evidence of what the
plaintiff’s share of the utility charges should be. However, in my view, it
was some indication as to the speculative nature of Balan’s estimate of 30%.
Further, it was clear that the defendant itself accepted that it was
reasonable to pro-rate expenses based on the area occupied. The defendant’s
financial statements showed its total expenses for water and electricity for
the Pioneer premises as well as the defendant’s other premises at the Benoi
Sector depot. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, at p 112.

In its closing submissions, the defendant apportioned the expenses between
these two premises according to their respective areas. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DCS, at para 83.

51 Second, it was difficult to imagine that the plaintiff could have been
responsible for 30% of the water consumption at the Pioneer premises given
that the defendant had to wash containers at the premises. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE, 8 Mar 2018, 35:29-30.

52 Third, Balan claimed that he had observed the plaintiff taking two to three
eight-gallon drums of diesel per week. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE, 8 Mar 2018, at 34:10-15.

There was no evidence as to how many times or the period over which he
observed this. In any event, instead of charging the plaintiff the cost of
diesel based on this alleged observation, the defendant simply apportioned 30%
of all the diesel costs incurred by the defendant, to the plaintiff. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE, 8 Mar 2018, at 23:23-25.

The capacity of the diesel tank was 12,000 litres. Each eight-gallon drum is
equivalent to about 36 litres. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE, 8 Mar 2018, at 23:16-18.

Based on Balan’s evidence, assuming three drums of diesel per week, the amount
of diesel used by the plaintiff per month would have been about 432 litres,
which was less than 4% of the tank capacity. Of course, the relevant
comparison is not against the capacity of the tank but the total volume of
diesel used. However, no evidence was produced as to the total volume of
diesel used at the Pioneer premises although the defendant had to have had
that information. For example, the average amount of diesel purchased
periodically to fill the tank could have given some indication of the total
average volume of diesel used monthly. However, the defendant chose simply to
attribute 30% to the plaintiff.

53 Fourth, the defendant could also have adduced evidence of the utility bills
incurred by the defendant at the Pioneer premises after the plaintiff left the
premises. Assuming no other changes in circumstances, that could have given
some indication at least of the amount that should be attributed to the
plaintiff. Inexplicably, no such evidence was adduced.

54 The burden of proof was again squarely on the defendant. The defendant
failed to discharge this burden. In my view, the allocation of 30% of the
defendant’s expenses for utilities to the plaintiff, was completely arbitrary.
I decided that the appropriate order was for the plaintiff to pay for his use
of utilities at a nominal rate of $100 per month. As the counterclaim for
utilities charges was again based on contract, it was subject to the six-year
limitation period under s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act. The defendant’s
counterclaim for utilities charges was thus limited to the period from January
2011 until November 2016, ie, 70 months. The total amount that the plaintiff
had to pay therefore worked out to $7,000.

55 Accordingly, I entered judgment for the defendant on its counterclaim in
the sum of $69,784 with interest at 5.33% per annum from the date of the writ
until judgment.

Unjust enrichment

56 As stated at [27] above, the defendant pleaded an alternative claim for
rental and utilities charged based on unjust enrichment. In my view, the
alternative claim based on unjust enrichment must fail.

57 There is no freestanding claim in unjust enrichment on the abstract basis
that the retention of the benefit is “unjust” – there must be a particular
recognised unjust factor or event which gives rise to a claim: Wee Chiaw Sek
Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng,
deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 (“Anna Wee”) at [134]. It is not
sufficient simply to assert that the retention of the benefit is unjust: Anna
Wee at [136]. Yet, this was precisely all that the defendant pleaded with
respect to its alternative claim in unjust enrichment. It was only in its
closing submissions that the defendant raised an alleged lack of consent as
the unjust factor in support of its unjust enrichment claim.

58 The defendant referred me to AAHG, LLC v Hong Hin Kay Albert [2017] 3 SLR
636 in which I expressed the view (at [74]) that lack of consent should be
recognised as an unjust factor. The Court of Appeal has not ruled on this
point. However, what is more important in the present case is that the
defendant did not plead lack of consent as the unjust factor that it was
relying on.

59 In any event, the findings that I have made clearly do not support any lack
of consent.

60 In its closing submissions, the defendant made two other submissions:

(a) First, the defendant referred to Eng Chiet Shoong and others v Cheong Soh
Chin and others and another appeal [2016] 4 SLR 728 (“Eng Chiet Shoong”) at
[35] for the proposition that a quantum meruit claim exists as part of the law
of unjust enrichment and that recovery of compensation for work done where
there is no express contract may be made on a quantum meruit basis. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DCS, at paras 27–28.

(b) Second, the defendant referred to Charles Mitchell, Paul Mitchell &
Stephen Watterson, Goff & Jones: The Law of Unjust Enrichment (Sweet &
Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2016), at para 5-33, for the proposition that where a
defendant has permission to occupy the claimant’s land but no binding terms
are agreed about payment, a claim in unjust enrichment lies to recover the
value of the defendant’s use and occupation.

61 It seems to me that the simple answer is that based on the findings that I
have made, the counterclaim in this case was contractual in nature. There was
no need to resort to the law of unjust enrichment. As the Court of Appeal said
in Eng Chiet Shoong at [41]:

… there are two alternative approaches toward the award of a reasonable sum
for work done. The first is contractual in nature and can be premised on the
basis of either an implied contract or an implied term (depending on the
precise facts before the court). The second is premised on restitution or
unjust enrichment (the more historical basis being that of quasi-contract).
The first will take precedence over the second.

[Emphases in original]

Costs

62 The plaintiff succeeded in its claim in full whilst the defendant succeeded
only in part of its counterclaim. The amount awarded to the defendant was
larger than that awarded to the plaintiff. The plaintiff’s claim was
relatively straightforward whereas the defendant’s counterclaim involved more
issues. All other things being equal, it would be reasonable to expect that
any costs awarded to the defendant in respect of its counterclaim would be
higher than the costs awarded to the plaintiff on its claim.

63 However, the defendant failed to prove many of its allegations. The
defendant failed to prove the agreement which it alleged existed. Instead, it
was Deen’s evidence (given as witness for the plaintiff) that provided the
basis for the plaintiff’s liability to pay rent for the additional space
occupied by it and for its use of utilities. The defendant also failed to
prove the area which it alleged was occupied by the plaintiff, and the share
of utilities charges which it alleged should be borne by the plaintiff.

64 The defendant had scant regard for its obligation to produce evidence to
substantiate its allegations. It came to court without making the effort to
produce relevant evidence. The defendant cannot expect this court to simply
accept Balan’s estimates which were arbitrary and unsubstantiated. The
defendant’s conduct of this case has in my view caused unnecessary effort and
time to be spent by all involved.

65 Taking the above circumstances into consideration, in my judgment, this was
an appropriate case for an order that each party should bear its own costs.

Conclusion

66 For the above reasons:

(a) I entered judgment for the plaintiff in the sum of $17.632.50 with
interest at 5.33% per annum from the date of the writ to the date of judgment;

(b) I entered judgment for the defendant on its counterclaim in the sum of
$69,784 with interest at 5.33% per annum from the date of the writ to the date
of judgment; and

(c) I ordered each party to bear its own costs.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge

Nadiah Li Feng binte Mahmood (Kim & Co.) for the plaintiff  
by original action and defendant in the counterclaim;  
Mohamed Nawaz Kamil and Wong Joon Wee  
(Providence Law Asia LLC) for the defendant  
by original action and plaintiff in counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

