Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 256

Originating Summons No 841 of 2018

In the matter of Order 100 Rules 2 and 4 of the Rules of Court

(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of the development known as GOODLUCK GARDEN

(Strata Title Plan No 952) comprised in Land Lot No 4278P of Mukim 5

And

In the matter of the Stop Order dated 27 June 2018 issued by

the Strata Titles Boards pursuant to Section 84A(6A) of

the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 2009 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of an application under Section 84A(1) of

the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 2009 Rev Ed)

Between

(1)| Lim Hun Joo  
---|---  
(2)| Awe Ying Fatt  
(3)| Chan Keng Siang Gregory  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Kok Yin Chong  
---|---  
(2)| Ng Yuen Yau Olivia  
(3)| Ng Khee Shen  
(4)| Michelle Ang Suan Choo  
(5)| Lim Choo Hwee  
(6)| Poon Meng Mee  
(7)| Chong Chiah Joo  
(8)| Tan Thiam Yee  
(9)| Goh Lay Hoon (Wu Lifen)  
(10)| Gan Seng Hong  
(11)| Toh Wai Ling, Kathleen (Zhuo Weiling, Kathleen)  
(12)| Ang Ann Kiat  
(13)| Wong Lai Fun  
  
… Defendants

ORAL judgment

[Land] — [Strata titles] — [Collective sales]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Hun Joo and others

  

v

  

Kok Yin Chong and others

[2018] SGHC 256

High Court — Originating Summons No 841 of 2018  
Woo Bih Li J  
12–14 September 2018

26 November 2018 Judgment reserved.

Woo Bih Li J:

1 The plaintiffs commenced Originating Summons No 841 of 2018 to apply for an
order for the collective sale of a development known as Goodluck Garden (“the
Property”), pursuant to s 84A(1) of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158,
2009 Rev Ed) (“LTSA”). Pursuant to s 84A(2), the plaintiffs are the three
persons from the collective sale committee (“the CSC”) who were appointed by
the Property’s subsidiary proprietors to act jointly as their authorised
representatives in connection with this collective sale application. The CSC
was constituted pursuant to s 84A(1A) to act jointly on behalf of the
subsidiary proprietors for the purposes of the collective sale.

2 The defendants are 13 subsidiary proprietors who filed objections to the
collective sale to the High Court.

3 The court was informed that the plaintiffs have to obtain an order in
respect of the collective sale by 26 November 2018, failing which the
purchaser who has entered into a sale and purchase agreement to buy the
Property may treat it as rescinded. This oral judgment is rendered first. A
more elaborate and detailed grounds of decision will follow.

4 Therefore, although many issues of law and fact were raised, this oral
judgment will address the main ones only and will summarise the arguments and
the court’s reasons. References to statutory provisions are to provisions of
the LTSA unless otherwise stated.

Issues

5 In summary, the defendants raised the following main issues.

6 First, that the first plaintiff (“Lim”) and the third plaintiff (“Chan”)
each failed to declare an actual or a potential conflict of interest before
their elections into the CSC. This was because Lim has a relative and Chan has
two relatives, all of whom come within the meaning of “associate”, who each
owns another unit in the Property, and this failure to disclose was in breach
of para 2(1)(g) of the Third Schedule. Accordingly, under para 2(2) of the
Third Schedule, each of their appointments as members of the CSC is void.

7 The defendants argued that the present application before the court by all
three plaintiffs is ultra vires as all three were to act jointly in bringing
the application but they could not have done so because the appointments of
Lim and Chan as members of the CSC are void. Alternatively, the invalid
appointments are factors which assist the defendants to show that the
collective sale transaction is not in good faith.

8 Second, that there was a flagrant breach of paras 7(1)(b) and 7(1)(c) of the
Third Schedule because the approvals of the apportionment of sale proceeds and
of the terms and conditions of the collective sale agreement (“CSA”) were not
given at a general meeting of the management corporation.

9 Third, that the transaction in respect of the collective sale to the
purchaser is not in good faith. Many factors were raised by the defendants in
this regard but the main ones were:

(a) that Lim and Chan had actual or potential conflicts of interest which were
not disclosed;

(b) that the approvals of the apportionment of sale proceeds and of the terms
and conditions of the CSA were not given at a general meeting of the
management corporation;

(c) that the CSC failed to inform and consult the subsidiary proprietors about
a material change in the actual development charge (“DC”) for the Property
from the last estimate given by Knight Frank Pte Ltd (“Knight Frank”) and
failed to extend the closing date of the public tender; and

(d) that a valuation report by Colliers International Consultancy & Valuation
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Colliers”) dated 7 March 2018 was fundamentally flawed
and the CSC could not rely on it to justify the collective sale to the
purchaser.

Issue of ultra vires

10 As regards the first main issue, I am of the view that the mere fact that
an “associate” of Lim and two “associates” of Chan each owns another unit in
the Property does not mean that Lim and Chan respectively had an actual or a
potential conflict of interest. Hence, there was no breach of para 2(1)(g) of
the Third Schedule. I will elaborate on this later.

11 Even if, for the sake of argument, there was a breach by Lim and a breach
by Chan thus rendering each of their appointments void, this does not mean
that the application before this court is ultra vires.

12 The defendants’ reliance on the Court of Appeal case involving the
collective sale of Gilstead Court, ie, Lim Li Meng Dominic and others v Ching
Pui Sim Sally and another and another matter [2015] 5 SLR 989 is misplaced.
The originating summons in that case was ultra vires because the authorised
representatives, whose appointments were all valid, did not act jointly in
bringing the collective sale application. However, the application before this
court would not have been a similar case of the authorised representatives
failing to act jointly in bringing the collective sale application; Lim and
Chan would have ceased to be plaintiffs in this application and the second
plaintiff would become the sole authorised representative.

13 Accordingly, I conclude that the plaintiffs’ application before this court
is not ultra vires.

Issue of the approvals of the apportionment of sale proceeds and of the terms
and conditions of the CSA

14 As regards the second main issue, the plaintiffs submitted that it was
sufficient if more than 50% of the subsidiary proprietors who attended the
relevant general meeting signed the CSA.

15 I do not agree with the plaintiffs on this submission. The terms of the
relevant provisions are clear. I agree with the defendants that the approvals
of the apportionment of sale proceeds and of the terms and conditions of the
CSA are to be done at the general meeting. It was not disputed that the
signing of the CSA was done after the general meeting was concluded.

16 Indeed, para 7(2) of the Third Schedule makes this point even clearer. It
states that, “The meeting for any of the purposes in sub‑paragraph (1)(a), (b)
and (c) shall be convened before any subsidiary proprietor signs the
collective sale agreement.”

17 It was also not disputed that there was no voting on these aspects of the
CSA at the general meeting. In my view, the approval must be established by
some overt act like voting. It is not sufficient for the plaintiffs to say
that it was clear that a majority of those attending the meeting had approved
those aspects. It was not a unanimous decision. How would this clarity of
approval be established if not by voting?

18 Accordingly, there was a breach of paras 7(1)(b) and 7(1)(c) of the Third
Schedule.

19 Would that breach then invalidate the plaintiffs’ application?

20 Section 84A(7C) states that a Strata Titles Board shall not invalidate an
application to the Board for an order for a collective sale by reason only of
non-compliance with any requirement in the First, Second or Third Schedule if
the Board is satisfied that such non-compliance does not prejudice the
interest of any person, and the Board may make such order as may be necessary
to rectify the non-compliance and such order for costs.

21 This provision does not mention the High Court. Read together with s
84A(3), s 84A(7C) seems to apply only to the stage where an application is
made to the Board. The purpose seems to be so that the Board need not
invalidate any application before it simply because of a non-compliance. The
omission to mention the High Court appears deliberate but the omission still
means that the court has to grapple with the question as to whether a non-
compliance would necessarily invalidate an application to the High Court for
approval.

22 It seems to me that a non-compliance will not, in and of itself, invalidate
an application to the High Court even if the non-compliance is not of a merely
technical provision. This will accord with the framework in s 84A(7C)
regarding an application to the Board.

23 However, a non-compliance would result in the dismissal of an application
to the High Court if the circumstances pertaining to the non-compliance
amounts to an absence of good faith under s 84A(9)(a)(i).

24 I will therefore consider the CSC’s non-compliance with paras 7(1)(b) and
7(1)(c) of the Third Schedule in the context of the absence of good faith
argument.

Issue of good faith of the transaction

25 I come now to the third main issue, ie, the question of good faith.

“Good faith” in s 84A(9)(a)(i)

26 The meaning of “good faith” under s 84A(9)(a)(i) has been considered on
various occasions by the Court of Appeal, and recently in Ramachandran
Jayakumar and another v Woo Hon Wai and others and another matter [2017] 2 SLR
413 (“Shunfu Ville (CA)”). In its decision in Shunfu Ville (CA), the Court of
Appeal generally affirmed, once again, its judgment in Ng Eng Ghee and others
v Mamata Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and
another appeal [2009] 3 SLR(R) 109 (“Horizon Towers (CA)”). These two cases
should be the starting point for the test of good faith and not the High Court
case of Tsai Jean v Har Mee Lee and others [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1 involving the
collective sale of Cairnhill Heights which the plaintiffs relied on.

27 In taking into account the sale price for the test of good faith, the Court
of Appeal in Horizon Towers (CA) held that the word “transaction” in s
84A(9)(a)(i) (at [130]):

… embraces the entire sale process, including the marketing, the negotiations
and the finalisation of that sale price (all of which steps ought to be
evaluated in the context of prevailing market conditions), culminating in the
eventual sale of the property.

28 Ultimately, the test of good faith is concerned with whether the sale price
was the best price reasonably obtainable in the prevailing circumstances, or
as the Court of Appeal in Shunfu Ville (CA) framed it, whether the sale price
was appropriate in the circumstances (Shunfu Ville (CA) at [59], [61(c)]). The
Court of Appeal chose to frame the test as such because “determining what the
best price is can entail a theoretical inquiry” (at [61(c)]).

29 It is also apposite to repeat the Court of Appeal’s statements in Shunfu
Ville (CA) at [61(a)]:

… Absent any reason for thinking that members of a collective sale committee
are actuated by any improper motives or any conflict of interest, and absent
clear evidence that the transaction is tainted by unfairness towards some
subsidiary proprietors, in particular the dissenting subsidiary proprietors,
or by some deficit in the transaction, we think as a matter of common sense,
that the transaction will less likely be refused approval. This follows
because, as was noted in [Horizon Towers (CA)] itself at [131], ‘good faith’
under s 84A(9)(a)(i)(A) of the LTSA entails considerations of good faith as a
matter of common law and equity; this usually entails a finding of some want
of probity on the part of the relevant parties, although this can be inferred
from aspects of the transaction itself. [emphasis added]

Burden of proof

30 A preliminary issue is, which party has the burden of proof?

31 The plaintiffs said the burden of proof is on the defendants to prove the
absence of good faith. The plaintiffs relied on the decision of the High Court
in Woo Hon Wai and others v Ramachandran Jayakumar and others [2017] 4 SLR 74
involving the collective sale of Shunfu Ville. There, the High Court said, at
[55], that he who asserts must prove and also referred to the language in s
84A(9)(a)(i) to conclude that the burden lay on the objectors there to
establish the absence of good faith.

32 On the other hand, the defendants relied on the decision of the Court of
Appeal in Horizon Towers (CA) where the court was of the view at [200] that
the Board had wrongly placed the burden of proof on the objectors. The court
said that once prima facie evidence of bad faith is produced by the objectors,
the applicants have the task of disproving such bad faith and establishing
that the transaction is in good faith. The court also cited s 113 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) but it seems that this was obiter dicta as
it appears that neither party before the court there had relied on that
statutory provision.

33 Section 113 of the Evidence Act states:

Where there is a question as to the good faith of a transaction between
parties, one of whom stands to the other in a position of active confidence,
the burden of proving the good faith of the transaction is on the party who is
in a position of active confidence.

34 In my view, s 113 does not apply here because the transaction is the
collective sale of the Property and that transaction is between the subsidiary
proprietors and the purchaser. It is not between the assenting and the
dissenting subsidiary proprietors, or between the CSC and the dissenting
subsidiary proprietors.

35 Nevertheless, I am of the view that the legal burden is on the plaintiffs
to establish that the transaction is in good faith for the following reasons.

36 As the plaintiffs are seeking a court order for the collective sale, then
as a matter of general principle, it should be they who have the burden of
persuading the court to grant the order.

37 This is reinforced by s 84A(10) which applies where no objection has been
filed to the High Court. In that event, the determination of good faith under
s 84A(9) is to be made by the court on the basis of the facts available to it.
If the legal burden of proof were not on the plaintiffs, then it would follow
that the court will grant the order for the collective sale whenever no
objection has been filed. However, s 84A(10) suggests that that does not
necessarily follow. The court may still decide not to grant the order for the
collective sale on the facts available to it. This points to the legal burden
being on the plaintiffs all the time.

38 However, from the practical point of view, it is the case that in contested
applications, objections will be filed. The objectors adduce the evidence to
support the allegations of bad faith and if that establishes a prima facie
case of bad faith, then the applicants have to counter such allegations with
evidence and/or arguments of their own. However, the legal burden remains with
the applicants to establish that the collective sale transaction is in good
faith.

Sub-issues

39 I come now to the main factors which the defendants raised to allege bad
faith. I will refer to them as sub-issues. I add that in view of s 84A(4A),
the defendants are entitled to rely only on those grounds of objections which
they had stated in the objections they filed to the Board and not new ones
unless they could not have known at that time of the facts giving rise to
those new grounds of objection (see the decision of the High Court in Ngui Gek
Lian Philomene and others v Chan Kiat and others (HSR International Realtors
Pte Ltd, intervener) [2013] 4 SLR 694 involving the collective sale of Thomson
View Condominium). In this oral judgment, however, I will not discuss whether
the following sub-issues were raised before the Board, but will deal with them
as if they had been raised before the Board. I will discuss whether they were
raised before the Board subsequently in the grounds of decision.

Conflict of interest

40 The first sub-issue is the question about conflict of interest. As
mentioned already, it was not in dispute that Lim and Chan have associates who
each owns another unit in the Property. Before Lim and Chan were elected as
members of the CSC, they did not declare any conflict of interest. Indeed,
their position was that there was no actual or potential conflict.

41 The question here is whether there was an actual or a potential conflict of
interest by reason only of the fact that an associate owns another unit.

42 The defendants referred to a speech made by Mr K Shanmugam, the Minister
for Law, in Parliament which suggested that disclosure of the fact that an
associate owns another unit must be made. However, the terms of the relevant
statutory provision are paramount.

43 The relevant provision is para 2(1)(g) of the Third Schedule which states:

2.—(1) If a person standing for election as a member of a collective sale
committee is aware of any conflict of interest or potential conflict of
interest, if any, with his duties or interests as a member of the collective
sale committee (should he be elected) arising from —

…

(g) his associate’s possession or ownership of any lot or common property that
may be the subject of the collective sale,

he shall, before his election, declare at the general meeting convened for
such election, the nature and extent of all such conflicts of interest or
potential conflicts of interest.

[emphasis added in bold]

44 The phrase “if any” is important. In my view, it means that the mere fact
that an associate owns another unit does not necessarily mean that there is an
actual or a potential conflict. Otherwise that qualification “if any” is
otiose.

45 Was there any evidence of an actual or a potential conflict other than the
fact of the ownership of a unit by an associate?

46 The defendants submitted that the associates of Lim and Chan own the same
type of unit as them, resulting in what would appear to be an
overrepresentation of that type of unit on the CSC. However, there was no
suggestion that the apportionment of sale proceeds was unfair. Just as the
mere fact of an associate’s ownership of another unit is insufficient to give
rise to an actual or a potential conflict of interest, the mere fact that that
other unit is of the same type is also insufficient.

47 If I were wrong on this point, the conduct of Lim and Chan should be
considered further. They said they relied on legal advice that there was no
actual or potential conflict of interest on their part. This was not disputed.
I am of the view that they were entitled to rely on legal advice even if that
advice turned out to be wrong.

48 However, the defendants argued that Lim and Chan were trying to hide the
fact of ownership by their associates because when questions were asked about
such ownership, they declined to answer frankly. Furthermore, when the
defendants’ lawyers wrote to the plaintiffs’ lawyers to pursue this question
after objections had been filed to the Board, the plaintiffs’ lawyers avoided
giving an answer until the defendants’ lawyers sent a more formal request by
way of interrogatories. It was only then that the plaintiffs gave the answer.

49 The plaintiffs’ lawyers explained orally that it was their oversight in
omitting to respond to the written requests for the information. When the
interrogatories were served, the plaintiffs answered promptly without
challenging the need for the interrogatories.

50 In the circumstances, I accept that even if Lim and Chan were obliged in
law to disclose the fact of ownership by their associates, the omission to do
so was based on legal advice. That omission, as well as the omission by the
plaintiffs’ lawyers to answer questions raised by the defendants’ lawyers
concerning the question of ownership of units by associates, was not evidence
of bad faith.

51 That said, I agree that the matter should have been better handled by Lim
and Chan and the plaintiffs’ lawyers. Even though the lawyers had advised that
there was no conflict, the lawyers should also have advised them to disclose
the ownership by their associates to avoid unnecessary suspicion. Furthermore,
this would have been the prudent step in case their lawyers’ advice that there
was no actual or potential conflict was wrong. The refusal by Lim and Chan to
disclose, when initially asked, fuelled suspicion that something was amiss.
Later, the omission to respond to written requests from the defendants’
lawyers added more fuel to the suspicion. By the time a positive answer was
given, it appeared to come too late to assuage the suspicion raised. The
matter was not well handled especially by the plaintiffs’ lawyers but that too
was not evidence of bad faith on the part of plaintiffs’ lawyers or the CSC.

Approvals of the apportionment of sale proceeds and of the terms and
conditions of the CSA

52 I come to the second main sub-issue on the omission to approve the
apportionment of sale proceeds and of the terms and conditions of the CSA at a
general meeting of the management corporation. I have already touched upon
this earlier.

53 To recapitulate, this omission was a breach of paras 7(1)(b) and 7(1)(c) of
the Third Schedule. Unfortunately, this omission was the result of advice from
the lawyers for the CSC who also act for the plaintiffs. They had advised that
it was sufficient for the assenting subsidiary proprietors to sign the CSA
after the meeting. Clearly, such advice was wrong.

54 Relying on such advice, the CSC stuck to the position that there was to be
no voting at the general meeting even though some subsidiary proprietors had
questioned whether this position was correct. It was unfortunate that the CSC
members appeared not to have considered the matter more carefully by
themselves. It appears that they simply accepted their lawyers’ advice without
question. While they were entitled to rely on lawyers’ advice, the CSC members
should have questioned the validity of the advice in the light of questions
being raised and of the clear terms of paras 7(1)(b) and 7(1)(c) and also para
7(2). Be that as it may, the breach of the relevant provisions was caused by
the lawyers for the CSC. It was not evidence of bad faith on the part of the
CSC. I add that I am not persuaded that there was prejudice to any subsidiary
proprietor.

DC

55 The third main sub-issue on the question of good faith pertains to the DC.

56 Knight Frank, who was the marketing agent for the collective sale, had
given three estimates of the DC to the subsidiary proprietors. The amount of
each estimate increased, from an initial estimate of $48.4m to the third and
last estimate of $63.19m. Knight Frank had also alerted the subsidiary
proprietors about the likelihood of an increase in the DC rates from 1 March
2018.

57 Knight Frank and the CSC did not wait for a formal response from the Urban
Redevelopment Authority (“URA”), which would provide information to determine
the actual amount of DC (“the DC verification”), before the Property was
launched for sale on 26 January 2018. Knight Frank had earlier appointed an
architectural company to make the relevant searches to obtain the DC
verification but Knight Frank and the CSC did not wait for the outcome.
Instead, soon after the consent threshold of the subsidiary proprietors of the
lots with not less than 80% of the share values and not less than 80% of the
total area of all the lots was reached, the Property was launched for sale by
way of public tender on 26 January 2018 with the outcome of the DC
verification pending.

58 As it turned out, URA sent a reply dated 26 February 2018 to the
architectural company with information which revealed that no DC was in fact
payable.

59 Knight Frank immediately began updating potential bidders in various ways.
After urgent discussions between Knight Frank and the CSC, it was then decided
that the closing date of the tender, ie, 7 March 2018, was not to be extended.

60 In the meantime, Colliers had also been appointed to give an independent
valuation of the Property as at 7 March 2018.

61 On that date, the tender box was opened. There were:

(a) one expression of interest at $480m;

(b) one bid at $580m; and

(c) a second bid at $610m.

62 Colliers’ report was also opened. Colliers valued the Property at $542m.

63 As the higher of the two bids was higher than both the valuation by
Colliers and the reserve price of $550m, the CSC awarded the tender on 8 March
2018 to the joint-bidders who had submitted that bid. The joint-bidders
subsequently nominated the purchaser to purchase the Property in place of
them.

(1) Parties’ arguments

64 The defendants’ objection was that the DC verification was material. This
was so especially since the subsidiary proprietors had been informed of
increasing estimates of the DC before the launch of the Property for sale. The
DC had a bearing on the reserve price and on bids from potential bidders.

65 The defendants alleged that the CSC should have obtained the DC
verification from URA before the launch of the Property for sale. Knight
Frank’s terms of appointment stipulated that the searches to obtain the DC
verification were to be done before the Property was launched for sale. The
CSC should not have rushed to have the Property launched for sale without
obtaining the DC verification.

66 Furthermore, when the DC verification was obtained, the CSC should have
extended the closing date of the tender, and informed and consulted the
subsidiary proprietors about this material information so that they could
decide whether to raise the reserve price. That might in turn have yielded a
higher bid from potential bidders. The CSC had acted wrongly in sticking to
the original deadline for the close of the tender.

67 The CSC had also acted wrongly in relying on Colliers’ report which was
fundamentally flawed. On this point, the defendants relied on a belated
valuation by Asian Assets Allianz Pte Ltd (“AAA”) dated 20 August 2018 which
valued the Property at $637m.

68 The defendants submitted that the above conduct of the CSC was evidence of
bad faith.

69 The plaintiffs disagreed. They and Knight Frank said that Knight Frank was
to obtain the DC verification only after the 80% consent threshold had been
achieved. This was done. There was no obligation on Knight Frank to obtain the
DC verification before the launch of the Property for sale. It was market
practice to launch the Property for sale and seek the DC verification
concurrently.

70 The plaintiffs also suggested that the DC was not material. They submitted
that there was no direct correlation between (a) the DC and bid prices, (b)
the DC and the reserve price and (c) the reserve price and bid prices.

71 The plaintiffs said that Knight Frank had acted promptly to notify
potential bidders about the fact that no DC was payable. Potential bidders
would have been able to react quickly to the news as they would have done
their homework (like their feasibility studies) already. There was no need to
extend the closing date of the tender and no one had requested for such an
extension. In any event, the higher bid was higher than Colliers’ valuation
and Colliers’ valuation was valid whereas the valuation by AAA was not.

(2) Decision

72 I am of the view that the DC verification was material. It was absurd for
the plaintiffs and Knight Frank to try and downplay its importance for the
hearing of the plaintiffs’ application to the court.

73 In a situational update from the CSC dated 18 October 2017, which was
provided with inputs from Knight Frank, the CSC stated that the DC was one of
the factors that had been taken into consideration to establish the reserve
price. It was not disputed that the reserve price was important to the
subsidiary proprietors as they would not be obliged to sell if a bid was below
the reserve price.

74 While it might be likely that potential bidders would not place too much
weight on the reserve price when deciding how much the Property was worth,
this did not mean that the DC was irrelevant to them. On the contrary, they
would still take into account the DC. Indeed, Knight Frank said as much when
it sent a letter dated 8 December 2017 to alert the subsidiary proprietors of
the high likelihood that DC rates would rise from 1 March 2018. Furthermore,
the fact that Knight Frank had to act urgently to inform potential bidders
that there was no DC payable proves that the DC was material information to
such parties.

75 In summary:

(a) the DC was important to potential bidders; and

(b) the DC was also a factor in determining the reserve price which was more
important to subsidiary proprietors than to potential bidders.

76 Should Knight Frank have obtained the DC verification before the launch of
the Property for sale? Leaving aside the evidence for the time being, I would
have thought that, as a matter of general principle, such important
information should logically be obtained first before a sales launch so that
subsidiary proprietors are making an informed decision as to what reserve
price to set and also eventually what price to accept. Also, even though I
accept that the reserve price is not likely to influence the bid price from
potential bidders, the DC itself does influence the bid price. Therefore, it
is also preferable if such information is provided to potential bidders
earlier rather than later. I come now to the terms of the scope of services
which Knight Frank was to provide. The terms of the scope of services were
included in the CSA and both sides relied on the terms.

77 While it is true that the terms provided for Knight Frank to carry out the
exercise to obtain the DC verification upon achieving the 80% consent
threshold, this did not mean that Knight Frank was to obtain the DC
verification concurrently in the period when the public tender remained open.

78 Both the CSC and Knight Frank had overlooked the following. Knight Frank
had divided its scope of work into three stages: “Pre-Sale Preparation”,
“Marketing Stage” and “Post Marketing Stage”. The provision about obtaining
the DC verification was placed only under the first stage, ie, the Pre-Sale
Preparation. The second stage, ie, the Marketing Stage, did not include any
work pertaining to the receipt of or evaluation of the DC verification.

79 Likewise, in an “Estimated Project Timeline” provided by Knight Frank at
the extraordinary general meeting on 9 September 2017 which showed the
sequence of various events, the step to carry out the DC verification was
shown as occurring before the launch of the Property for sale. There was no
other step shown to suggest that the receipt of and evaluation of the DC
verification would be done concurrently in the period when the public tender
remained open.

80 Quite clearly, Knight Frank’s own terms of appointment envisaged that the
DC verification was to have been carried out and concluded before the launch
of the Property for sale. It was therefore not open to Knight Frank or the CSC
to try and argue that it was market practice to do otherwise.

81 It was not the case of the plaintiffs that the CSC and Knight Frank knew
that Knight Frank was supposed to obtain the DC verification first but, for
some good reason, they both agreed not to stick to the original sequence
envisaged and agreed instead to obtain the DC verification later. Instead, it
was the plaintiffs’ case that Knight Frank’s terms of appointment did not
require Knight Frank to obtain the DC verification first before the launch of
the Property for sale. As I have mentioned, the plaintiffs were wrong on this
point.

82 It seems that the CSC and Knight Frank were in some haste to launch the
sale because of concerns about competing land sites and the likelihood that DC
rates would be raised from 1 March 2018. Even then, they should have been more
careful about the possibility that the DC might be materially different from
Knight Frank’s latest estimate.

83 The truth of the matter is that Knight Frank and the CSC, as well as the
lawyers for the CSC, were all complacent about the DC. Even though Knight
Frank had made it clear that Knight Frank’s estimates of the DC were subject
to verification, they had all assumed that there would be no material
difference between the last estimate of the DC given by Knight Frank before
the launch of the Property for sale and the actual DC as verified. This was
why the CSC, Knight Frank and the lawyers for the CSC were prepared to let the
Property be launched for sale without obtaining the DC verification first.
That was also why none of them had highlighted to the subsidiary proprietors
that the actual DC could be very different from the last estimate provided.
Apparently neither Knight Frank nor the lawyers advised the CSC to ask for
guidance from the subsidiary proprietors as to what the CSC should do in the
event of a material difference.

84 The DC verification result was a material development. There was nil DC
instead of the $63.19m given in the last estimate by Knight Frank. It is
unclear when the CSC’s lawyers knew about this development.

85 In my view, as the information concerning the nil DC was received barely
over a week before the close of the tender, the CSC should have extended the
closing date of the tender by at least one week.

86 This would have given Knight Frank more time to disseminate this material
information and potential bidders would have had more time to absorb such
information and respond if they so wished, although I agree that Knight Frank
did act quickly to disseminate the information.

87 Furthermore, the CSC should have informed and consulted the subsidiary
proprietors about this material development. Whether or not the reserve price
would have been raised and whether or not potential bidders would have taken
into account the reserve price, the point is that the subsidiary proprietors
had been given, although inadvertently, an inaccurate impression about the DC
and this should have been corrected immediately. They should also have been
given a chance to have their say as to what the next step should be. An
extension of at least one week would have given the CSC time to call for an
urgent meeting of the subsidiary proprietors or, if possible, a waiver of
short notice of an extraordinary general meeting.

88 As it was, when the subsidiary proprietors were subsequently informed about
the new information at a meeting on 19 March 2018, queries were raised as to
why they were not informed more promptly. Having said that, I accept that no
assenting subsidiary proprietor sought to withdraw from the CSA and apparently
some subsidiary proprietors added their signatures to the CSA.

89 I find that, unfortunately, Knight Frank and the CSC did not even consider
whether the new information should have been disclosed to the subsidiary
proprietors at the material time. This was not a case where they had raised
and discussed this question. It did not cross their minds.

90 I find that when the CSC failed to consider whether to inform and consult
the subsidiary proprietors or not, the CSC acted wrongly. They had been too
focused on the potential bidders that they lost sight of the subsidiary
proprietors.

91 Fortunately for the CSC, Colliers’ valuation was just below the reserve
price and the higher bid was higher than the valuation and the reserve prices.

Colliers’ valuation

92 The question then is whether Colliers’ valuation was fundamentally flawed
as alleged by the defendants. This pertained to the fourth sub-issue about
good faith.

93 In summary, both valuations took into account the fact that there was no
DC. However, AAA’s valuation at $637m was much higher than Colliers’ valuation
at $542m. This was because both valuations were based on different premises.

94 Colliers’ valuation was based on a gross plot ratio (“GPR”) of 1.4 as
permitted under the URA Master Plan 2014. AAA’s valuation was based on a GPR
of 1.655. This was because AAA did not use the GPR provided under the URA
Master Plan 2014. Instead, it used the information from the development charge
baseline applicable to the Property.

95 However, it was clear that the development charge baseline information only
determined whether there would be any DC. The development charge baseline
information did not provide information on the permissible GPR. The URA letter
dated 26 February 2018 stated as much.

96 Nevertheless, AAA was of the view that a valuation should take into account
the possibility that URA might allow a higher GPR in view of the development
charge baseline. It reasoned that there was no doubt that any developer would
promptly request URA to approve a development based on a GPR of 1.655.

97 I am of the view that AAA’s reasoning was misplaced. It is one thing to
assume that a successful bidder will request for a higher GPR, it is another
to assume that it is prepared to commit to a price based on a possibility that
it would obtain approval for a higher GPR.

98 It is different if AAA’s reasoning was that there should be a tiered
pricing or tiered valuation. The first tier should be based on the current GPR
of 1.4. The second is then based on the possible increase of the GPR. From the
CSC’s point of view, this would perhaps then mean that the CSC should have
obtained a tiered pricing, ie, a committed price based on the current GPR with
a premium if a higher GPR was allowed. However, AAA did not present its
valuation on a tiered basis. Neither did the defendants argue that the CSC
should have obtained a tiered pricing from the purchaser. Their argument was
more basic, ie, that Colliers was wrong to use the GPR of 1.4 in its
valuation.

99 In my view, Colliers’ valuation was not flawed. On the contrary, AAA’s
valuation was flawed. A valuation should be based on existing facts. A
property may be under-utilised at present and, based on existing facts, its
potential is known. This is different from valuing a property based only on a
possibility of achieving a higher GPR. I agree with Colliers that such an
approach would be speculative. It would be inappropriate for the purpose of a
valuation intended to assist the CSC in a collective sale.

100 It is also important to note that AAA did not say that Colliers’ valuation
was wrong if it was correctly based on a GPR of 1.4.

Conclusion

101 After considering all the facts holistically, including those not
specifically mentioned in this oral judgment, I conclude that although the
conduct of the CSC, Knight Frank and the lawyers for the CSC was wanting in
various respects, there was no bad faith after taking into account the sale
price, which was $68m or 12.55% higher than Colliers’ valuation.

102 As it turns out, the subsequent cooling measures introduced by the
government in or about July 2018 makes the sale price seem even more
favourable for all subsidiary proprietors, although this has no direct bearing
on the question of good faith which is to be determined at the time the sale
process was undertaken.

103 The plaintiffs have proven that the transaction is in good faith.
Accordingly, I grant an order in terms of prayers 1 to 6 and 9 of the
plaintiffs’ application with the qualification that the “Minority Owners”, as
defined in the application, need not pay the majority owners’ solicitors’
costs in the application and hearing fees until this question is later
determined by the court after hearing arguments on it. Likewise, prayers 7 and
8 of the application regarding costs and disbursements will be heard at a
later date.

104 Although the CSC and their professional advisors may view this court’s
decision as a victory for the majority owners, I hope that they reflect long
and hard on their missteps. It is also a pity that the plaintiffs were not
more forthcoming in their conduct of the litigation. They were slow to
acknowledge the possibility that there might have been missteps in the sale
process. I will take the missteps and the way in which the litigation was
conducted by both sides into account on the question of costs and
disbursements to be decided later.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Wong Soon Peng Adrian, Ang Leong Hao, Gan Hiang Chye and Norman Ho (Rajah &
Tann Singapore LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
Tan Gim Hai Adrian, Ong Pei Ching and Goh Qian’en, Benjamin (TSMP Law
Corporation) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

