Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2018] SGHC 198

Suit No 388 of 2017

Between

Alam Jahangir  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Mega Metal Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

A N D

Between

Mega Metal Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

Alam Jahangir  
---  
  
… Defendant in Counterclaim

grounds of decision

[Damages] — [Contributory negligence]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Breach of duty]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Alam Jahangir

  

v

  

Mega Metal Pte Ltd

[2018] SGHC 198

High Court — Suit No 388 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
17 May; 25 June, 13 July 2018

17 September 2018

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff, Alam Jahangir, is a 43 year-old Bangladeshi national. He came
to Singapore in 2003 to work as a construction worker. He began his employment
with the defendant, Mega Metal Pte Ltd, on 31 January 2004. The plaintiff was
employed as a metal melter, caster and rolling mill operator. The defendant
was in the business of metal waste collection and recycling. In particular,
the defendant collected food and beverage cans that are made of aluminium or
iron with tin coating.

2 In this Suit, the plaintiff claims damages against the defendant for an
injury sustained during the course of his employment. The accident took place
on 16 May 2016 at around 11.23am at the defendant’s premises. The accident
occurred while the plaintiff was operating a machine which separated waste
metal cans made of aluminium from those made of other metals (“the machine”).
Sometime around 11am, the machine operator, one Chen Moey, went for his lunch
break. The plaintiff took over the operation of the machine.

3 The machine uses a conveyor belt and a magnetised drum to separate the non-
aluminium cans from the aluminium ones. The process begins by feeding waste
cans onto the conveyor belt, which is inclined upwards. The conveyor belt
turns on two rollers located at the centre of the machine. As the waste cans
are brought upwards, a magnetised drum located about halfway along the
conveyor belt picks out the non-aluminium cans and diverts them onto a
different track. These cans fall into a bin. The aluminium cans, which are not
picked out by the magnetised drum, roll along the conveyor belt and fall into
a separate bin at the end of the belt.

4 In the normal operation of the machine, cans sometimes get stuck in the
rollers. That was what occurred in this case. The plaintiff noticed two cans
stuck in the rollers. He tried to dislodge the cans with the end of a broom.
He succeeded in dislodging one, but the other can remained stuck. When he
realised that that was proving futile, he reached into the space between the
rollers with his right arm in an attempt to dislodge the can. Unfortunately,
his arm was caught by and pulled into the roller. The plaintiff’s co-workers
heard his calls for help and turned off the machine. The power-off switch to
the machine was located to the left of the plaintiff and was within an arm’s
length from where the plaintiff was standing at the time.

5 The plaintiff was sent to Ng Teng Fong General Hospital for emergency
treatment and care, and later transferred to National University Hospital
(“NUH”) for further treatment. The plaintiff was diagnosed as having sustained
a crush injury to his right arm. He had a degloving near amputation of the
mid-upper segment of the right arm with a concomitant open fracture of the
right humerus. The plaintiff underwent an arm reattachment procedure, followed
by a series of interim procedures for wound care. He was discharged from NUH
on 5 August 2016 with long term anti-coagulation for deep vein thrombosis. The
plaintiff underwent a secondary wrist fusion surgery on 19 October 2016 to
improve the function of his right arm.

6 The plaintiff claims the accident occurred as a result of a breach of the
defendant’s duty of care as the plaintiff’s employer. It is said that the
defendant ought to have taken steps to make the machine safer, such as:

(a) setting up guards (eg, a wire mesh fence) which prevent access to nip
points such as the one in which the plaintiff’s arm got caught;

(b) implementing an emergency stop device;

(c) implementing warning signals, whether audible or visible, to complement
the installed guards; and

(d) implementing other secondary safety precautions such as the provision of
hand-feeding tools or the installation of trip devices on the detection of
intrusion into the machine while it is running.

7 The defendant does not dispute that it owes a duty of care to the plaintiff
as its employee, but claims that it did not breach its duty of care for the
following reasons:

(a) First, the space between the rollers of the machine, ie, the part that the
plaintiff’s arm got caught in, was not such a dangerous part of the machine
that it needed to be fenced up. In fact, the machine was approved for use in
Singapore when it was acquired in 2006. The space between the rollers was not
an area that the plaintiff would ordinarily come into contact with when he
discharges his primary duties.

(b) Second, such fencing was unnecessary given the availability of the power-
off switch in close proximity to where the plaintiff was standing. This was a
separate safety feature on the machine.

8 The defendant’s counsel further submits that if it is found to have breached
its duty of care to the plaintiff, damages owing to the plaintiff should be
apportioned owing to the plaintiff’s contributory negligence. Counsel argues
that the conduct of the plaintiff in attempting to dislodge the cans with his
bare arm, before powering down the machine, created a significant risk of
injury that could easily have been avoided. Counsel submits that it should pay
only 10% of the total damages.

9 The plaintiff’s primary position on contributory negligence is that he was
not contributorily negligent at all. In the alternative, his counsel submits
that a minimal figure of 10% liability (ie, to receive 90% of the damages) is
appropriate should the court find the plaintiff to be contributorily
negligent. The plaintiff submits that he was not properly trained to operate
the machine, and that he was merely following a common practice adopted by his
colleagues in using his hand to dislodge the can while the machine continued
to run.

10 In my judgment, the defendant is liable to the plaintiff for breaching its
duty of care in not having sufficient fencing to stop workers reaching into
the rollers, but I also accept that the plaintiff was partly responsible for
the injury. I find that the plaintiff was contributorily negligent to the
extent of 50%.

11 An employer’s duty to keep the workplace safe is a duty that is intended
for the careful worker, it must contemplate dangers that lay in wait for the
careless ones as well, but if a worker injures himself through his own
carelessness, he must bear some responsibility for the mishap. The extent of
his contribution depends on the facts, and the greater the carelessness the
more responsibility he has to bear. Low level carelessness may include simple
absent-mindedness or momentary inattention though this also depends on the
activity in question. Recklessness will form the higher levels of contributory
negligence, and this includes cases where pedestrians injure themselves when
they dash across a road without looking, giving the motorist only a small
chance of avoiding the accident. The degree of contributory negligence at the
reckless level depends on the actor and the act, of course, but sometimes the
circumstances may also ameliorate or aggravate the liability of the parties.

12 In this case, the defendant had bought the machine as it was, making no
alteration or modification to it. If an accident had happened because of an
unauthorised modification to a machinery, the employer who had modified it has
to bear a greater responsibility for any accident that is attributed to that
modification. The case before me is slightly different. The accusation here is
that the defendant ought to have modified the machinery to make it safer. We
can see at once how that complicates the apportionment of the defendant’s
responsibility. The defendant bought the machine from an established
manufacturer. Were it to modify the machine, it runs the risk of imposing a
greater responsibility should the modification cause problems in the use of
the machine, and ultimately, accidents.

13 The evidence before me indicates that, as it was, an open, unprotected
rolling machine such as the defendant’s was a source of danger for careless
employees, and some protective grating was probably needed. The manufacturer
was not joined as a third party so we do not have its views as to why there
was no factory fitted grating, and no further apportionment can be made so as
to split the liability between the employer and the manufacturer. That leaves
us with the conduct of the plaintiff. He was an experienced worker and was
also a trainer of new workers on the use of the machine in question. He knew
that should there be any need to stop the machine, the switch is close at
hand, just about an arms-length away. When he found a metal can stuck in the
rollers, he did not stop the machine. Instead, he stuck his hand between the
running rollers in an effort to dislodge the can. This was an act of
negligence bordering on recklessness.

14 Finally, the defendant’s counterclaim for reimbursement of medical expenses
and medical leave wages that it has paid so far to the plaintiff is premised
on the plaintiff failing to prove that the defendant was liable. I dismiss the
counterclaim as my decision to apportion damages between the plaintiff and the
defendant will account for that. The defendant is thus liable for only 50% of
the medical expenses and medical leave wages. To the extent that the defendant
has paid more than that, the excess will be set off against the general
damages to be recovered by the plaintiff. To allow the counterclaim in full is
to give the defendant double recovery. As a result of the apportionment of
damages, the defendant will be able to recover 50% of the medical expenses and
medical leave wages it had paid, or have it set-off against its outstanding
liability to the plaintiff.

15 I will hear the parties on costs after the assessment of damages. Parties
are at liberty to apply for directions regarding the assessment of damages.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Namasivayam Srinivasan (Hoh Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Ramasamy s/o Karuppan Chettiar and Simone B Chettiar (Central Chambers Law
Corporation) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

