Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2018] SGCA 43

Criminal Appeal No 60 of 2017

Between

MUHAMMAD SUTARNO BIN NASIR  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Totality principle]  
[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Rule against double
counting]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Muhammad Sutarno bin Nasir

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2018] SGCA 43

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 60 of 2017  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Quentin Loh J  
30 July 2018

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This is an appeal against the sentence imposed by the High Court on the
appellant, who pleaded guilty to three charges: (a) aggravated rape punishable
under s 375(3)(a)(i) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed); (b) house-
breaking by night with theft punishable under s 457 of the Penal Code; and (c)
possession of diamorphine in contravention of s 8(a) and punishable under s
33(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). The appellant
admitted to breaking into the home of a 27-year-old female (“the victim”) at
night, punching her several times and raping her, and stealing items from her
home. He also admitted to having ownership and possession of a straw of
diamorphine, which had been recovered from a café that he had broken into on
another occasion.

2 The High Court Judge (“the Judge”) sentenced the appellant to an aggregate
sentence of 21 years’ imprisonment and 18 strokes of the cane. This comprised
three consecutive sentences: 16 years and 18 strokes for the rape offence,
three years for the house-breaking offence, and two years for the drug
possession offence. The appellant contends that his overall sentence is
manifestly excessive and that the three sentences should run concurrently
instead of consecutively.

Facts

3 The relevant facts are set out in the statement of facts which the appellant
admitted to.

4 On 24 July 2016 at about 5am, the appellant was walking in the vicinity of
the victim’s housing estate intending to break into a house to steal items. He
climbed through an open window on the second floor of a walk-up shop-house
unit in which the victim and her grandmother resided.

5 After ransacking the living room, the appellant entered the victim’s bedroom
where he saw her sleeping. He covered the victim’s mouth and squeezed her neck
to prevent her from screaming. He then punched her in the face several times
to silence and immobilise her. The victim pretended to have fainted in order
to avoid being physically assaulted further. The appellant removed the
victim’s shorts and underwear and penetrated her vagina with his penis for
about two minutes. The appellant then left the unit with the victim’s mobile
phone as well as the victim’s and her grandmother’s handbags.

6 The police and paramedics were called and the victim was brought to the
hospital. The victim’s medical report stated that she was distressed,
dishevelled and vomiting. She had three bruises of about 1–2cm in length on
her cheeks, chest and arm, a 2cm abrasion on her neck, a contusion on her lip,
and experienced tenderness in her back.

7 The appellant was arrested later that morning at 10.20 am. The police found
one glass bottle and two glass tubes in his pocket. The appellant admitted to
ownership and possession of these items, which are utensils used for drug
consumption.

8 The appellant’s DNA was found on the victim’s endocervical swab, and his
semen and DNA were found on the victim’s underwear. The victim’s blood and DNA
were detected on the inter-digital area of the appellant’s left hand. The
victim’s DNA was also found on his penile swab.

9 The victim was subsequently referred to the Institute of Mental Health for a
psychiatric assessment. She told her psychiatrist that she was extremely
terrified in the immediate aftermath of the rape and that her fiancé broke up
with her because she was raped. She reported struggling with thoughts of self-
blame. The psychiatrist found that she was suffering from post-traumatic
stress disorder with prominent intrusive memories of the event.

10 The statement of facts further relates an earlier incident which took place
in the morning of 27 June 2016 when a manager of a café discovered that the
café had been broken into. A small sling bag was found on the premises and it
contained the appellant’s expired passport as well as a straw containing not
less than 0.15g of white granular powdery substance later analysed and found
to contain diamorphine. The appellant admitted to having ownership and
possession of the bag and its contents.

11 In the proceedings below, the appellant pleaded guilty to the charges of
house-breaking by night with theft and aggravated rape in respect of his
actions on 24 July 2016. He also pleaded guilty to the drug possession charge
in respect of the diamorphine which was found on 27 June 2016.

12 The appellant agreed to the following five charges being taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing (“TIC charges”):

(a) house-breaking by night with theft, punishable under s 457 of the Penal
Code, by breaking a glass panel on a door of a post office to gain entry into
a building used for the custody of property to commit theft of a jacket on 26
June 2016;

(b) house-breaking by night, punishable under s 456 of the Penal Code, by
prying open the kitchen door of a café to gain entry into a building used for
the custody of property on 26 June 2016;

(c) consumption of morphine in contravention of s 8(b)(ii) and punishable
under s 33(1) of the MDA, on or before 24 July 2016;

(d) consumption of methamphetamine in contravention of s 8(b)(ii) and
punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA, on or before 24 July 2016; and

(e) possession of utensils intended for the consumption of diamorphine in
contravention of s 9 and punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA, on 24 July 2016.

Our decision

Sentence for the rape charge

13 We begin by considering the sentence imposed on the appellant for
aggravated rape, which was the most serious charge against him. The sentencing
framework for rape offences was laid down by this Court in Ng Kean Meng
Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”). Under this
framework, cases fall within one of three sentencing bands depending on the
number of offence-specific aggravating factors present.

14 The present facts place this case within Band 2, which comprises cases of a
higher level of seriousness usually involving two or more offence-specific
aggravating factors: Terence Ng at [53]. First, the appellant committed
violence beyond what was necessary for the commission of the rape by punching
and strangling the victim. Second, he caused the victim to suffer severe harm
in the form of psychological trauma and physical injuries. As the Judge noted,
the victim’s medical reports and CT scans showed lesions suggestive of acute
bleeding in the brain as a result of the appellant’s repeated assault on her
face. We observed in Terence Ng at [53] that “[c]ases which contain any of the
statutory aggravating factors and prosecuted under s 375(3) of the Penal Code
will almost invariably fall within this band”, and the charge here was indeed
brought under s 375(3)(a)(i) for “voluntarily causing hurt to the [victim]” in
order to commit the offence. This case therefore falls within Band 2 of the
Terence Ng framework, which suggests a sentence of 13 to 17 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane as a starting point.

15 The Prosecution submits that the appellant’s use of violence and the
psychological injuries suffered by the victim place this case at the upper-
middle range of Band 2, which involves “offences marked by serious violence
and those which take place over an extended period of time and which leave the
victims with serious and long lasting injuries”: Terence Ng at [53]. Relative
to the present case, several of the cases cited in Terence Ng as examples
within the middle to upper reaches of Band 2 involved more serious violence or
aggravating factors such as gang rape or abuse of a position of trust: at
[54], citing Public Prosecutor v Ravindran Annamalai [2013] SGHC 77, Public
Prosecutor v BNN [2014] SGHC 7 and Public Prosecutor v Mohamed Fadzli bin
Abdul Rahim [2008] SGHC 177. In our judgment, the case before us falls in the
middle range of Band 2. We do, however, accept that an uplift to 18 strokes of
the cane from the starting point of 12 strokes for Band 2 cases is appropriate
because of the violence used by the appellant and the severe consequences on
the victim.

16 The next step is for the court to have regard to the offender-specific
factors. The Prosecution submits that the appellant’s plea of guilt is of
limited mitigating value because of the overwhelming physical evidence against
him. In our view, this ignores the point we made in Chang Kar Meng v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 68 (“Chang Kar Meng”) at [48] that offenders who plead
guilty to sexual offences, even in cases where the evidence against them is
overwhelming, ought ordinarily to be given at least some credit for having
spared the victim the trauma of having to relive the experience in court and
being cross-examined on it. Considering the public interest in encouraging
offenders to plead guilty in such circumstances, some sentencing discount
should be given for the appellant’s plea of guilt, though we accept, as noted
in Terence Ng at [71], that the precise weight to be placed on this will
depend on the facts.

17 Although it is well-established that the presence of relevant antecedents
and TIC charges can generally constitute offender-specific aggravating
factors, the appellant’s antecedents and TIC charges should not have featured
in this analysis since none of them were in fact relevant to the rape charge.
As these antecedents and TIC charges related to drug and property-related
offences, it would have been more appropriate to consider them only in respect
of the house-breaking and drug possession charges. We also emphasise the point
recently made in Public Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] SGHC 148
(“Raveen”) at [87] that “if a factor has been fully taken into account at one
stage in the sentencing analysis, it should generally not feature at another
stage.” The same TIC charges should not be relied upon as a basis for
increasing the sentences for more than one charge, otherwise this could amount
to double counting.

18 For these reasons, we consider that the correct sentence for the rape
charge should have been 14 years and 18 strokes of the cane, which is a
reduction of two years from the sentence meted out by the court below.

Sentence for the house-breaking charge

19 Next, we turn to the sentence for the main house-breaking charge. Having
regard to the two TIC charges for house-breaking, we think the sentence of
three years’ imprisonment was correct.

20 This puts the combined sentence for the rape and house-breaking charges at
17 years’ imprisonment and 18 strokes of the cane. This is not out of line
with the precedent cases involving rape and robbery such as Chang Kar Meng:
see [76].

Sentence for the drug possession charge

21 Finally, we consider the sentence for the drug possession charge. As the
appellant was previously convicted for possession of a controlled drug, the
mandatory minimum punishment under the MDA is two years’ imprisonment: s 8(a)
read with s 33(1) and the Second Schedule to the MDA. In view of the
appellant’s other drug-related antecedents and the three drug-related TIC
charges, we think the sentence should be increased from two years to three
years’ imprisonment.

Aggregate sentence

22 Having determined the individual sentence for each charge, the next stage
is for the court to consider whether they should run consecutively or
concurrently. In our judgment, the Judge was correct in ordering all three
sentences to run consecutively. First, s 307(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) provides that where a person is sentenced to
imprisonment for at least three distinct offences, the court must order the
sentences for at least two offences to run consecutively. Second, the
possession charge relates to a separate transaction which took place about a
month prior to the rape and house-breaking offences. Third, although the
latter two offences were temporally proximate, the offences of rape and house-
breaking violate different legally-protected interests and should not be
regarded as being part of a single transaction: Chang Kar Meng at [62];
Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v PP [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“Shouffee”) at [33]. Distinct
offences should be punished separately with consecutive sentences so as to
ensure that each legally-protected interest is properly vindicated. Otherwise,
the imposition of concurrent sentences for unrelated offences would result in
the perverse and unjust outcome of the offender not having to bear any real
consequences for the further offending: Raveen at [41]–[46].

23 At this stage of the analysis, the court must consider whether the
cumulative sentence is proportionate to the overall criminality of the
offences by applying the totality principle. The principle has two limbs:
first, to examine whether the aggregate sentence is substantially above the
normal level of sentences for the most serious of the individual offences
committed, and second, to examine whether the effect of the aggregate sentence
on the offender is crushing and not in keeping with his past record and future
prospects. If an aggregate sentence is considered excessive, the court may opt
for a different combination of sentences to run consecutively or adjust the
individual sentences: Shouffee at [58]–[59]; Raveen at [73].

24 The sentencing court must also bear in mind the aggregation principle
referred to in Raveen at [77]–[80], which is that the totality principle
should ordinarily apply with greater force in cases that involve longer
aggregate sentences. The aggregation principle recognises the fact that
aggregation in such cases may result in a compounding effect that bears more
than a linear relation to the overall criminality of the case, and that longer
sentences may induce feelings of hopelessness that destroy the offender’s
prospects of rehabilitation and reintegration. In view of the length of the
appellant’s overall sentence, we reduce the sentence for the possession charge
back to the statutorily-prescribed minimum of two years’ imprisonment.

25 For these reasons, we allow the appeal and reduce the appellant’s aggregate
sentence to 19 years’ imprisonment and 18 strokes of the cane.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Quentin Loh  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge

The appellant in person; and  
Charlene Tay Chia and Nicholas Lai (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

