Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 188

Originating Summons 778 of 2019

In the matter of section 27(5) of an Amended Adjudication Determination dated
30 May 2019 in Adjudication Application SOP/AA 144 of 2019

Between

| Tong Hai Yang Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Little Swan Air-Conditioning & Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Building and Construction Law] — [Statutes and regulations] — [Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act] — [Adjudication determinations]
— [Waiver]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Statutes and regulations] — [Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act] — [Adjudication determinations]
— [Patent error]  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tong Hai Yang Construction Pte Ltd

  
v

  
Little Swan Air-Conditioning

& Engineering Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 188

High Court — Originating Summons 778 of 2019  
Vincent Hoong JC  
6 August 2019

16 August 2019 Judgment reserved.

Vincent Hoong JC:

Introduction

1 By this application, the Plaintiff seeks to set aside an Amended
Adjudication Determination dated 30 May 2019, in which the Adjudicator
determined, among others, that the Plaintiff was liable to pay $135,546.00 to
the Defendant (“the AD”). Briefly, the Plaintiff disputes the Adjudicator’s
finding that it was liable to the Defendant for certain variation works which
it contends fell outside the contract between the parties.

2 Having heard the parties, I dismiss the Plaintiff’s application to set aside
the AD.

Facts

3 By way of background, the Plaintiff was appointed by the Singapore
Recreation Club (“the employer”) as the main contractor for a construction
project. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Lim Wei Ping’s First Affidavit (“LWP1”) p 3, para 4.

On 29 November 2017, the Plaintiff appointed the Defendant as its sub-
contractor for a lump sum of $500,000.00 (“the Contract”). The scope of the
Defendant’s work related to Air-Conditioning and Mechanical Ventilation,
Electrical, Fire Prevention and Protection System, and Additional Optional
Works (“the Works”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

LWP1 pp 3 – 4, para 6; pp 146 – 152.

4 The completion certificate for the Works was issued on 11 June 2018. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

LWP1 pp 886 – 887.

On 22 March 2019, pursuant to the Building and Construction Industry Security
of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SOPA”), the Defendant served Progress
Claim No 5 (“PC5”) on the Plaintiff, claiming $174,601.00, of which
$105,937.50 was for works it had carried out pursuant to 21 Variation Orders
(“the VOs”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

LWP1 pp 766 – 770.

5 The Plaintiff did not file a payment response to PC5. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

LWP1 p 4, para 8.

Consequently, on 25 April 2019, the Defendant lodged Adjudication Application
144 of 2019 (“AA144”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

LWP1 p 5, para 9.

On 30 May 2019, the Adjudicator issued the AD, which had been amended, in
which he determined, among others, that the Defendant was to be paid
$135,546.00 by the Plaintiff, of which $69,437.50 was for the VOs. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

LWP1 p 37.

6 The Plaintiff seeks to set aside the AD on the sole ground that the
Adjudicator had overlooked a material patent error in AA144 as he had accepted
the VOs as being part of the Contract. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions (“PSS”) para 7.

The Plaintiff’s case

7 In the main, the Plaintiff argues that the Adjudicator had wrongly included
the VOs amounting to a total value of $69,437.50 in the AD. It submits that
these VOs were not part of the Contract, and hence the Plaintiff ought not to
be liable for them. This is because the quotations for the VOs were addressed
directly to the employer’s representative, EWC Engineers Pte Ltd (“EWC”) only.
Similarly, they were accepted and approved by EWC, and the Plaintiff was never
addressed in any of the communications between EWC and the Defendant. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

LWP1 pp 911 – 985.

Therefore, it submits that the ‘offer’ and ‘acceptance’ in relation to the VOs
were exclusively between the Defendant and EWC (on behalf of the employers),
and constituted a separate contract for which the Plaintiff ought not to be
liable. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PSS paras 7 – 11.

8 To support its submission, the Plaintiff refers to various clauses in the
Contract. As a starting point, the contractual sum of $500,000 was specified
to “be fixed and firm and shall not be subjected to adjustment for any
fluctuation in costs of labour, material …”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

LWP1 p 147, clause 1.0.

The lump-sum nature of the Contract is reiterated at clause 4.14, which
provides: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

LWP1 p 150.

Variations

  

You are reminded that this is a lump sum fixed price sub-contract. It is
deemed that your tender has allowed for all implied works necessary to be done
even though not shown in the Drawings … No variation will be allowed unless
due to changes in the requirements of the Authorities and/or in the design
subsequent to the award.

9 Furthermore, in response to the Adjudicator’s queries in relation to the
VOs, the Defendant clarified that the procedure was as follows: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

LWP1 p 1931.

6.1 Verbal instructions to carry out additional work were issued by [EWC]. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

EWC is the M&E Consultants: see LWP1 p 1913.

6.2 The [Defendant] would submit quotations for the additional works raised.

6.3 [EWC] would usually confirm within 3 days whether to proceed or not …

6.4 The [Defendant] would carry out the works immediately/shortly after
confirmation …

10 Plainly, even on the Defendant’s own evidence, the procedure in relation to
the commissioning and carrying out of the VOs excluded the Plaintiff entirely.

The Adjudicator’s determination in relation to the VOs

11 The Adjudicator considered the Plaintiff’s arguments in relation to the
VOs, but decided that they formed part of the Contract between the Plaintiff
and Defendant. While the Adjudicator noted that the Defendant did not copy the
Plaintiff in its quotations for the VOs that were sent to EWC, he opined that
the Plaintiff had been put on notice as regards the VOs. Despite that, the
Plaintiff failed to clarify whether the VOs were outside the scope of the
Contract. As such, it was determined that the Plaintiff was liable for the
VOs. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

LWP1 pp 33 – 36, paras 41 – 48.

12 In essence, the Adjudicator found that the Plaintiff’s failure to clarify
rendered it liable for the VOs. The question that flows from the Adjudicator’s
finding is whether the Plaintiff had such a positive duty to clarify, or to
raise objections when put on notice of the VOs.

Waiver in the context of SOPA

13 The issue of whether a contractor’s failure to clarify amounts to an
estoppel which would bar the contractor from raising such objections during
SOPA adjudication proceedings was considered by the Court of Appeal in Audi
Construction Pte Ltd v Kian Hiap Construction Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 317 (“Audi
Construction”). In that case, the court observed that “mere silence or
inaction will not normally amount to an unequivocal representation”, although
in certain circumstances, a person may owe a duty to speak, such that mere
silence may amount to such a representation: Audi Construction at [58].

14 In the context of SOPA, the court noted that a contractor who disputes a
payment claim ought to raise its objection by filing a payment response. If it
fails to do so, the contractor would be deemed to have waived its right to
raise the objection before the adjudicator: Audi Construction at [63] and
[66]–[67].

15 Here, it is undisputed that the Plaintiff had failed to file a payment
response to PC5, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

LWP1 p 4, para 8.

by which the Defendant had clearly claimed payment for the VOs.

16 Furthermore, documents sent by the Defendant to the Plaintiff prior to the
disputes in relation to PC5 show that the Plaintiff had been put on notice of
the VOs completed by the Defendant.

17 First, in a letter dated 12 July 2018, long before AA144 had commenced and
a month after the issuance of the completion certificate on 11 June 2018, the
Plaintiff acknowledged receipt of a form from the Defendant. In the form, the
Defendant had set out the quotations for VO1 to VO19, being quotations which
it had sent EWC for 19 out of 21 of the VOs claimed for under PC5. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Hoh How Hui Affidavit (“HHH”) p 11.

Despite this, the Plaintiff did not raise any objections to the VOs.

18 Thereafter, in the Final Account Document submitted by the Defendant to the
Plaintiff on 8 March 2019, the Defendant expressly claimed “Total Variation
Order[s]” in the sum of $105,937.50. This $105,937.50 was in addition to the
contractual sum of $500,000, bringing the “Total Value of Work Done” to
$605,937.50. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

LWP1 p 1892.

The Plaintiff also acknowledged receipt of the Final Account Document without
raising any issues concerning the VOs. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

LWP1 p 1891.

19 The Plaintiff submits that both the 12 July 2018 letter and the 8 March
2019 Final Account Document were acknowledgment forms, and amounted merely to
notifications by the Defendant to the Plaintiff of works it had carried out
for the employer. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PSS para 12.

Being mere notifications, the Plaintiff’s failure to respond to them ought not
to constitute a waiver. I am unable to agree with this argument. While the 12
July 2018 letter was titled an “Acknowledgment Form”, the Defendant had
expressly specified therein that the VOs were with regard to the Contract, and
not a separate contract which it had entered into with the employer: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

HHH p 11.

The subject title of the letter was stated as:

RE: Proposed Additions & Alterations to the Existing Singapore Recreation Club
Involving Conversion of Guest Rooms to Function Halls, Board Room, Kitchen and
Ancillary Facilities with Retention of a Temporary Bar at 1st Storey of LOT
00244W, 00245V and 00246P TS10 at B Connaught Drive (Downtown Core Planning
Area)

This mirrors the Contract that was sent by the Plaintiff to the Defendant,
which stipulated that the Defendant was being engaged as the Plaintiff’s sub-
contractor for: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

LWP1 p 146.

Proposed Additions and Alterations to Existing Singapore Recreation Club
Involving Conversion of Guest Rooms to Function Halls, Board Room, Kitchen and
Ancillary Facilities with Retention of a Temporary Bar at 1st Storey on Lot
00244W, 00245V and 00246P TS 10 at B Connaught Drive (Downtown Core Planning
Area)

20 The 8 March 2019 Final Account Document is even clearer. In that document,
the Plaintiff was stated as the Main Contractor, while the Defendant was named
as the Nominated Sub-Contractor. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

LWP1 p 1892.

Neither EWC nor the employer was named, and the Project was again titled:

Proposed Additions and Alterations to existing Singapore Recreation Club
involving conversion of Guest Rooms … at B Connaught Drive (Downtown Core
Planning Area) 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

LWP1 p 1892.

The Defendant’s claim for $105,937.50 for the “Total Variation Order[s]” in
the Final Account Document was therefore clearly with respect to the Contract
between the Plaintiff and Defendant only. Yet, the Plaintiff failed to raise
any objections to the Final Account Document.

21 In fact, on 26 April 2019, after PC5 had been referred to adjudication, the
Plaintiff sent a letter to the Defendant, stating that the Defendant had
accepted in a meeting between the parties that “some of [the Defendant’s] VO
items being [sic] invalid” [emphasis added]. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

LWP1 p 1886 at para 1.0.

As such, the Defendant allegedly agreed to have the “final account amount” to
be evaluated. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

LWP1 p 1886 at para 1.0.

The “VO items” referred to in the letter clearly relate to the VOs, as the
“Amount Approved” reflected in Appendix A of the Plaintiff’s letter included
the Defendant’s assertion that $69,437.50 of the VOs had been approved. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

LWP1 p 1888.

This $69,437.50 is precisely the amount which was allowed by the Adjudicator
for the VOs in his AD. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

LWP1 p 37, para 52.

The Defendant disputes the correctness of the Plaintiff’s letter. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

LWP1 p 1889.

Nonetheless, the Plaintiff’s letter, which was not made without prejudice and
which refers to the VOs, amounts to a concession that only some, but not all,
of the VOs were disputed.

22 Therefore, the Plaintiff’s position before this court and the Adjudicator,
in which it asserts that all the VOs fell outside its Contract with the
Defendant and were therefore disputed, represents a marked departure from its
position as conveyed in its 26 April 2019 letter to the Defendant.

23 Accordingly, quite apart from having remained silent by failing to respond
to PC5 and issuing a query after having received the 12 July 2018 letter and
the 8 March 2019 Final Account Document, the Plaintiff also appears to have
accepted that it was liable for at least some of the VOs. Hence, the Plaintiff
has clearly waived its right to object to the VOs on the basis that they fell
outside of its Contract with the Defendant.

Patent error

24 However, this does not end the inquiry. As the Court of Appeal explained in
Comfort Management Pte Ltd v OGSP Engineering Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 979
(“Comfort Management”) at [34], “regardless of whether any payment response
has been filed, an adjudicator has an independent duty to address his mind to
and consider the true merits of a payment claim” [emphasis added]; where a
payment response has not been filed, the main contractor is “permitted to
challenge the payment claim before the adjudicator by highlighting only patent
errors in the material properly before the adjudicator.” [emphasis in
original] The same sentiments were echoed in Far East Square Pte Ltd v Yau Lee
Construction (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2019] SGCA 36 at [72], where it was
reiterated that “a respondent who has not filed a payment response remains
entitled to raise patent errors in the material properly before the
adjudicator”.

25 A patent error “is an error that is obvious, manifest or otherwise easily
recognisable”, and it must be “an error that is in the material that is
properly before the adjudicator for the purpose of his adjudication” [emphasis
in original]. Importantly, “[i]t is … strictly not an error that is committed
by an adjudicator” [emphasis in original]: Comfort Management at [22].
Examples of what constitutes a patent error for the purposes of adjudication
were considered in Comfort Management at [23]:

An example of a patent error might be [1] where the contract adduced by the
claimant in support of the payment claim is not even the contract between the
parties. [2] Another example … is where “the documentary evidence submitted by
the claimant plainly contradict[s] the claimed amount”. [3] Yet another
example might be where no supporting material or explanation whatsoever is
adduced to support the payment claim. While in principle these are not
exhaustive examples of patent error, it is difficult to conceive of other
forms of error that may properly be regarded as patent. Ultimately, whether an
error is properly characterised as patent will depend on the facts. But the
point to be made here is that patent errors constitute by definition an
exceptional and extremely narrow category of errors. [emphasis added]

26 This duty to consider patent errors flows independently from the
adjudicator’s duty to adjudicate, and “he must have at least some positive
basis for his determination, and not simply lack a reason not to allow the
claim” [emphasis in original] (Comfort Management at [56]). As s 2 of SOPA
provides, a payment claim is a claim for “progress payment”, which is defined
as “a payment to which a person is entitled for the carrying out of
construction work … under a contract” [emphasis added]. As a result, even if
the Plaintiff may have waived its right to object to the VOs on the basis that
they fell outside of its Contract with the Defendant, that does not entitle
the Adjudicator to allow the sums claimed for the VOs as of right. The
Adjudicator must independently assess whether the Defendant was entitled to
payment for the VOs, insofar as there was no patent errors in the payment
claim and its supporting materials.

27 When a patent error is allegedly overlooked by the adjudicator, the
“central task of a respondent who seeks to set aside an adjudication
determination … is to show the court that there are patent errors in the
material properly before the adjudicator that the adjudicator failed to
recognise”. For example, if the adjudicator allowed a payment claim for which
there is absolutely no supporting material, the court will not hesitate to
conclude that the adjudicator was merely rubber-stamping the claim, and had
failed to recognise the patent error in the payment claim: Comfort Management
at [81]. In this regard, the court’s task is restricted to considering whether
the adjudicator had failed to recognise a patent error in allowing a payment
claim; the court cannot review the adjudicator’s decision on its merits:
Comfort Management at [94].

28 By way of example, in Comfort Management, OGSP claimed payment from Comfort
for, among others, works done pursuant to Variation Order No 2. The
adjudicator allowed OGSP’s claim with respect to Variation Order No 2. Comfort
argued that in so doing, the adjudicator had failed to take into account
clause 11 of the parties’ contract, which stipulated that OGSP had to first
serve a written notice for variation works to be undertaken, and to seek
Comfort’s approval in writing to carry out such works before they could claim
for additional payment. Comfort alleged that if the adjudicator had considered
clause 11, it would have realised that OGSP had produced no evidence that the
variation works were ordered by Comfort. However, the adjudicator had remarked
explicitly that he had examined the documents in the adjudication application,
and this meant that it could not be said that he did not have regard to the
parties’ contract. Thus, “the true substance of Comfort’s argument was that
OGSP produced insufficient documentation to support its claim on [Variation
Order No 2], and that the adjudicator erred in nevertheless allowing the
claim” [emphasis in original]. This, however, was insufficient to set aside
the adjudicator’s determination, as “to set aside the adjudicator’s
determination for that error is tantamount to asking the court to review his
decision on the merits. This, the court cannot do”: Comfort Management at
[94].

29 Similarly, in this case, the Adjudicator clearly considered that the
quotations and approvals for the VOs had not been copied to the Plaintiff. In
fact, the Adjudicator noted that the “[Defendant] should also take some
responsibilities for this miscommunication. The [Plaintiff] is the pay master
for the [Defendant] in this sub-contract. All quotations made by the
[Defendant] to architect/consulting engineers should have been copied to the
[Plaintiff].” 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

LWP1 p 36, para 49.

Nonetheless, the Adjudicator allowed the Defendant’s claim for the VOs as he
found that the matter of the VOs had been drawn to the Plaintiff’s attention
from as early as when the Plaintiff received the 12 July 2018 letter, but the
Plaintiff “did not seek to clarify whether these works were outside the scope
of the [Contract]”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

LWP1 p 33, para 41.

Furthermore, the Adjudicator considered EWC’s instructions for the VOs, which
were clearly marked as “variation orders”. This, according to the Adjudicator,
implied that they were intended as variations to the Contract, and that they
were not intended to have been carried out in a separate contract, as alleged
by the Plaintiff. Patently, the Adjudicator had considered the material before
him in relation to the Plaintiff’s allegation that the VOs fell outside of the
Contract.

30 The materials that were considered by the Adjudicator are now before me. In
substance, the Plaintiff is now seeking to re-adjudicate the Adjudicator’s
finding that the VOs formed part of the Contract. This is beyond the scope of
the court’s remit, and is properly to be considered by way of final
determination of the dispute(s) between the parties, either (a) by a court or
tribunal or some other dispute resolution body, or (b) by way of a settlement
agreement between the parties: W Y Steel Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd
[2013] 3 SLR 380 (“W Y Steel”) at [13] and [71].

31 The limited scope of the court’s powers of review of ADs, as the Court of
Appeal explained in W Y Steel, is “in keeping with the purpose of the [SOPA],
which was to provide a fast and low-cost adjudication process to ensure that a
contractor’s cash flow was not disrupted by disputes arising from or relating
to construction contracts” (at [13]). To allow a re-assessment of the merits
of the Adjudicator’s determination would unnecessarily prolong the
adjudication process, thereby hampering the spirit and purpose of the SOPA
regime.

  
  

Conclusion

32 For these reasons, I dismiss the Plaintiff’s application to set aside the
AD.

33 I will now hear parties on the question of costs.

Vincent Hoong  
Judicial Commissioner

Choa Sn-Yien Brendon and Zachariah Chow Jie Rui (ACIES Law Corporation) for
the plaintiff;  
Chong Kuan Keong, Sia Ernest and Gan Siu Min Cheryl (Chong Chia & Lim LLC) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

