Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 123

Tribunal Appeal No 11 of 2018

Between

(1)| Taishan Sports Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(2)| Sivalingam Pragadesh Vinoth  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Employment Law] — [Application for Adjournment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Taishan Sports Engineering Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Sivalingam Pragadesh Vinoth

[2019] SGHC 123

Tribunal Appeal No 11 of 2018  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
29 April 2019

13 May 2019

Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 This is an appeal under s 29(1) of the Work Injury Compensation Act (Cap
354, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) against the decision of the assistant
commissioner (“the AC”) on 22 June 2018 by Taishan Sports Engineering Pte Ltd
(“the Applicant”).

2 The Applicant was the employer of Mr Sivalingam Pragadesh Vinoth (“the
Respondent”) at the material time. On 21 June 2016, the Respondent was injured
in the course of handling heavy items belonging to the Applicant. The
Respondent then filed a claim under the Act.

Procedural Background

3 On 5 July 2017, the Ministry of Manpower issued a notice of assessment
stating that the Applicant was liable to pay compensation of $81,220 to the
Respondent. The Applicant promptly filed a notice of objection pursuant to s
25 of the Act.

4 The AC conducted hearings over five days in March and April 2018 and, on 22
June 2018, ordered the Applicant to pay the sum of $86,220 to the Respondent,
comprising the compensation sum and costs of $5,000. On 20 July 2018, the
Applicant filed this originating summons to appeal against the decision of the
AC under s 29(1) of the Act.

5 As this involved compensation for personal injury to a workman, the
application was actively managed by the Supreme Court Registry (“the
Registry”). A total of eight pre-trial conferences (“PTC”) were conducted by
the Registry in order to ensure that the matter would be disposed of
expeditiously. These were held on 7 August, 23 October, 19 November and 18
December 2018, and on 2, 15, 29 January and 20 March 2019. The accounts below
of those PTCs are taken from the minutes recorded by the assistant registrars
who conducted them.

6 By 15 November 2018, the notes of evidence of the hearings conducted by the
AC were available. The grounds of decision were available by 18 December 2018.
During the PTC on 15 January 2019, counsel for the Applicant, Mr Peter Ezekiel
(“Mr Ezekiel”) informed the court that he would be making an application to
adduce further evidence at the appeal. The court directed him to file the
application by 22 January 2019.

7 At the PTC on 29 January 2019, Mr Ezekiel, informed the court that he would
be suspended from practice from 1 April 2019. He said that he would hand over
conduct of the matter to another solicitor, Mr David Gan (“Mr Gan”) of DG Law
LLC after that date. The court pointed out to Mr Ezekiel that the Applicant
had not filed the application to adduce further evidence as directed and
ordered that this be done by 7 February 2019. The Applicant complied with that
order by filing summons no 638 of 2019 on that date. This application was
heard by assistant registrar Gan Kam Yuin (“AR Gan”) on 18 March 2019. She
dismissed the application with costs fixed at $4,000 plus disbursements. The
Applicant did not appeal against this decision.

8 On 20 March 2019, at the eighth and final PTC, Mr Ezekiel confirmed that Mr
Gan would be taking over the matter from him. After consulting Mr Ezekiel, who
had with him Mr Gan’s diary, and with the Respondent’s counsel, the court
fixed this appeal to be heard on 29 April 2019. The Court gave detailed
directions on the matters to be carried out by the Applicant before that date,
in particular, the need to comply with para 84 of the Supreme Court Practice
Directions relating to filing of record of proceedings and bundle of
documents, which were to be filed and served by 18 April 2019. The court
directed Mr Ezekiel to keep Mr Gan informed of these directions.

9 At the hearing of the appeal before me on 29 April 2019, no record of
proceedings or bundle of documents had been filed by the Applicant. Mr Gan did
not turn up for the hearing. Instead, one Ms Wong Lai Heng (“Ms Wong”), who
said that she was the general manager of the Applicant, appeared in court. She
informed me that she represented the Applicant for the purpose of the appeal.

10 Ms Wong applied for the hearing to be adjourned for three to four weeks
because she had only met up with Mr Gan a week earlier. She said that he told
her that he needed more time to look at the matter in order to advise the
Applicant on the matter. Ms Wong said that the Applicant had consulted Mr Gan
only a week earlier because they had tried to find out whether other lawyers
could handle the matter on their behalf. It would appear from this that the
Applicant decided to brief Mr Gan only a week prior to the date fixed for the
hearing of the appeal.

11 Counsel for the Respondent, Mr Muhammad Fadli (“Mr Fadli”), objected to the
application for adjournment. He pointed out that throughout the PTCs, Mr
Ezekiel had represented to the court that Mr Gan would be taking over. Indeed,
as I have noted above, up to the last PTC on 20 March 2019, the court was
informed by Mr Ezekiel, who was still acting for the Applicant, that Mr Gan
was available to conduct the appeal on behalf of the Applicant on 29 April
2019. Mr Fadli submitted that to allow an adjournment on the basis of what Ms
Wong said would be an abuse of the process of Court.

12 Mr Fadli raised another point, that the Applicant had not complied with s
29(3) of the Act, which provides as follows:

(3) Notwithstanding any appeal under this section, the employer shall deposit
with the Commissioner the amount of compensation ordered by the Commissioner
under section 25A, 25B, 25C or 25D within 21 days from the date of the
Commissioner’s decision, and the deposit shall be held by the Commissioner
pending the outcome of the appeal.

13 This provision requires the Applicant to deposit with the Commissioner the
sum of $81,220 awarded by the AC within 21 days of the award, ie by 13 July
2018. Up until the day of the hearing of the appeal, the Applicant had not
deposited a single cent.

14 Mr Fadli also pointed out that not only was this not done, but that the
Applicant had not paid the $5,000 costs ordered by the AC, or the $4,000 costs
ordered by AR Gan when she dismissed the application to adduce further
evidence. Ms Wong said that the Applicant did not deposit the $81,220 with the
Commissioner, and also did not pay the costs of $5,000 and $4,000 because it
did not have the funds to do so.

My decision

15 The issue before me was whether to grant the Applicant’s application for an
adjournment of four weeks.

16 In general, I would be inclined to grant a short adjournment of four weeks
so that the Applicant may be given an opportunity to have their appeal heard.
However, there are three factors that, in my view, weigh against such
indulgence.

17 The first and most important factor is the nature of the matter. It is an
award under the Act, which enables employees to obtain, in the words of the
long title of the Act, “compensation … for injury suffered in the course of
their employment”. Section 3(1) of the Act makes an employer liable to pay
compensation in accordance with the formulae set out therein. The only
requirement is that the injury be sustained in the course of employment and
there is no requirement of any fault on the part of the employer. Indeed, s
3(4) of the Act states that the employer is liable notwithstanding that the
employee had acted contrary to the express instructions of the employer. The
quantum of such compensation is computed in accordance with the Third Schedule
of the Act which, in the case of death or total permanent incapacitation, is a
fixed formula based on the age of the employee and his monthly earnings. For
permanent partial incapacitation, the First Schedule provides a formula based
on the nature of the injury and the employee’s monthly earnings. By electing
to make a claim under the Act, the employee forgoes any right of action
against the employer under law. This is essentially the effect of s 33 of the
Act.

18 Although a right of appeal to the High Court is given to an aggrieved
party, be it an employer or employee, that right is a limited one. Under s
29(2A) of the Act, any appeal must pertain to an amount not less than $1,000
and must concern a substantial question of law. To protect the employee, s
29(3) of the Act provides that an employer filing an appeal “shall deposit
with the Commissioner the amount of compensation ordered … within 21 days … of
… the decision, and the deposit shall be held by the Commissioner pending the
outcome of the appeal”.

19 From the foregoing, it can be seen that the Act provides a relatively fast
and inexpensive mechanism for employees to obtain compensation for injuries
suffered in the course of their employment in lieu of taking out a claim in
court under common law. For this reason, the court must ensure that an appeal
by an employer is not taken out in order to delay or frustrate eventual
payment of compensation to the employee.

20 The second factor pertains to the requirement under s 29(3) of the Act for
an appellant employer to deposit the award with the Commissioner pending an
appeal. Such deposit, if made, removes the uncertainty that an employee would
be prevented from eventually getting paid if the appeal failed, even though
that payment may be delayed.

21 The Applicant was required to deposit the money within 21 days from the
date of the award, which would be by 13 July 2018. However, up to the date of
hearing of the appeal on 29 April 2019, this had not been paid. This was
confirmed by Ms Wong, who frankly admitted that the Applicant simply did not
have the money to do so. The Applicant had failed to deposit the awarded sum
for more than nine months and had still not done so at the hearing of the
appeal before me.

22 Even though the requirement to make the deposit under s 29(3) of the Act is
stated in imperative terms, the Act is silent on the consequences of non-
compliance. It seems to me that it is possible for an employee to apply to the
court to strike out an appeal on the basis of non-compliance. As this was not
an issue before me, this can only be an observation to be taken up in an
appropriate future case. However, in my view, the non-payment of the deposit
is an important factor in the exercise of my discretion to grant or refuse an
application to adjourn this appeal.

23 The third factor is the conduct of the Applicant, which includes that of
their legal representatives. I have set out the chronology of the matter above
at [3] – [14]. It can be seen that the Applicant and their solicitors had
notice well in advance of the date of this hearing. There can be scant excuse
for the failure of the Applicant to instruct their replacement solicitors in
time to conduct this appeal, which, in any event, is not complicated as it
turns on a single issue: whether the Respondent was acting in the course of
his employment when the accident happened.

24 The date for this appeal had been fixed in the final PTC, in which the
court consulted and obtained confirmation from both sides on their
availability. There was no notice from the Applicant that they would be
applying for an adjournment even though, according to Ms Wong, she was told by
Mr Gan a week earlier to apply for an adjournment. Even in an ordinary civil
suit, which does not normally have the urgency of a matter under the Act, such
a cavalier attitude towards a date assigned by the court would attract scant
sympathy, much less in the present case where the Registry had scheduled eight
PTCs to ensure expeditious disposal of the appeal. I would presume that the
Applicant had been advised of the attitude of the court in relation to
applications for adjournments under such circumstances, and if not, then they
would have to seek recourse from their solicitors.

25 These three factors overwhelmingly weigh in favour of refusing the
application for adjournment. I therefore refused to adjourn the hearing of the
appeal, whereupon Ms Wong stated that she would not be able to conduct the
appeal herself.

26 Notwithstanding this, I conducted an examination of the possible case for
the Applicant. Ms Wong provided assistance primarily with regard to the facts.
Ms Wong stated that the Applicant had hoped that the quantum could be reduced.
However, Mr Fadli pointed out that the notice of objection was made on the
basis that the Respondent was not acting in the course of employment when the
accident happened and this was the sole issue in the hearing before the AC. I
was therefore constrained to consider only that issue.

27 There was no dispute that the Respondent was employed by the Applicant. On
the day of the accident, he was despatched by his superior to supervise the
unloading of the steel panels that were being delivered to the Applicant. It
was during the unloading of the panels that the accident occurred. The
Applicant’s case was simply that the Respondent was given express instructions
not to take part in the loading or unloading process. The Respondent had given
evidence that he was not given any such instruction.

28 However, even if the Applicant’s evidence were accepted and the Respondent
had indeed carried out the unloading of the panels against the express
instructions of the Applicant’s representative, as explained above at [17], s
3(4) of the Act would still make the Applicant liable. I was therefore
satisfied that there was no merit to the Applicant’s appeal. Accordingly, I
dismissed the Applicant’s appeal and ordered the Applicant to pay the
Respondent the costs of the appeal which I fixed at $5,000 inclusive of
disbursements.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

The Applicant unrepresented;  
Muhammad Fadli Bin Mohammed Fawzi (I.R.B Law LLP) for the Respondent.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

