Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE courtS of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHCF 19

District Court Appeal No 157 of 2018

Between

TOE

… Appellant

And

TOF

… Respondent

Judgment

[Family Law] — [Child] — [Relocation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TOE

  

v

  

TOF

[2019] SGHCF 19

High Court — District Court of Appeal No 157 of 2018 and Summons No 148 of
2019  
Choo Han Teck J  
19–21 August 2019

23 August 2019 Judgment reserved

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The wife and the husband are in the process of getting a divorce. The wife
is a 51-year-old South Korean citizen and is a housewife. The husband says she
stopped working as an air stewardess after their marriage in 2000. The husband
is a 53-year-old citizen of the United Kingdom and until 2012, was working as
a “quant” in a foreign trading company. Their son is now 9 years old. He was
born in 2010 through a surrogate mother, as the husband constantly reminded
this court.

2 This is an appeal by the wife against the order of a Family Court judge that
the son be permitted to relocate to the United Kingdom with his father. The
husband says that he has been living in Singapore because the court
proceedings have prevented him from leaving. He now wants to go back to the
United Kingdom and therefore applied to have the son relocated back with him.

3 The wife, being a Korean citizen, will obviously face hardship in
maintaining contact with the son should that happen, just as the father would
have faced had the child remained in Singapore when the father is relocated
back to the United Kingdom.

4 The Family Court judge ordered that the son be allowed to relocate to the
United Kingdom. The court seemed to rely on the report of the child
representative, Mr Raymond Yeo Khee Chye. From her grounds of decisions, the
learned judge was comparing the merits of relocation and was focusing on two
choices — the United Kingdom or South Korea. It appears that the learned
judge, and to some extent, Mr Yeo, had not given due weight to the possibility
of no relocation for the child.

5 The husband has been the sole income earner in the family until 2012. The
wife has not worked since marriage. The husband still has the ability to work
and, given his profession, as a quant trader, can work anywhere. The mother
says that once she is settled back in Singapore (she lost her dependence pass
when the husband cancelled the son’s study pass — that has been ordered by the
Family Court to be reinstated). She hopes to be a teacher for young children.
Comparing the two, the husband is much more mobile. Although he is free to
locate wherever he wants, to compel the son to go with him is an act solely in
the husband’s interests. It will not be in the son’s interests. The boy has
grown up here. His friends are here. He wants to study here until he is 17
before he plans his future.

6 The husband acted in person before me, and I asked to see the son and the
wife separately, after which I saw the husband again. I did this because this
divorce has been acrimonious and the parties had levied many allegations
against each other. For the purposes of deciding this appeal, I wanted to
satisfy myself that if the son were to remain in Singapore, would the wife be
capable and suitable to look after him. It was patently clear to me that the
son is a very cheerful, happy and good-natured boy. There were no signs of any
despair or negative outlook about him. He was very clear and certain that he
prefers to stay in Singapore where he has been brought up and where all his
friends are. He also prefers the weather here more than that of the United
Kingdom and South Korea. The son is happy and comfortable with both parents.
When he is with his father, the domestic helper cooks for him. When he is with
the mother, she cooks for him

7 The husband seems to me to be more recriminating than the wife. He wastes no
moment to disparage her, in between bitter comments about the Family Court,
the government, and this country. He made his remarks to show why he is
aggrieved, but the bitterness and contempt could scarcely be hidden. When he
was peeved, against the wife’s counsel, and the courts, he could not contain
his sarcasm. The mother was quite the opposite. She talked mostly about her
son and how she is managing here. She only spoke about the husband when I
asked why were they divorcing. She said she does not know because it was a
sudden, unilateral decision by him to evict her from the family home. She said
that she could only guess that perhaps he has another woman.

8 It is often the case that in an acrimonious divorce, one or both parties
would turn master manipulators. Every step, and every word would be taken and
made with only one thing in mind — to win the divorce war. I had taken note of
the history of this couple’s divorce proceedings, and that has fortified my
view that to order the son to be relocated with the husband would only serve
the interests of the husband and no one else. On the other hand, letting the
son continue his studies in Singapore would be in his best interests without
prejudice to either parent. No doubt, the husband will protest that he would
be prejudiced by being kept far away from the son. I am of the view that he
has the means to see the son if he wished. He alleges that all his assets are
depleted and much of it had been ‘stolen’ by the wife. The wife says she had
to down grade from a $9,000 a month rented flat to a $4,000 a month flat, and
she had bought an 8-year-old car to drive the son to school. She said she used
to have a new car every three years or so.

9 Although the learned judge and Mr Yeo seemed a little swayed by the
husband’s long-term relocation plan in the United Kingdom with the son, the
son himself seemed very clear about his own long-term plan, at least, until he
reaches 17. That plain is to remain in school in Singapore until he is 17
years old, and then he would consider relocating to the United Kingdom.

10 I am of the view that the order that the son be relocated to the United
Kingdom should be revoked, and this part of the wife’s appeal is therefore
allowed. The husband is free to return to the United Kingdom. The son
remaining in Singapore to complete his schooling is more appropriate than
having him relocated to the United Kingdom or South Korea. The mother has
stated that she has a dependent’s pass and so will be here to look after the
son.

11 This order does not affect the husband’s rights regarding care and control,
and he is at liberty to visit the son when he is in Singapore. He is also at
liberty to apply for the son to visit him in the United Kingdom during the
son’s school holidays. This separation is not much different from that in
which parents in Singapore send their children to study in the United Kingdom.

12 I have considered the rest of the court’s orders, and am of the view that
none of the other orders require variation, save that those relating to the
preparation for relocation can now be regarded as defunct. The wife’s
application for leave to adduce fresh evidence is dismissed. Those evidence
included videos of herself and the son, the purpose of which was to show that
the relationship between herself and the son were good, but as it turned out,
I do not think that they were necessary.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Siaw Susanah Roberta (Siaw Kheng Boon & Co) for the appellant;  
Respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

