Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 33

Criminal Case No 67 of 2018

Between

Public Prosecutor

And

(1)| Moad Fadzir Bin Mustaffa  
---|---  
(2)| Zuraimy Bin Musa  
  
judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Moad Fadzir bin Mustaffa and another

[2019] SGHC 33

High Court — Criminal Case No 67 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
25–28 September, 13–16 November 2018; 4 February 2019

15 February 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 Moad Fadzir bin Mustaffa (“Moad”) is 40 years old this year. He worked as a
warehouse assistant and part-time lorry driver during the day, and on some
nights he attended a course in Diploma in Warehouse Operations at the
Singapore Polytechnic. The second accused Zuraimy bin Musa (“Zuraimy”) is 50
years old this year, and is a friend of Moad. Zuraimy lived in his uncle’s
flat at Block 1 Holland Close (“Holland Close”).

2 On 11 April 2016, Moad attended his class at the Singapore Polytechnic until
10.00pm. He then drove a rented Mazda car, SKV 4443H to Holland Close where he
picked up Zuraimy and then left together to Blk 157 Toa Payoh Lorong 1 (“Toa
Payoh”). Moad parked the car at the loading/unloading bay of Blk 157 and
waited in the car with Zuraimy. An Indian man went up to the car and threw a
white plastic bag through the front window, onto Moad’s lap. Moad then passed
a bundle of folded $50 notes to the Indian man. Subsequently, Moad handed the
plastic bag to Zuraimy who tied it before placing it into Moad’s black sling
bag.

3 Moad then dropped Zuraimy along Commonwealth Avenue West and Zuraimy walked
a short distance from there to Holland Close where he was arrested by officers
of the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”). Moad, meanwhile, drove back to his
own flat at Block 623 Woodlands Drive 52, arriving at 12.08am (of 12 April).
He remained in the car until 12.15am when he decided to get out of the car
with the black sling bag. He was promptly arrested by officers from the CNB,
and his black sling bag was seized. The white plastic bag was taken from this
sling bag in Moad’s presence. The white plastic bag had four evenly packed
taped bundles of granular substances, analysed to be 36.93g of diamorphine
(“the Drugs”). Both men were charged for trafficking in this 36.93g of
diamorphine.

4 Moad’s charge reads

You, MOAD FADZIR BIN MUSTAFFA are charged that you, on 12th April 2016, at or
about 12.15a.m., at the vicinity of Blk 623 Woodlands Drive 52, Singapore,
together with one Zuraimy bin Musa, NRIC No. SXXXXX06E, in furtherance of the
common intention of both of you, did traffic in a controlled drug specified in
Class ‘A’ of the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008, Rev
Ed), to wit, by having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking, four
packets of granular substances that were analysed and found to contain not
less than 36.93 grams of diamorphine, without any authorization under the said
Act or Regulations made thereunder and you have thereby committed an offence
under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of the Misuse of Drug Act read
with section 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) which offence is
punishable under section 33(1) of the misuse of Drug Act.

and Zuraimy’s charge reads

You, ZURAIMY BIN MUSA are charged that you, on 12th April 2016, at or about
12.15a.m., at the vicinity of Blk 623 Woodlands Drive 52, Singapore, together
with one Moad Fadzir bin Mustaffa, NRIC No. SXXXXX12F, in furtherance of the
common intention of both of you, did traffic in a controlled drug specified in
Class ‘A’ of the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008, Rev
Ed), to wit, by having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking four
packets of granular substances that were analysed and found to contain not
less than 36.93 grams of diamorphine, without any authorization under the said
Act or Regulations made thereunder and you have thereby committed an offence
under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of the Misuse of Drug Act read
with section 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) which offence is
punishable under section 33(1) of the Misuse of Drug Act.

5 I will first deal with the case of Moad. The Prosecution relied on
statements marked P84 and P85, which were Moad’s statements recorded an hour
after his arrest. The Prosecution further relied on two statements marked P94
and P95. Moad tried to stop the admission of P84 and P85 into evidence, but
after an inquiry into the recording of those statements, I found that Moad
made those statements freely and without coercion and so admitted them into
evidence. Those two statements were particularly incriminating.

6 In his cautioned statement, Moad did not deny any wrongdoing or raised any
fact relevant to his defence in court. All he stated was: “I have nothing to
say at all. I am now confused and unable to think properly”. This statement
was recorded on 12 April 2016 at 11.37am.

7 In P84, which was recorded at 3.00am of 12 April 2016, Moad was asked to
whom the taped bundles in his sling bag belong and Moad replied: “They asked
me to pick up at Toa Payoh”. He clarified by saying that it was “Abang” who
instructed him to collect the bundles. Then Senior Station Inspector Tony Ng
(“SSI Tony Ng”) asked “what is inside the four taped bundles?” and Moad
replied, “They told me to be careful, is heroin”. In the same statement Moad
also said that Abang instructed him to go to Toa Payoh with “Lan” and that he
was to pick up “Lan” who will then show him the way to Toa Payoh. In court,
Moad identified Zuraimy as this “Lan”. In a turn of events, it transpired that
the phone records showed that the call that was alleged by Moad to have been
made by “Abang”, was in fact made by Zuraimy. Faced with this evidence, Moad
admitted that “Abang” was in fact Zuraimy. It is clear to me that Moad
initially tried to shield Zuraimy by creating the imaginary “Abang” and “Lan”.

8 Moad’s defence to the charge was simply that he thought the four taped
packets contained cigarettes. Apart from the fact that he did not say this in
his cautioned statement, and the fact that he could not give a good account as
to how he could have mistaken four packets of hard, irregularly shaped
granular substances for cigarettes, this defence was contradicted by his
admission in P84. I found that there was nothing that should worry me as to
whether P84 was in any way unreliable. I can accept that by 3.00am Moad might
have been a little tired, but the evidence as to the circumstances of the
evening of 11 April to 3.00am of 12 April did not seem to me to have affected
Moad such that he could have given such specific answers to SSI Tony Ng which
were consistent with the Prosecution’s case. There is no other evidence that
helped Moad rebut the presumption of trafficking under section 17 of the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). The drugs were
undisputedly found in his possession at the time of his arrest, and he knew
that the drugs were diamorphine.

9 The uncontested evidence is that Moad drove to Holland Close past 10.00pm to
pick up Zuraimy, to drive to a place he was not familiar with, only to pick up
a packet from another person he did not know. The packet, it has been proved,
contained the four bundles of diamorphine. A lot more than what he had
testified is required to persuade me that it was understandable for him to
believe the packet contained merely cigarettes. I am satisfied that the
Prosecution had proved its case against Moad, and I therefore found him guilty
as charged and sentence him to suffer death.

10 I now turn to the case of Zuraimy. Zuraimy’s rambling defence was that he
received a call from Moad and he (Zuraimy) agreed to accompany him (Moad) to
Toa Payoh. Sensing that this stark and random account to be in need of
elaboration, Zuraimy testified that he met Moad that night to celebrate the
end of Moad’s course at the Singapore Polytechnic. This elaboration did not
enhance his defence or credibility in the slightest, not just because it came
out late, but no evidence seems to support it; the most important of which
was, there was no celebration to speak of; no party, no friends joining in the
event. The closest to a party and guests was the appearance of the Indian man
who threw the plastic bag with the bundles of diamorphine onto Moad’s lap, and
which Moad handed over to Zuraimy to tie.

11 Zuraimy’s role in this escapade is clear. The evidence shows that Zuraimy
liaised with one “Benathan” through a series of calls and messages which ended
with the Indian man throwing the Drugs onto Moad’s lap. As of 10 April 2016,
Zuraimy had only $1.24 in his bank account, and Moad withdrew $3,000 from his
bank account on the evening of 12 April 2016 before meeting Zuraimy that same
night. After the Indian man threw the Drugs onto Moad’s lap, Moad passed him a
bundle of $50 notes, presumably the $3,000 (or part thereof) that he
withdrawn, to pay for the Drugs. If Moad knew who “Benathan” was, Moad could
have directly arranged with “Benathan” to purchase the Drugs without Zuraimy’s
help. I am satisfied that Zuraimy’s role in this escapade is one of an abettor
who arranged the drug transaction.

12 The charge against Zuraimy directly corresponds to the charge against Moad,
and that is, Zuraimy was charged for acting in furtherance of a common
intention, under s 34 of the Penal Code (“PC”) read with ss 5(1) and 5(2) of
the MDA, with Moad to be in possession of the four packets of diamorphine for
the purposes of trafficking.

13 “Possession for the purposes of trafficking” under s 17 of the MDA is not a
legal principle setting the conditions of an offence. It is a legislative
enactment shifting the burden of proof to the defence. Generally, the
Prosecution has to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Zuraimy was in
possession of the Drugs, and knew that the Drugs were diamorphine. The law
provides that when possession is proved beyond reasonable doubt, the accused
is presumed to be in possession of those drugs for the purposes of
trafficking. As the Prosecution sought to rely on the presumption in s 17 of
the MDA against Zuraimy, the Prosecution cannot then in conjunction, rely on
the presumption of possession under s 18(4) of the MDA against Zuraimy (see
Mohd Halmi bin Hamid and Anor v Public Prosecutor [2006] 1 SLR 548 at [7] –
[8]).

14 Relying on Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor [2014] 3 SLR 721
(“Ridzuan v PP”), the Prosecution submitted that Zuraimy was in joint
possession of the Drugs because he had been instrumental in putting Moad in
physical possession of the Drugs. I accept that Zuraimy played a role, and
this court is bound by the decisions of the Court of Appeal. However, with due
respect to the Prosecution, Ridzuan v PP does not apply to the case before me.
In Ridzuan v PP, the two accused were in joint possession of diamorphine as
they entered into a partnership to purchase and then sell the diamorphine. On
the contrary, there was no evidence of any pre-arranged plan between Moad and
Zuraimy in relation to the Drugs, such that Zuraimy could be said to have
retained control, and hence possession over the Drugs even though Moad had
physical possession of it. The indisputable evidence was that Zuraimy was not
found in possession of the diamorphine.

15 Further, Moad’s testimony that Zuraimy told him to keep the Drugs on his
(Zuraimy) behalf was unconvincing, as there was no pre-arranged plan between
the parties to sell or subsequently deal with the Drugs, and it was Moad who
paid for the Drugs and kept the Drugs in his physical possession. Nothing else
apart from Moad’s testimony supports the finding of fact that the Drugs
belonged to Zuraimy. As such, the Prosecution has failed to prove beyond a
reasonable doubt that Zuraimy was in joint possession of the Drugs.

16 Next, I will consider whether Zuraimy is constructively liable for the
capital offence of trafficking pursuant to s 34 PC, on the basis that there
was a common intention between Zuraimy and Moad, for Moad to possess the
36.93g of diamorphine for the purposes of trafficking. If the Prosecution were
to charge a person with a common intention to possess drugs for the purposes
of trafficking, they are obliged to prove the elements of that phrase, namely,
to prove beyond a reasonable doubt the following three elements (see Daniel
Vijay s/o Katherasan and others v Public Prosecutor [2010] 4 SLR 1119):

(a) The criminal act element. This refers to the diverse acts which
collectively give rise to the offence of possession for the purposes of
trafficking;

(b) The common intention element. This refers to the common intention to
commit the very criminal act done by Moad; possession of 36.93g of diamorphine
for the purposes of trafficking; and

(c) The participation element. This refers to Zuraimy’s participation in the
Moad’s specific criminal act of possession for the purposes of trafficking, or
some other criminal act done in furtherance of the common intention of both of
them.

17 The criminal act element and the participation element were made out
because Zuraimy abetted Moad in obtaining actual physical possession of the
Drugs by arranging and driving Moad to Toa Payoh to collect the Drugs. To
prove a common intention to traffic, the Prosecution has to prove that Zuraimy
had the common intention with Moad, for Moad to be in possession of this
36.93g of diamorphine for the purposes of trafficking. The Prosecution cannot
rely on the presumption under s 17 of the MDA against Zuraimy since he was not
in possession of the Drugs. Although Zuraimy may have known the quantity and
the nature of the Drugs, this does not necessarily imply that Zuraimy knew
Moad was purchasing the Drugs for the purposes of trafficking. Zuraimy might
possibly have thought that Moad purchased these drugs for his own consumption.
Given this uncertainty, I am not satisfied that the Prosecution has proven
beyond a reasonable doubt that Zuraimy had the common intention with Moad, for
Moad to be in possession of the 36.93g of diamorphine for the purposes of
trafficking.

18 Zuraimy was the middle man in this escapade, and I think that the
particulars of his charge should more accurately reflect his role as that of
an abettor. I hereby amend the charge as follows –

You, ZURAIMY BIN MUSA are charged that you, between the evening of 11th April
2016, to at or about 12.15am on the 12th April 2016, did abet by intentionally
aiding one Moad Fadzir bin Mustaffa, NRIC No. SXXXXX12F, to possess a Class
‘A’ controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2008, Rev Ed), namely, four packets of granular substances that were
analysed and found to contain not less than 36.93 grams of diamorphine,
without any authorisation under the said Act or the Regulations made
thereunder, to wit, by directing, arranging and accompanying Moad Fadzir bin
Mustaffa to Blk 157 Toa Payoh Lorong 1 to collect the four packets of granular
substances, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 8(a) read
with section 12 and punishable under section 33(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

19 I therefore find Zuraimy guilty on the amended charge and convict him
accordingly. I shall adjourn the sentencing of Zuraimy to 25 February 2019
when parties can address me on the sentence.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Muhamad Imaduddien Bin Abd Karim and Prakash Otharam (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Peter Keith Fernando (M/s Leo Fernando) and Lim Hui Li Debby (Shook Lin & Bok
LLP) for the First accused;  
Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam and Chooi Jing Yen (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP)
for the Second accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

