Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 141

Originating Summons No 1224 of 2017

Between

BXH  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

BXI  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Recourse against award] — [Setting aside] —
[Existence of arbitration agreement] — [Assignment and novation of arbitration
agreement]

[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Recourse against award] — [Setting aside] —
[Invalidity of arbitration agreement] — [Inconsistency between arbitration
agreement and jurisdiction clause]

[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Recourse against award] — [Setting aside] —
[Composition of tribunal not in accordance with agreement]

[Contract] — [Breach]  
  
[Contract] — [Contractual estoppel] — [Estoppel by convention]  
  
[Contract] — [Implied contract]  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BXH

  
v

  

BXI

[2019] SGHC 141

High Court — Originating Summons No 1224 of 2017  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
28–29 June; 2, 23 July 2018

3 September 2019

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 By this application, the plaintiff seeks to set aside an arbitral award
issued in favour of the defendant. The plaintiff brings this application under
Article 34 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration
(“the Model Law”).

2 I have dismissed the plaintiff’s application. The plaintiff has appealed
against my decision. I now set out my reasons.

Brief factual background

3 The plaintiff and the defendant are both Hong Kong companies. The
plaintiff’s business is distributing and remarketing the defendant’s consumer
goods in Russia. The defendant’s business is designing, developing,
manufacturing and selling consumer goods. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

First affidavit of Ms A filed on 6 December 2017, paragraph 11.

The defendant is a wholly-owned subsidiary of a Singapore company which I
shall call “the Parent Company”.

4 The defendant lodged its notice of arbitration with the SIAC in October
2015. In it, the defendant alleged that the plaintiff owed it a total of
US$36.4m being the sums due to the defendant on 106 unpaid invoices for goods
sold and delivered and finance charges accruing on those invoices.

5 The plaintiff rejected the tribunal’s jurisdiction from the outset of the
arbitration. The SIAC constituted the tribunal in April 2016 (in the
circumstances which I set out at [249]–[255] below) and left it to the
tribunal to determine whether it had jurisdiction. The plaintiff thereupon
declined to participate any further in the arbitration. The tribunal held an
evidential hearing in May 2017 in the plaintiff’s absence and issued its final
award in July 2017. The tribunal’s award addressed both the plaintiff’s
objection to jurisdiction as well as the merits of the defendant’s substantive
claim against the plaintiff. The tribunal found in favour of the defendant on
both aspects.

6 The plaintiff’s primary argument before me is that the award should be set
aside under Art 34(2)(a)(i) of the Model Law because the tribunal lacked
jurisdiction to determine the dispute between the parties. Jurisdiction is in
issue because the contract in which the arbitration agreement is found is not
a contract between the plaintiff and the defendant. That original contract is,
instead, one between the plaintiff and the Parent Company. The defendant
claims both its substantive rights against the plaintiff and its right to
resolve that claim by way of arbitration as the result of a series of
subsequent assignments and novations.

7 The plaintiff’s alternative argument is that the award should be set aside
under Art 34(2)(a)(iv) of the Model Law. The plaintiff argues that, even if
the tribunal had jurisdiction, the composition of the tribunal was not in
accordance with the agreement of the parties. The crux of the plaintiff’s
argument on this ground is that the tribunal constituted to determine the
parties’ dispute comprised a sole arbitrator even though their arbitration
agreement stipulates that it should comprise three arbitrators.

8 I shall deal with the plaintiff’s two grounds in turn. I begin with the
issue of jurisdiction.

The eight contracts

9 Determining the plaintiff’s challenge to jurisdiction involves an analysis
of the parties’ complicated legal relationship. For present purposes, that
relationship is set out in eight related contracts. Some of these contracts
are bipartite, some are tripartite and one is between four parties.

10 In brief, as a result of these contracts, at various times: (a) the
defendant assumed the Parent Company’s rights and obligations to the
plaintiff; (b) a third party (which I shall call “the Factor”) became entitled
to receive payment for some of the defendant’s goods; and (c) a Russian
corporation (which I shall refer to as the “Russian Corporation”) became
obliged to make payment for some of the defendant’s goods. Establishing
whether the tribunal has jurisdiction therefore involves tracing the parties’
substantive rights and obligations as well as the procedural right to commence
arbitration against the plaintiff through this matrix of eight contracts.

11 The following table enumerates each of these eight contracts, setting out
the name by which I shall refer to it in this judgment, the date of each
contract and the parties to each contract:

| Agreement| Date| Parties  
---|---|---|---  
1| The Distributor Agreement| 24 December 2010| The plaintiffThe Parent
Company  
2| The Transition Agreement| 14 January 2013| The defendantThe Parent Company  
3| The Assignment and Novation Agreement| 25 January 2013| The plaintiffThe
defendantThe Parent Company  
4| The Participation Agreement| 2 October 2013| The defendantThe Factor  
5| The Gold Plan Agreement| 15 November 2013| The plaintiffThe Factor  
6| The Debt Transfer Agreement| On or around 12 December 2014| The
plaintiffThe defendantThe Russian Corporation  
7| The Open Debt Agreement| On or around December 2014| The plaintiffThe
defendantThe FactorThe Russian Corporation  
8| The Buy Back Agreement | 23 April 2015| The defendantThe Factor  
  
I now describe each of these eight contracts in more detail.

1\. The Distributor Agreement

12 In December 2010, the plaintiff and the Parent Company entered the
Distributor Agreement. The Distributor Agreement authorised the plaintiff to
market and sell the Parent Company’s goods and services in Russia. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

DB-E-620, Distributor Agreement, Attachment A.

The plaintiff began to purchase goods and services from the Parent Company
under the Distributor Agreement in and after December 2010. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraph 135.

13 Clause 25.9 of the Distributor Agreement is an arbitration agreement
between the defendant and the Parent Company. Clause 25.9 is of central
importance in this application. I therefore now set it out in full:

25.9 Disputes. Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement
shall be finally settled by arbitration which shall be held in Singapore in
accordance with the Arbitration Rules of Singapore International Arbitration
Center [sic] (“SIAC Rules”) then in effect. The arbitration shall be final and
binding on the parties, the award shall be in writing and set forth the
findings of fact and the conclusions of law. Any award shall not be subject to
appeal. The number of arbitrators shall be three, with each side to the
dispute entitled to appoint one arbitrator. The two arbitrators appointed by
the parties shall appoint a third arbitrator who shall act as chairman of the
proceedings. Vacancies in the post of chairman shall be filled by the
president of the SIAC. Other vacancies shall be filled by the respective
nominating party. Proceedings shall continue from the stage at the time of
vacancy. If one of the parties refuses or otherwise fails to appoint an
arbitrator within thirty (30) days of the date the other party appoints its
arbitrator, the first appointed arbitrator shall be the sole arbitrator. All
proceedings shall be conducted, including all documents presented in such
proceedings, in the English language. The English language version of this
Agreement prevails over any other language version.

14 It is the defendant’s contention that all of the Parent Company’s rights
and obligations under the Distributor Agreement – both its substantive and its
procedural rights – were novated to the defendant under the next contract in
the series, which I describe at [17]–[20] below. The tribunal accepted the
defendant’s contention.

15 A complication in this case – and another point on which the plaintiff
relies to argue that the tribunal has no jurisdiction – is that the
Distributor Agreement expressly provides that it is to expire on 26 December
2012. I return to the significance of this point at [72]–[79] below.

2\. The Transition Agreement

16 In January 2013, the Parent Company and the defendant entered into the
Transition Agreement. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

DB-E-649 to 670, Transition Agreement.

The objective of the Transition Agreement was to transfer to the defendant all
of the Parent Company’s assets and liabilities. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

First witness statement of Mr G dated 24 August 2016, paragraphs 2.5 to 2.7.

Thus, the Transition Agreement expressly obliges the Parent Company to “assign
or novate, as applicable, and transfer all its rights and obligations under
the Existing Agreements to [the defendant] as per the Effective Date”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

DB-E-653, Transition Agreement, Article 2.1(a).

The Transition Agreement expressly names the Distributor Agreement as being
within the meaning of the defined term “Existing Agreements”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

DB-E-663, Transition Agreement, Schedule B: Existing Agreements.

3\. The Assignment and Novation Agreement

17 A few days after the Transition Agreement, the plaintiff, the defendant and
the Parent Company entered into the Assignment and Novation Agreement. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DB-E-671 to 672, Assignment and Novation Agreement.

The Assignment and Novation Agreement follows up on the Transition Agreement
by novating the Parent Company’s entire legal relationship with the plaintiff
under the Distributor Agreement to the defendant.

18 Clause 1 of the Assignment and Novation Agreement provides as follows:

1\. [The Parent Company] hereby assigns, conveys, transfers and delivers all
of its rights and obligations in and under the Agreements to [the defendant]
effective on a date between January 1, 2013 and June 30, 2013, as notified by
[the Parent Company] to [the plaintiff] and [the defendant] not less than
thirty (30) days prior to such date (“Effective Date”).

[emphasis added]

The Assignment and Novation Agreement expressly names the Distributor
Agreement as being within the meaning of the defined term “Agreements”.

19 Following the Assignment and Novation Agreement, the defendant began
invoicing the plaintiff for goods supplied. The earliest invoice from the
defendant to the plaintiff is dated 7 February 2013. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB-3091, Second affidavit of Mr K filed on 27 March 2018, Exhibit AK2-1, X13.

During a brief transition period, ending with an invoice dated 16 February
2013, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB-3079 to 3090, Second affidavit of Mr K filed on 27 March 2018, Exhibit
AK2-1, X1 to X12.

the Parent Company continued to invoice the plaintiff for goods as well. All
invoices to the plaintiff after that date were issued only by the defendant.

20 The defendant contends that the Assignment and Novation Agreement, and in
particular cl 1 of that agreement, novated to the defendant all of the Parent
Company’s rights and obligations under the Distributor Agreement including the
right to submit disputes with the plaintiff “arising out of or in connection
with” the Distributor Agreement to arbitration under cl 25.9. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraph 30.

The plaintiff contends for a number of reasons that the Assignment and
Novation Agreement failed to have that effect.

3\. The Participation Agreement

21 In early October 2013, the defendant and the Factor entered into the
Participation Agreement. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DB-E-676 to 684, Participation Agreement.

The Participation Agreement established a factoring arrangement under which
the defendant was obliged to offer the Factor an option to buy all of the
invoices which the defendant issued to its customers based in Russia,
including the plaintiff. I shall refer to invoices in this class as “Russian
invoices”. A factoring arrangement such as this offered the defendant the
usual commercial advantages of reducing its payment collection times and
improving its short-term cash flow. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

First witness statement of Mr G dated 24 August 2016, paragraph 3.8.

22 Clause 2.9.6 the Participation Agreement provides that, if the Factor
exercises its option to purchase a particular invoice from the defendant, the
defendant is obliged to transfer to the Factor ownership of the invoice and
the invoice’s “Associated Rights”. The Participation Agreement defines
“Associated Rights” to mean, among other things, “all [the defendant]’s rights
by law as an unpaid vendor or under the sale contract”. I set out cl 2.9.6 in
full at [130] below.

23 As a result of the Participation Agreement, after 2 October 2013, the
invoices which the defendant issued to the plaintiff and which the Factor had
purchased were endorsed with a caution reminding the plaintiff that its debt
to the defendant represented by the invoice could be discharged only by
payment directly to the Factor (“the Caution”): 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 12; First affidavit of Mr L filed
on 28 October 2017, Exhibit ALCH-1, the plaintiff’s Russian solicitors’
letter, paragraph 18; First affidavit of Mr K filed on 15 November 2017,
paragraph 31.

CAUTION: This prof. receivable is transferred to [the Factor] … The payment in
full (with all costs on payer) must be done in direct to its bank account ….
Only the payment to [the Factor] … will be a valid and discharging payment.
[emphasis added]

24 Pursuant to the Participation Agreement, the Factor purchased from the
defendant invoices issued to the plaintiff worth the total sum of US$27.45m.

4\. The Gold Plan Agreement

25 In November 2013, shortly after the Factor entered into the Participation
Agreement with the defendant, the Factor entered the Gold Plan Agreement 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

DB-E-685 to 702, Gold Plan Agreement.

with the plaintiff. The Gold Plan Agreement was a financing agreement under
which the Factor extended trade credit to the plaintiff on invoices which the
Factor had purchased from the defendant. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

First affidavit of Mr K filed on 15 November 2017, paragraph 29.

26 Echoing cl 2.9.6 of the Participation Agreement and the Caution, cl 2.1.2
of the Gold Plan Agreement also provides that the plaintiff “will pay [the
Factor] and not [the defendant] in order to settle Supplier Invoices which
[the Factor] from time to time purchase[s]”.

27 The plaintiff contends that the effect of the Participation Agreement and
the Gold Plan Agreement read together is that the right to receive payment
under any invoice purchased by the Factor and the right to commence
arbitration to recover those debts have all been assigned by the defendant to
the Factor and can no longer be asserted by the defendant against the
plaintiff.

6\. The Debt Transfer Agreement

28 In December 2014, the plaintiff, the defendant and the Russian corporation
entered into the Debt Transfer Agreement. Under the Debt Transfer Agreement,
the Russian Corporation undertook the obligation to pay the debt which was due
under a number of invoices which the plaintiff had failed to pay. The maturity
dates for these invoices fell between 21 September 2014 and 12 December 2014.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DB-E-705 to 711, Debt Transfer Agreement, Attachments 1 to 5.

The parties refer to the debt arising from these invoices as “Open Debt”. The
Open Debt amounts to a total sum of US$32.3m.

29 The objective of the Debt Transfer Agreement is a matter in contention.
Certain clauses suggest that the parties intended to novate to the Russian
Corporation the plaintiff’s obligation to pay the Open Debt, completely
extinguishing the plaintiff’s obligation to do so. However, another provision
of the Debt Transfer Agreement appears to be inconsistent with that intention,
as will be seen later.

7\. The Open Debt Agreement

30 Shortly after entering into the Debt Transfer Agreement, the three parties
to that agreement – the plaintiff, the defendant, and the Russian Corporation
– entered into the Open Debt Agreement with the Factor.

31 The Open Debt Agreement is brief. It begins by adverting to the Debt
Transfer Agreement and then states in its entirety as follows:

1) In connection with the conclusion …[of] the “Debt Transfer Agreement”),
[the Russian Corporation] accepted the assignment of [the plaintiff’s]
relevant payment obligations in the amount of the Open Debt set out in the
Debt Transfer Agreement and enclosed Attachments to the Debt Transfer
Agreement.

2) [The Factor] and [the plaintiff] have entered into the Gold Plan Agreement
of November 15th, 2013, (as signed by [the Factor], each including all its
present or future terms, attachments, exhibits, profiles etc. that are
incorporated into it by reference to it or otherwise (“the Gold Plan”) for
deferred payments by [the plaintiff] of [the defendant’s] accounts receivable
[which the Factor] purchased from [the defendant].

3) [The Factor] purchased the receivables under the Open Debt from [the
defendant]. Therefore:

4) hereby [the defendant] and [the Factor] instruct [the Russian Corporation]
to pay total amount of Open Debt to [the Factor] …

5) [The defendant] hereby confirms that by the payment to [the Factor] [the
Russian Corporation] shall be released from its payment obligation towards
[the defendant] under the Debt Transfer Agreement.

6) [The Factor] hereby confirms that the amount of Open debt resulting from
the Gold Plan shall be decreased by [the Russian Corporation’s] payment, once
such payment is credited to [the Factor’s] bank account.

7) In case [the Russian Corporation] fails to pay the amount of Open Debt,
then [the plaintiff] agrees to pay [the Factor] immediately upon [the
Factor’s] instruction to [the plaintiff].

[emphasis added in bold]

32 The Open Debt Agreement is closely connected to the Debt Transfer
Agreement. That is clear from cl 1 of the Open Debt Agreement and the timing
of its execution. The objective of this agreement appears to be to dovetail
the Debt Transfer Agreement with the Participation Agreement and the Gold Plan
Agreement by obliging the Russian Corporation to pay the Open Debt to the
Factor rather than to the defendant and by obliging the Factor to apply any
payments from the Russian Corporation to reduce the Open Debt.

33 It is not disputed that the Russian Corporation has paid only part of the
Open Debt to the Factor. As at May 2015, the outstanding Open Debt stood at
US$7.07m. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraph 187.

8\. The Buy Back Agreement

34 In 2014 or 2015, the Factor decided to withdraw from business connected to
Russia. As a result, the defendant agreed to buy back from the Factor all of
the Russian invoices which the Factor had purchased from the defendant under
the Participation Agreement but which the defendant’s customers had not yet
paid. As a result, in April 2015, the defendant and the Factor entered into
the Buy Back Agreement.

35 Under the Buy Back Agreement, the defendant repurchased from the Factor all
of the invoices which the defendant’s Russian customers had failed to pay the
Factor as at that date for a total of US$43.9m. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DB-E-716, Buy Back Agreement, Recitals A and B(a).

36 The defendant contends that it carried out a second buy back in December
2015 of another batch of invoices owed by the plaintiff with a face value of
US$2.2m. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 97d; Final award, paragraph 6.2.

According to the defendant, the second buy back covers additional invoices
which were also outstanding at the time of the Buy Back Agreement but which
the Factor had inadvertently failed to include in that agreement. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraphs 193 to 194.

37 The plaintiff rejects the defendant’s contention on the Buy Back Agreement.
It suffices for now to note that the plaintiff’s contention is that the Buy
Back Agreement read with the Gold Plan Agreement was not a repurchase of any
invoices by the defendant, and does not transmit back to the defendant the
debts comprised in those invoices or the right to commence arbitration against
the plaintiff to recover those debts. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 50 to 51.

The plaintiff further argues that it was not given notice of any buy back
arrangement. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 52 to 54.

Primary ground: jurisdiction

Classification of the debts

38 The defendant’s claim against the plaintiff is based on 106 invoices which
the parties have called invoices C1 to C106. The underlying matrix of
contracts suggests that these 106 unpaid invoices can be divided into two main
categories in two ways: based on whether or not the invoices were purchased by
the Factor (see [21] above) and based on whether or not the invoices are part
of the Open Debt (see [28] above). The resulting four-fold categorisation of
the invoices can be summarised in the following table:

| Not part of theOpen Debt(Debt 1)| Part of theOpen Debt(Debt 2)  
---|---|---  
Not purchased by the Factor(Debt A)| Debt 1A  
(C86 – C106)  
Value: US$8.95m| Debt 2A  
(N.A.)  
Purchased bythe Factor(Debt B)| Debt 1B  
(C3 – C6, C13, C18, C28, C30 – C85)  
Value: US$20.38m| Debt 2B  
(C7 – C12, C14 – C17, C19 – C27, C29)  
  
  
39 As can be seen from the table, what I shall call Debt 1 comprises those
invoices that are not part of the Open Debt. Subject to the qualification in
[41] below, Debt 1 can be further divided into two subcategories:

(a) Debt 1A: This category comprises invoices which the Factor never purchased
from the defendant. Accordingly, these invoices were not endorsed with the
Caution (see [23] above) and were always payable by the plaintiff only to the
defendant. The Debt 1A invoices are invoices C86 to C106. They amount in total
to US$8.95m. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DB-F-732, Table of Debt 1A invoices.

(b) Debt 1B: This category comprises invoices which the Factor did purchase
from the defendant, but which the defendant alleges it bought back from the
Factor. These invoices were endorsed with the Caution. The Debt 1B invoices
are invoices C3 to C6, C13, C18, C28, and C30 to C85. They amount in total to
US$20.38m. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DB-F-733 to 734, Table of Debt 1B invoices.

40 Subject again to the qualification in [41] below, Debt 2 can also be
divided into two subcategories:

(a) Debt 2A: This category comprises the Open Debt invoices which the Factor
never purchased from the defendant. There are, in fact, no invoices and no
debts in this category. There is therefore no need to analyse this category
further.

(b) Debt 2B: This category comprises Open Debt invoices which the Factor did
purchase from the defendant but which the defendant alleges it bought back
from the Factor. The Debt 2B invoices therefore contain the Caution. These
invoices are C7 to C12, C14 to C17, C19 to C27 and C29. They amount in total
to US$7.07m. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DB-F-735, Table of Debt 2B invoices.

41 This categorisation is subject to one qualification. The tribunal dealt
with invoices C94 and C95 as part of Debt A. Those two invoices, however, do
contain the Caution. The plaintiff’s case is therefore that the Factor
purchased these two invoices and that they therefore should form part of Debt
B. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, page 6, lines 8 to 15; the plaintiff’s
written submissions, Annex A.

In this judgment, I shall accordingly treat invoices C94 and C95 together with
Debt B. All further references to Debt B in this judgment should be taken as
including invoices C94 and C95 and all further references to Debt A should be
taken as excluding those two invoices.

42 The bulk of the defendant’s claim against the plaintiff in the arbitration
is Debt 1B. The parties therefore consider the Debt 1B invoices to be
archetypical of their transactions. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, page 5, lines 6 to 9.

The parties’ arguments

43 The parties’ arguments on the jurisdiction of the tribunal address the
different categories of debt separately, though there is some degree of
overlap. I start by summarising the arguments which apply to all categories of
debt, before turning to the arguments that apply only to the invoices
purchased by the Factor, ie Debt B. I then conclude by summarising the
arguments which apply only to the remaining invoices, ie Debt A.

The right was never transferred to the defendant

44 The plaintiff’s starting point is to deny that it is a party to any
arbitration agreement with the defendant at all. In particular, the plaintiff
argues that it is not bound by the Parent Company’s assignment and novation of
the Distributor Agreement to the defendant. It rests this argument on several
grounds:

(a) First, the Distributor Agreement had expired before the parties entered
into the Assignment and Novation Agreement. The result is that the Distributor
Agreement had no contractual force on 25 January 2013, which is when the
Parent Company purported to novate it to the defendant. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AB-28 to 46, First affidavit of Mr L filed on 27 October 2017, Exhibit ALCH-1,
the plaintiff’s Russian solicitors’ letter, paragraph 10.1; the plaintiff’s
written submissions, paragraphs 90.1 to 90.2 and 94.3 to 94.4.

(b) Second, neither the Parent Company nor the defendant gave notice of the
assignment or novation to the plaintiff. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 95; Certified Transcript, 2 July
2018, page 24.

(c) Third, the Distributor Agreement does not govern the defendant’s
substantive claim in the arbitration. The defendant’s transactions with the
plaintiff are correctly characterised as 106 individual contracts of sale,
with a new contract arising every time the plaintiff ordered products from the
defendant and received an invoice for those products from the defendant. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

First affidavit of Mr K filed on 15 November 2017, paragraph 16; the
plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 101 to 106.

(d) Fourth, even if the Distributor Agreement governs the defendant’s
substantive claim, it does not contain a valid arbitration agreement. That is
because there is an inconsistency between cl 25.9 and cl 25.8 of the
Distributor Agreement, which provides for the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Singapore courts. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 108.

45 The defendant’s arguments in response can be summarised as follows.

46 In response to the plaintiff’s first argument on the expiry of the
Distributor Agreement:

(a) The Distributor Agreement did not expire on 26 December 2012. The
Distributor Agreement, properly construed, provides for automatic, annual
renewal. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraphs 313 to 320.

(b) Even if the Distributor Agreement did expire before the parties entered
into the Assignment and Novation Agreement, an implied contract by conduct
arose between the parties on terms identical to those set out in writing in
the Distributor Agreement. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraphs 321 to 328.

(c) The plaintiff is estopped from denying that the Distributor Agreement, and
by extension the arbitration agreement in cl 25.9, is in force between the
parties. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraphs 329 to 331.

(d) The principle of separability means that the arbitration agreement in cl
25.9 survives the expiry of the Distributor Agreement. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraphs 332 to 338.

47 The defendant also argues that it gave the requisite notice to the
plaintiff that the Distributor Agreement had been assigned and novated to it.
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraphs 123 to 125.

It relies on an email sent by the defendant to the plaintiff and to the
defendant’s other business partners on 14 December 2012, which stated that
“starting from 14 January 2013, [the defendant’s group] will move its
operations from Singapore to Hong Kong”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Second affidavit of Ms B filed on 25 April 2018, paragraph 12 and Exhibit
TB-6.

48 The defendant contends that each individual sale of goods to the plaintiff
was governed by the entire contractual framework set out in the Distributor
Agreement and the subsequent agreements. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraphs 137 to 141.

Accordingly, the arbitration agreement in the Distributor Agreement did apply
to the defendant’s claims under the invoices it issued to the plaintiff.

49 Finally, the defendant argues that there is no contradiction between cll
25.9 and 25.8 of the Distributor Agreement. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Certified Transcript, 29 June 2018, page 47, lines 4 to 8.

The clauses can be read together such that the arbitration agreement in cl
25.9 governs the resolution of all disputes arising under the Distributor
Agreement while the jurisdiction clause is merely the parties’ submission to
the Singapore courts’ supervisory jurisdiction over any such arbitration.

The defendant lost the right and never regained it

50 The plaintiff’s argument in relation to Debt B specifically is that the
defendant assigned the right to commence arbitration to recover Debt B to the
Factor and that that right remained thereafter vested in the Factor and not in
the defendant. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 41 to 44.

51 The plaintiff accepts that an arbitration agreement can be assigned and
that the assignee thereby obtains the right to commence arbitration to enforce
the substantive rights supported by the arbitration agreement. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, page 12, lines 11 to 15.

It relies in particular on cl 2.9.6 of the Participation Agreement to argue
that because arbitral clauses are universal rights, they fall within the scope
of “Associated Rights” and were thus transferred from the defendant to the
Factor. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, page 14, lines 14 to 22.

52 Therefore, according to the plaintiff, the defendant effected a legal
assignment 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, page 15, lines 25 to 27; the plaintiff’s
written submissions, paragraph 44.

of the arbitration agreement to the Factor, which resulted in the defendant
divesting entirely the right to commence arbitration in favour of the Factor.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, page 10, lines 6 to 9; the plaintiff’s
written submissions, paragraph 48.

This, it says, is the combined effect of the Participation Agreement, the Gold
Plan Agreement and the Caution endorsed on the invoices. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, page 18, lines 24 to 27; the plaintiff’s
written submissions, paragraph 48.

53 The defendant’s main argument in response is that even if it assigned its
rights under the arbitration agreement to the Factor, those rights returned to
the defendant when the Factor assigned Debt B back to the defendant under the
Buy Back Agreement.

54 The plaintiff denies that the Factor assigned Debt B back to the defendant.
It argues, first, that the Buy Back Agreement was not intended to assign Debt
B back to the defendant. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 49 to 51.

As a result, the Factor remained entitled to receive payment of Debt B
pursuant to the Participation Agreement. The plaintiff relies in particular on
cl 3 of the Buy Back Agreement which states that the Factor “will continue to
collect payments (if any) from or on behalf of … [the plaintiff]”.

55 Even if the Factor did assign Debt B back to the defendant under the Buy
Back Agreement, the plaintiff argues that this assignment did not take effect
as a legal assignment under s 4(8) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)
(“CLA”) because the plaintiff as the obligor received no notice of any such
assignment. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 52 to 59.

The assignment, if it took place at all, was therefore at best merely an
equitable assignment. The plaintiff then argues, first, that an equitable
assignment is effective to assign substantive rights but not the right to
arbitrate. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, pages 30 to 33.

In the alternative, the plaintiff argues that an equitable assignee has no
right to commence arbitration against the plaintiff in its sole name, but is
instead obliged to join the equitable assignor – in this case, the Factor – as
a co-claimant. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 64; Certified Transcript, 28 June
2018, page 35, line 9 to page 36, line 13.

56 Finally, for the invoices which the defendant claims to have repurchased in
the second buy back, the plaintiff argues that the defendant bought these back
only after the arbitration had commenced. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 58.

Accordingly, the defendant did not hold the rights represented by these
invoices when it commenced this arbitration in October 2015. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, page 49, lines 3 to 14.

The plaintiff is not the correct respondent

57 In relation to Debt 2B specifically, the plaintiff argues in addition that
it novated Debt 2B to the Russian Corporation. It submits that this is the
effect of the Debt Transfer Agreement, which is consistent with the Open Debt
Agreement. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, page 40, lines 31 to 37; page 41, lines 8
to 37.

Accordingly, the proper respondent to any claim for Debt 2B is the Russian
Corporation and not the plaintiff. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 71.

58 The defendant rejects the plaintiff’s interpretation of the Debt Transfer
Agreement. The defendant contends, based on the background to this agreement,
that it was not intended to transfer the obligation to pay Debt 2B from the
plaintiff to the Russian Corporation. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraph 174.

The defendant also contends that, based on the express terms of this
agreement, the plaintiff is released from its obligations to the defendant
only when the Russian Corporation makes full payment to the defendant. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraph 42.

This, it submits, is inconsistent with a novation of debts.

The plaintiff cannot claim sums due on debit notes issued unilaterally

59 I now consider Debt 1A. This comprises invoices which are not part of the
Open Debt and which the Factor did not purchase. The plaintiff’s chief
complaint is that these invoices are not contractual in nature but are in fact
debit notes issued unilaterally by the defendant to the plaintiff and which
therefore do not give rise to any contractual obligation to pay. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, page 45, lines 7 to 30; the plaintiff’s
written submissions, paragraphs 83 to 84.

60 The plaintiff also raises specific arguments in relation to specific
invoices: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 85 to 86.

(a) in relation to invoices C86 to C93 and invoice C106 (totalling US$0.99m),
the plaintiff argues that these debts were extinguished by December 2014; and

(b) in relation to invoices C100 to C105 (totalling US$4.87m), that these are
debts owed by another entity entirely.

61 For these reasons, the plaintiff submits that the tribunal has no
jurisdiction over the defendant’s claim for Debt 1A as well.

62 The defendant argues that the Debt 1A invoices – being in form debit notes
replacing original invoices – are valid demands for payment based on its
internal accounting practices. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Second witness statement of Ms B dated 3 February 2017, paragraph 3.11.

It therefore submits that a dispute over Debt 1A is within the tribunal’s
jurisdiction.

The tribunal’s findings

63 The tribunal’s findings can be summarised as follows: 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Final award, paragraphs 7.2 and 10.1.

(a) The Distributor Agreement did not expire on 26 December 2012. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Final award, paragraphs 8.10 to 8.13.

(b) The defendant was the correct claimant in the arbitration because the
Assignment and Novation Agreement validly novated the Parent Company’s rights
and obligations under the Distributor Agreement to the defendant. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Final award, paragraph 8.25.

(c) The dispute set out in the defendant’s Notice of Arbitration did not arise
under the Gold Plan Agreement but instead arose under the Distributor
Agreement. The result was that the resolution of the defendant’s claim was
therefore governed by the arbitration agreement in the Distributor Agreement
and not by the exclusive jurisdiction clause in the Gold Plan Agreement. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Final award, paragraph 8.48.

(d) The defendant effected a legal assignment of Debt B to the Factor. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Final award, paragraph 8.47.

It was therefore unnecessary to consider whether the defendant effected an
equitable assignment of Debt B to the Factor.

(e) The Open Debt Agreement effected a legal assignment of the Open Debt to
the Factor. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Final award, paragraph 8.47.

(f) There was nothing to prevent the Factor from assigning the Open Debt back
to the defendant. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Final award, paragraph 8.48.

(g) The Factor did in fact assign the Open Debt back to the defendant, and the
defendant had not lost the right to recover the Open Debt from the plaintiff.
The defendant was therefore the proper claimant in the arbitration. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Final award, paragraph 8.40.

(h) Despite the Debt Transfer Agreement with the Russian Corporation, the
plaintiff was the proper respondent in the arbitration. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Final award, paragraph 8.56.

Issues on jurisdiction

64 The paramount question as to jurisdiction is whether the plaintiff and
defendant were parties to an arbitration agreement within the meaning of the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) when the
defendant issued its notice of arbitration. This paramount question can be
divided into the following subsidiary questions:

(a) Did the Assignment and Novation Agreement novate to the defendant the
arbitration agreement between the plaintiff and the Parent Company in cl 25.9
of the Distributor Agreement?

(b) Did the Participation Agreement assign to the Factor the arbitration
agreement in relation to invoices purchased by the Factor, ie Debt B? If so,
did the Buy Back Agreement and the second buy back assign that benefit back to
the defendant?

(c) In relation to Debt 2B, were the plaintiff’s obligations transferred from
the plaintiff to the Russian Corporation such that the plaintiff ceased to be
obliged to pay Debt 2B entirely?

(d) Does the defendant have a valid claim on invoices C3 to C6 which form part
of Debt 1B?

(e) Does the defendant have a valid claim on the debit notes which constitute
Debt 1A?

As is apparent from these questions, only the first question concerns the
tribunal’s jurisdiction over all of the debts which the defendant claimed in
the arbitration. The remaining questions concerns the tribunal’s jurisdiction
over only certain categories of debt. The plaintiff accepts that, if it fails
on the first question, it must succeed in establishing the tribunal’s lack of
jurisdiction under each of the remaining questions in order to secure its
objective in this application of setting aside the award in full. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Certified Transcript, 2 July 2018, page 18, lines 4 to 17.

65 Apart from these five questions arising from the matrix of contracts, a
further two issues arise as to the tribunal’s jurisdiction. They are:

(a) Was cl 25.9 of the Distributor Agreement incorporated into the contracts
of sale between the parties?

(b) Is cl 25.9 of the Distributor Agreement unworkable for being inconsistent
with the jurisdiction clause in cl 25.8 of the same agreement?

66 I deal with these two issues after dealing with the five questions which I
have identified.

Assignment and novation of the Distributor Agreement

67 As mentioned, the basis of the tribunal’s jurisdiction in the arbitration
is cl 25.9 of the Distributor Agreement. This is a fairly lengthy clause which
I have already set out in full (see [13] above). I reproduce only the relevant
parts now:

25.9 Disputes. Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement
shall be finally settled by arbitration which shall be held in Singapore in
accordance with the Arbitration Rules of Singapore International Arbitration
Center [sic] (“SIAC Rules”) then in effect. The arbitration shall be final and
binding on the parties, the award shall be in writing and set forth the
findings of fact and the conclusions of law. Any award shall not be subject to
appeal. …

68 To recap, the plaintiff argues that the defendant was not and never became
a party to the Distributor Agreement. To this end, it submits that the
Distributor Agreement expired on 26 December 2012, before the parties entered
into the Assignment and Novation Agreement. This means that the Parent Company
could not have transferred the arbitration agreement to the defendant under
the Assignment and Novation Agreement because the entire Distributor Agreement
had ceased to have contractual force before then.

69 The defendant rejects this and relies on the parties’ conduct to argue that
the Distributor Agreement continued to have contractual force after 26
December 2012. The defendant also relies on the doctrine of separability to
argue that, at the very least, the arbitration agreement continued to have
contractual force after that date.

70 Whether the defendant became a party to the arbitration agreement in cl
25.9 in the first place raises the following subsidiary issues:

(a) Did the Distributor Agreement expire on 26 December 2012?

(b) Even if the Distributor Agreement did expire on that date:

(i) Did the arbitration agreement in cl 25.9 of the Distributor Agreement
survive the expiry of the Distributor Agreement?

(ii) Alternatively, did the parties’ conduct after that date give rise to an
implied contract on the same terms as the Distributor Agreement?

(iii) Further and in the alternative, is the plaintiff estopped from denying
the continued existence of the Distributor Agreement?

71 I will consider each argument in turn.

Expiry of the Distributor Agreement

72 The plaintiff’s first argument is that the Distributor Agreement expired on
26 December 2012, before it could be novated to the defendant. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 90.2 to 90.3.

The plaintiff relies on Attachment A to the Distributor Agreement, which
defines both the “Term Start” and the “End Date” of the agreement. Notably,
the “End Date” is stated to be 26 December 2011. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DB-E-620, Distributor Agreement, Attachment A.

The plaintiff also points to the clause beneath the defined start and end date
of the agreement, which states:

Unless either party notifies the other not less than one (1) month prior to
the End Date, this Agreement shall continue after the End Date for a period of
one (1) years [sic].

73 Reading the clauses together, the plaintiff submits that the Distributor
Agreement continued for a year after 26 December 2011 and then expired on 26
December 2012. Neither the plaintiff nor the Parent Company gave notice to the
other to extend or terminate the Distributor Agreement. On that basis, the
plaintiff argues that the Distributor Agreement expired on 26 December 2012.

74 The defendant adopts a different interpretation of these provisions. The
defendant submits that, in the absence of notice, the Distributor Agreement
was extended automatically for successive one-year periods, and not just for a
single year ending 26 December 2012. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraph 313.

The defendant’s case is therefore that the Distributor Agreement remained in
force all the way until it gave notice to terminate the agreement on 8
September 2015.

75 On this point, I accept the plaintiff’s submission and reject the
defendant’s. The defendant’s argument that the Distributor Agreement
contemplated successive renewals for additional one-year terms indefinitely is
quite inconsistent with the parties’ express contractual provisions on the
term of the agreement. The clause in Attachment A provides expressly that
unless notice is given by either party, the agreement “shall continue after
the End Date for a period of one (1) years [sic]” [emphasis added]. The
parties chose to define “End Date” in the Distributor Agreement expressly as
“26 December 2011”. It is significant to me that the Distributor Agreement
defines “End Date” as a specific date and not recursively by reference to the
end of the current one-year extension effected by notice. That this clause
comes just one line after the defined duration of the agreement also serves as
an indicator that the reference to “End Date” in the following clause must
refer to the fixed date stipulated in the Distributor Agreement. In my view,
the Distributor Agreement provided that it would continue to have contractual
effect after 26 December 2011 up to 26 December 2012, at which point it would
expire unless the parties entered into a separate extension agreement.

76 The defendant’s alternative argument is that the Distributor Agreement
provided that it would continue to apply so long as the plaintiff continued
ordering goods from the counterparty to that agreement and the counterparty
continued supplying goods in response. For this argument, it relies on cl 24.4
of the agreement. Clause 24.4 provides:

[The Parent Company] may, in its sole discretion, authorize Distributor to
perform certain activities under the Agreement after its termination or
expiration. Any such activities shall be conducted in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement. [emphasis added]

77 I reject this argument also. Clause 24.4, on a plain reading, means only
that, if the plaintiff’s counterparty authorises the plaintiff to perform
certain specific activities under the Distributor Agreement after it ceases to
have contractual force, those specific activities will be governed by the
terms of the Distributor Agreement which are relevant to those activities and
the plaintiff is therefore obliged to carry out the authorised activities in
the manner stipulated in the agreement. Clause 24.4 does not, on its face,
provide that all the terms of the Distributor Agreement – comprising both
rights and obligations vested in both the plaintiff and the counterparty –
continue to have contractual force simply because the plaintiff has been
authorised to perform those specific activities.

78 Reading cl 24.4 in the context in which it appears in the Distributor
Agreement supports my interpretation of it. Clause 24 of the Distributor
Agreement carries the title “Term and Termination”. It sets out the
circumstances in which the parties agreed that the Distributor Agreement will
cease to have contractual force. Clause 24.1 deals with the duration of the
agreement. Clause 24.2 provides that either party may terminate the agreement
with three months’ prior notice. Clause 24.3 provides when a party may
terminate the agreement upon the other party’s breach. Clause 24.4 then
appears. By its very phrasing, cl 24.4 is clearly premised on the Distributor
Agreement having ceased to have contractual force. In that context, its intent
is to permit the Parent Company to authorise the plaintiff to perform any
residual activities necessary or desirable in order to bring the parties’
business relationship to an orderly end. Purchase of goods under the
Distributor Agreement is not a residual activity but the core purpose of the
agreement. The intent of cl 24.4 is not that the Distributor Agreement in its
entirety should continue to have full contractual force indefinitely into the
future. That would be wholly inconsistent with the premise on which cl 24.4 is
based.

79 Accordingly, cl 24.4 does not form a basis for the defendant to argue that
the Distributor Agreement as a whole continued to have contractual force after
26 December 2012.

Survival of cl 25.9

80 The defendant’s alternative argument is that, in any event, the arbitration
agreement in cl 25.9 survived the expiry of the Distributor Agreement on 26
December 2012. There are two facets to this argument. The defendant bases this
argument on both the principle of separability of arbitration agreements 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraphs 277 to 280, and 332 to 334.

and on cl 25.3 of the Distributor Agreement:

25.3 Survival. Any terms of this Agreement which by their nature survive the
expiration or termination of this Agreement, including Limitation of Liability
and Indemnification, shall survive any such expiration or termination.

81 The defendant submits that an arbitration agreement is a “paradigm example”
of a term which by its nature survives the expiration of the contract into
which it is integrated. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraph 334.

Therefore, as a consequence of both the principle of separability and the
parties’ own contract, cl 25.9 continued to have contractual force after 26
December 2012.

82 The principle of separability means that the invalidity of a contract does
not necessarily entail the invalidity of an arbitration agreement which is
integrated into that contract. Lord Hoffmann, delivering the judgment of the
House of Lords in Fiona Trust & Holding Corp v Privalov [2007] 4 All ER 951
said (at [17]):

The arbitration agreement must be treated as a ‘distinct agreement’ and can be
void or voidable only on the grounds which relate directly to the arbitration
clause. [emphasis added]

83 The principle of separability does not, however, mean that an integrated
arbitration agreement can never cease to have contractual effect together with
the contract into which it is integrated. As Steven Chong J (as he then was)
noted in BCY v BCZ [2017] 3 SLR 357 at [61], separability does not insulate
the arbitration agreement from the substantive contract for all purposes. The
question is whether, in this case, it was the intention of the parties that
the expiry of the Distributor Agreement should also bring the arbitration
agreement between the parties to an end. The intention of the parties, as
always, is to be ascertained objectively from the words interpreted by
applying the contextual approach.

84 It is generally presumed that the parties intend a dispute resolution
clause to survive the substantive contract ceasing to have contractual force.
That is because the fundamental purpose of a dispute resolution clause is to
govern the resolution of disputes between the parties arising out of the
contract. This was recently affirmed in Nippon Catalyst Pte Ltd v PT Trans-
Pacific Petrochemical Indotama and another [2018] SGHC 126 at [36], where
Audrey Lim JC (as she then was) quoted with approval this statement of
principle from Gary Born, International Commercial Arbitration, Vol I (Wolters
Kluwer, 2nd Ed, 2014) at pp 888–889:

… the parties’ intention will presumptively be that they do not intend to
terminate their arbitration agreement, or to permit unilateral termination of
that agreement, but rather to leave the arbitration agreement in place to
resolve whatever disputes that may subsequently come to light concerning the
past performance of their contract or the termination of that contract.

… As a practical matter, commercial parties virtually never intend to
terminate an arbitration agreement that they have concluded; they instead
intend to terminate their underlying contract while leaving their agreed
dispute resolution mechanism in place for any disputes that may in the future
emerge from their contract while it was in effect.

This is not, of course, a legal presumption in the technical sense of the
word. It simply reflects the fact that contractual disputes frequently
manifest themselves only after the substantive contract has ceased to have
contractual force between the parties. Indeed, it is very often that the
parties’ dispute is precisely about whether the contract has in fact ceased to
have contractual force.

85 There are, in this case, no circumstances from which it can be suggested
that the plaintiff and the Parent Company, as the parties to the Distributor
Agreement, intended their arbitration agreement to cease to have contractual
effect on 26 December 2012, when the Distributor Agreement expired. Indeed,
that would be a wholly uncommercial interpretation to put upon cl 25.9 of the
Distributor Agreement for the reasons I have already given.

86 Further, cl 25.3 of the Distributor Agreement is in fact express indication
that the plaintiff and the Parent Company intended their arbitration agreement
in cl 25.9 to survive the expiry of the contract. By including cl 25.3, the
parties expressly agreed that certain clauses of the Distributor Agreement
would continue to bind the parties even after the Distributor Agreement as a
whole had ceased to have contractual effect. I agree with the defendant’s
submission that the reference in cl 25.3 to terms “which by their nature”
survive the termination of the contract captures an arbitration agreement such
as cl 25.9.

87 Accordingly, I find that the arbitration agreement continued to have
contractual force as between the plaintiff and the Parent Company when the
Distributor Agreement expired on 26 December 2012. But I also find, for the
reasons which follow, that the Distributor Agreement, or a substantive
contract on terms identical to it, continued to have contractual force after
the Distributor Agreement expired on 26 December 2012.

Implied contract

88 The defendant submits that an implied contract on the same terms as the
Distributor Agreement arose after 26 December 2012. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraphs 321 to 328.

The defendant relies on the conduct of the parties as evidence of an implied
contract. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraph 328.

This is certainly a recognised manner by which an implied contract can come
into existence. As Chitty on Contracts (HG Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell,
33rd Ed, 2019) (“Chitty on Contracts”) explains at para 1–111:

… There may also be an implied contract when the parties make an express
contract to last for a fixed term, and continue to act as though the contract
still bound them after the term has expired. In such a case the court may
infer that the parties have agreed to renew the express contract for another
term or the court may infer an implied contract drawing on some of the terms
of the earlier contract, but omitting others. … [emphasis added]

89 The overarching question is whether an intention to renew their written
contract after its expiry can be inferred from the parties’ conduct, even
though that intention is never expressed in words. The exact terms of any
implied contract that may arise will of course depend on the facts of each
case. I refer to three cases cited by the defendant in which the court found
that an implied contract arose.

90 SJD Group v KJM (Scotland) [2010] CSOH 13 (“SJD Group”), 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defendant’s bundle of authorities (“DBOA”), Tab 23.

a decision of the Outer House of the Scottish Court of Session, concerned a
franchise agreement which commenced on 1 August 2003 and expired after a five-
year term on 1 August 2008. The parties nevertheless continued as though the
agreement had not expired, with the plaintiff providing its services to the
defendant and invoicing the defendant for payment as before. Lord Glennie held
that a reasonable detached observer, looking at the conduct of the parties
after the agreement expired, would infer that the parties were continuing to
do business, as far as possible, on the same terms as before. Insofar as the
original contract provided for a fixed expiry date, however, Lord Glennie held
that the observer would not conclude that the implied contract was to be for a
further fixed period of five years but that it would continue only until one
party terminated it upon reasonable notice to the other (at [21]).

91 SJD Group was considered and approved by Males J, albeit in obiter, in the
English High Court in the case of PSG Franchising v Lydia Darby Ltd [2012]
EWHC 3707 (QB). 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DBOA, Tab 18.

The facts of the case are similar to those in SJD Group. Males J agreed (at
[54]) with Lord Glennie’s reasoning that the likely inference from parties
continuing to deal with each other after an agreement expires as though the
agreement were still in force is that they intended their contractual
relationship to continue on the same terms as in the expired agreement. Males
J did not, however, have to consider the term of the implied contract and
whether, as in SJD Group, the implied contract would continue only until
terminated by either party on reasonable notice.

92 In Brambles v Wail [2002] VSCA 150, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DBOA, Tab 7.

the plaintiff entered into an agreement with the defendant’s employer, Andar
Transport, for the latter to provide delivery services. The agreement was for
a term of three years from 4 April 1990. It expired on 4 April 1993 without
the plaintiff renewing the agreement. Nonetheless, the defendant on behalf of
Andar continued to carry out weekly deliveries for the plaintiff and invoiced
it accordingly. The Victorian Court of Appeal found the inference that the
parties had proceeded as though they were bound by a single agreement on the
same terms as the expired agreement to be a more compelling inference than the
inference that they had entered into a series of individual implied agreements
covering each subsequent delivery (at [61]):

The question whether an implied or tacit agreement to continue dealing on the
same terms save that the agreement should be terminable on reasonable notice
is to be inferred is, … an evidentiary or factual question. On the facts we
have set out earlier we consider such an inference should be drawn here. The
evidence … warrants the finding that after 3 April 1993 the parties proceeded
as though still governed by the terms of the original agreement (save that,
since it had already expired, either could terminate the substitute
arrangement on reasonable notice), rather than a finding that they impliedly
agreed merely that Andar should collect and deliver the laundry and that
Brambles should pay it a reasonable sum for that or a finding that the parties
made a series of individual implied agreements … [emphasis added]

93 The plaintiff attempts to distinguish these three cases on the grounds that
in all those cases, it was the original parties to the agreement who continued
to act as if the agreement remained in force after its expiry. It may be
appropriate to imply a new contract on identical terms to an expired contract
as between the original parties to the expired contract based on the original
parties’ prior course of dealing. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, page 50, lines 27 to 39.

In this case, however, the defendant is a third party to the original
Distributor Agreement between the plaintiff and the Parent Company.

94 The plaintiff relies on Grossner Jens v Raffles Holdings Ltd [2004] 1
SLR(R) 202 (“Grossner Jens”). In Grossner Jens, the plaintiff claimed payment
for its brokering services, alleging that it had provided those services
pursuant to an implied contract between itself and the defendant. Tan Lee Meng
J dismissed the plaintiff’s claim, noting that material terms of the alleged
contract had not been agreed. The plaintiff’s scope of duties and remuneration
also could not be implied from any previous course of dealing between the
parties because there were insufficient dealings between them (at [14] and
[18]). The plaintiff appears to be arguing, based on this case, that because
there were no prior dealings between itself and the defendant, there is no
basis to find that an implied contract arose on the terms of the Distributor
Agreement – a contract to which the defendant was not even a party before it
expired. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, page 51, lines 10 to 13.

95 The plaintiff is correct, as a matter of pure principle, that the court
cannot conjure an implied contract out of nothing. But that is not the
situation on the facts before me. The defendant here, although initially a
third party to the Distributor Agreement, stepped into the shoes of the
plaintiff’s original counterparty (ie the Parent Company) pursuant to a
tripartite novation. Accordingly, the question in our case is whether the
plaintiff dealt with the Parent Company (prior to the novation), and later
with the defendant (after the novation), consistently with the notion that the
Distributor Agreement was still in force.

96 On the evidence before me, it is clear that the plaintiff and the Parent
Company continued their course of dealing under the Distributor Agreement even
after it expired on 26 December 2012. As mentioned above (at [12] and [19]),
the Parent Company began invoicing the plaintiff in December 2010 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraph 135.

and continued to do so until 16 February 2013. In the meantime, the defendant
began issuing invoices to the plaintiff on 7 February 2013 and continued
supplying goods to the plaintiff until the last quarter of 2014. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

First witness statement of Ms B dated 24 August 2016, paragraphs 5.2 to 5.5.

A reasonable detached observer, on these facts, would draw the inference that
an implied contract, terminable on reasonable notice, subsisted between the
plaintiff and the Parent Company on the same terms as the Distributor
Agreement on and after 26 December 2012. That is what the Parent Company and
the plaintiff then novated to the defendant on 25 January 2013.

97 This inference is supported by the evidence. In or around mid-2013, the
defendant required all its customers to provide letters of guarantee. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

First witness statement of Mr A dated 24 August 2016, paragraphs 5.2 to 5.4.

The plaintiff accordingly procured a related company to provide a guarantee to
the defendant. The guarantee is dated 9 August 2013 and was to be effective
for a period of one year, until 9 August 2014. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DB-E-673, Guarantee Letter, paragraph 7.

The guarantee confirms that the defendant is “a party of a [Distributor
Agreement] with [the plaintiff]” and states that the guarantor’s obligations
include: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DB-E-673, Guarantee Letter, paragraph 1.

… (1) the payment of amounts due to [the defendant] from [the plaintiff] under
the [Distributor Agreement], deriving from products purchased under the
authority of the [Distributor Agreement] as well as any other amount due in
connection with the [Distributor Agreement] and (2) any commitment, promise or
covenant entered into by [the plaintiff] pursuant to the [Distributor
Agreement]. …

It is evident, by the act of procuring the guarantee and by the terms of that
guarantee that the plaintiff, the defendant and its guarantor considered the
Distributor Agreement as continuing to set out the contractual terms which
bound the parties as of 9 August 2013.

98 Lastly, the parties also entered into other agreements after 2012 that
expressly referred to the Distributor Agreement. The first of those agreements
is the Assignment and Novation Agreement on 25 January 2013. The preamble of
the Assignment and Novation Agreement states:

Whereas, [the Parent Company] and [the plaintiff] are parties to the
agreement(s) listed in the table below … which are in full force and effect as
of the date hereof; … [emphasis added]

The only “agreement(s) listed in the table below” is the Distributor
Agreement.

99 Similarly, the Debt Transfer Agreement of 12 December 2014 between the
plaintiff, the defendant and the Russian Corporation states unequivocally that
“[the plaintiff] and [the defendant] are parties to the [Distributor
Agreement] … which is in full force and effect as of the date hereof”
[emphasis added].

100 In my view, the conduct of the plaintiff and the Parent Company puts it
beyond doubt that they considered themselves to be bound by a contract on the
terms set out in the Distributor Agreement after its expiry on 26 December
2012. Similarly, the conduct of the plaintiff and the defendant after entering
into the Assignment and Novation Agreement puts it beyond doubt that they
considered themselves to be bound by a contract on the terms set out in the
Distributor Agreement on and after 25 January 2013. The inference is even more
compelling than that in Bramble v Wail because there was more than conduct in
this case to evidence the parties’ intention. They not only carried on with
the sale and purchase of goods and invoicing as normal, they expressly
affirmed in words that they considered the Distributor Agreement to continue
to bind them at various points in 2013 and 2014. I therefore find that there
was an implied contract on identical terms as the Distributor Agreement that
arose between the plaintiff and the Parent Company parties after 26 December
2012, which was then novated to the defendant on 25 January 2013 and which
continued thereafter until the defendant terminate it by notice in September
2015.

101 A final point to consider is whether an arbitration agreement contained in
an implied contract satisfies the requirement of being “in writing” under s
2A(3) of the IAA. Section 2A(4) of the IAA, however, states that an
arbitration agreement is “in writing if its content is recorded in any form,
whether or not the arbitration agreement or contract has been concluded
orally, by conduct or by other means” [emphasis added]. In AQZ v ARA [2015] 2
SLR 972 at [119]–[120], Judith Prakash J (as she then was) held that the
arbitration agreement in an oral contract satisfied the statutory requirement
of writing because it was on terms identical to an arbitration agreement
contained in an earlier written contract between the parties. The arbitration
agreement between the plaintiff and defendant is, in all but the most formal
or technical of senses, cl 25.9 of the Distributor Agreement.

102 The defendant is therefore entitled to rely on the arbitration agreement
in cl 25.9 of the Distributor Agreement to found the tribunal’s jurisdiction.

Estoppel

103 Finally, the defendant relies on the same facts set out at [96]–[99] above
to argue that the plaintiff represented to the defendant by conduct that the
Distributor Agreement continued to have contractual force after 26 December
2012. The plaintiff is therefore estopped from asserting that the Distributor
Agreement expired on 26 December 2012, and in particular, is estopped from
denying the existence of the arbitration agreement. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraph 331.

104 The defendant argues that two types of estoppel are engaged on these
facts. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraphs 329 to 330.

The first type is contractual estoppel. Where the parties to a contract have,
in their contract, agreed that a specified state of affairs forms the basis on
which they have contracted, they are estopped from alleging that the actual
facts are inconsistent with the state of affairs specified in the contract
(see Chitty on Contracts at para 4–116).

105 The second type of estoppel is estoppel by convention. Where both parties
to a contract act on an assumption as to the state of the facts or the law,
they are estopped from denying the truth of that assumption if it would be
unjust or unconscionable to allow that (Chitty on Contracts at para 4–108).

106 The difference between the two types of estoppel is explained in Chitty on
Contracts at para 4–116 in this way:

[Contractual estoppel] would differ from estoppels by convention in that
“contractual estoppel” gives effect to a term of a contract which, on its true
construction, prevents a party from denying facts specified in that term and
in the circumstances (if any) specified in it; while estoppels by convention
invoke factors extrinsic to the contract as grounds for precluding the
estopped party from denying facts such as the existence of a promise not
included in the contract on its true construction and of holding him bound by
that promise … [emphasis in original; emphasis added in bold]

107 The terms that the defendant relies on as giving rise to a contractual
estoppel are those found in the preamble to the Assignment and Novation
Agreement and the Debt Transfer Agreement (see [98]–[99] above). In OMG
Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn Bhd [2012] 4 SLR 201, Andrew Ang J noted that
there are indications that a contractual estoppel may be founded on a recital
in an instrument not by deed. Ang J went on to opine, at [71]:

I find that it is more conceptually consistent for a recital in an agreement
not by deed to be similarly capable of giving rise to an estoppel by
convention, where the proposition in the recital was contemplated by the
parties and intended to be an agreement between them. …

108 With respect, the reasoning at [71] of OMG Holdings is not entirely clear.
If the basis of estoppel by convention is that parties have acted on an
assumed state of affairs that is not a legally binding term within their
contract, then there would be no need for the requirement that the proposition
in the recital was “intended to be an agreement” between the parties.

109 Nevertheless, nothing turns on the precise difference between contractual
estoppel and estoppel by convention in this case. It makes no difference in
the present case whether the statements confirming the continuation of the
Distributor Agreement in the preamble to the Assignment and Novation Agreement
and in the Debt Transfer Agreement are interpreted as being legally binding
terms which both parties are precluded as a matter of contract from denying or
as an extrinsic state of affairs which the defendant acted upon. Either
characterisation leads to the conclusion that the plaintiff is estopped from
denying that the Distributor Agreement’s terms continued to bind it after 26
December 2012. The defendant supplied goods to the plaintiff in 2013 and 2014
on the basis that the parties continued to be bound by the terms set out in
the Distributor Agreement. The plaintiff accepted those goods. It would be
unconscionable for the plaintiff to assert now, in a claim by the defendant on
unpaid invoices for those goods, that such reliance was mistaken.

110 Accordingly, I accept the defendant’s alternative argument that the
plaintiff is estopped from denying the existence of the Distributor Agreement,
and from denying that it is bound by the arbitration agreement contained in cl
25.9 of the Distributor Agreement.

Notice

111 Finally, the plaintiff argues that cl 1 of the Assignment and Novation
Agreement itself mandates that notice must be given by the Parent Company to
the plaintiff and defendant before the novation will be effective. Such
notice, the plaintiff contends, was not given. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 95 to 99.

112 Clause 1 of the Assignment and Novation Agreement provides:

1\. [The Parent Company] hereby assigns, conveys, transfers and delivers all
of its rights and obligations in and under the Agreements to [the defendant]
effective on a date between January 1, 2013 and June 30, 2013, as notified by
[the Parent Company] to [the plaintiff] and [the defendant] not less than
thirty (30) days prior to such date (“Effective Date”). [emphasis added]

113 The first point I make is that the Assignment and Novation Agreement,
despite the use of the word “assigns” in cl 1, effected a novation of the
Distributor Agreement from the Parent Company to the defendant, not an
assignment. I say that because it expressly transferred both the Parent
Company’s rights as well as its obligations to the defendant. That is no doubt
the reason why it was drawn up and executed as a tripartite agreement. There
is no general requirement for notice to be given to an obligor before an
obligee whose rights arise by reason of a novation may take action to enforce
those rights alone and in its own name. The issue of notice arises here only
because of the express terms of cl 1 of the Assignment and Novation Agreement.

114 The defendant’s case is that the Parent Company did give the notice
required by cl 1 of the Assignment and Novation Agreement. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraphs 122 to 125; Certified Transcript,
29 June 2018, p 14, lines 1 to 32; p 16, lines 6 to 15.

It relies on an email dated 14 December 2012 from the Parent Company to a
number of its business partners, including the plaintiff, informing them of
the impending transition of the Parent Company’s operations to the defendant
“starting from 14 January 2013”. The defendant argues that the 14 December
2012 email constitutes notice under cl 1, and that the novation took effect on
14 January 2013.

115 The documents, on their face, seem to support the defendant’s submission.
The relevant email is short and states simply: 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DB-G-2261, Email from the Parent Company to the plaintiff and other recipients
dated 14 December 2012 at 9.24pm.

Please be advised that, starting from 14 January 2013, [the defendant group]
will move its operations from Singapore to Hong Kong.

116 The email is titled “Assignment and Novation to [the defendant] –
transition will occur on 14 January 2013” [emphasis added]. This makes it
clear that the transition will take place as an event on the specified date
and not as a process commencing on the specified date. Further, the email
comes with one attachment, an Information Letter which elaborates: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

DB-G-2263, Letter dated 14 December 2012.

We are writing further to our communication dated November 1, 2012, which
announced the transition of certain operations from [the Parent Company] to
[the defendant].

In accordance with the Assignment and Novation Agreement included in that
communication, we are now able to confirm that the transition will occur on 14
January 2013.

The attachment itself is titled: “on 14 Jan 2013 [the defendant] starts
operations.pdf”.

117 The chief difficulty with the defendant’s submission is that the 14
December 2012 email, and the alleged effective date of novation of 14 January
2013, came before the three parties executed the Assignment and Novation
Agreement on 25 January 2013. This raises the question whether, as a matter of
construction of the Assignment and Novation Agreement, the 14 December 2012
email is capable of being the contractual notice required by cl 1 of that
agreement.

118 Clause 1 does not require notice to be issued only after cl 1 acquires
contractual effect. The language of cl 1 is neutral on this point: “as
notified by [the Parent Company] to [the plaintiff] and [the defendant] not
less than thirty (30) days prior to such date”. I accept the defendant’s
submission that the words “as notified” do not unequivocally suggest that
notice is an event for the future (eg “as will be notified”). Nothing much can
be discerned from it, and it does not preclude the possibility of a notice in
the past (eg “as already notified”).

119 Indeed, it is significant to me that the only legal significance of the
notice is to fix the Effective Date. Clause 1 of the Assignment and Novation
Agreement does not impose an obligation on the Parent Company to give notice.
In other words, if the Parent Company never gave notice, it would not be in
breach of the agreement. All that would happen in that case is that the
novation which the defendant had agreed to would simply not become effective.
That suggests to me that what is important is that the plaintiff should know
the Effective Date, regardless of how and more importantly when that happens.

120 The factual circumstances make it clear that the notice being issued
before the Assignment and Novation Agreement is of little contractual
significance. These circumstances reveal how the parties would have seen the
14 December 2012 email and its attachment.

121 The earliest indication to the Parent Company’s partners, including the
plaintiff, of the impending novation came with an email on 19 November 2012
from the Parent Company. The email attached a blank draft of the Assignment
and Novation Agreement, on identical terms as the one executed on 25 January
2013 with the plaintiff. The email states: 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DB-G-2259, Email from the Parent Company to the plaintiff and other recipients
dated 19 November 2012 at 9.12am.

As you know, effective from 2013, [the defendant group] will move its
operations from Singapore to Hong Kong. Please refer to the Information Letter
attached.

To simplify the transfer of Distribution Agreements Off-Shore between your
companies, and [the Parent Company], to [the defendant], please insert your
company names, print out and sign the attached Assignment as well as the
Novation Agreement in 2 original copies. Please send me those originals to
[the defendant group]’s office … by 30 November 2012. …

[emphasis added]

122 From the email, it is apparent that the Parent Company and the defendant
intended to execute assignment and novation agreements with each of its
customers, including the plaintiff, latest by 30 November 2012. From the
evidence, there were some customers of the Parent Company who executed their
assignment and novation agreements before 30 November 2012. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

DB-G-2259, Email from Ms S to the defendant dated 23 November 2012 at 11.31pm.

It was not explained why the plaintiff’s Assignment and Novation Agreement was
executed only on 25 January 2013. I am prepared to infer that the intention of
the Parent Company and the defendant was similarly to execute this agreement
by 30 November 2012. The plaintiff would have been aware of the Parent
Company’s and the defendant’s intention, as two of its officers were copied on
the email. In light of this, all parties must be taken to have understood the
14 December 2012 email as the notice required under cl 1, even if there were
reasons that prevented particular counterparties from executing the novation
agreement with the Parent Company and the defendant before 30 November 2012.

123 Accordingly, I find that the Parent Company did give notice of the
Effective Date to the plaintiff by the email of 14 December 2012.

124 I now deal with the issue of jurisdiction in relation to the three
specific categories of debts. The plaintiff disputes the defendant’s right to
commence arbitration against it in relation to all three categories of debt
claimed by the defendant. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 39.

125 I begin with an analysis of jurisdiction in respect of Debt B, ie Debt 1B
and Debt 2B. These are the invoices which the defendant assigned to the Factor
under the Participation Agreement and which were issued to the plaintiff with
the Caution endorsed upon them.

General points on Debt B

126 The plaintiff argues that: (a) the assignment of Debt B to the Factor
under the Participation Agreement carried with it to the Factor the right to
arbitrate disputes in relation to Debt B, depriving the defendant entirely of
that right; and (b) that that right was never assigned back to the defendant.

127 The defendant argues that the assignment of Debt B to the Factor did not
deprive the defendant entirely of the right to arbitrate disputes in relation
to Debt B. That right remained vested in the defendant, even if it was
concurrently also vested in the Factor. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Certified Transcript, 29 June 2018, page 29, lines 2 to 16; page 36, lines 28
to 32.

In the alternative, the defendant argues that the defendant later regained the
right to arbitrate disputes in relation to Debt B when the Factor assigned
Debt B back to the defendant under the Buy Back Agreement. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Certified Transcript, 29 June 2018, page 38, line 28 to page 39, line 3.

128 Two sub-issues therefore arise for consideration.

(a) First, did the defendant’s assignment of Debt B to the Factor deprive the
defendant entirely of the right to arbitrate disputes in relation to Debt B?

(b) Second, if it did, did the Factor later assign that right back to the
defendant under the Buy Back Agreement?

129 There is, in addition, a logically anterior sub-issue as to which law
applies to determine these two sub-issues. In the arbitration, the parties
agreed that the law applicable to any assignment would be Singapore, English
or Hong Kong law, and that regardless of which of the three laws applied the
requirements for a legal assignment were the same. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 45; Final award, paragraph 8.35.

The parties were also content to proceed on the basis that the law applicable
to the assignment of an arbitration agreement is the same as the law
applicable to the assignment of the main contract. As the parties did not
address me on this issue in the present application, I proceed on the basis
that the applicable law to determine the sub-issues in [128] is not
substantively different from Singapore law.

Did the defendant assign the right to arbitrate to the Factor?

130 The Participation Agreement obliged the defendant to offer to sell to the
Factor all invoices representing receivables due to the defendant from the
date of its commencement, 2 October 2013. If the Factor accepted the
defendant’s offer in respect of a particular invoice, cl 2.9.6 of the
Participation Agreement obliged the defendant to transfer to the Factor that
invoice and its “Associated Rights”:

2.9.6. Transfer of Ownership of [the defendant’s] Invoices [The defendant]
hereby:

(i) transfers to [the Factor] the ownership of all [the defendant’s] Invoices
and Associated Rights purchased by [the Factor] and such ownership shall be
complete and unencumbered by any lien or charge or other interest and it shall
vest in [the Factor] from the date of [the defendant’s] Invoice …

[emphasis in original]

131 “Associated Rights” means: 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

DB-E-679, Participation Agreement, cl 1.

… in relation to any [of the defendant’s] Invoice or Financed Products any of
the following (i) all [the defendant]’s rights by law as an unpaid vendor or
under the sale contract; … [emphasis added]

132 The plaintiff contends that an assignment of a particular invoice under
the Participation Agreement coupled with the Caution endorsed on the invoice
issued to the plaintiff effects a legal assignment of the debt represented by
that invoice to the Factor, effective under s 4(8) of the CLA. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 44 to 48.

The defendant, at least by the time of the hearing of this application, does
not dispute this. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Certified Transcript, 29 June 2018, page 30, lines 25 to 34.

133 The more difficult issue is where the right to arbitrate a dispute in
relation to a particular debt resides after the defendant assigns that debt to
the Factor. The plaintiff relies primarily on two English cases to advance its
proposition that an assignment of a contractual right divests the assignor
completely of any right to arbitrate a dispute in relation to that right.

134 In NBP Developments Ltd and anor v Buildko & Sons Ltd (1993) 66 BLR 120
(“NBP Developments”), the main contractor of a building development commenced
an arbitration against its employer. Midway through the arbitration, the main
contractor effected an absolute assignment of its rights against the employer
to a third party. The third party informed the employer that it intended to
pursue the arbitration, but took no further steps to join itself as a party to
the arbitration. After the arbitration had been inactive for three years, the
employer applied for a final injunction restraining the main contractor (who
was still the sole claimant named in the arbitration) from continuing with the
arbitration. The question which arose was whether the main contractor was
entitled to pursue the arbitration even after the absolute assignment. The
court held that the effect of the absolute assignment was that the main
contractor no longer retained any right to arbitrate. The assignee had
succeeded to the rights of the main contractor in the arbitration from the
date of the assignment (at 131).

135 The next case on which the plaintiff relies is Montedipe SpA v JTP-RO
Jugotanker (The Jordan Nicolov) [1990] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 11 (“The Jordan
Nicolov”). In that case, a charterer referred a claim against a ship owner to
arbitration. The ship owner put the charterer’s continued title to pursue the
claim in issue by adducing evidence that the charterer had, after commencing
the arbitration, assigned the claim to its insurer. The charterer failed to
adduce any evidence to prove that it continued to have title to the claim. The
tribunal upheld that the charterer’s claim on the merits of the dispute, but
declined to make an award to that effect because the charterer had failed to
discharge its burden of proving title to the claim. The charterer applied to
the English High Court for an order remitting the award so that the tribunal
could enter an award, based on its favourable findings of fact on the merits,
in favour of both the charterer and the insurer. Hobhouse J declined to remit
the award to allow the insurer to intervene. The tribunal’s award had to be in
in favour of either the charterer (the assignor) or the insurer (the assignee)
but could not be in favour of both. But the charterer had, by its failure to
adduce evidence of title, left the tribunal in a position where it could not
conclude which it should be. Hobhouse J stated (at 20):

… An award, or judgment, must correspond to a proved cause of action. It
cannot be right to give an award or judgment to a person who has no cause of
action against the respondent/defendant. … A joint award cannot be right since
on any view there is no joint right in the plaintiffs – only one or the other
can be entitled to an award. … [emphasis added]

136 The defendant disagrees that the cases cited stand for the proposition
advanced by the plaintiff. The defendant submits that The Jordan Nicolov did
not discuss the effect of an assignment on the assignor’s right to arbitrate.
102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Certified Transcripts, 29 June 2018, page 35, lines 13 to 18.

On the defendant’s case, while the effect of an assignment is to deprive an
assignor of a substantive right (such as the right to a debt) and to convey it
exclusively to the assignee, it does not follow that the assignment also
deprives the assignor of the right to arbitrate a dispute over that right and
passes it exclusively to the assignee. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Certified Transcripts, 29 June 2018, page 36, lines 1 to 32.

The defendant also bases this argument on its interpretation of the
separability presumption: that because the arbitration agreement exists as a
contract separate from the underlying contract into which it is integrated, an
original party to an arbitration agreement is deprived of the right to
arbitrate only if there is a clear expression of intent to achieve that
result. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Certified Transcripts, 2 July 2018, page 13, line 21 to page 14, line 16.

137 I reject the defendant’s submission. The right to arbitrate a dispute over
a contractual right which has been assigned cannot be vested simultaneously in
both the assignor and the assignee. The defendant cites no authority for this
submission. The nature of an assignment is that it “extinguishes the legal
cause of action of the assignor against the party liable so that the assignor
cannot thereafter himself ask for an award against the party liable” (The
Jordan Nicolov at 15). Hobhouse J was very clear that as between the assignor
and assignee, “only one or the other can be entitled to an award” [emphasis
added]. Although NBP Developments was concerned, strictly speaking, only with
the right of an assignor to continue an arbitration that was commenced before
the assignment, Fox-Andrews J also noted that the assignor “had no right to
sue in their own name”.

138 The more subtle aspect of this argument is that an assignor of an
arbitration agreement remains a party to the arbitration agreement and
therefore the ground under Art 34(2)(a)(i) is not satisfied. Although in Rals
(HC) (at [52]–[53]), I held that an assignee of rights under a contract does
not become a party to the contract (or to an arbitration agreement integrated
into that contract) in the contractual sense, the question under Art
34(2)(a)(i) of the Model Law is not only whether the parties have an
arbitration agreement between them but must include the question of whether
the defendant has standing to invoke the arbitration agreement in respect of a
particular substantive right. By assigning to the Factor the right to receive
payment under Debt B, the defendant also gave up the annexed right to
arbitrate a dispute in relation to Debt B.

139 As a final point, the defendant distinguishes the cases cited by the
plaintiff on the basis that the defendant assigned only one of its rights
under the Distributor Agreement to the Factor, ie the right to receive payment
under the purchased invoices. The defendant retained all of the other
substantive rights which it had under the Distributor Agreement, to which the
right to arbitrate under the integrated arbitration agreement still attached.
As such, the defendant argues, there is still an arbitration agreement in
existence between the parties. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Certified Transcripts, 29 June 2018, page 38, lines 21 to 27; 2 July 2018,
page 14, line 23 to page 15, line 2.

The defendant acknowledges that it would not have the right to commence an
arbitration in relation to Debt B, but contends that this is an issue
regarding the scope of the arbitration agreement to which both the plaintiff
and the defendant are parties rather than its existence. It is therefore not a
basis for setting aside the award under Art 34(2)(a)(i) of the Model Law.

140 There is some merit to this argument. The Distributor Agreement governs
the overarching business relationship between the plaintiff and the defendant.
As a result, it confers rights on the defendant which are wholly unrelated to
its right to payment under an invoice which it issues to the plaintiff within
that overarching business relationship. These unrelated rights include, among
others, a right to review the plaintiff’s records for compliance with the
Distributor Agreement (cl 4); a right to require protection of its
confidential information (cl 8); and a right to adjust prices or terminate the
Distributor Agreement for non-payment by the plaintiff (cl 13). It cannot have
been the parties’ intention that these rights should be assigned to the Factor
together with the invoices. Those rights are relevant only to the defendant as
against the plaintiff, in their capacity as supplier and distributor
respectively, within the framework of the Distributor Agreement.

141 The parties obviously continued to be parties to the arbitration agreement
in cl 25.9 of the Distributor Agreement in relation to these unrelated
substantive rights. The argument then that their arbitration agreement does
not include the right to arbitrate disputes in relation to Debt B is indeed a
question of scope. Unintuitive as this result may be, Singapore’s law of
arbitration has clearly taken the position that the ground for setting aside
under Art 34(2)(a)(i) of the Model Law deals with the existence of an
arbitration agreement while questions of scope are dealt with under Art
34(2)(a)(iii) (see PT First Media TBK (formerly known as PT Broadband
Multimedia TBK) v Astro Nusantara International BV [2014] 1 SLR 372 (“Astro”)
at [152]–[158]; Kingdom of Lesotho v Swissbourgh Diamond Mines (Pty) Ltd and
ors [2019] 3 SLR 12 at [81]).

142 The plaintiff does not base the present application on the tribunal’s
excess of jurisdiction under Art 34(2)(a)(iii). 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DB-B-391 to 393, Originating Summons filed on 28 October 2017, paragraphs 1.1
and 1.2.

For this reason alone, the defendant’s assignment of Debt B to the Factor
should not affect the existence of an arbitration agreement between the
defendant and the plaintiff within the meaning of Art 34(2)(a)(i). That is
sufficient, in itself, to defeat the plaintiff’s application to set aside the
award in relation to claims over Debt B on this ground. Nonetheless, I also go
on to consider whether the right to arbitrate a dispute over Debt B was re-
assigned to the defendant.

Was the right to arbitrate re-assigned to the defendant?

143 I have held that the defendant’s assignment of Debt B to the Factor
deprived the defendant of the right to arbitrate disputes in relation to Debt
B and vested that right exclusively in the Factor. That is not enough,
however, for the plaintiff to succeed on this limb of its case. It must also
establish that the defendant’s repurchase of Debt B from the Factor under the
Buy Back Agreement failed to transfer the right to arbitrate disputes in
relation to Debt B back to the defendant.

144 Under the Buy Back Agreement, the defendant paid to the Factor the total
sum of US$43.88m in April 2015 to repurchase unpaid debts due to the Factor
from a number of the defendant’s distributors. This total sum included a sum
of US$28.48m which the plaintiff had failed to pay to the Factor. These
amounts are expressly referred to in the recitals to the Buy Back Agreement:
107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DB-E-716 to 717, Buy Back Agreement, Recital (A) to (C) and cl 1.

Whereas:

A) [The Factor] and [the defendant] entered into the Participation Agreement
to establish the terms under which [the Factor] would purchase [invoices] from
[the defendant], …

B) As of April 13rd, 2015, the outstanding amounts owned by the Russian …
Remarketers were as follows:

a. [The plaintiff]: USD 28,477,365.85, all of which constitutes amounts due in
respect of the With Recourse Invoices;

…

C) Together, the above-referenced amounts collectively due … is USD
43,877,255.79 (such sum, the “With Recourse Obligations”);

…

[The Factor] and [the defendant] agree on the following:

1) Notwithstanding that the relevant Financing Agreements have not been
formally terminated and a Date of Determination established pursuant to
Section 2.10 of the Participation Agreement, [the defendant] acknowledges and
agrees that the total amount of the With Recourse obligations is as set forth
above, and agrees to pay to [the Factor] the amount of USD 43,877,255.79 in
immediately available funds on or before April 17, 2015.

[emphasis added]

145 The plaintiff does not dispute that the defendant paid the sum of
US$28.48m to the Factor. But the plaintiff argues that the effect of the Buy
Back Agreement was not to assign the unpaid debt back to the defendant. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 51.

In the alternative, even if the unpaid debt was assigned back to the
defendant, the plaintiff argues that this was at best an equitable assignment
and not a legal assignment. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 52 to 59.

An equitable assignee may not commence proceedings against an obligor without
joining the assignor, in this case the Factor. The defendant therefore had no
right to commence the arbitration and to obtain an award in its sole name in
relation to this debt. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 64.

(1) Effect of the Buy Back Agreement

146 The plaintiff’s first argument turns on the construction of the Buy Back
Agreement. It argues that, even after the defendant paid US$28.48m to the
Factor in April 2015 for the plaintiff’s unpaid debt, the plaintiff’s
obligation to pay that debt was still owed to the Factor and not to the
defendant. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 51.4.1 and 51.6.

147 The plaintiff points out that cl 1 of the Buy Back Agreement expressly
acknowledges that the “financing agreements” between the Factor and the
defendant’s distributors, such as the plaintiff, had not been formally
terminated. These financing agreements include the Gold Plan Agreement. That
agreement expressly obliged the plaintiff to settle those debts only by
payment to the Factor (see [26] above). That obligation therefore continued to
bind the plaintiff despite the Buy Back Agreement.

148 The plaintiff also relies on cl 3 of the Buy Back Agreement:

3) The parties agree that [the Factor] will continue to collect payments (if
any) from or on behalf of … [the plaintiff] … and that [the Factor] will remit
to [the defendant] any such monies received within 3 business days. [emphasis
added]

149 The plaintiff submits that, because the Buy Back Agreement expressly
preserved the plaintiff’s obligation to pay the unpaid debt to the Factor
under the Gold Plan Agreement, it could not have been intended to assign that
debt back to the defendant. The plaintiff’s case is that the defendant and the
Factor, by entering into the Buy Back Agreement, merely set up an arrangement
under which the defendant paid the plaintiff’s unpaid debt to the Factor in
advance, thereby relieving the Factor of the credit risk. In consideration of
that, the Factor undertook to continue to collect payments referable to that
debt directly from the plaintiff and to remit them to the defendant, as and
when collected. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, page 21, lines 5 to 15; page 25, line 13
to page 26, line 8.

150 It is true that, unlike earlier agreements concluded by the parties, the
Buy Back Agreement does not use the language of assignment or of a transfer of
rights. The defendant contends that there was no need for the Buy Back
Agreement to do so, because it must be read in light of cl 4.3.1 of the
Participation Agreement. That clause expressly obliged the defendant to
repurchase unpaid invoices from the Factor. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraphs 151 and 191.

151 The preamble to the Buy Back Agreement supports the defendant’s contention
about the relationship between the two agreements:

This agreement (“Agreement”) is executed between [the Factor] and [the
defendant] and amends for the purpose of this Agreement the existing
[Participation Agreement] … between [the Factor] and [the defendant] ….
Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the meanings set
forth in the Participation Agreement. [emphasis added]

152 Clause 4.3 of the Participation Agreement sets out the defendant’s
repurchase obligation. Crucially, it states that upon repurchase, the Factor
will transfer all rights to the unpaid debt and “all Associated Rights” back
to the defendant. The exact terms of cl 4.3 are important to the defendant’s
case, and I set them out here:

4.3.1 Repurchase Obligation [The defendant] agrees to purchase and [the
Factor] agrees to sell at the Repurchase Price all or any part of [an Invoice
of the defendant’s] not paid by the relevant Remarketer (a) immediately upon
demand by [the Factor] when the cause of non payment is due to a breach of any
of the [defendant’s] representations and warranties, (b) immediately upon
notice by [the Factor] if payment has not been received in full by [the
Factor] within 180 calendar days of the date of [the defendant’s] Invoice for
[an Invoice] which is under Dispute between [the defendant] and the
Remarketer.

...

4.3.3 Return of [the defendant’s] Rights Upon payment by [the defendant] to
[the Factor] of the Repurchase Price of all [the defendant’s] Invoices in
respect of which demand has been made under Section 4.3.1 then [the Factor]
shall transfer to [the defendant] all its rights to such … Invoices and all
Associated Rights which relate solely to such … Invoices. Payment of the
Repurchase Price by [the defendant] shall not affect any other right or remedy
of [the Factor].

153 The defendant argues that, when it paid the total sum of US$48.88m to the
Factor in April 2015, it repurchased from the Factor all of the unpaid debt
together with all of the Associated Rights attached to that debt. By operation
of cl 4.3.3 of the Participation Agreement, those rights, including the right
to arbitrate a dispute in relation to that debt, re-vested in the defendant.
114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraphs 191 and 192.

154 As for cl 3 of the Buy Back Agreement, the defendant submits that this
clause was included simply to set out an administrative process to deal with
distributors who might continue the previous practice of paying debts directly
to the Factor. If that occurred, cl 3 obliged the Factor to remit the payment
to the defendant within three business days. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

DB-A-202, Claimant’s Second Memorial dated 3 February 2017, paragraph 4.58.3;
Certified Transcript, 29 June 2018, page 25, lines 5 to 18.

155 At the outset, there is a complication with the defendant’s argument.
Clause 4.3.1 is not a general obligation for the defendant to repurchase
unpaid debt from the Factor. Instead, cl 4.3.1 on its face provides that the
defendant’s repurchase obligation arises only in the two specific situations
set out in the clause: (a) if the cause of non-payment is a breach of the
defendant’s representations and warranties; and (b) if the distributor
disputes the debt and fails to pay it within 180 days. There is no suggestion
by the defendant that it repurchased the debt under the Buy Back Agreement
because either situation (a) or (b) had arisen. To that extent, the repurchase
in this case was voluntary rather than obligatory.

156 I nevertheless accept the defendant’s submission and reject the
plaintiff’s on the effect of the Buy Back Agreement. The legal effect of the
Buy Back Agreement on the repurchased debt is a question of construing it as a
contract. It is well-accepted that our courts apply the contextual approach to
contractual construction (Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and
another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 at [72]). In applying the
contextual approach, extrinsic evidence of the circumstances leading to the
execution of the Buy Back Agreement is admissible if the evidence is relevant,
obvious and reasonably available to both parties (see Zurich Insurance
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3
SLR(R) 1029 at [125], [128]–[129]).

157 The evidence shows that by the end of 2014, the Factor was trying to
withdraw entirely from operations in Russia. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

DB-A-90, Witness statement of Mr G dated 24 August 2016, paragraph 5.1.

The defendant therefore had to terminate its factoring arrangement with the
Factor. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

DB-A-127, First witness statement of Ms B dated 24 August 2016, paragraph 6.3;
DB-A-90, Witness statement of Mr G dated 24 August 2016, paragraph 5.1.

A few days before entering into the Buy Back Agreement in April 2015, the
Factor emailed the defendant a draft of the Buy Back Agreement together with a
list of the invoices that made up the plaintiff’s unpaid debt of US$28.48m
referred to in Recital (B) of the Buy Back Agreement. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

DB-A-236, Second Witness Statement of Ms B, paragraph 2.3.

In this context and from the perspective of the defendant and the Factor, the
contractual purpose of the Buy Back Agreement was to give effect to the
Factor’s complete withdrawal from operations in Russia. Although the Buy Back
Agreement was entered into voluntarily rather than pursuant to an obligation
under cl 4.3.1 of the Participation Agreement, the Factor’s decision to
terminate its Russian business indicates to me an intention to sever entirely
any legal link between the Factor and the defendant’s distributors. That could
be achieved only by a repurchase of the debt in the true sense of the word, ie
a legal assignment of the debt under which the Factor drops out completely.

158 I therefore do not accept the plaintiff’s submission that the defendant’s
payment to the Factor under the Buy Back Agreement was simply to transfer the
credit risk associated with the unpaid debt from the Factor to the defendant,
while leaving the Factor the owner of the debt. This would not have made any
commercial sense when the Factor’s intention was to withdraw from Russian
operations entirely.

159 That cl 3 of the Buy Back Agreement states that the Factor “will continue
to collect payments (if any) from or on behalf of” the plaintiff is not, in my
view, inconsistent with a legal assignment of the debt back to the defendant.
The key word in cl 3 is “collect”. By its plain meaning, that word refers
simply to the physical act of collecting money. That is reinforced by the
words “if any” which follow. If the parties’ intention was that the Factor was
to collect payments to which it had a continuing legal entitlement, the words
“if any” would not appear there. Those words make clear that the purpose of cl
3 is to cater for a contingency: the contingency that the defendant’s
distributors would continue to make payment to the Factor. Clause 3 is not
inconsistent with the intention which I have found to convey ownership of the
unpaid debt back to the defendant. That conveyance must, of necessity, have
carried with it the associated right to commence arbitration in relation to
that debt.

160 Accordingly, on a contextual construction of the Buy Back Agreement and
taking into account the circumstances surrounding its execution, I find that
it did have the effect of assigning the unpaid debt and the associated right
to commence arbitration in respect of that debt back to the defendant.

(2) Form of assignment

161 The plaintiff argues that it was not given notice of the assignment, as
required for the assignment to be effective as a legal assignment by s 4(8) of
the CLA. The plaintiff’s case is that, in the absence of notice, the defendant
was merely an equitable assignee of the debts at best. And as an equitable
assignee, the defendant had no right to commence arbitration in relation to
the debt in its sole name, ie without the involvement of the Factor as its
assignor. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, page 22, line 11 to page 23, line 19.

162 I deal first with the contention that the assignment back to the defendant
was not a legal assignment because of the failure to give notice of
assignment. Section 4(8) of the CLA provides:

Any absolute assignment by writing under the hand of the assignor, not
purporting to be by way of charge only, of any debt or other legal chose in
action of which express notice in writing has been given to the debtor,
trustee or other person from whom the assignor would have been entitled to
receive or claim such debt or chose in action, shall be and be deemed to have
been effectual in law, subject to all equities which would have been entitled
to priority over the right of the assignee under the law as it existed before
23rd July 1909, to pass and transfer the legal right to such debt or chose in
action, from the date of such notice, and all legal and other remedies for the
same, and the power to give a good discharge for the same, without the
concurrence of the assignor. [emphasis added]

163 The tribunal found that the defendant did give notice of assignment, at
two points. It reasoned, at para 8.37 of the award:

It also seems plain that [the plaintiff] had notice of the repurchase, from …
communication between [the plaintiff] and [the defendant] in June 2015 …, and
subsequently as a result of the submissions made during this arbitration. If
there was any doubt on the part of [the plaintiff] about the assignment, it
has had the opportunity during the arbitration to contact [the Factor], to
make inquiries; but it has not done so.

164 The defendant relies on the same reasoning as the tribunal: notice of
assignment was given to the plaintiff first in communications in June 2015 and
second in the submissions in the arbitration. The defendant also relies on a
letter from the Factor to the plaintiff dated 5 May 2017. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraphs 195 and 197.

165 I turn first to the communications in June 2015. The communications which
the tribunal relied on are emails from the defendant to the plaintiff on 18
June 2015, urgently seeking the plaintiff’s signature on an Acknowledgement of
Debt Letter, needed for the defendant to obtain insurance. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DB-A-128, First witness statement of Ms B dated 24 August 2016, paragraphs 8.1
to 8.3.

The first email of 18 June is the more relevant, and I set out relevant
paragraphs of the email below:

As you know we are working closely with [an insurer] now on the insurance
claim for [the plaintiff]. According to the procedure we need to send a
package of documents to [the insurer] by end of this week which includes
Acknowledgement of Debt Letter which should be signed by [the plaintiff].

Please review and check the attached Acknowledgement of Debt Letter (1st
file), all invoices listed in the letter were taken from current AR balances
of [the plaintiff] (3 excel files attached). Please print this Acknowledgment
Letter, sign it by responsible person & stamp. …

[emphasis added]

166 There is a second email dated 18 June 2015 from the defendant to the
plaintiff, but it is less important for present purposes. It suffices to state
that the defendant was chasing the plaintiff to sign and return the
Acknowledgment of Debt Letter by the end of the day.

167 The attachments to the first email, on the other hand, are significant.
The first attachment, the Acknowledgement of Debt Letter, 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

AB-2319 to 2321, Acknowledgement of Debt Letter.

states that “[b]y signing this Letter, [the plaintiff] (“the Debtor”) formally
confirms to [the defendant] (“the Creditor”) that the Debtor owes the Creditor
the amount of 34,232,548.72 at the date of 15th Jun, 2015”. Directly below
these words, the letter sets out a table of all invoices, and their amounts,
that were outstanding from the plaintiff to the defendant as of 15 June 2015.
The invoices date from 6 September 2014 until 23 April 2015. Critically, the
invoices that the defendant claims to have repurchased from the Factor are
included in the table, and in fact form the vast majority of the invoices
listed in the table.

168 The plaintiff argues, however, that this is not sufficient to constitute
notice of assignment. It submits that the 18 June 2015 emails are flawed in
that they do not explain that the insurance claim arose because of an
assignment of the unpaid debt back to the defendant. The plaintiff relies on
the English Court of Appeal decision in Van Lynn Developments v Pelias
Construction Co Ltd (formerly Jason Construction Co Ltd) [1968] 1 QB 607 (“Van
Lynn Developments”). That decision interprets the statutory requirement for a
valid notice of assignment. On the strength of the case, the plaintiff submits
that the notice must “make it plain that there has in fact been an
assignment”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 53.1.

169 What s 4(8) of the CLA requires for a valid notice of assignment is not in
dispute. In the context of a debt, the language used to notify the debtor of
the assignment is immaterial if the meaning is plain, and the debtor is given
to understand that the debt has been made over by the creditor to a third
party: Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (trading as Rabobank
International), Singapore Branch v Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd [2010] 3 SLR
48 (“Cooperatieve”) 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Plaintiff’s bundle of authorities (“PBOA”), Tab 16.

(at [94]).

170 In Van Lynn Developments, 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

PBOA, Tab 40.

the court considered a letter which omitted to give the date of the assignment
and which wrongly stated that notice of assignment had already been given. The
court held that the letter was nevertheless a valid notice of assignment
within the meaning of the English equivalent of s 4(8) of the CLA. The passage
in that judgment on which the plaintiff relies must be seen in context (at
613):

… It is quite plain … that no formal requirements are required for a notice of
assignment. It is sufficient if it brings

“to the notice of the debtor with reasonable certainty the fact that the deed
does assign the debt due from the debtor so as to bind the debt in his hands
and prevent him from paying the debt to the original creditor.”

It seems to me to be unnecessary that it should give the date of the
assignment so long as it makes it plain that there has in fact been an
assignment so that the debtor knows to whom he has to pay the debt in future.

[emphasis added]

171 Far from providing support for the plaintiff’s position that a valid
notice of assignment must state explicitly that there has in fact been an
assignment, Van Lynn Developments is consistent with Cooperatieve in that it
reiterates that there are no strict requirements for the form of a notice of
assignment. What is important is not the point of legal form – that there has
been an assignment – but the point of commercial substance: that the debtor
must know to whom he must pay the debt in the future in order to get a good
discharge for the debt.

172 Finally, in Lanxess Pte Ltd v APP Chemicals International (Mau) Ltd [2009]
2 SLR(R) 769 (“Lanxess”) at [41], 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PBOA, Tab 27.

Andrew Ang J held that statements of account sent by an assignee to a debtor
setting out the assigned debts was valid notice of assignment under s 4(8) of
the CLA:

The defendant submitted that the statements of account issued between 15
January 2004 and 24 June 2004 did not constitute written notice since they
made no mention of the purported assignment but merely reflected a progressive
decrease in the quantum of the debt against payments received … This
submission cannot stand in the face of the language of each [sic] the
statement of account, which clearly asserted a right by the issuer to
repayment of the debt from the defendant or the actual buyer. Each statement
of account was an implicit record of the fact of assignment and plainly
indicated to the defendant that by virtue of the assignment the plaintiff was
entitled to receive the money. … [emphasis added]

173 The statement of principle in Lanxess is directly applicable in the
present case. It is immaterial that the email of 18 June 2015 and the
Acknowledgement of Debt Letter contain no reference to the fact that the
invoices listed in the letter have been assigned by the Factor back to the
defendant. The email and the letter are an implicit record of the fact of
assignment. It is sufficient for the letter to inform the plaintiff that the
debts, identified by invoice numbers, were now owed to the defendant and ought
to be paid to the defendant. There is no need for the notice to use the word
“assignment”. There is no magic in the word.

174 The plaintiff’s last point of objection is that its representatives did
not sign the Acknowledgement of Debt Letter. In an email to the defendant on
19 June 2015, the plaintiff replied that it needed to “compare all invoices
and amounts” and asked for further details “[b]efore signing a balance”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

AB-2327, Email from Mr N dated 19 June 2015 at 10.00pm.

175 This argument is misconceived. Notice of assignment is a unilateral act.
It does not require the debtor’s consent or acknowledgement to be valid. It
matters not that the notice is framed as a letter from the debtor to the
assignee. It need merely convey to the debtor the identity of the debtor’s new
creditor in respect of the debt in question. The defendant gave this notice to
the plaintiff on 18 June 2015. “If the debtor ignores such notice, he does so
at his peril”: Cooperatieve at [94].

176 In any event, the further details sought by the plaintiff on 19 June 2015
email pertained to compensation for previous year’s losses and other rebates.
The plaintiff raised no question about the ownership of the debt. I find that
the plaintiff had notice, at the latest by 18 June 2015 and by reason of the
email of that date and its attachment, that it was to make payment of this
debt to the defendant and not to the Factor. The plaintiff’s refusal to sign
the Acknowledgment of Debt Letter does not detract from this finding.

177 In light of my finding above, it is not necessary to consider whether the
submissions in the arbitration, or the Factor’s letter of 5 May 2017,
constitute valid notice of assignment. It is also not necessary to decide
whether the rule that an equitable assignee must join the assignor in a claim
is one that goes to the equitable assignee’s right to arbitrate, or is merely
a matter of procedure.

Points specific to Debt 1B

178 The plaintiff singles out invoices C3 to C6, which are part of Debt 1B,
for special treatment. The plaintiff advances two additional reasons for
arguing that the defendant had no cause of action in respect of these four
debts when it commenced arbitration on 1 October 2015. First, the plaintiff
contends that these debts had already been extinguished before October 2015.
128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 67.

Second, the plaintiff contends that the defendant bought these debts back from
the Factor only in December 2015, after it had commenced the arbitration. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 68 and 69.

179 The defendant argues at the outset that the question of whether these
debts had been extinguished goes to the merits and is irrelevant on the
question whether there was an arbitration agreement between the parties. The
tribunal had made a finding that these debts were still due. The plaintiff
cannot now challenge this finding. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

See the Summary Table of Arguments tendered by the defendant on 29 June 2018,
Item 4.

180 I disagree. A tribunal’s determination that it has jurisdiction in a
particular arbitration has no legal or evidential value before a court which
has to determine the same question: Astro at [163]. The court may have regard
to the reasoning and findings of the tribunal, if the court considers that
they are of assistance, but the court is neither bound nor restricted by them:
Dallah Real Estate and Tourism Holding Co v Ministry of Religious Affairs of
the Government of Pakistan [2011] 1 AC 763 at 813.

181 Insofar as the defendant’s right to commence arbitration in relation to a
particular debt is a subsidiary procedural right annexed to that debt, the
question of whether the debt has been extinguished is a question which goes
both to the merits and also to the fundamental question of whether the
defendant has the right to commence arbitration in relation to the debt. It is
apparent that the sole arbitrator appreciated this point as well. He therefore
addressed the question of whether these debts had already been paid in his
analysis of the plaintiff’s jurisdictional objections. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Final award, paragraphs 8.62 to 8.63.

182 The plaintiff’s argument on these four debts is that they have been
extinguished by certain credit notes issued by the defendant to the Factor.
Having considered the evidence, I reject that argument as being misconceived.

183 The facts relevant to this limb of the plaintiff’s case are set out in a
witness statement filed in the arbitration by the credit manager of the
defendant’s group of companies. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

DB-A-239, Second witness statement of Ms B dated 3 February 2017, paragraphs
3.6 to 3.11.

In December 2014 and January 2015, the defendant issued 12 credit notes to the
Factor, totalling US$2.18m. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

AB-5915, Exhibit C218, Email from the Factor to the plaintiff dated 23
December 2014 at 12.30pm; AB-5916, Exhibit C218, Email from the plaintiff to
the Factor dated 12 January 2015 at 4.07pm.

The defendant issued these credit notes only “to clear invoices that [the
Factor] was not able to load into the system”. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

DB-A-240, Second witness statement of Ms B dated 3 February 2017, paragraph
3.8.

The 12 invoices to be cleared were invoices which the defendant offered to the
Factor under the Participation Agreement but which the Factor declined to
purchase. These 12 invoices therefore continued to be due from the plaintiff
to the defendant directly. The credit notes were the defendant’s way of
cancelling or withdrawing the offer of these invoices to the Factor. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

DB-A-240, Second witness statement of Ms B dated 3 February 2017, paragraphs
3.8 and 3.11.

As the defendant explains, the credit notes “were not financed” 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

DB-A-240, Second witness statement of Ms B dated 3 February 2017, paragraph
3.8.

and were issued only for good accounting practice in the defendant’s
transactions with the Factor. However, the Factor mistakenly applied the
credit notes to reduce the debts which the plaintiff then owed to the Factor
under invoices C3 to C6. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

DB-A-240, Second witness statement of Ms B dated 3 February 2017, paragraph
3.6; AB-5914 to 5917.

184 The Factor’s mistake was rectified on 14 January 2015. On that day, the
defendant’s Senior Financial Operations Specialist informed the Factor that it
had applied the credit notes incorrectly and asked the Factor to use the
credit notes to cancel invoices C194 to C205. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

AB-5922 to 5924, Email from the defendant to the Factor dated 14 January 2015
at 5.01pm.

I pause here to note that the 12 cancelled invoices returned to the defendant
as part of Debt A. Their position will be discussed under Debt 1A. These are
debit notes C86 to C93, and C96 to C99.

185 On 18 May 2015, the defendant emailed the plaintiff to inform it of the
Factor’s mistake: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

AB-5928 to 5929, Email from the defendant to the plaintiff dated 18 May 2015
at 3.35pm.

After reconciliation of account we found out that credit notes issued for the
rebilled invoices were used twice:

1\. Used against original invoices (clear the original invoices) ([the
defendant’s] allocation)

2\. Used against aged invoices with [the Factor]

At the moment, [the defendant] is missing payment for the original invoices.
Please could you review below and can we discuss the next steps? Thank you

[emphasis added]

186 At this point, ie in May 2015, the defendant had not yet bought back
invoices C3 to C6 from the Factor. This explains why the defendant said at the
time that only the original invoices under Item 1 of the email were due to the
defendant.

187 I therefore find that invoices C3 to C6 were not extinguished by the
credit notes. The correspondence between the defendant and the Factor shows
that the Factor applied the credit notes to write off invoices C3 to C6 in
error. The plaintiff was informed of the error in May 2015. Ultimately, the
credit notes are a matter between the defendant and the Factor. The
defendant’s evidence is that the credit notes were not financed, and were
meant only for good accounting practice to effect a withdrawal of those
invoices from the offer to the Factor. These are all matters within the
defendant’s knowledge alone. In the absence of any evidence to the contrary
from the plaintiff, the defendant has discharged its burden of proof on this
factual issue on the balance of probabilities.

188 The plaintiff’s second contention is that the defendant repurchased
invoices C3 to C6 no earlier than December 2015. The cause of action on those
invoices therefore vested in the defendant only after the defendant commenced
the arbitration. The plaintiff argues that, like a writ which is issued before
a cause of action has accrued, the defendant’s notice of arbitration (at least
in respect of these four invoices) is a nullity. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 55 and 56.

To support this proposition, the plaintiff relies on the case of Internaut
Shipping GmbH and anor v Fercometal SARL (The “Elikon”) [2003] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
430 (“Internaut”). 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Plaintiff’s supplemental bundle of authorities (“PSBOA”), Tab 8.

189 Internaut is an unusual case and arose out of a dispute over a charter-
party. The disponent owner (Internaut) should have been named as the claimant
in the arbitration. By mistake, the registered owner (Sphinx) was named as the
claimant instead. The court accepted that, on the facts, a valid arbitration
had been commenced by the disponent owner, ie Internaut. But it noted that in
principle, the identity of the actual parties to an arbitration is a matter
going to jurisdiction, and that “the further conduct of the arbitration in the
name of a claimant who was never in truth a party to the charter-party or to
the arbitration agreement [is] a nullity” (at 448).

190 The plaintiff argues that the Factor is in a position analogous to that of
Internaut (the correct party to the arbitration) and the defendant is in a
position analogous to that of Sphinx (the wrong party). 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Certified Transcript, 2 July 2018, page 17, lines 6 to 15.

The plaintiff’s argument is misconceived. That case stands for the proposition
only that if the defendant is found not to have been the true owner of the
debts as at the time arbitration was commenced in October 2015, the
arbitration must be considered a nullity. But that submission puts the cart
before the horse. I must first determine whether the defendant had a valid
cause of action on invoices C3 to C6 in October 2015.

191 I accept the defendant’s submission that it was entitled to commence
arbitration in October 2015 even in respect of debts repurchased only later.
In The Jarguh Sawit [1997] 3 SLR(R) 829, the Court of Appeal drew a
distinction between the assignment of an accrued chose in action and the
assignment of other rights attached to property, such as the right to sue for
future infringement. The Court made clear that an assignee may amend its
pleadings to assert a cause of action that was already in existence when it
filed the writ, but which was assigned to the plaintiff only after it filed
the writ. As the Court noted, the vesting of such rights in the assignee has
retrospective effect (at [63]).

192 The Factor’s assignment back to the defendant of invoices C3 to C6 in
December 2015 was for debts which the plaintiff already owed, first to the
defendant and then to the Factor, before October 2015. The cause of action for
a failure to pay these debts had already accrued as at the date the
arbitration was commenced, ie October 2015. Applying The Jarguh Sarwit, the
plaintiff’s complaint about the lack of a valid cause of action is unfounded.

193 Accordingly, I dismiss the plaintiff’s jurisdictional objections in
respect of invoices C3 to C6.

Points specific to Debt 2B

194 The plaintiff’s next major challenge to the tribunal’s jurisdiction is
over Debt 2B, ie invoices which the Factor purchased from the defendant but
which were also part of the Open Debt arrangement with the Russian
Corporation. The plaintiff’s argument is simply that its obligation to pay
these debts was novated to the Russian Corporation pursuant to the Debt
Transfer Agreement, and that this was further reflected in the Open Debt
Agreement. Accordingly, the only party who can be pursued for non-payment of
these invoices is the Russian Corporation and not the plaintiff. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 71.

195 The tribunal held that the Debt Transfer Agreement did not effect a true
novation of the debts which it covered. Although this agreement transferred
the obligation to pay the Open Debt to the Russian Corporation, the tribunal
held that under cl 3 of the agreement, the plaintiff retained an obligation to
pay the Open Debt if the Russian Corporation failed to do so. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Final award, paragraph 8.56.

As US$7.07m of the Open Debt remained unpaid when the defendant commenced this
arbitration, the tribunal accepted that it had a basis on which to assert
jurisdiction over the plaintiff in respect of this debt. The plaintiff
disputes the tribunal’s finding on the issue.

196 The question is whether the Debt Transfer Agreement, on its proper
construction, effected a transfer to the Russian Corporation of the
plaintiff’s obligation to pay the Open Debt so as to relieve the plaintiff
entirely of that obligation. What complicates the question is that the Debt
Transfer Agreement is, on its face, internally inconsistent.

197 It is worth setting out the main provisions of the Debt Transfer
Agreement: 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

DB-E-703 to 704, Debt Transfer Agreement.

1\. [The plaintiff] hereby assigns, conveys, transfers and delivers all of its
obligations in and under the Agreement related to payment to [the defendant]
of the Open Debt to [the Russian Corporation] effective on a date December 10,
2014 (“Effective Date”).

2\. [The Russian Corporation] hereby accepts such assignment and agrees to
transfer to [the defendant’s] bank account the total amount of Open Debt
within 90 banking days starting from the Effective Date.

3\. [The defendant] hereby consents to the assignment and transfer of all such
obligations of [the plaintiff] in and under the Agreement to [the Russian
Corporation] and agrees that [the plaintiff] shall be released and discharged
from all duties and obligations in and under the Agreement related to payment
to [the defendant] of the Open Debt on the date when [the defendant] gets full
amount of the Open Debt to [the defendant’s] bank account as stipulated in
section 2 above.

4\. [The plaintiff], [the Russian Corporation] and [the defendant] hereby
agree that this Debt Transfer Agreement shall constitute a novation of the
rights, duties and obligations of [the plaintiff] in and under the Agreement
and accordingly, all such rights, duties and obligations of [the plaintiff]
shall be extinguished and of no force or effect on and after the Effective
Date. [The defendant] acknowledges and agrees that on and after the Effective
Date [the Russian Corporation] shall be [the plaintiff’s] successor in duties
and obligations related to payment to [the defendant] of the Open Debt in and
under the Agreement.

[emphasis added]

The “Agreement” referred to in these clauses is defined in the preamble as the
Distributor Agreement.

198 Clauses 3 and 4 are the provisions which give rise to the internal
inconsistency. Clause 4 expressly constitutes the Debt Transfer Agreement as a
novation. It goes on to state in absolute terms that all the rights, duties
and obligations of the plaintiff under the Distributor Agreement are
extinguished from 10 December 2014 with the Russian Corporation succeeding to
those rights, duties and obligations immediately. Clause 3, on the other hand,
is entirely inconsistent with the extinction of the plaintiff’s rights, duties
and obligations effected on its face by cl 4. It provides that the plaintiff
is released from its obligation to pay the Open Debt only if the Russian
Corporation pays the Open Debt in accordance with cl 2, ie within 90 banking
days of 10 December 2014. While the tribunal gave effect to cl 3, it did not
go further to express a view on how cll 3 and 4 may be reconciled.

199 The plaintiff argues that cl 3 is inconsistent not only with cl 4, but
also with cl 1. Clause 1 envisages the plaintiff transferring to the Russian
Corporation (and thereby being released from) its obligation to pay the Open
Debt with immediate effect on 10 December 2014. Clause 3 is inconsistent with
that intention insofar as it provides that the plaintiff is to be released
from that obligation only when the Russian Corporation pays the Open Debt,
which could be up to 90 days after 10 December 2014.

200 The plaintiff submits that cl 3 may be rejected because it comes after cl
1 and is wholly inconsistent with its effect, which is to effect an immediate
release of the plaintiff on 10 December 2014. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Certified Transcript, 28 June 2018, page 41, lines 3 to 6.

For this submission, the plaintiff relies on a principle of construction which
Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was) applied in AL Stainless Industries Pte Ltd v
Wei Sin Construction Pte Ltd [2001] SGHC 243 (“AL Stainless Industries”). 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

PBOA, Tab 10.

Woo JC cites Kim Lewison, The Interpretation of Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell,
2nd Ed, 1997) (“Lewison (2nd ed)”) at pp 245–246 (at [24]) as authority for
the following principle:

If a clause in a contract is followed by a later clause which destroys the
effect of the first clause, the later clause is to be rejected as repugnant
and the earlier clause prevails. If, however, the later clause can be read as
qualifying rather than destroying the effect of the earlier clause, then the
two are to be read together, and effect given to both. … Provisions are
inconsistent if they cannot sensibly be read together. [emphasis added]

201 The defendant submits, on the other hand, that it is cl 3 which captures
the essence of the parties’ intent in entering into the Open Debt Agreement.
It will be noted that cl 3 transfers to the Russian Corporation the
plaintiff’s obligation under the Distributor Agreement to pay the Open Debt.
That is the effect of the words “such obligations” in cl 3, which refers back
to cl 1 and the connection established there between the transferred
obligations and the Open Debt. The extinction of the plaintiff’s obligations
under the Distributor Agreement effected by cl 4, on the other hand, is
unqualified. Clause 4 provides on its face that all of the plaintiff’s
obligations under the Distributor Agreement will be extinguished, not just its
obligation to pay the Open Debt.

202 The defendant submits that this unqualified reading of cl 4 cannot have
been the parties’ intention. Even assuming that the obligation to pay the Open
Debt was transferred to the Russian Corporation immediately, thereby releasing
the plaintiff immediately from its obligation to pay the Open Debt, the
plaintiff owed other debts under the Distributor Agreement directly to the
defendant, ie Debt 1A. Clause 4 on its face would have the effect of releasing
the plaintiff from liability to pay those debts too. But it could not have
been the intent of the parties to use the Debt Transfer agreement to release
the plaintiff from even its obligation to pay Debt 1A.

203 The defendant submits, further, that it would be uncommercial for the
defendant to agree to release the plaintiff immediately from its obligation to
pay the Open Debt upon a third party’s mere promise to pay, as cll 1 and 4
appear to do, without retaining for itself some right of recourse against the
plaintiff if that payment did not take place. That intent, the defendant
submits, is captured in cl 3.

204 I begin by pointing out that the narrow principle of construction cited in
Lewison (2nd ed) (at [200] above) is expressly stated, in later editions of
the author’s work, to be secondary to the broader principle that a contract
must be construed as a coherent whole and every part of it given effect to
where possible (see Kim Lewison, The Interpretation of Contracts (Sweet &
Maxwell, 6th ed, 2016) (“Lewison (6th ed)”) at p 522). The court’s duty, when
faced with apparently inconsistent contractual terms, is to “do its best to
reconcile them if that can conscientiously and fairly be done” (Société
Générale, London Branch v Geys [2013] 1 All ER 1061 at [24]).

205 In other words, this principle of construction does not assist the
plaintiff unless the later clauses of the Debt Transfer Agreement “destroy the
effect” of the earlier clauses. In my view, applying the contextual approach
to the construction of contracts, cll 1 to 4 of the agreement can be read
together in a way consistent with the intentions of the parties.

206 The circumstances in which the parties entered into the Debt Transfer
Agreement are relevant. The defendant’s evidence in the arbitration is that
from September 2014, the plaintiff began facing severe cash flow issues. From
late September to October 2014, the plaintiff, the defendant, and the Factor
were in constant correspondence about the plaintiff’s unpaid debts. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

DB-A-116 to 126, First witness statement of Ms B dated 24 August 2016,
paragraphs 5.3 to 5.21.

According to the defendant, following this correspondence, the defendant was
able to locate a bank in Russia that was able to receive payment from the
plaintiff in rubles and pay it out in US dollars. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

DB-H-2403 to 2404, Certified Transcript of the arbitration, pages 30 to 32.

But the bank could receive the rubles only from a Russian company, not from a
Hong Kong company like the plaintiff. The plaintiff procured the Russian
Corporation’s involvement for that purpose. The bank also asked for
contractual documentation recording the arrangement involving the Russian
Corporation. It was in this context that the parties executed the Debt
Transfer Agreement. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

DB-H-2403 to 2404, Certified Transcript of the arbitration, page 31.

The plaintiff disputes this factual context, but has offered no competing
narrative of the circumstances in late 2014 leading up to the agreement. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 74.

I accept the defendant’s account.

207 Seen in this context, cl 1 is relatively uncontroversial. It provides that
the plaintiff transfers its obligation to pay the Open Debt to the Russian
Corporation effective 10 December 2014. Both parties accept that cl 1 means
what it says. The plaintiff accepts this because its case is that the parties
intended to transfer the obligation to pay the Open Debt entirely to the
Russian Corporation. The defendant accepts this because this confirmation was
necessary for the bank to accept rubles from the Russian Corporation and
convert them into US dollars.

208 Clause 2 is also uncontroversial. It simply provides that the Russian
Corporation, as the party now obliged to pay the Open Debt, must do so within
90 banking days of 10 December 2014.

209 The contentious cl 3 is next. The plaintiff’s submission is that the
provision in cl 3 that its obligation to pay the Open Debt is discharged only
when the defendant receives full payment from the Russian Corporation is
inconsistent with an intention to release the plaintiff from that obligation
with immediate effect. I do not agree.

210 The parties entered into the Open Debt Agreement very shortly after the
Debt Transfer Agreement. In the Open Debt Agreement, the parties agreed, among
other things: 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

DB-H-712 to 713, Open Debt Agreement, cl 7.

7) In case [the Russian Corporation] fails to pay the amount of Open Debt,
then [the plaintiff] agrees to pay [the Factor] immediately upon [the
Factor’s] instruction to [the plaintiff]. [emphasis added]

Clause 7 of the Open Debt Agreement preserves – even more clearly than cl 3 of
the Debt Transfer Agreement – the plaintiff’s obligation to pay the Open Debt
if the Russian Corporation fails to do so. The only difference between cl 7 of
the Open Debt Agreement and cl 3 of the Debt Transfer Agreement is that in the
former, the parties make clear that the Russian Corporation is to pay the
Factor, as a result of the Factor’s purchase of the Open Debt from the
defendant. The obligation of either the Russian Corporation or the plaintiff
to pay the Open Debt is otherwise the same. From this, it appears that the
parties did intend for cl 3 of the Debt Transfer Agreement to be an important
part of their commercial arrangement, which explains why it is mirrored in cl
7 of the later agreement.

211 How can cl 4 of the Debt Transfer Agreement be reconciled with cl 3? In my
view, it is possible to do so if cl 4 is read to mean that the plaintiff’s
obligation to pay the Open Debt is extinguished with immediate effect and
transferred to the Russian Corporation until the time stipulated for the
Russian Corporation to pay the Open Debt under cl 2 of the Debt Transfer
Agreement expires. The plaintiff’s obligation to pay the Open Debt would then
revive if the Russian Corporation fails to fulfil its obligation under cl 2. I
accept the defendant’s submission that cl 3 represents the essence of the
parties’ intention. In my view, the only sensible way to read cll 3 and 4
together is to read cl 3 as qualifying or modifying the effect of cl 4 in this
way, though not destroying it entirely.

212 The construction which I have put upon cl 4 is admittedly not one which it
bears on its face. Clause 4 provides, without qualification, that “all such
rights, duties and obligations” shall be extinguished “on and after” the
Effective Date of 10 December 2014. This provides on its face that the
obligation to pay the Open Debt ceases to exist on and after 10 December 2014,
with no possibility of revival 90 days thereafter. Although the incongruity in
wording is unfortunate, I do not consider this to be fatal to the
interpretation of cl 4 that I have adopted (at [211]). It is not unprecedented
for the court, upon a true construction of the contract in context, to read
down words that are unqualified on their face in order to uphold the parties’
commercial intent (see Lewison (6th ed) at pp 531–532).

213 The Debt Transfer Agreement on its proper construction was not intended to
extinguish permanently and for all purposes the plaintiff’s obligation to pay
the Open Debt. If the Russian Corporation failed to pay the Open Debt, as it
did in part, the plaintiff agreed that its obligation to pay the Open Debt
which remained outstanding at that time would revive.

214 The plaintiff is therefore the correct respondent in respect of Debt 2B.
The tribunal had jurisdiction over this portion of the defendant’s claim.

Debt 1A

215 I come now to the final category of debt: Debt 1A. This is the portion of
the defendant’s claim in the arbitration which the plaintiff was always
obliged to pay to the defendant directly. Debt 1A encompasses debit notes C86
to C93 and C96 to C106. None of these debit notes are endorsed with the
Caution.

216 The plaintiff raises a number of jurisdictional objections with respect to
Debt 1A.

217 First, in relation to all the debit notes comprised in Debt 1A, the
plaintiff argues these are not proper commercial invoices and were simply
debit notes “unilaterally raised” by the defendant to the plaintiff. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 83 to 84.

218 This argument is without merit. As explained above (at [184]), the
defendant issued credit notes to cancel invoices C194 to C205, which were
rejected for purchase by the Factor. In their place, the defendant raised
debit notes C86 to C93, and C96 to C106. This was made known to the plaintiff
in the email sent by the defendant on 18 May 2015. The body of the email
contained a table listing the invoice reference numbers of all of the
cancelled invoices. The invoice reference numbers were tracked to the debit
reference numbers of all debit notes raised in their place. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

AB-5928 to 5929, Email from the defendant to the plaintiff dated 18 May 2015
at 3.35pm.

Each of the debit notes also contains a “Reference Invoice No.” setting out
the reference number of the original invoice in respect of which the debit
note was issued. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

AB-4820 to 4834, and 4886 to 4911, Exhibits C86 to C93, and C96 to C106.

219 The plaintiff’s claim that the defendant is trying to impose a debt
unilaterally on the plaintiff by the use of these debit notes is therefore
wholly misconceived.

220 The plaintiff’s second contention is that any debt arising from debit
notes C86 to C93 and C106 was extinguished as of December 2014, as reflected
in the monthly statements issued by the Factor. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 85.

This claim is unsubstantiated by the evidence and I reject it. The monthly
statement for the month ending 31 December 2014 does not include any of the
original invoices corresponding to the above debit notes. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

AB-1833 to 1889, the Factor Monthly Statement of Account for Month Ending 31
December 2014.

The monthly statement for the month ending 31 November 2014, on the other
hand, does include the original invoices C194, C196, and C197, corresponding
to debit notes C86, C88, and C89. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

See DB-A-242 to 243, Second witness statement of Ms B dated 3 February 2017,
paragraph 4.4.1; AB-1821 to 1822, the Factor Monthly Statement of Account for
Month Ending 30 November 2014, pages 44 to 45.

Although these are listed by the Factor as no longer owing, with the reason
given as “Volume Removal”, the defendant has explained – and I accept – that
the Factor did so only to remove the invoices from its accounts because the
Factor declined to purchase these invoices. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

DB-A-242 to 243, Second witness statement of Ms B dated 3 February 2017,
paragraph 4.4.1.

I reject the plaintiff’s submission that the Factor’s monthly statements shows
the debt as having been paid.

221 Third, the plaintiff claims that debit notes C100 to C105 are debts owed
by another company and not the plaintiff. Debit notes C100 to C105 make
reference to certain credit notes marked C225 to C230, which are stated to be
sold to the other company. The defendant explains that these products were
originally ordered by the other company. But for various reasons, the goods
were not ultimately sold to that company. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

DB-A-244 to 246, Second witness statement of Ms B dated 3 February 2017,
paragraphs 4.12 to 4.15.

The defendant delivered these products to the plaintiff instead.

222 Importantly, in an email chain from 18 to 19 March 2015, the defendant
confirmed to the plaintiff that the plaintiff’s orders placed on 18 March 2015
had been processed and attached invoices relating to the orders. Among the
invoices were debit notes C100 to C105. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

AB-6096 to 6097, Email from the defendant to the plaintiff dated 18 March 2015
at 10.06pm.

The plaintiff then asked for an explanation of these invoices. The defendant
replied:

This is a shipment from the end of December that we haven’t physically shipped
yet.

So now we’re re-invoicing, and soon they will ship to your address.

[emphasis added]

223 It is clear from the email that the debit notes were for orders placed by
the plaintiff. I therefore accept the defendant’s explanation and reject the
plaintiff’s submission that it is not liable in respect of debit notes C100 to
C105.

Two final points on jurisdiction

224 The plaintiff raises two final points as to the existence and validity of
an arbitration agreement with the defendant. As these points do not arise from
the assignments or novations which I have already dealt with, I deal with both
points briefly here.

Separate and distinct contracts of sale

225 The first point which the plaintiff takes is that separate and distinct
contracts for sale arose every time the plaintiff ordered products from the
defendant and the defendant invoiced the plaintiff for those products. On that
basis, the plaintiff argues that the defendant’s claims on these invoices are
not governed by the terms of the Distributor Agreement even if the Distributor
Agreement continued to have contractual force after 24 December 2012. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 100 to 103.

At its heart, the plaintiff’s objection is that these individual contracts of
sale do not incorporate the arbitration agreement in cl 25.9 of the
Distributor Agreement.

226 As the plaintiff acknowledges, every invoice or debit note issued by the
defendant to the plaintiff upon an order being made contains a line which
states that the invoice or debit note is: 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 102; DB-A-229, Second witness
statement of Mr A dated 3 February 2017, paragraph 3.2.

issued as a result of [the defendant’s] CUSTOMER AGREEMENT or the equivalent
agreement between us …

227 The plaintiff submits that the phrase “Customer Agreement” in the invoices
does not refer to the Distributor Agreement. The plaintiff exhibits instead a
standard form agreement bearing the title “Customer Agreement” which it
contends the defendant used in 2013. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

AB-2521 to 2533, Customer Agreement – Offshore Hong Kong.

This Customer Agreement contains, at cl 5.7, a dispute resolution clause which
provides for the Hong Kong courts to have exclusive jurisdiction. In the
alternative, the plaintiff submits that the defendant’s online “Terms of Use”
govern the individual contracts of sale, even if the Customer Agreement does
not. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 105.

228 The defendant’s submission is that the Distributor Agreement is the
“Customer Agreement” or the “equivalent agreement” referred to in each
invoice. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

DB-A-229, Second witness statement of Mr A dated 3 February 2017, paragraphs
3.1 and 3.2.

229 I accept the defendant’s submission and reject the plaintiff’s submission.
The plaintiff’s submission implicitly accepts that each individual sale, as
reflected by the accompanying invoice, is not self-contained but must draw
from another source more granular terms relating to payment, risk and other
details. Its contention is simply that that source is not the Distributor
Agreement. I disagree.

230 Comparing the terms of the defendant’s standard form Customer Agreement
exhibited by the plaintiff with the terms of the Distributor Agreement, it is
apparent that they govern the same matters between the parties in respect of
payment, warranties, indemnification, assignment and the like. It would be
absurd if, having gone to the trouble of novating the Distributor Agreement to
the defendant, the parties then intended for another standard form contract –
containing matters already covered in the Distributor Agreement – to govern
the individual contracts of sale. Indeed, that the many contracts in this case
which effect the assignment or novation of specific debts refer repeatedly to
the Distributor Agreement as the source of those debts shows that there was no
doubt in the parties’ minds as to which was the source of the more granular
terms governing the invoices being transferred.

231 I accordingly reject the plaintiff’s argument that the individual
contracts of sale represented by the invoices do not incorporate the
Distributor Agreement.

Arbitration agreement conflicts with jurisdiction clause

232 Finally, the plaintiff contends that the arbitration agreement in cl 25.9
is unworkable because it conflicts with cl 25.8 of the Distributor Agreement.
167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 108.

The two clauses, so far as relevant, read as follows:

25.8 Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement shall be governed
by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Singapore, except for its
rules regarding conflict of laws. The jurisdiction and venue for any legal
action between the parties hereto arising out of or connected with this
Agreement, or the Services and Products furnished hereunder, shall be in a
court located in Singapore. …

25.9 Disputes. Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement
shall be finally settled by arbitration which shall be held in Singapore in
accordance with the Arbitration Rules of Singapore International Arbitration
Center (“SIAC Rules”) then in effect. …

233 The plaintiff submits that cll 25.8 and 25.9, read together, give rise to
an irreconcilable inconsistency. I disagree.

234 The starting point is that where the parties have evinced a clear
intention to submit their disputes to arbitration, the court should seek to
give effect to this intention as far as possible (see Insigma Technology v
Alstom Technology [2009] 3 SLR(R) 936 at [31]). Thus, even in cases involving
pathological or bare arbitration clauses, so long as the intent to arbitrate
is not in doubt, the court strives to give effect to that intention,
preferring an interpretation that renders the clause workable over one that
does not.

235 The intention of the parties to arbitrate may, arguably, be less clear
where the contract contains both an arbitration clause and a jurisdiction
clause. Even so, a line of first-instance decisions demonstrates that the
courts in common law jurisdictions have sought to construe the clauses in such
a way as to give effect to both, rather than to disregard entirely one or the
other.

236 In Paul Smith Ltd v H&S International Holding Inc [1991] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 127
(“Paul Smith”), 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Defendant’s supplementary bundle of authorities (“DSBOA”), Tab 30.

the contract provided that: (a) disputes would be determined by arbitration
under the Rules of Conciliation and Arbitration of the International Chamber
of Commerce (“ICC”); and (b) that the contract would be interpreted according
to English law, and “[t]he Courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction
over it to which jurisdiction the parties hereby submit”.

237 The plaintiff contended that the arbitration agreement was invalid by
reason of the inconsistency. Rejecting the argument, Steyn J (as he then was)
said that it is a “drastic and very unattractive result” to find “the total
failure of the agreed method of dispute resolution in an international
commercial contract” (at 129). Instead, Steyn J held that the governing law
and jurisdiction clause referred, not to disputes over the parties’
substantive rights and obligations, but to the arbitration itself, such that
the English courts had supervisory jurisdiction over the arbitration (at 130).
While acknowledging that this interpretation resulted in some infelicity of
language with the jurisdiction clause, Steyn J was of the view that the
incongruity is preferable to treating the arbitration clause as pro non
scripto, ie as if it had never been written.

238 The Paul Smith approach to the construction of jurisdiction and
arbitration clauses which appear in the same contract has been applied in
later cases. Distilling the approach more explicitly in Axa Re v Ace Global
Markets Ltd [2006] Lloyd’s Rep IR 683, Gloster J held that:

… the reference to English jurisdiction operates in parallel with the
arbitration provisions by fixing the supervisory court of the arbitration,
that is to say the curial law or the law governing the arbitration in relation
to matters arising in the course of the arbitration, and further fixes the
appropriate court for proceedings after arbitration. [emphasis added]

239 In PT Tri-MG Intra Asia Airlines v Norse Air Charter Limited [2009] SGHCR
13, 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

DSBOA, Tab 31.

which appears to be the only local case so far on this issue, the arbitration
agreement provided for disputes to be resolved by ICC arbitration. Another
clause in the same contract provided that the governing law of the contract
would be Singapore law, and that the parties agreed “for the exclusive benefit
of the others” that the Singapore courts would have jurisdiction over any
disputes arising from the contract. The assistant registrar, undertaking an
extensive review of the authorities in the field including those I have cited
above, applied the Paul Smith approach and gave effect to both clauses (at
[46]):

Upon a careful consideration on the suitability and applicability of the case
law reviewed thus far, I am inclined to apply the technique of construction in
Paul Smith … locally and find that the cll 15 [the arbitration agreement] and
22.2 [the jurisdiction agreement] can be reconciled by reading cl 22.2 as a
submission to the Singapore court’s supervisory jurisdiction over the
arbitration.

240 To summarise the approach taken, Robert Merkin QC, in his treatise
Arbitration Law (Informa, Service Issue No 82, 2019) (at para 5.13) notes:

… the courts will, where possible, give effect to both clauses so far as
possible rather than to say that one overrides the other. Applied to the
present context, the approach adopted by the courts is to say that giving
effect to the arbitration clause does not deprive the jurisdiction clause of
all meaning, in that it remains applicable to enforcement of any award,
whereas giving effect to the jurisdiction clause would negative the
arbitration clause. The outcome, therefore, is that the courts will generally
give priority to the obligation to arbitrate.

241 I adopt the reasoning and the approach in these cases. If the parties have
included both an arbitration agreement in cl 25.9 and a jurisdiction clause in
cl 25.8, and in the absence of any allegation that either clause is vitiated
in some way, I must proceed on the basis that the parties intended for both
clauses to have some contractual effect.

242 As the authorities acknowledge, the Paul Smith approach to construing
arbitration and jurisdiction clauses together is not perfect. In particular,
in this case, the parties agreed in cl 25.8 that “[t]he jurisdiction and venue
for any legal action … arising out of or connected with this Agreement, or the
Services and Products furnished hereunder” shall be the Singapore courts. On
the face of it, this clause envisages that substantive disputes surrounding
the Distributor Agreement, and not only matters of curial review of an
arbitration under cl 25.9, will be determined by the Singapore courts.

243 Nonetheless, a dispute over the parties’ substantive rights and
obligations arising out of or connected with the Distributor Agreement cannot
obviously be the subject of both litigation and arbitration. The only
practical – thought not entirely satisfactory – solution is to adopt the Paul
Smith approach and hold that the parties intended to resolve substantive
disputes in arbitration under cl 25.9 and to resolve disputes arising out of
any such arbitration in the Singapore courts in the exercise of their
supervisory jurisdiction under cl 25.8.

244 This approach is consistent with the underlying trend in Singapore
arbitration jurisprudence that a clear intent to arbitrate disputes manifested
in an international commercial contract should, as far as possible, be upheld.

245 Accordingly, I dismiss these final two points which the plaintiff has
raised on jurisdiction.

Alternative ground: composition of the tribunal

246 The plaintiff also seeks to set aside the award under Art 34(2)(a)(iv) of
the Model Law, on the basis that the composition of the tribunal was not in
accordance with the parties’ agreement.

247 The crux of the plaintiff’s argument is that the appointment of a sole
arbitrator is inconsistent with the parties’ agreement in cl 25.9 of the
Distributor Agreement to have disputes determined by a three-member tribunal.
170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraphs 122 and 123.

The plaintiff submits that having the parties’ dispute determined by a sole
arbitrator nominated by only one of the parties conflicts with the implicit
understanding between the parties that there must be procedural equality and
impartiality in the composition of the tribunal.

248 As the circumstances in which the SIAC constituted the tribunal are
relevant to the plaintiff’s attempt to set aside the award on this ground, I
now summarise those circumstances.

Circumstances in which the tribunal was constituted

249 As I have mentioned, the defendant lodged its notice of arbitration with
the SIAC in 1 October 2015. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

DB-A-1 to 32, Notice of Arbitration filed on 1 October 2015.

On 12 October 2015, the SIAC invited each party to exercise its right to
nominate an arbitrator in accordance with cl 25.9 of the Distributor
Agreement. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

AB-3477 to 3490, Letter from the SIAC to the plaintiff and defendant dated 12
October 2015, paragraph 10.

In the same letter, the SIAC reminded both parties that their arbitration
agreement provided expressly that the consequence of a party’s failure to
nominate an arbitrator would be that the arbitrator nominated by the other
party would be the sole arbitrator: 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

AB-3477 to 3490, Letter from the SIAC to the plaintiff and defendant dated 12
October 2015, paragraph 11.

We note from the above arbitration clause that “[i]f one of the parties
refuses or otherwise fails to appoint an arbitrator within thirty (30) days of
the date the other party appoints its arbitrator, the first appointed
arbitrator shall be the sole arbitrator”. [emphasis in original]

250 On 15 October 2015, the plaintiff raised its first plea objecting to
jurisdiction under Rules 25.1 and 25.3 of the SIAC Rules (5th Ed, 2013). 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

AB-3493 to 3494, Plea dated 15 October 2015.

On the next day, the plaintiff lodged a response to the notice of arbitration
asking the SIAC to reject the defendant’s claim on the basis of “improper
jurisdiction”. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

AB-3523 to 3562, Response to the Notice of Arbitration dated 16 October 2015,
p 2.

251 On 21 October 2015, by a letter to the SIAC copied to the plaintiff’s
lawyers, the defendant nominated its arbitrator. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

AB-3565 to 3566, Letter from the defendant to the SIAC dated 21 October 2015,
paragraph 3.

That letter triggered the thirty-day period stipulated in cl 25.9 for the
plaintiff to nominate its arbitrator. The period expired on 20 November 2015
without the plaintiff nominating its arbitrator. Indeed, the plaintiff did
nothing until almost three weeks after the period expired, on 9 December 2015.
On that day, the plaintiff sent an email to the SIAC repeating its objection
to the SIAC’s jurisdiction and rejecting the SIAC’s request that the plaintiff
nominate an arbitrator. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

DB-G-2079 to 2080, Email from the plaintiff to the SIAC dated 9 December 2015
at 11.21pm, paragraph 4.

252 On 12 January 2016, the SIAC wrote to the parties informing them that the
Registrar of the Court of Arbitration of the SIAC had decided, pursuant to
Rule 25.1 of the SIAC Rules, that the SIAC Court would not determine the
plaintiff’s jurisdictional objection raised both in its objection to
jurisdiction and in its response to the notice of arbitration. The SIAC said
that it would instead constitute the tribunal and leave it to the tribunal to
determine the jurisdictional objection. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Final award, paragraph 5.4; DB-G-2081 to 2084, Email from the SIAC to the
parties dated 12 January 2016 at 3.36pm, paragraphs 3 and 4.

253 On 29 January 2016, the SIAC informed both parties that it would now
ascertain whether the defendant’s nominee would accept appointment as a sole
arbitrator. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

DB-G-2085 to 2086, Email from the SIAC to the parties dated 29 January 2016 at
7.37pm, paragraph 5.

On 22 March 2016, the SIAC informed both the plaintiff and defendant that the
defendant’s nominee was able and willing to act as the sole arbitrator in the
matter. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

DB-G-2094 to 2095, Letter from the SIAC to the parties dated 22 March 2016,
paragraph 2.

But the SIAC also informed the parties that the nominee, a senior litigation
solicitor practising in an international law firm, had made general disclosure
of a connection between his firm and the Factor:

4\. [The nominee] has also made the following disclosure pursuant to paragraph
2 of the Code of Ethics:

[My firm] currently works for several … entities [related to the Factor] (not
for the [Factor] itself, but I believe that is affiliated to the … entities
that [my firm] works for). I am not involved in that work myself.

(“General Disclosure”)

5\. In light of the above, we would be grateful to receive the Parties’
comments on [the arbitrator’s] … General Disclosure as soon as possible and
latest by 28 March 2016.

254 In response, the plaintiff emailed the SIAC Court on 28 March 2016 and 30
March 2016 raising an informal challenge to the defendant’s nominee on the
basis that his “indirect affiliation to the interests of the Claimant” created
a possibility of a lack of independence. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

DB-G-2098 to 2099, Email from the plaintiff to the SIAC dated 28 March 2016 at
9.58pm; DB-G-2102, Email from the plaintiff to the SIAC dated 30 March 2016 at
3.45pm.

The SIAC did not respond directly to this informal challenge.

255 On 22 April 2016, the SIAC constituted the tribunal. The SIAC wrote to
both parties on that day informing them that the tribunal had been constituted
with the defendant’s nominee as the sole arbitrator. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

DB-G-2105, Letter from the SIAC to the parties dated 22 April 2016.

The letter does not address the plaintiff’s challenge to the defendant’s
nominee’s appointment on grounds of a possible lack of independence.

256 On 27 April 2016, the plaintiff made a formal “global objection” to the
SIAC’s jurisdiction. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

DB-G-2112 to 2113, Email from the plaintiff to the SIAC and the defendant
dated 27 April 2016 at 6.07pm.

On 28 April 2016, the tribunal wrote to the parties on various procedural
matters, including arrangements for a preliminary meeting. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

DB-G-2121 to 2126, Letter from the sole arbitrator to the parties dated 28
April 2016.

The plaintiff replied on the same day, stating that it was “not ready to
participate in any legal proceedings”. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

DB-G-2130, Email from the plaintiff to the sole arbitrator dated 28 April 2016
at 11.14pm.

On 29 April 2016, the tribunal invited the plaintiff to reconsider attending
the preliminary meeting. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

DB-G-2127, Email from the sole arbitrator to the plaintiff dated 29 April 2016
at 9.05pm.

The plaintiff reiterated its refusal to attend.

257 On 24 August 2016, the defendant served its first claimant’s memorial. In
it, the defendant rejected the plaintiff’s objection to jurisdiction. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

DB-A-33 to 79, Claimant’s First Memorial dated 24 August 2016, paragraph 35.

258 By 22 September 2016, the SIAC had not responded to the plaintiff’s
informal challenge of March 2016 on grounds of lack of independence or its
formal challenge of April 2016 on grounds of lack of jurisdiction. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 117.1; DB-G-2186 to 2191, Letter
from the plaintiff to the President of the SIAC dated 22 September 2016.

On 22 September 2016, the plaintiff reiterated both its earlier challenges and
took the position that “the intent of the agreed nomination procedure is not
being followed in this arbitration.” The plaintiff asked that the SIAC to “put
a stop to the current arbitration and … let the plaintiff nominate and appoint
a co-arbitrator” [emphasis added].

259 In the same letter, the plaintiff sets out four legal bases for its
request. First, Article 11(5) of the Model Law obliges the SIAC to “have due
regard to … such considerations as are likely to secure an independent and
impartial arbitrator”. Second, Article 18 of the Model Law requires that
“parties shall be treated with equality”. Third, the plaintiff pointed out to
the SIAC that it should allow the plaintiff to nominate its arbitrator out of
time because the 30-day period for one party to exercise its right to appoint
an arbitrator under cl 25.9 is not of the essence. For this proposition, the
plaintiff relied on five cases decided by the US federal courts. Finally, the
plaintiff made the point that the appointment of a sole arbitrator was
inconsistent with the parties’ intention manifested in their arbitration
agreement to have their disputes heard by a three-member tribunal. The
plaintiff’s position was that the SIAC should have the plaintiff’s challenges
determined by a three-member tribunal and that it would participate in the
arbitration to vindicate its challenges as a preliminary point. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

DB-G-2186 to 2191, Letter from the plaintiff to the President of the SIAC
dated 22 September 2016, paragraphs 11 and 16.

260 In its written submissions, the plaintiff claims that it nominated its
arbitrator – one Mr C, an advocate and solicitor of the Singapore bar – on 23
September 2016. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 117.1.

However, there appears to be no evidence of this save for a general statement
in the plaintiff’s letter of 22 September 2016 asking for its “arbitrator
candidate to be nominated”, without specifying a name. The plaintiff has not
provided any further evidence of such nomination, nor was Mr C’s name
mentioned in any correspondence from the plaintiff to either the defendant or
the SIAC which is in evidence in this application.

261 On 27 September 2016, the plaintiff wrote to the SIAC copying both the
defendant and its lawyers stating that:

2\. We wish to clarify that we made the challenge to the arbitrator in our
email of 28.3.2016, as followed up on 27.4.2016. We also mentioned this at
paragraphs 14 and 16 of our letter of 22.9.2016. We take it that Articles 11.1
and 12.1 of the SIAC 2013 Rules as well as Articles 11 and 18 of the UNCITRAL
Model Law are all applicable to our challenge.

3\. Once again, we repeat respectfully that SIAC has not yet ruled on either
the Respondent’s objection made long ago on 28.3.2016 and 27.4.2016 or on the
other points made in our letter of 22.9.2016. However, the Arbitrator has said
(on 26.9.2016) that he intends to continue with the arbitration. If the
Respondent’s objections are valid and correct, we are concerned that
proceeding with the arbitration may only make any mistake or error worse and
increase the prejudice to us.

262 On 27 September 2016, the SIAC responded to the plaintiff’s letter, noting
that the plaintiff was “making a Notice of Challenge pursuant to Rule 12.1 of
the SIAC Rules, 2013”. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

AB-2474, Email from the SIAC to the parties dated 27 September 2016 at 5.38pm.

263 On 14 November 2016, the plaintiff filed its first respondent’s memorial
in the arbitration. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

DB-A-130 to 172, Respondent’s First Memorial dated 14 November 2016.

264 On 19 December 2016, the SIAC wrote to the parties acknowledging that the
plaintiff had lodged a notice of challenge to the arbitrator under Rule 12.1
of the SIAC Rules. The letter goes on to state that the SIAC had decided not
to suspend the arbitration. Instead, the SIAC called on the parties and the
tribunal to provide their comments on the jurisdictional challenge so that the
Court of the SIAC could proceed to determine it. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

DB-G-2227 to 2229, Letter from the SIAC to the parties dated 19 December 2016,
paragraphs 3 and 6.

265 On 3 February 2017, the defendant filed its second respondent’s memorial
in the arbitration. The plaintiff filed its rejoinder to this memorial on 27
February 2017.

266 On 4 May 2017, the SIAC dismissed the plaintiff’s challenge to the
tribunal. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

AB-3647 to 3649, Decision on Challenge to Sole Arbitrator, paragraph 4.

The decision states that the Registrar of the SIAC had considered, among other
things, the issues raised by the parties in the chain of correspondence from
28 March 2016 to 10 January 2017.

267 The plaintiff wrote to the SIAC on 5 May 2017, objecting to the SIAC’s
decision to dismiss its challenge. It also claimed that its right to a fair
hearing had been prejudiced by various procedural decisions made by the
tribunal. It then stated that it would not participate any further in the
arbitration. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

DB-G-2231 to 2242, Letter from the plaintiff to the SIAC dated 5 May 2017,
paragraph 52.

The plaintiff did not participate in the arbitration in any way thereafter.

268 The evidential hearing before the tribunal took place in Singapore on 16
May 2017 and 17 May 2017, in the plaintiff’s absence. The tribunal issued its
award on 28 July 2017.

The parties’ arguments

269 The plaintiff accepts that it did not nominate an arbitrator in accordance
with cl 25.9 of the Distributor Agreement. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 114.

But it argues that it ought to have been allowed to nominate an arbitrator out
of time because the right to appoint an arbitrator is a fundamental right
which, in this arbitration, only the defendant has enjoyed. As a result, the
defendant has had its dispute with the plaintiff determined by a tribunal
comprised only of its own nominee.

270 The defendant submits in response that the tribunal was constituted
entirely in compliance with the parties’ arbitration agreement. In cl 25.9,
the parties agreed expressly on the procedure to be followed to constitute a
tribunal if one party refused or failed to nominate an arbitrator. That
procedure was followed precisely. The award cannot be set aside on an alleged
defect in the tribunal’s constitution when the tribunal was constituted
precisely in accordance with the parties’ agreed default procedure and when
recourse to that default procedure was necessitated by the plaintiff’s own
refusal or failure to nominate an arbitrator. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraphs 356 to 357.

In the alternative, even if it is found that the tribunal was indeed not
constituted in accordance with the parties’ agreement, the court should not
set aside the award because the applicant has not suffered any prejudice. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Defendant’s written submissions, paragraph 360.

Tribunal was constituted in accordance with cl 25.9

271 I begin by considering again the words of cl 25.9. That reveals instantly
an express procedure for constituting the tribunal and, in particular, for
constituting the tribunal if one party refuses or fails to nominate an
arbitrator:

… The number of arbitrators shall be three, with each side to the dispute
entitled to appoint one arbitrator. The two arbitrators appointed by the
parties shall appoint a third arbitrator who shall act as chairman of the
proceedings. Vacancies in the post of chairman shall be filled by the
president of the SIAC. Other vacancies shall be filled by the respective
nominating party. Proceedings shall continue from the stage at the time of
vacancy. If one of the parties refuses or otherwise fails to appoint an
arbitrator within thirty (30) days of the date the other party appoints its
arbitrator, the first appointed arbitrator shall be the sole arbitrator. …
[emphasis added]

272 The plaintiff’s argument fails on the very face of the parties’
arbitration agreement. The parties agreed expressly that if one party fails to
nominate an arbitrator within the stipulated thirty-day time limit, the first-
appointed arbitrator shall be the sole arbitrator. This is exactly how the
tribunal in this arbitration was constituted. The defendant nominated its
arbitrator on 21 October 2015. The plaintiff did not nominate an arbitrator
within the stipulated thirty-day period, ie by 20 November 2015. The SIAC
constituted the tribunal comprised solely of the defendant’s nominated
arbitrator on 22 April 2016.

273 The plaintiff has cited decisions of the US federal courts which have
upheld the right of a party to have its nominee on an arbitral tribunal
despite that party’s failure to nominate an arbitrator within the period
stipulated in the parties’ arbitration agreement. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions, paragraph 114.

I do not need to deal with those cases in detail.

274 In Re Utility Oil Corporation 10 F Supp 678 (SDNY, 1934), 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

PBOA, Tab 23.

the parties’ arbitration agreement provided for the tribunal to comprise three
arbitrators. But it also provided that “[s]hould one of the parties neglect or
refuse to appoint an Arbitrator within twenty-one days after receipt of
request from the other party, the single Arbitrator appointed shall have the
right to decide alone”. The respondent did not nominate an arbitrator within
the stipulated three-week period. The claimant applied to the federal court
under s 4 of the Arbitration Act 9 USC (US) (1925) (“USAA”) to compel the
respondent to submit to arbitration by a tribunal constituted only by the
claimant’s nominee. The court held that in the absence of unreasonable refusal
by the respondent to appoint an arbitrator, the parties’ agreement for a
three-member tribunal should continue to bind the parties.

275 The plaintiff relies on Utility Oil Corporation to argue that the parties’
express provision in their arbitration agreement for a three-member tribunal
should be upheld in this case because the plaintiff did not refuse
unreasonably to appoint an arbitrator but was delayed by the SIAC’s own
failure to acknowledge the plaintiff’s informal challenge to the defendant’s
nominee’s appointment on grounds of a potential conflict of interest.

276 I reject the plaintiff’s submission. The decision in Re Utility Oil
Corporation, and the line of US cases which follow it is of no relevance to an
application to set aside an award under Article 34 of the Model Law. These US
cases concerned an application for an order to compel a respondent to
arbitrate a dispute under s 4 of the USAA. That is, in effect, an application
for relief in the nature of specific performance of the arbitration agreement.
The courts considering those applications were therefore required under the
rules of equity to try and reach a “fair and equitable interpretation” of the
agreement (Re Utility Oil Corporation at 680–681).

277 An application to set aside an award under any of the grounds set out in
Art 34 of the Model Law is of a wholly different nature to an application
under s 4 of the USAA. An applicant who seeks relief under Article 34 is not
asking the court to grant relief in the nature of specific performance of the
arbitration agreement. If the criteria underlying one of the grounds for
setting aside an award which are set out in Article 34 are established, the
application succeeds. Otherwise, the application fails. Whatever may be the
position of a court hearing an application under s 4 of the USAA, there is no
scope for a court hearing an application under Article 34 of the Model Law to
try and reach a “fair and equitable interpretation” of the parties’
arbitration agreement.

278 There is also no principle of general application which justifies
construing an arbitration agreement in “a fair and equitable” manner in order
to determine whether a ground for setting aside an arbitration award under
Article 34 has been established. An arbitration agreement is to be construed
like any other contract: by applying a contextual interpretation to the words
chosen by the parties to ascertain objectively what the parties intended.

279 Further, in Triulzi Cesare SRL v Xinyi Group (Glass) Co Ltd [2015] 1 SLR
114 (“Triulzi Cesare”), Belinda Ang J held that a departure from the parties’
agreed procedure is not a ground for setting aside an award if the departure
was the result of the applicant’s own conduct, failures or strategic choices
(at [51]):

On the other hand, Art 34(2)(a)(iv) of the Model Law is not engaged if the
non-observance of either an agreed procedure (Art 19(1)) or the minimum
procedural requirements of Art 18 is not due to circumstances attributable to
the arbitral tribunal but is derived from the applicant’s own doing. A helpful
commentary that stresses the same point is made in respect of the purpose of
Art 18 in the UNCITRAL 2012 Digest of Case Law on the Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration (United Nations, 2012) (“the 2012
Digest”) at p 98, para 7:

… The purpose of article 18 is to protect a party from egregious and
injudicious conduct by an arbitral tribunal, and it is not intended to protect
a party from its own failures or strategic choices.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

280 The plaintiff’s formal challenge to jurisdiction of the tribunal and its
informal challenge to the defendant’s nominee on grounds of a lack of
independence are not valid contractual reasons for its failure to exercise its
right to nominate an arbitrator within the thirty-day period stipulated in cl
25.9. This is a case in which the plaintiff was well aware of the thirty-day
period and of the consequences of refusing or failing to nominate an
arbitrator within that period. At the very latest, the plaintiff became aware
of this when it received the SIAC’s letter of 12 October 2015. This is also a
case where the plaintiff refused or failed to nominate an arbitrator as a
deliberate strategic choice. The plaintiff declined to nominate an arbitrator
by its email of 9 December 2015. That was its only correspondence after the
plaintiff nominated its arbitrator. The plaintiff’s main complaints from
October 2015 until September 2016 were about the tribunal’s lack of
jurisdiction and the defendant’s nominee’s apparent lack of independence from
the defendant (at [251]–[258] above), not about being allowed to appoint an
arbitrator out of time. The first time it asked to be allowed to nominate an
arbitrator out of time was 22 September 2016. This was a good ten months after
the deadline for the plaintiff to nominate an arbitrator had expired on 20
November 2015.

281 Having made a strategic choice not to exercise its right to nominate an
arbitrator and having made a strategic choice to abstain from the
contractually-stipulated appointment process, the plaintiff cannot now turn
around and say that the SIAC or the tribunal should nevertheless have
constituted a three-member tribunal. The tribunal was constituted precisely in
accordance with the parties’ agreement set out in cl 25.9 of the Distributor
Agreement. It was constituted in this way because of the plaintiff’s own
deliberate strategic choices.

282 In the circumstances, the provision in cl 25.9 on the consequences of one
party’s failure to appoint an arbitrator within the thirty-day period must
have effect in accordance with its plain meaning. The composition of the
tribunal does not depart from the procedure agreed to by the parties. The
plaintiff’s attempt to set aside the award under Art 34(2)(a)(iv) fails.

283 I will add, as a final point, that the defendant argued that even if there
was any breach of the parties’ agreement on the composition of the tribunal,
the court should exercise its discretion not to set aside the award because
there was no prejudice, citing AQZ v ARA ([101] supra). I have some
reservations about whether such discretion is as wide as the defendant
submits. In Triulzi Cesare, Ang J engaged in a comprehensive survey of the
authorities surrounding the court’s discretion to set aside an award, and
concluded (at [64]):

Understood in the context of a general discretion, my view is that prejudice
is a factor or element relevant to, rather than a legal requirement for the
application of Art 34(2)(a)(iv) of the Model Law. In other words, prejudice is
merely a relevant factor that the supervising court considers in deciding
whether the breach in question is serious and, thus, whether or not to
exercise its discretionary power to set aside the award for the breach. As the
Hong Kong Court of Appeal observed in Grand Pacific at [105]:

… How a court may exercise its discretion in any particular case will depend
on the view it takes of the seriousness of the breach. Some breaches may be so
egregious that an award would be set aside although the result could not be
different.

It can be gleaned from this passage that the Hong Kong Court of Appeal
recognises that there may be certain instances where the court will
nonetheless set aside an award despite the absence of prejudice.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

284 I endorse, with respect, the reasoning in these paragraphs. That the
plaintiff may not have suffered prejudice from having a sole arbitrator
determine the defendant’s claim is relevant, but not determinative. Given the
importance of party autonomy in arbitration, it would seem that an actual
departure from the parties’ agreement on the constitution of the tribunal will
be taken seriously unless it is clearly of a technical or trifling nature.
Nonetheless, as I have found that there was no departure from the agreed
procedure in cl 25.9 of the Distributor Agreement, these observations are
obiter.

Conclusion

285 For all the reasons I have set out above, I have dismissed the plaintiff’s
application with costs.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Khoo Boo Teck Randolph and Liu Chenghan, Aloysius (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Toh Chen Han, Chan Yong Neng and Rakesh Nelson (MPillay) for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

