Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 276

Suit No 1153 of 2017

Between

Materials Industry and Trade (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Vopak Terminals Singapore Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

Between

Vopak Terminals Singapore Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

Materials Industry and Trade (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant in Counterclaim

judgment

[Commercial Transactions] — [Sale of goods]

[Credit and Security] — [Lien]

[Contract] - [Contractual terms] - [Interpretation]

[Contract] - [Contractual terms] - [Interpretation] - [Subsequent conduct]

[Agency] - [Agency by estoppel]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Materials Industry and Trade (Singapore) Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Vopak Terminals Singapore Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 276

High Court — Suit No 1153 of 2017  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
12–15 March, 16, 17 April; 13 June 2019

28 November 2019 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

Introduction

1 This dispute concerns the actions of a storage company in disposing a cargo
of about 2,000 metric tonnes of Palm Methyl Ester (“PME”), which was stored in
one of its tanks, because of the outstanding liabilities of its customer, who
had long-term exclusive use of the tank. The plaintiff, who had sold the cargo
of PME to the customer, claims that it was still the owner of the PME when it
was disposed of by the defendant, the storage company. This disposal was
alleged to be in breach of the plaintiff’s right to possession of the PME
cargo as its owner. It has thus brought this action for damages. The
defendant, on the other hand, insists that it was simply asserting its rights
under its contract with its customer, which provided for the defendant to have
a contractual lien to retain and dispose of the PME, and apply the sale
proceeds in discharge of the outstanding liabilities owed to it.

Facts

Relevant parties

2 The plaintiff is a private company incorporated in Singapore which
specialises in the trading of oil and gas products. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Jenn Elisah Lim’s (“Lim”) Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), para 4.

The defendant is an independent tank storage service which is in the business
of storage and handling of liquid chemicals, gases and oil products. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ong Saw Wah Susie’s (“Ong”) AEIC, para 7.

The defendant owns a storage terminal and related facilities located at 51
Banyan Avenue, Jurong Island, Singapore (the “Banyan Terminal”).

3 In 2014, the plaintiff entered into an agreement to sell 2,000 metric tonnes
of PME to IBRIS Bio-fuels Pte Ltd (“IBRIS”). The details of this agreement are
set out at [14]–[16] below. IBRIS was a private company whose business
concerned the production and extraction of vegetable oil and sugar, bio-fuels
refining and bio-energy power generation. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Lim’s AEIC, paras 7-8, JEL-1 p 62 .

This included PME, a biodiesel produced from palm oil. The PME purchased from
the plaintiff was stored at the Banyan Terminal, where IBRIS had the exclusive
use of several of the defendant’s storage tanks pursuant to a service
agreement. IBRIS was wound up following a creditors’ voluntary liquidation on
14 August 2015. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Choong Choon Yean’s (“Choong”) AEIC, para 1.

IBRIS’s service agreement with the defendant

4 The current dispute arises from the clash between the legal effects of
IBRIS’s sale and purchase transaction with the plaintiff on the one hand, and
on the other hand, IBRIS’s long-term business arrangements with the defendant.
Both the plaintiff and the defendant argue that they had the immediate right
of possession of the PME cargo by reason of their respective written
agreements with IBRIS. I shall therefore set out these agreements in some
detail, beginning with the service agreement entered into between IBRIS and
the defendant.

5 In or around 25 August 2006, the defendant entered into an agreement with a
biodiesel production company known as Natural Fuel Pte Ltd (“NFPL”) to
“design, construct, operate and maintain the storage tanks, pipelines and
equipment (“the Dedicated Facilities”) at the [Banyan] Terminal … for the
dedicated use of [NFPL]”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Choong’s AEIC, para 9, CCY-3 p 106.

It was agreed that there would be seven storage tanks with a combined storage
capacity of 105,000 cubic metres. NFPL owned and operated a biodiesel
manufacturing facility at 2 Banyan Place, Jurong Island, Singapore 627700 (“2
Banyan Place”) which is adjacent to the Banyan Terminal. The objective of
NFPL’s agreement with the defendant was for NFPL to have a convenient storage
location near to its manufacturing facility.

6 The construction of the seven tanks was completed in early 2008 and cost
approximately S$37.2m. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ong’s AEIC, para 12, SO-1 p 53.

However, in or around April 2009, NFPL went into receivership and its
agreement with the defendant was terminated shortly thereafter. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Choong’s AEIC, para 11.

NFPL’s manufacturing facility at 2 Banyan Place was then acquired by IBRIS.
Separately, the defendant decided to modify storage tanks which had been
initially designed and constructed for NFPL so that they could be marketed to
its petrochemical customers. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ong’s AEIC, para 14.

7 In or around April 2010, whilst these modification works were still ongoing,
IBRIS approached the defendant to lease about 50,000 cubic metres of storage
tanks. IBRIS wanted these storage facilities for its exclusive use, in the
same way that NFPL had, for the storage of its bio-fuel products and/or raw
materials. The defendant agreed to provide storage tanks and related
facilities for IBRIS’s dedicated use. On 19 July 2011, IBRIS entered into a
service agreement with the defendant (the “Service Agreement”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Choong’s AEIC, para 7, CCY-2 p 47; 1 Agreed Bundle (“AB”) 115-171.

The initial lease term was for the period from 1 August 2011 to 31 July 2016.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1AB 125.

As per the Service Agreement, the following tanks were provided by the
defendant for IBRIS’s use:

(a) 1 x 20,000 cubic metres carbon steel tank (“Tank 1102”);

(b) 1 x 20,000 cubic metres carbon steel tank (“Tank 1104”);

(c) 1 x 10,000 cubic metres carbon steel tank (“Tank 1106”); and

(d) 1 x 2,600 cubic metres carbon steel tank for the period of 1 August 2011
to 31 January 2012 and thereafter 1 x 5,000 cubic metres carbon steel tank for
the period of 1 February 2012 to 31 July 2016.

8 Pursuant to cl 19.1 and Appendix C of the Service Agreement, IBRIS was to
pay the following fixed monthly fees which would be subject to yearly
adjustments from 1 August 2012: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Choong’s AEIC, para 15; 1AB 144-145, 169.

(a) S$578,600.00 per month from 1 August 2011 to 31 January 2012;

(b) S$605,000.00 per month from 1 February 2012 to 31 July 2012; and

(c) S$687,500.00 from 1 August 2012 to 31 July 2016.

IBRIS was also obliged to pay variable fees for electricity, internal
transfer/blending, tank cleaning and waste disposal. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1AB 170.

Under cl 19.2.1, all sums were due and payable “without demand and without
deduction” no later than 30 days after the date of the defendant’s invoice. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1AB 145.

9 The Service Agreement specified the products to be stored in the tanks as
“[b]iodiesel, RBD Palm oil, rapeseed oil, soy bean oil and any other
feedstocks that can be handled through the Facilities, meeting the Product
Specifications”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ong’s AEIC, para 19; 1AB 122.

PME is included within this description.

10 For the purpose of these proceedings, there are three other important
clauses in the Service Agreement which I should highlight. Under cl 20, the
defendant was to have a right of lien and retention over IBRIS’s products
stored at the Banyan Terminal in the event that the security provided by IBRIS
was either insufficient or invalid. Flowing from this, cl 22 provided for the
defendant to have a right of disposal over IBRIS’s products. This would allow
the defendant to sell the stored products and use the sale proceeds to pay off
any outstanding liabilities due to it. Lastly, pursuant to cl 39, IBRIS was
required to provide two bank guarantees to the defendant. The first guarantee
was to be provided before 1 August 2011 for the period from 1 August 2011
until 31 July 2012 for a sum of S$4,960,000. The second guarantee of
S$5,625,000 was to be provided before 1 July 2012 for the period from 1 August
2012 until the expiration or termination of the Service Agreement. The
relevant portions of these three clauses I have referred to are set out below:
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Choong’s AEIC, CCY-2, pp 79–81, 92; 1AB 147-149, 160-161.

20\. RIGHT OF LIEN AND RETENTION

Subject to Clause 39.1 and in the event the security provided by the Customer
under Clause 39.1 is not sufficient or ceases to be valid for the purposes
described in Clause 39.1, [the defendant] shall have a right of lien and
retention over the Product and all sums, documents which [the defendant] shall
now or hereafter hold of or on behalf of [IBRIS] or which is now or hereafter
due to [IBRIS], to secure the payment of all such sums payable by [IBRIS] to
[the defendant] and the discharge of all liabilities of [IBRIS] to [the
defendant] under this Agreement.

…

22\. RIGHT OF DISPOSAL

22.1 Circumstances

Without prejudice to Clause 22.2:

(1) If [IBRIS] fails to remove the Product due to any reason whatsoever upon
or before the expiry or sooner termination of this Agreement; or

(2) if [IBRIS] fails to pay to [the defendant] any sum due under and in
accordance with Clause 19.2.1 due to any reason whatsoever, except due to the
default of [the defendant] or where a sum is disputed in good faith, for any
period longer than sixty (60) days after [the defendant’s] notification given
under Clause 19.2.2(5),

[the defendant] shall, in the event the security provided by [IBRIS] under
Clause 39.1 is not sufficient or ceases to be valid for the purposes described
in Clause 39.1 (including to secure the due and proper performance and
observance by [IBRIS] of its obligations under this Agreement), be entitled,
by giving [IBRIS] not less than seven (7) days’ prior notice, to remove the
Product from the Dedicated Facilities to any place in or outside the Terminal
and may dispose of and/or destroy the Product in such manner as [the
defendant] deems fit and at the risk and expense of [IBRIS] (including
disposal of the Product by sale, by private treaty or public auction).

22.2 Disposal

If [the defendant] shall decide to dispose of the Product pursuant to and in
accordance with Clause 22.1 by sale by private treaty or public auction:

(1) [the defendant] shall be entitled to open or break open without being
liable for any damage caused thereby, any container or any other package
containing the Product; and

(2) any proceeds of sale shall be applied by [the defendant] in the following
manner:

a. firstly, in payment of all sums of whatever nature due from [IBRIS] to [the
defendant] under this Agreement;

b. secondly, in payment of the expenses of the removal and disposal and any
storage of the Product in the period between such removal and disposal;

c. thirdly, in payment of any sums due from [IBRIS] to the Legal Authority and

d. fourthly, in payment of other claims or liens of which notice has been
given by third parties to [the defendant]

and by rendering any surplus to [IBRIS] immediately.

…

39\. SECURITY

39.1 Sums, period and form

[IBRIS] shall:

(1) before 1st August 2011 and until 31st July 2012, furnish security for the
sum of Singapore Dollars Four Million Nine Hundred and Fifty Thousand (S$
4,950,000.00); and

(2) on or before 1st July 2012, furnish security for the sum of Singapore
Singapore [sic] Dollars Five Million Six Hundred and Twenty Five Thousand
(S$5,625,000.00) for the period from 1st August 2012 to the expiry or
termination of this Agreement;

both in the form of a bank guarantee required by [the defendant] for the due
and proper performance and observance by [IBRIS] of its obligations under this
Agreement to pay all sums due under this Agreement, and [IBRIS] shall maintain
such for so long as this Agreement continues in force Provided that [IBRIS]
may at any time after the Commencement Date, choose to furnish [the defendant]
with such security but for the sum of Singapore Dollars Seven Million One
hundred and One thousand (S$7,101,000.00) or the sum of Singapore Dollars
Eight Million Two hundred and Fifty Thousand (S$ 8,250,000.00) instead of the
sum stipulated in paragraph (1) or (2) above respectively, and in the form
required by [the defendant], and upon furnishing of such security –

a. Clause 20 and all references in this Agreement thereto shall immediately be
deleted from this Agreement; and

b. all references elsewhere in this Agreement to the security provided by the
Customer under Clause 39.1 shall then be references to the security described
in this proviso.

…

39.3 Payment within demand period

[IBRIS] shall pay to [the defendant] a cash sum (or replacement bankers
guarantee as permitted under this Agreement) equal to the amount applied by
[the defendant] under Clause 39.2, as replacement of the part or whole of the
security deposit applied against amounts unpaid by [IBRIS] in accordance with
the terms of the security, within seven (7) days of demand.

[emphasis in original]

11 Cl 39.1 was subsequently varied by the parties, as recorded in a letter
from the defendant to IBRIS dated 29 November 2012. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Ong’s AEIC, SO-3; 1AB 218-219.

The relevant amendments related to the number of bank guarantees IBRIS was
required to furnish, as well as the dates by which these guarantees were
required to be furnished. Instead of providing one bank guarantee for the
period from 1 August 2012 to the end of the Service Agreement (see cl
39.1(2)), under the new arrangement, IBRIS was required to furnish two
guarantees. The first guarantee was required by 30 November 2012 for the
period from 29 November 2012 to 28 November 2014 for a sum of S$5,625,000
(“BG1”). The second guarantee was required by 29 May 2014 for the period from
29 November 2014 to 31 July 2016 for a sum of S$5,625,000. The relevant
portion of the letter is reproduced below:

(a) Ibris shall produce in favour of [the defendant] a Bank Guarantee for the
amount of SGD 5,625,000.00 valid from 29 November 2012 to 28 November 2014
(both dates inclusive) (hereinafter the “BG1”), which BG1 shall be delivered
to [the defendant] no later than 4 p.m. on 30 November 2012;

(b) Ibris shall produce in favour of [the defendant] a Bank Guarantee for the
amount of SGD 5,625,000.00 valid from 29 November 2014 to 31 July 2016 (both
dates inclusive) (hereinafter the “BG2”), which BG shall be delivered to [the
defendant] no later than 4 p.m. on 29 May 2014;

…

Modifications for IBRIS

12 Pursuant to the Service Agreement, the defendant undertook further
modifications of its facilities in line with IBRIS’s requirements, namely, to
modify the equipment relating to and pipelines connecting Tanks 1102, 1104 and
1106. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Ong’s AEIC para 22.

This was paid for by IBRIS. Mr Ravindran Visnathan, the defendant’s operations
manager at the Banyan Terminal, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 15 March 2019, p 43, lines 4-5.

provided the details of these modifications in his evidence. A pipeline, the
“rundown line”, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE, 15 March 2019, p 62 line 14 to p 63 line 2.

was installed to run between IBRIS’s facility at 2 Banyan Place and the Banyan
Terminal. The rundown line diverges into separate pipelines which connect to
Tanks 1102, 1104 and 1106 respectively. The separate pipelines for removals
from the tanks converge into another single pipeline, the “feed line”, which
runs from the Banyan Terminal to IBRIS’s facility at 2 Banyan Place.

13 This system of pipelines is known as a “common system” because the
pipelines running to and from each of the three tanks connect to “common
pipelines” which run between the facility at 2 Banyan Place and the Banyan
Terminal. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Ravindran Visnathan’s AEIC, paras 9-10.

For completeness, there is also a “jetty line” which connects from the jetties
at the Banyan Terminal to the tanks. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE, 15 March 2019, p 63 line 20 to p 64 line 6.

IBRIS’s agreement with the plaintiff

14 I now turn to the contractual relationship between IBRIS and the plaintiff.
In or around August 2014, IBRIS’s Vice-President (Commercial), Mr Choong Choon
Yean (“Mr Choong”), approached one of the plaintiff’s commodity traders, Ms
Jenn Elisah Lim (“Ms Lim”), to determine the plaintiff’s interest in a
potential transaction for the sale and purchase of a cargo of PME. Ms Lim knew
Mr Choong socially because he was the brother of an ex-colleague of hers. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 12.

IBRIS was intending to purchase a quantity of 3,000 metric tonnes of PME from
Antara Commodities (M) Sdn Bhd (“Antara”) and Future Prelude Sdn Bhd (“Future
Prelude”). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Choong’s AEIC, para 17.

IBRIS also had a ready buyer for this quantity of PME, British Petroleum
Singapore Pte Ltd (“BP”). Antara and Future Prelude required IBRIS to make
upfront payment whilst BP wanted to purchase the cargo from IBRIS on 30 days’
credit terms. According to Mr Choong, IBRIS was facing cash flow problems and
would be unable to pay Antara and Future Prelude prior to the PME’s delivery.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Choong’s AEIC, para 21.

It also could not afford to extend a month’s credit to BP. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 18.

Mr Choong thus proposed to Ms Lim that the plaintiff purchase the PME from
Antara and Future Prelude on immediate payment terms. The plaintiff would then
sell the PME on credit terms to IBRIS and IBRIS would conduct a back-to-back
sale with BP. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE, 14 March 2019, p 7 lines 13-19; p 10 line 18 to p 11 line 2.

The plaintiff would make the margin between what it paid Antara and Future
Prelude and its selling price to IBRIS.

15 The plaintiff was agreeable to this proposal. Ms Lim considered this a
“low-risk transaction” given that BP was the intended end-buyer. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 20; NE, 13 March 2019, p 8, lines 19-21.

In the initial stages of negotiation, the plaintiff had suggested that it
could in fact be a joint party with IBRIS in selling the cargo directly to BP.
28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE, 14 March 2019, p 7, lines 22-25.

However, BP was not amenable to purchasing the PME directly from the plaintiff
because BP’s management had pre-approved IBRIS as the selling counter-party.
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Choong’s AEIC para 29.

It was thus agreed that IBRIS would be the immediate purchaser of the PME from
the plaintiff. IBRIS would then on-sell the cargo to BP. The plaintiff
executed an agreement with Antara for the sale and purchase of 2,500 metric
tonnes of PME (“Antara Agreement”), 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Choong’s AEIC, CCY-5; 1AB 33.

paying US$815 per metric tonne. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 24.

This was dated 29 August 2014. The plaintiff remitted US$2,037,500 to Antara
in payment for the PME cargo on 8 September 2014. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 29; JEL-1 pp 82-83.

The Antara Agreement is governed by the terms and conditions established by
The Palm Oil Refiners Association of Malaysia (“PORAM”). No agreement was
entered into with Future Prelude as IBRIS later informed the plaintiff that
the additional cargo was no longer required.

16 IBRIS executed a sale and purchase agreement (the “Sale and Purchase
Agreement”) with the plaintiff, dated 29 August 2014, for the 2,500 metric
tonnes of PME on the same terms as the Antara Agreement, save that IBRIS would
pay the plaintiff US$832 per metric tonne. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

1AB 256-257.

Delivery of the PME was “FOB ITT”, which refers to “free on board”, “in-tank
transfer”. Hence, the plaintiff’s obligation was to deliver the cargo into
IBRIS’s nominated tank. IBRIS would then have 30 days after the completion of
delivery to make payment. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 37; JEL-1 pp 607-609.

17 Delivery of the PME by Antara began on 2 September 2014. This was organised
between Antara and IBRIS and the plaintiff was not involved. After deliveries
had commenced, IBRIS instructed Antara to reduce the contractual amount to
2,000 metric tonnes. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 65.

The plaintiff was only informed of this arrangement shortly before 15 October
2014, but it had no issue with this change in the quantity of the PME despite
the terms of its agreements with Antara and IBRIS. The plaintiff wrote to
Antara, seeking a refund of US$500,000. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Lim AEIC, para 67, JEL-1 p 638.

Antara took the position that it was entitled to deduct goods and service tax
amounts due on import and delay penalties from this figure. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 71.

Antara made payment of US$150,000 to the plaintiff on 20 October 2014. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

1AB 286.

This was followed by three further payments totalling US$117,494.96. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Choong’s AEIC, para 43(c); Lim’s AEIC, para 70.

The plaintiff accepted this in satisfaction of the refund owed. A total
quantity of 2,000.09 metric tonnes of PME (“the PME cargo”) was delivered in
67 separate batches to 2 Banyan Place from 2 September to 17 October 2014.
IBRIS then transferred the PME cargo to Tank 1102 at the Banyan Terminal by
way of the “common system”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Ong’s AEIC, paras 47-48.

This was done in 16 batches from 15 September to 17 October 2014. The material
safety data sheet provided by IBRIS to the defendant in respect of the PME
cargo stored in Tank 1102 listed the manufacturer of the PME as “Natural Fuel
Resources Pte. Ltd.”, which was IBRIS’s former name. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

1AB 25-28.

Other developments

The plaintiff’s storage agreement with IBRIS

18 When the plaintiff entered into the Antara Agreement and the Sale and
Purchase Agreement, it anticipated that delivery of the PME cargo would be
completed before October 2014. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 39.

This expectation did not materialise. This was a concern for the plaintiff as
it was aware that it would only receive payment from IBRIS 30 days after
completion of delivery of the PME cargo. The plaintiff was aware that a longer
period of delivery would prolong its exposure to the risk of IBRIS failing to
pay. These concerns were fuelled by the fact that the plaintiff had received
indications from Mr Choong that IBRIS might have difficulty paying for the PME
cargo. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE, 13 March 2019, p 22, lines 1-15.

In an apparent response to what Mr Choong had conveyed, the plaintiff issued
an invoice dated 26 September 2014, on the instructions of Ms Lim, for
1,176.69 metric tonnes of PME which had been delivered as of that date. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 43; JEL-1 p 610; 1AB 265.

The invoice specified the due date for payment as 2 October 2014. No payment
was made by IBRIS.

19 Subsequently, the plaintiff then proposed that it enter into a storage
agreement with IBRIS (the “Storage Agreement”). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

1 AB 258-260.

This would set out that IBRIS held the PME cargo on the plaintiff’s behalf
pending payment. Cl 8 of the Storage Agreement stated that title to the PME
cargo “shall not pass” to IBRIS until payment for the same was received by the
plaintiff. According to Ms Lim’s evidence, this clause was included as a
safeguard to confirm that the plaintiff and IBRIS were on the same page as to
who had title to the PME cargo. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE, 13 March 2019, p 60, line 10-13.

In full, cl 8 reads:

The title and property in the products, including full legal and beneficial
ownership shall not pass to [IBRIS] until all debts owed to [the plaintiff],
including any balances existing, are fully paid and settled by [IBRIS].

The Storage Agreement was executed on 15 October 2014, but backdated to 1
September 2014, the day before the first delivery of PME was made. The
defendant’s tank, Tank 1102, was identified in the Storage Agreement as the
location where the PME cargo was being stored (see cl 4 of the Storage
Agreement).

20 It appears that, despite the reduction of quantity of PME delivered, the
plaintiff and IBRIS still proceeded on the basis that IBRIS would pay for
2,500 metric tonnes of PME at US$832 per metric tonne, which worked out to
US$2,080,000. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

1AB 288.

IBRIS apparently made payment of US$150,000 on 20 October 2014; this was in
fact the refund sent by Antara (at [17]) but treated by IBRIS and the
plaintiff as a payment by IBRIS towards the price under the Sale and Purchase
Agreement. This meant that IBRIS still owed the plaintiff a sum of
US$1,930,000 for the PME cargo that was due 30 days after delivery was
completed on 17 October 2014. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

1AB 286, 289.

It became clear to the plaintiff that IBRIS was facing financial difficulties
and would not be able to make payment of what was due. This prompted the
plaintiff to execute a repayment agreement (the “Repayment Agreement”) with
IBRIS on 29 October 2014, setting out a repayment schedule for the outstanding
sum. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

1AB 284-293.

Under the Repayment Agreement the parties also agreed to preserve their rights
under the Storage Agreement. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

1AB 287.

IBRIS failed to comply with its obligations under the repayment schedule set
out in the Repayment Agreement. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

1AB 316, paras 8-9.

On 19 December 2014, the plaintiff issued a letter of demand through its
solicitors.

IBRIS’s failure to provide BG2

21 In the meantime, IBRIS was also in default of its obligations under the
Service Agreement with the defendant. On 29 May 2014, IBRIS had failed to
provide BG2 to the defendant in accordance with the varied cl 39 of the
Service Agreement. This was in spite of several reminders sent by the
defendant. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Ong’s AEIC, SO-4.

The defendant wrote on 21 July 2014 to remind IBRIS that BG2 was due. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

1AB 246.

On 25 July 2014, having received no response, the defendant sent another
letter to give IBRIS notice of its intention to exercise its contractual right
of lien on account of the failure to provide BG2 and also due to unpaid
invoices. The text of the letter read: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Ong’s AEIC, SO-5; 1AB 247.

Dear Sir,

FINAL NOTICE: IBRIS BIOFUELS’ BANK GUARANTEE

We refer to our letter dated 21 July 2014 which shall be superseded by this
letter.

Due to non-payment of outstanding invoice and no written reply from you, we
are left with no alternative but to exercise the right of lien under the
Service Agreement dated 19 July 2011, with effect from 29 July 2014, UNLESS
you are able to produce the evidence that you are in the process of obtaining
the Bank Guarantee, to us by close of business 29 July 2014.

ALL RIGHT [sic] RESERVED.

[emphasis in original]

22 The defendant then was informed by IBRIS’s representative, Mr Sohan Ojah-
Maharaj (“Mr Sohan”), that IBRIS was in the process of obtaining BG2. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Ong’s AEIC, para 33.

Mr Sohan requested an extension of time until 31 August 2014 to provide BG2.
The defendant agreed to this by way of an email dated 30 July 2014. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Ong’s AEIC, para 34; 1AB 20.

It was communicated to IBRIS that the defendant had received approval to “de-
activate the current lien”. However, IBRIS failed to provide BG2 by 31 August
2014.

23 The defendant sent two emails inquiring as to the status of BG2 but no
substantive response was provided. On 12 September 2014, the defendant sent an
email to IBRIS, indicating the possible legal actions that would be taken if
BG2 was not provided. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

1AB 40.

Specific reference was made to the possible activation of the defendant’s lien
under cl 20 of the Service Agreement. This referred to the possible exercise
of the lien over the products stored with the defendant. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Ong’s AEIC, para 44.

On 16 September 2014, the defendant made a demand to Standard Chartered Bank
(“SCB”), the issuer of BG1, to draw on BG1 for the sum of S$1,464,774.63 in
respect of unpaid invoices for July and August 2014. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

1AB 264.

This payment was made by SCB on 25 September 2014.

24 On 8 October 2014, the defendant gave IBRIS notice of its intention to
terminate the Service Agreement if IBRIS failed to furnish BG2 by 16 October
2014. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

1AB 273.

Once again, IBRIS failed to comply. On 17 October 2014, the defendant informed
IBRIS that the Service Agreement would be terminated with effect from 29
November 2014. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1AB 275.

On 18 October, the defendant wrote to SCB again, calling for payment of
S$733,264.34 under BG1 for monthly fees payable under the Service Agreement
for September 2014. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

1AB 276.

25 On 20 October 2014, the defendant informed IBRIS of the estimated amount
due to the defendant and demanded payment. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

1AB 278-279.

This estimated figure of S$16,151,272 consisted of S$1,467,532 for fees up to
28 November 2014 and S$14,683,740 for fees from 29 November 2014 to 31 July
2016. This latter sum took into account the fact that the termination of the
Service Agreement would accelerate payments due from IBRIS up to 31 July 2016.
The defendant also informed IBRIS that it would continue to exercise its right
of lien and retention over all stored products, which would include the PME
cargo, unless payment was made. SCB paid the defendant the claimed sum of
S$733,264.34 on 24 October 2014. This left an uncalled balance of
S$3,426,961.03 on BG1 as of that date.

Dispute over the PME ownership

26 On 31 December 2014, the plaintiff wrote to the defendant for the first
time to assert title to the PME cargo. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

1AB 312-313.

The plaintiff claimed that IBRIS’s agreement with the defendant, in terms of
custody and possession of the PME cargo, had been entered into “for and on
behalf of [the plaintiff]” and this was pursuant to the terms of the Storage
Agreement. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Ong’s AEIC, SO-15.

It directed the defendant not to release or transfer the cargo from Tank 1102
without its prior written notice or consent. The plaintiff also enclosed with
its letter a copy of the Storage Agreement. The defendant did not respond to
this letter as it was apparently informed by IBRIS that the latter would
liaise with the plaintiff directly.

27 On 9 February 2015, the plaintiff wrote to IBRIS to give it notice that the
plaintiff had accepted IBRIS’s repudiatory breach of the Repayment Agreement
and that agreement was terminated. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

1AB 314-317.

It also directed IBRIS to take all necessary steps to deliver up the PME cargo
stored in Tank 1102. On 11 February 2015, IBRIS communicated in a letter to
the plaintiff that the defendant had asserted its right of lien and retention
over the PME cargo. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 101; 1AB 321.

28 This prompted the plaintiff’s solicitors to write to the defendant on 16
February 2015 to give notice that it held title to the PME cargo and was
exercising its immediate right of possession. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

1AB 333-334.

They also requested for tank reports for Tank 1102 showing the quantity of PME
stored. Subsequently, on 11 March 2015, the defendant’s solicitors wrote to
inform the plaintiff’s solicitors that the defendant had exercised its “rights
of lien and disposal” over the PME cargo. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 104, JEL-1 p 1119; 1AB 348.

29 In March 2015, the defendant made arrangements to sell the PME cargo to a
third party. The PME was eventually sold for US$893,494.53 in June 2015. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Ong’s AEIC, paras 81-85.

The sale proceeds received by the defendant, after converting to local
currency, was S$1,187,962.02, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 32(f).

far short of what was due from IBRIS.

The plaintiff’s case

30 The plaintiff’s claim is that the defendant wrongfully converted the PME
cargo by retaining it in Tank 1102 and thereafter selling it to a third party.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”), para 56.

This conversion claim is premised on the plaintiff having title to the PME
cargo at the material time. It was the plaintiff’s and IBRIS’s intention that
title to the PME cargo would only pass upon complete delivery of the PME, and
this was when the last batch was delivered on 17 October 2014. Before that
happened, the parties also entered into the Storage Agreement to ensure that
title remained with the plaintiff, or was returned to it, pending payment for
the entire cargo by IBRIS. Given that IBRIS had no title over the PME cargo,
the defendant had no right to deal with the PME cargo without the plaintiff’s
consent. The defendant was put on notice of the plaintiff’s position as to its
title by January 2015 at the latest.

31 The plaintiff contends that, if the defendant had a valid possessory lien
capable of potentially encumbering the plaintiff’s interest in the PME cargo,
the right of lien did not arise until after 29 November 2014. This was well
after the execution of the Storage Agreement on 15 October 2014, which the
plaintiff alleges was the latest possible date when title to the PME cargo was
returned to the plaintiff, assuming that title to the PME cargo had already
passed before then through the delivery of each of batch of PME. Once it is
clear that title to the PME cargo remained with the plaintiff, it is argued
that the defendant could not exercise its lien over the cargo. In short, the
defendant’s lien is exercisable only over stored products which were owned by
IBRIS.

32 The plaintiff denies the assertions made by the defendant that IBRIS was
conferred with implied authority or had apparent authority to store the PME
cargo in Tank 1102 on the plaintiff’s behalf, thereby making the PME cargo
subject to the defendant’s lien even though the plaintiff still held title to
it. The plaintiff was not privy to IBRIS’s arrangements with the defendant. It
only became aware of the defendant’s contractual right of lien in March 2015
when the defendant refused to deliver up the cargo despite the plaintiff’s
demand.

33 The plaintiff also argues that the defendant did not validly exercise its
lien before 15 October 2014 because it never gave proper written notice to
IBRIS of its intended exercise of the lien.

34 In response to the defendant’s counterclaim for storage fees and other
ancillary costs (as explained below), the plaintiff concedes that it would be
required to pay “reasonable storage fees” from 1 October 2014 to 16 February
2015, the date on which the plaintiff demanded the return of the PME cargo
(see above at [28]). It disputes the quantum of fees claimed by the defendant
as being exorbitant and argues that any damages payable should be limited to
S$147,284.26. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PCS, paras 79-80; See also, Lim’s AEIC, para 90.

The defendant’s case

35 The defendant argues that it did not convert the PME cargo because it held
the immediate right of possession of the cargo, not the plaintiff. The PME
cargo was delivered to the Banyan Terminal in batches. According to the
defendant, title passed to IBRIS when each batch was delivered on the basis of
the PME being unconditionally appropriated, with the assent of the plaintiff
and IBRIS, to the Sale and Purchase Agreement. The Storage Agreement did not
have the effect of returning title to the plaintiff because, on its proper
interpretation, cl 8 is only a retention of title clause that cannot operate
retrospectively. Consequently, title to the delivered PME cargo had passed to
IBRIS and the PME cargo became subject to the terms of the Service Agreement,
in particular, the defendant’s right of lien and right of disposal.

36 Indeed, the defendant argues that this would have been the case even if the
effect of the Storage Agreement was to return title to the plaintiff. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”), para 60.

The defendant was still entitled to exert possessory control because there had
been an insufficiency of security which triggered its right of lien. The
defendant argues that its right to exercise its contractual lien arose when
IBRIS failed to provide BG2 by 29 May 2014 and by the subsequent extended
deadlines. This is because the failure to provide BG2 meant that the defendant
had insufficient security as per the terms of the Service Agreement. The
defendant argues that it validly exercised its contractual lien over the PME
cargo in September 2014 before the Storage Agreement was entered into. A
secondary justification advanced by the defendant is that IBRIS had been
granted authority from the plaintiff to store the PME cargo at the Banyan
Terminal. The plaintiff knew that the stored cargo at the defendant’s premises
would have been subject to certain terms and conditions such as a right of
lien. It cannot therefore now claim to be ignorant of them.

37 By way of counterclaim, the defendant seeks to recover from the plaintiff
the outstanding storage fees for the PME cargo from 1 October 2014 until the
time of its disposition, 6 June 2015. In the alternative, the defendant says
that it is minimally owed storage fees up to 16 February 2015. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DCS, para 285.

The defendant’s bases the quantum of its counterclaim on the fixed fees set
out in the Service Agreement: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Ong’s AEIC, paras 90-93.

S$659,408.64 on a monthly basis, totalling S$5,440,121.28. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1), p 18, para 32(c)-(d).

In addition, the defendant says it is entitled, under the variable fees at
Appendix C and cl 22 of the Service Agreement, to charge S$601,251.37 for
cleaning and waste disposal fees/expenses arising out of the sale of the PME
cargo. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at pp 18-19, para 32(e); Ong’s AEIC,
para 94.

Thus, the total claimed by the defendant against the plaintiff is
S$6,041,372.65. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Ong’s AEIC, para 97; Defendant’s Opening Statement, para 79.

Issues to be determined

38 It is necessary for me to analyse the plaintiff’s case a little more
carefully in order to determine exactly the key issues I must decide. There
are also other peripheral issues that have been raised and argued at length by
both parties in their written closing submissions, such as whether the
plaintiff is estopped from bringing these proceedings against the defendant
because it had failed to bring a claim in the course of Originating Summons No
100 of 2015 (IBRIS’s application for leave to convene a creditors’ meeting
pursuant to s 210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)) to determine
whether the plaintiff or IBRIS had title to the PME cargo, despite leave being
granted by the court for the plaintiff to do so. In my view, these are not
essential issues to the determination of the dispute. In any event, I find the
defendant’s arguments on this point to be a non-starter, since the claim
brought by the plaintiff against the defendant in these proceedings is quite
distinct from any rights that the plaintiff can assert against IBRIS and
furthermore, there was no legal compulsion for the plaintiff to have brought
up the issue of title to the PME cargo only in proceedings against IBRIS.

39 Coming back to the crux of the dispute, I find that the plaintiff’s case
that its property has been converted is founded on several planks. As
mentioned, the first and fundamental point is that title to the PME cargo
continued to be held by the plaintiff before the defendant exercised its
contractual lien. Hence, the plaintiff argues that title never passed when the
batches of PME were delivered to IBRIS and transferred to Tank 1102 at the
Banyan Terminal. Alternatively, even if title to the PME had passed, the
Storage Agreement executed on 15 October 2014 had the effect of transferring
title from IBRIS back to the plaintiff.

40 That the plaintiff held title to the PME cargo is the entire foundation to
the plaintiff’s case. The plaintiff accepts that, if it fails to cross this
first hurdle, its entire case of conversion and/or interference with its
property rights by the defendant would collapse, and its claim will be
dismissed.

41 Next, according to the plaintiff’s case, if the Storage Agreement had the
effect of returning title to the PME to the plaintiff, it must go on to show
that the defendant did not exercise its contractual lien until after 15
October 2014, the date the Storage Agreement was made. This is premised on the
assumption that the defendant cannot exercise its lien over any products
stored in its tanks, if the products are owned by someone other than the
defendant’s customer. The validity of this assumption in the context of this
case will have to be explored later in this judgment.

42 The next plank of the plaintiff’s case is that the defendant could not have
exercised its lien until the time the Service Agreement was terminated, that
is, 29 November 2014, because that was when the liabilities of IBRIS to the
defendant exceeded the value that remained in BG1. That was when the security
became insufficient. Alternatively, even if the defendant could have exercised
its lien prior to 15 October 2014, it did not validly do so because of its
failure to give IBRIS prior written notice of its intention to exercise its
lien.

43 Thus, from the above, the issues I have to decide may be divided into two
broad areas. The first area concerns the question of title to the PME cargo.
Two questions must be answered - did title to the PME cargo pass from the
plaintiff to IBRIS and if so, when? If title passed, what was the effect of
the Storage Agreement?

44 The second area deals with the defendant’s contractual right of lien and
the consequences flowing thereon. The questions in this area I have to deal
with are:

(a) At what point could the defendant have exercised its right of lien? When
did it exercise its right of lien? Was it obliged to give notice of the
exercise of its right of lien?

(b) At the time when the defendant exercised its lien, would it have made a
difference if the title to the PME cargo was with IBRIS or the plaintiff?

45 I shall examine these two broad areas in turn.

Right of possession to the PME cargo

Did title to the PME cargo pass to IBRIS?

46 I deal first with whether the plaintiff had title to the PME cargo. My
finding on this point will affect much of the subsequent analysis in this
judgment. The initial question which must be addressed is whether and, if so,
when title to the PME cargo passed from the plaintiff to IBRIS. The terms of
the Sale and Purchase Agreement are of limited assistance because they do not
specify when title was to pass. The PORAM terms and conditions governing the
Sale and Purchase Agreement are silent on this issue. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE, 12 March 2019, p 30, lines 6-21; 4AB 1615-1619.

This is accepted by both parties. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE, 12 March 2019, p 30, lines 14-21; Defendants’ Reply Closing Submissions
(“DRCS”), para 38.

Where a written contract does not expressly provide for the transfer of title,
the general rules as to the passing of title under the Sale of Goods Act (Cap
393, 1999 Rev Ed) (the “SOGA”) will apply and it is to this that I now turn.

47 If the contract is for the sale of specific or ascertained goods, property
is transferred when it is so intended by the parties (s 17(1) SOGA). In
determining the parties’ intention, the court may have regard to the
contractual terms, the parties’ conduct and the circumstances of the case (s
17(2) SOGA). Supplementing this, s 18 of the SOGA sets out the default rules
for the passing of title. At the outset, I should highlight that the Sale and
Purchase Agreement was a contract to sell unascertained goods. The parties are
in agreement on this. The authors of Benjamin’s Sale of Goods (Sweet &
Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2017) at para [5-060] identify three categories of goods
which usually fall within this description:

The first is that of generic goods, that is to say, of a certain quantity of
goods in general, without any specific identification of them, such as “50
hogsheads of sugar”. The second type is most types of future goods. The third
is that of an unascertained part of a larger quantity of ascertained goods,
such as “500 tons of wheat out of a cargo of 1,000 tons” on board a certain
ship. The common characteristic seems to be that the goods cannot presently be
identified and can be referred to by description only. [emphasis added]

The plaintiff and IBRIS did not identify a specific 2,000 metric tonnes of PME
to be the subject of the Sale and Purchase Agreement. Rather, it was a
contract by description. Section 18 r 5 then becomes relevant because it deals
with the passing of title in relation to unascertained goods.

18\. Unless a different intention appears, the following are rules for
ascertaining the intention of the parties as to the time at which the property
in the goods is to pass to the buyer:

…

Rule 5.— (1) Where there is a contract for the sale of unascertained or future
goods by description, and goods of that description and in a deliverable state
are unconditionally appropriated to the contract either by the seller with the
assent of the buyer or by the buyer with the assent of the seller, the
property in the goods then passes to the buyer; and the assent may be express
or implied, and may be given either before or after the appropriation is made.

(2) Where, in pursuance of the contract, the seller delivers the goods to the
buyer or to a carrier or other bailee or custodier (whether named by the buyer
or not) for the purpose of transmission to the buyer, and does not reserve the
right of disposal, he is to be taken to have unconditionally appropriated the
goods to the contract. …

[emphasis added in italics]

48 In interpreting the language of s 18 r 5, the decision in Carlos Federspiel
& Co S.A. v Charles Twigg & Co Ltd [1957] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 240 (“Carlos
Federspiel”) provides helpful guidance (at 255). Carlos Federspiel concerned a
contract for the sale of bicycles and tricycles. The buyer had paid the
contract price and the seller had made preparations for shipment (eg, by
packing and labelling the goods). However, before the goods were shipped, the
seller company was wound up. The buyer argued that the goods had been
appropriated to the contract and property had passed. Hence, the goods did not
fall within the pool of the company’s assets available for distribution to its
creditors. Pearson J examined the language of s 18 of the Sale of Goods Act
1893 (c 71) (UK), which mirrors the SOGA, and found that for property to pass,
three conditions have to be satisfied:

(a) The goods must be unconditionally appropriated. The parties “must have had
or be reasonably supposed to have had, an intention to attach the contract
irrevocably to those goods”.

(b) There must be assent. The parties must agree to appropriation and the
change of ownership. In some cases, the buyer’s assent may be conferred in
advance.

(c) The goods must be delivered. This can be either actual or constructive
delivery.

49 I pause briefly to note that, although the Court characterised these as
three separate conditions, the requirement of delivery is better
conceptualised as being subsumed under appropriation. Under s 18 r 5(2), goods
may be taken to have been unconditionally appropriated where there has been
delivery, either actual or constructive, and the seller does not reserve its
right of disposal.

50 On the facts of Carlos Federspiel, title to the goods had not passed to the
buyer. The Court determined that the parties’ intention was that title would
only pass upon shipment. Although preparatory steps had been taken by the
seller to deliver the goods, this did not amount to an unconditional
appropriation. The principles in Carlos Federspiel were endorsed and applied
locally in Yap Chin Hock & Anor v Cheng Wang Loong [1964] MLJ 276.

51 The plaintiff argues that the term “delivery” under s 18 r 5(2) should be
taken to mean “full delivery”. According to this argument, it was the
plaintiff’s and IBRIS’s intention that delivery would only be deemed to be
effected when the contractual quantity of 2,000 metric tonnes of PME had been
deposited in Tank 1102. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE, 12 March 2019, p 9, lines 4-11; PCS paras 84, 172.

It follows that the PME could not have been unconditionally appropriated, and
hence passing title to IBRIS, before full delivery took place. At the
earliest, title to the PME cargo would only have passed on 17 October 2014,
when delivery of all 2,000 metric tonnes of PME was completed. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PCS, para 185.

52 The plaintiff raises two points in advancing its argument. First, the Sale
and Purchase Agreement specified that the PME cargo was to be delivered on a
“FOB ITT” basis. “FOB” and “ITT” are terms found under Incoterms 2010:
International Chamber of Commerce rules for the use of domestic and
international trade terms (“Incoterms”). They have specific definitions which,
according to the plaintiff, indicate when the parties intended delivery to be
effected. The plaintiff relies on the definitions offered in the report of its
expert, Mr Mario Johan Nurtanio (“Mr Nurtanio”). 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Nurtanio’s AEIC, MJN-1, pp 25-26.

He is an experienced trader in biodiesel, in particular, PME. He is also a
member of the Commercial and Technical Committee of the PORAM and the
Executive Committee of the Malaysian Biodiesel Association. Mr Nurtanio
considered “FOB”, or “free on board”, to mean that the seller is only
responsible for the goods until they are loaded onto the transportation used
for the transaction. “ITT” refers to “in-tank transfer” which means that “the
seller will ensure the delivery of the cargo into a tank nominated for the
transaction.” He went on to observe that if “delivered in batches, the cargo
is only considered delivered when the entirety … is delivered”. This
interpretation is also supported by the evidence of Ms Lim and Mr Choong, the
plaintiff’s and IBRIS’ representatives. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 22; Choong’s AEIC, para 23, 33-35.

So, the plaintiff argues that it was clearly the contracting parties’
intention that the inclusion of the term “ITT” was to have the effect of
delivery only taking place after actual full delivery of all 2,000 metric
tonnes of PME. It adds that the defendant has not substantially challenged its
evidence on this point. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

PCS, para 187.

53 Secondly, the plaintiff highlights that IBRIS was only obliged to make
payment for the PME 30 days “after completion of delivery”. It says that such
a term can only mean that delivery was intended to take place after the entire
contractual quantity had been delivered. To suggest otherwise would mean that
there would have been 67 potential “start dates” from which the 30 day credit
period would run from. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PCS, para 180(e).

This would fly in the face of commercial reality. In bolstering its argument,
the plaintiff also points to the oral evidence of Mr Choong who explained an
industry distinction between “delivery” and “acceptance”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE, 14 March 2019, p 33, line 23 to p 34 line 4; p 35 lines 19-25.

The PME may have been physically delivered to the Banyan Terminal but this
would not have been regarded as delivery for the purpose of appropriating the
cargo. Appropriation would only have occurred upon acceptance, on confirmation
that the PME was in accordance with the required specifications.

54 In contrast, the defendant argues that there was unconditional
appropriation and assent upon the delivery of each truckload of PME. Title
would have passed upon each delivery. Referencing the language of s 18 r 5(2),
the defendant asserts that each delivery by the plaintiff to 2 Banyan Place
amounted to a delivery of PME “for the purpose of transmission to the buyer”.
There was an irrevocable attachment of each batch of PME cargo to the contract
because the PME was received by IBRIS and was then pumped into Tank 1102, with
knowledge of the plaintiff that this was being done. The wording of the Sale
and Purchase Agreement did not include a reservation as to the plaintiff’s
right of disposal for the batches of PME delivered.

55 The parties’ objective conduct also shows that delivery was intended to
take place upon the arrival of each PME batch. The defendant relies on an
email sent on 8 October 2014 from Ms Lim to Mr Choong. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

1AB 60.

In this email, Ms Lim expressed the need for the plaintiff and IBRIS to enter
into the Storage Agreement because of the delayed delivery timeline. She
requested for an “agreement for the fuels delivered to [IBRIS] tanks and have
[IBRIS] return title of the goods delivered to date to [the plaintiff]”, which
eventually became the Storage Agreement. It was initially Ms Lim’s evidence
that this choice of wording was intended to disabuse IBRIS of the belief that
title had passed from the plaintiff. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE, 13 March 2019, p 33, lines 18-22.

However, upon further cross-examination, she conceded that the reference to
IBRIS returning title meant that title must have already passed to IBRIS from
the plaintiff and that she was aware of this. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE, 13 March 2019, p 43 line 24 to p 44 line 8.

She also accepted that there was a distinction between the term “remain” and
“return”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE, 13 March 2019, p 30, line 11 to p 31, line 3.

When posed similar questions, Mr Choong was evasive in his answers and claimed
to understand “return” to mean title would “remain” with the plaintiff. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE, 14 March 2019, p 52, lines 9-14.

He then added that he was unsure as to what the legal position on title was.
Taken together, the defendant argues that both IBRIS and the plaintiff knew,
or must have known, that title had passed upon the delivery of each batch of
PME.

56 The defendant also refutes the plaintiff’s arguments as to the significance
of the term “ITT” in the Sale and Purchase Agreement. It argues that “ITT”
simply refers to the manner in which the PME cargo had to be physically
delivered. Incoterms do not deal with the “transfer of ownership of the goods,
or the consequences of a breach of contract”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE, 13 March 2019, p 46 line 19 to p 47 line 1; DCS, para 83.

This was conceded by Ms Lim during the trial after she was referred to the
Incoterms. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE, 13 March 2019, p 48, lines 3-11.

In any event, the defendant submits that the subjective understanding of Ms
Lim and Mr Choong as to the meaning of “ITT” or the significance of Incoterms
is irrelevant.

57 Having assessed the evidence and the submissions, I find that there was an
unconditional appropriation of the PME upon each batch of delivery and this
was assented to by the parties. Title to the goods thus passed from the
plaintiff to IBRIS up until 15 October 2014, the date of the Storage
Agreement. I shall discuss the significance of the Storage Agreement in
relation to the passing of title later in this judgment. The delivery
documents 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

3AB 928-1450.

detailing the 67 deliveries to 2 Banyan Place specify the date of delivery,
the quantity of PME delivered and references the contract number. These
deliveries of PME were then pumped into Tank 1102, which was for the IBRIS’s
exclusive use. As can be seen by the terms of the Storage Agreement, the
plaintiff was well aware that the PME was being stored in Tank 1102. In my
judgment, this demonstrates an intention to attach those specific quantities
of PME to the Sale and Purchase Agreement. The plaintiff did not withhold any
documentation, which would have qualified IBRIS’s possession of the goods. The
steps taken by the plaintiff in delivering the PME were irrevocable. In fact,
IBRIS was free to sell the PME cargo to BP, as it had intended, and move the
PME cargo out of Tank 1102 immediately for that purpose. This is quite unlike
the seller in Carlos Federspiel who still had the option to refuse to ship the
goods to the buyer.

58 I accept the defendant’s submissions that the parties’ conduct indicates
that they assented to the appropriation of the PME cargo upon each delivery.
Besides her references to IBRIS “return[ing] title” to the plaintiff, it is
also relevant that an invoice was issued by the plaintiff to IBRIS on 26
September 2014 asking for payment before the credit period had even started
(see [18] above). In her oral evidence, Ms Lim characterised this as an
attempt to obtain a goodwill payment from IBRIS and to reduce the plaintiff’s
exposure. The plaintiff was trying its luck and, hoping that IBRIS would make
payment before it was due. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE, 13 March 2019, p 23, lines 17-21.

This was apparently not unusual practice in their industry. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE, 14 March 2019, p 39, lines 13-17.

Nonetheless, it is notable that this attempt to collect payment was not met
with any protest by IBRIS. The issuance of an invoice is not reflective of a
casual attempt at getting paid. Faced with unforeseen delays in delivery and
IBRIS’s cash flow issues, the plaintiff’s behaviour reflects that of a nervous
seller trying to avert potential losses by seeking payment as early as
possible. The plaintiff would only have taken such steps if it was of the
belief that it could no longer assert title over the delivered PME cargo.

59 The terms “FOB” and “ITT” do not make it clear that appropriation would
only occur upon delivery of the full contractual amount of 2,000 metric tonnes
of PME. These terms do not relate to when title passes but only address the
method and means of delivery. Similarly, the requirement for IBRIS to make
payment 30 days after delivery does not definitively support the plaintiff’s
case. A distinction should be drawn between delivery for the purpose of
calculating the date of payment to determine a fixed starting point from which
IBRIS’s credit term would run, and delivery for the purpose of appropriating
the goods to the contract. The latter simply requires a transmission of the
goods to the buyer, without any reservation of any right of disposal by the
seller. This could have occurred without triggering IBRIS’s payment
obligations, which I find was 30 days after the full completion of the full
delivery of the PME cargo, based on the terms of the Sale and Purchase
Agreement.

60 I also agree with the defendant that the expressions of the parties’
subjective intentions are of limited assistance in determining when title was
to pass. Although Ms Lim and Mr Choong were responsible for negotiating the
Sale and Purchase Agreement and would have been privy to the intentions of
their companies, it is the objective evidence in the form of communications
that passed between the plaintiff and IBRIS that are relevant. Further, their
evidence was premised on their general understanding as commodity traders in
the market. A useful illustration of this is the distinction drawn by Mr
Choong between “delivery” and “acceptance”. This is not a legal distinction
found under s 18 of the SOGA. Moreover, taking into account the concessions
made by Ms Lim in relation to her 8 October 2014 email to Mr Choong and what I
find is the significance of the term “ITT”, it is uncertain whether her views
actually accurately reflect the plaintiff’s position at the material time.

The effect of the Storage Agreement

61 Given my finding that title to the PME passed to IBRIS upon each delivery,
the next issue is whether the Storage Agreement successfully passed title back
to the plaintiff.

62 The plaintiff argues that cl 8 of the Storage Agreement (see [19] above)
has a two-fold purpose. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2), para 12(d)(iv).

First, if title to the PME had not passed, cl 8 would ensure that the
plaintiff would continue to hold title until all of the debts owed by IBRIS
are fully settled. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Lim’s AEIC, para 52.

Title was to remain with the plaintiff even after the completion of delivery
on 17 October 2014. I have already found that title passed upon each delivery
of the PME cargo. As such, this argument is only relevant in respect of the
PME which was undelivered at the date of the Storage Agreement’s execution.
Secondly, if title passed to IBRIS upon each delivery, it was the intention of
the parties to use cl 8 as a means to transfer title to the delivered PME back
to the plaintiff. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PCS, para 88.

It is contended that the plain words of cl 8 support such an interpretation.
The plaintiff also relies on emails sent between the parties on 8 October 2014
to illustrate that this was the parties’ intention. Besides the email sent
from Ms Lim to Mr Choong (see above at [55]), the plaintiff also refers to
correspondence from the plaintiff’s Ms Mabel Loh (“Ms Loh”) to Mr Choong which
stated that title “shall not pass to [IBRIS] until all debts owed to [the
plaintiff] by [IBRIS] are fully paid and settled”. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

1AB 62.

So, it was argued that the objective of the parties was clearly that title to
the PME cargo would remain with the plaintiff at all times, but if title
passed, the Storage Agreement would have had the effect of returning title to
achieve this desired outcome. In the alternative, the plaintiff submits that
the emails sent by Ms Loh and Ms Lim on 8 October 2014 and Mr Choong’s
response to both emails, appearing to accept the terms set out therein,
constitute a valid and binding agreement to return title to the PME to the
plaintiff. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

PCS, para 217-218.

63 The defendant’s position is that, at best, cl 8 of the Storage Agreement
only served to retain title to the remaining undelivered portion of the PME
cargo of 21.30 metric tonnes as at 15 October 2014. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DCS, para 101.

This is because cl 8 only purports to retain title and does not address the
re-conveyance of title back to the plaintiff. The defendant argues that
adopting the plaintiff’s position would be tantamount to rewriting the terms
of the Storage Agreement.

64 The law on the interpretation of contractual terms is not controversial.
The Court of Appeal in Yap Son On v Ding Pei Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 (“Yap Son
On”) at [30] summarised the principles expressed in Y.E.S F&B Group Pte Ltd v
Soup Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway
Point) Pte Ltd) (“Soup Restaurant”) [2015] 5 SLR 1187 on contractual
interpretation. The Court of Appeal explained that the purpose of
interpretation is to give effect to the objectively ascertained expressed
intentions of the contracting parties as it emerges from the contextual
meaning of the relevant contractual language. While both the text of the
agreement and the surrounding context must be considered, the written
agreement is of first and primary importance. Extrinsic evidence is admissible
so long as it is “relevant”, “reasonably available to all the contracting
parties” and relates to a “clear or obvious context” (Zurich Insurance
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3
SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich Insurance”) at [125], [132]). Such evidence must go
towards proving what the parties objectively agreed upon (Zurich Insurance at
[132(d)]). Evidence of the subjective intentions of the parties is not
relevant (Yap Son On at [30] and Soup Restaurant at [33]). An exception to
this is where there is latent ambiguity in the written agreement (Zurich
Insurance at [50]).

65 In my judgment, the wording of cl 8 is clear. It directed that title and
property to the PME “shall not pass” until the IBRIS settled its debts. The
plain and ordinary reading of this is that the plaintiff was to retain title
to the PME cargo which had not already passed to IBRIS as of 15 October 2014.
There is nothing to suggest that the phrase “shall not pass”, which is drafted
in the future tense, should also apply to title to the PME cargo which has
already passed to IBRIS. The plaintiff’s contended interpretation grants cl 8
a retroactive effect which cannot be discerned from the clause’s wording. If
the plaintiff’s intention had been to use the Storage Agreement as a means by
which to also re-convey title, this could easily have been expressed in the
language of the Storage Agreement. The fact that this was not done strengthens
the conclusion that cl 8 was not intended to have such an expansive meaning.
Ms Lim, the plaintiff’s representative, appreciated the distinction between
the “return” of title and for title to “remain” 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE, 13 March 2019, p 30, line 11 to p 31, line 3.

and reflected this in her email correspondence to IBRIS which was a precursor
to the Storage Agreement. Why then was this distinction not captured in the
wording of the Storage Agreement itself?

66 In any event, I find that the emails sent on 8 October 2014 are not
relevant for the purposes of interpreting the scope of cl 8. These emails
point to the subjective intentions of the plaintiff and IBRIS. The background
context of the parties’ discussions should not be used to create ambiguity as
to the meaning of the Storage Agreement where none exists (Soup Restaurant at
[32]). I also do not accept that these emails amounted to a binding agreement.
If an earlier agreement had been concluded on 8 October 2014, with terms as to
the return of title being clearly articulated, there would have been no
purpose in executing the Storage Agreement. The fact that the plaintiff and
IBRIS concluded the Storage Agreement suggests that they intended for it to
govern their contractual relationship. I should also add that the plaintiff
has not pleaded the existence of an agreement concluded by way of the 8
October 2014 emails. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DRCS, para 71.

67 Of greater significance is the objective conduct of the parties with
respect to the Storage Agreement. The Storage Agreement was backdated to 1
September 2014, before the first delivery of PME to the Banyan Terminal. When
asked about why this was done, Ms Lim explained that this was an “internal
agreement with management … to just make it clean to go right to the start”.
107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE, 13 March 2019, p 108 line 10 to p 109 line 3.

I will make two observations here.

68 First, I find that the plaintiff and IBRIS must have been trying to create
a misleading impression to third parties, such as the defendant, that the
Storage Agreement backdated to 1 September 2014 governed their relationship
from the beginning. Hence, cl 8 refers to the whole of the PME cargo as if no
part of it had already been delivered. Also, the plaintiff later sent the
Storage Agreement to the defendant claiming that it was the basis of its right
to ownership and possession over the entire PME cargo, without explaining that
it has been signed at a time when almost all of the PME cargo has been
delivered into Tank 1102 (see above at [26]).

69 Second, if it was clear to the parties that title to the PME cargo would
only pass upon complete delivery, there would have been no need to backdate
the Storage Agreement. The backdating of the Storage Agreement suggests that
the parties knew, or at least believed, that title to the delivered PME had
already passed, and they were attempting to re-write history. The decision of
the plaintiff to enter into the Storage Agreement suggests to me that the
plaintiff was seeking a way by which it could create an interest over the PME
cargo to secure payment of what was due by IBRIS.

70 Bearing this in mind, it becomes clear that the plaintiff wanted the best
of both worlds. It knew that title to each batch of PME cargo passed upon
delivery to IBRIS. This presented a problem since IBRIS was clearly in
financial difficulty. To protect its interests, the plaintiff sought to
reclaim title to the delivered PME by way of the Storage Agreement but without
conceding that title to the delivered PME had already passed. By backdating
the Storage Agreement, the plaintiff attempted to create a fiction that this
arrangement operated over the whole PME cargo. This explains why cl 8 is
drafted as it was, that is, to simply retain title.

71 In my judgment, cl 8 has the effect of a retention of title clause. The
scope of cl 8 does not provide for the return of title, which already passed
to IBRIS, back to the plaintiff. The Storage Agreement only had the effect of
ensuring that the plaintiff retained title to the undelivered PME as at 15
October 2014, which was the last batch of 21.30 metric tonnes that was
delivered on 17 October 2014.

72 Given my findings as to when title to the PME cargo passed, the plaintiff
accepts that its case that the defendant has converted its property or
wrongfully interfered with its property rights in respect of the PME cargo,
which title had already passed to IBRIS by 15 October 2014, will necessarily
fail. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

PCS, para 109.

This is how the plaintiff has mounted its case in these proceedings.

73 I will proceed to consider the exercise of the defendant’s lien in respect
of the PME cargo that was still owned by the plaintiff by virtue of cl 8 of
the Storage Agreement.

The defendant’s lien

74 Before considering the exercise of the defendant’s lien, I make some
preliminary observations as to the nature of the lien itself. The defendant
argues that cl 20 of the Service Agreement provides the defendant with a
possessory legal interest in the PME cargo, as shown by the wording of the
clause and the objective intention of the parties. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DCS, para 181.

A general possessory lien refers to a right to “retain possession of goods or
documents belonging to another until all claims against that other are
satisfied” (Alfred H Silvertown, The Law of Lien (Butterworths, 1st Ed, 1988))
at p 19.

75 The lien under cl 20 creates an interest in favour of the defendant that is
not the same as that in Diablo Fortune Inc v Duncan, Cameron Lindsay [2018] 2
SLR 129 (“Diablo”). There, the Court of Appeal considered the nature of a
contractual lien over sub-freights. The appellant, (“the Owner”), owned a
vessel which it chartered out to a company (“the Company”). Cl 18 of the
bareboat charter provided the Owner with a lien as follows (at [10]):

… [the Owner] to have a lien upon all cargoes, sub-hires and sub-freights
belonging or due to [the Company] or any sub-charterers and any Bill of Lading
freight for all claims under this Charter, and [the Company] to have a lien on
the Vessel for all moneys paid in advance and not earned.

The Company went on to sub-charter the vessel. Sometime later, the Company
incurred substantial losses and its directors filed a winding up application.
Upon being notified of this, the Owner sought to exercise, pursuant to cl 18,
a lien on the sub-freights due from the sub-charterer to the Company.

76 The Court of Appeal observed that it is a well-established position in
English law that liens on sub-freights give rise to an “equitable assignment
by way of floating charge” (at [35]). Such liens assign future choses in
action and the ship-owner has a dormant right to the sub-freights when they
come into existence. The shipowner holds no proprietary interest “until sums
due under the charter go unpaid” (at [37]). The Court of Appeal endorsed the
definition of a floating charge (at [38]) as set out in In re Yorkshire
Woolcombers Association Ltd [1903] 2 Ch 284 at 295:

(a) it is a charge on a class of present and future assets of a company;

(b) this class of assets would, in the ordinary course of business, “be
changing from time to time”; and

(c) until a future step is taken by those interested in the charge, the
company may carry on business in the ordinary way.

77 In determining whether rights conferred should be characterised as floating
charges, the Court of Appeal in Diablo articulated a two-step approach. First,
identify the rights conferred under the security and second, determine the
appropriate legal characterisation of these rights (at [57]). The court should
place emphasis on the substance of the security, rather than the form. A
floating charge may be created without express reference to the expressions
“present or future property” or “undertaking” (citing Re Lin Securities (Pte)
Ltd; Chi Man Kwong Peter and others v Asia Commercial Bank and others [1988] 1
SLR(R) 220 at [24]). On the facts, the Court of Appeal accepted that cl 18
created a floating charge (at [58]). The equitable assignment of security
under cl 18 was not absolute and the Company was free to deal with the sub-
freights for its own business operations prior to the Owner giving notice of
its exercise of the lien. Since the lien had not been registered, it was void
against the Company’s liquidators and creditors.

78 In this case, cl 20 simply provides for a right of lien and retention over
products stored by IBRIS with the defendant. This is complemented by the right
of disposal under cl 22. In contrast with the case of Diablo, cl 20
contemplates the defendant exercising its rights of control over products
already in its possession. Unlike a floating charge, the defendant would not
be able to exercise its security interest over the products unless they were
already stored in the tanks at the Banyan Terminal.

79 The nature of the defendant’s interest is more akin to the lien in Great
Eastern Railway Company v Lord’s Trustee [1909] AC 109 (“Great Eastern
Railway”). That case involved a coal merchant (“Lord”) who opened a credit
account with a railway company by way of a “ledger agreement” for the carriage
of his coal. The relevant clause of the ledger agreement provided the railway
company with:

…a continual lien upon all waggons, goods, minerals, articles and things
hauled or conveyed on their lines, or which shall be at any time upon the
railway or upon any ground allotted by or rented of the company for all tolls,
rates, charges and moneys which shall be or become due or payable to the
company…and the company to be at liberty from time to time and in such manner
as they shall think fit, to sell and dispose of all or any of such waggons,
goods, minerals, articles and things in order to satisfy any such lien.
[emphasis added]

Lord fell into arrears and the railway company closed the credit account. It
also shut the gates of its yard, preventing Lord from removing coal on his
allotments. The dispute before the House of Lords concerned the nature of the
railway company’s interest. The railway company argued that the ledger
agreement was not void for registration as a bill of sale; its interest “was
not an equitable right to take possession, but a common law right to retain a
possession with which they had never parted” [emphasis added] (at 111). The
House of Lords agreed. There was already possession at law and the ledger
agreement merely gave the railway company a right to retain, coupled with an
authority to sell, the coal in its yard (at 113, 115). It was inconsequential
that Lord had previously been able to enter the yard and freely remove coal
(at 112). While Lord may have retained possession in one sense, the railway
company’s right to the coal was not dormant (unlike the Owner’s right to sub-
freights in Diablo). Its lien was operative over the coal so long as it
remained in the yard (at 115).

80 Similarly, in our case, the PME cargo was subject to the defendant’s right
of lien only while stored at the Banyan Terminal and in its possession. While
IBRIS remained free to move the PME cargo out of Tank 1102 in the ordinary
course of business, the lien could be exercised by the defendant when the
contractually agreed conditions were triggered. This differentiates the
defendant’s interest from a floating charge which creates a security interest
in favour of the chargee over assets that may not even be in its possession,
and which some step has to be taken to crystallise the chargee’s proprietary
interest in or possessory right over the charged assets. In my view, a
possessory lien is conceptually quite distinct from a security interest
created by a floating charge.

81 With these observations in mind, I move on now to consider the defendant’s
purported exercise of the lien.

When could the defendant have exercised its right of lien?

82 On the plaintiff’s case, the date on which the defendant exercised its lien
is critical to the plaintiff’s remaining claim in conversion. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PCS, para 91.

If the defendant validly exercised its lien to retain the PME cargo before the
Storage Agreement was executed on 15 October 2014, then, according to the
plaintiff, its claim for conversion of the 21.30 metric tonnes of the PME
cargo delivered on 17 October 2014 would fail. The plaintiff argues that the
right of lien was not triggered and the defendant could not have exercised the
lien over the PME cargo until much later in November 2014. It premises this
argument on the language of cl 20 (see [10] above). The defendant’s right of
lien would only have been triggered if there had been an “insufficiency of
security”. Insufficiency is measured by whether BG1 had enough credit to pay
the amounts due and owing to the defendant, that is, its outstanding
liabilities. The BGs were not intended to cover future sums payable. This was
conceded by the defendant’s commercial manager, Ms Ong Saw Wah Susie (“Ms
Ong”). 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE, 16 April 2019, p 109, lines 12-16.

83 It is the plaintiff’s case that, as of 18 October 2014, there was still
about S$3.5m available to be drawn on BG1. This was more than sufficient to
cover the outstanding charges until the termination of the Service Agreement
on 29 November 2014. Ms Ong also accepted that, in a scenario where BG1 was
sufficient to cover a claim, a failure to provide BG2 would not trigger the
defendant’s right to “activate the lien”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE, 16 April 2019, p 121 line 19 to p 122 line 21.

The plaintiff contends that, at the very earliest, BG1 would only have become
potentially insufficient on 20 October 2014, when the defendant demanded
payment for an estimated amount due of S$16,151,272. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

PCS, para 240.

But, even then, the plaintiff argues that this estimated sum would only have
become due and payable on 29 November 2014. Cl 26.3 of the Service Agreement
states that, in the event of the Service Agreement’s termination, “any sum due
… or any sum expressly agreed to be payable … shall immediately become due and
payable”. The defendant therefore cannot assert that there was an actual
insufficiency of security until the Service Agreement was terminated on 29
November 2014.

84 On the other hand, the defendant argues that there would have been an
insufficiency of security, triggering its right to exercise the lien under cl
20, in any of three situations: 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

DCS, para 202.

(a) if IBRIS’s outstanding liabilities exceeded the amount of BG1;

(b) if IBRIS failed to furnish security in the form of BG1 and BG2 by the
contractually stipulated deadlines; or

(c) if IBRIS failed to maintain the amount of BG1 as required by cl 39.3.

85 Thus, according to the defendant, IBRIS’s failure to produce BG2 by its
extended deadline of 31 August 2014, amounted to insufficient security as of 1
September 2014. The right of lien under cl 20 would have been triggered and
the defendant was entitled to exercise this lien over the goods in its
possession or those which subsequently came into its possession. The
plaintiff’s interpretation of sufficient security, reflected at [83], is too
narrow and does not reflect the intentions of the parties at the time when the
Service Agreement was entered into. The defendant points to the wording of cl
20 which provides for a lien to secure “all … sums payable” to “discharge …
all liabilities”. This indicates that the lien was intended to cover even sums
which had yet to fall due under the Service Agreement.

86 The defendant points out that the right of lien was to ensure that the
defendant would have sufficient security for the entire duration of the
Service Agreement. This is supported by the original wording of cl 39.1 which
included the option of IBRIS providing a higher amount of security,
S$8,250,000, in exchange for the need to provide a bank guarantee under cl 20.
This also explains the context behind cl 39’s variation on 29 November 2012.
115

##### Foot Note 115

×

DCS, para 213.

On 11 September 2012, IBRIS provided a bank guarantee pursuant to cl 39.1(2)
for the sum of S$5,625,000 which was intended to last for the rest of the
Service Agreement, that is, up to July 2016. However, it transpired that this
bank guarantee was only valid for a period of seven months. IBRIS faced
difficulties in obtaining a bank guarantee to cover such a long period of
time. The defendant agreed to amend cl 39.1 such that IBRIS would provide BG1
and BG2. The modified arrangement was intended to ensure that IBRIS would be
able to supply security throughout the Service Agreement. IBRIS’ failure to
provide BG2 frustrated this objective. According to the defendant, adopting
the plaintiff’s interpretation of insufficiency would nullify IBRIS’
contractual obligations to provide BG2 on time. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

DRCS, para 87.

87 The defendant also argues that its correspondence with IBRIS showed that
IBRIS was also aware that the failure to provide BG2 would trigger the lien
under cl 20. On 22 May 2014, the defendant informed IBRIS of the impending
deadline for BG2 and added that a failure to provide BG2 would result in the
“product in the tanks [being] seized … due to [an] insufficiency of the BG”.
117

##### Foot Note 117

×

2AB 724.

This was not met with any objection by IBRIS. In any event, the defendant
submits that its right to exercise its lien would have arisen at the latest as
of 29 November 2014 pursuant to cl 2.3 read with cl 26.3(2) of the Service
Agreement.

88 In my judgment, on a proper interpretation of the relevant terms, there was
only an insufficiency of security on 29 November 2014, which is when the
Service Agreement was terminated. There is no suggestion from the clear and
unambiguous wording of cl 20 that the references to the sums payable and
liabilities owed by IBRIS were meant to refer to existing and future
obligations. The defendant’s reference to the underlying commercial intent of
having two bank guarantees instead of one is relevant because it shows the
underlying contextual background, but it does not clearly show that parties
would have considered the defendant to have insufficient security once BG2 was
not provided by the contractual deadline of 29 May 2014, if there continued to
be enough credit on BG1.

89 When IBRIS failed to provide BG2 in accordance with the timeline set out
under cl 39, the defendant gave IBRIS extensions of time to provide adequate
security. It did not immediately exercise the lien but only informed IBRIS
that the continued failure to provide security would lead to such an
eventuality. At that time, BG1 was still valid. The parties’ conduct suggests
that the defendant believed that BG1 was sufficient security pending the
receipt of BG2. As conceded by Ms Ong, IBRIS’s liabilities had not then
exceeded the outstanding value on BG1. Thus, there would have been less
urgency for the defendant to have required BG2 to be delivered immediately.

90 Ms Ong’s evidence also made it clear that the letter sent on 20 October
2014 quantifying the sums owed by IBRIS was only an estimate of the amounts
that would become due from IBRIS. A confirmed figure was to follow. On the
evidence before me, I find that there was no debt due from IBRIS at that point
of time that exceeded BG1, which would render it insufficient. It was only
upon the termination of the Service Agreement that all of IBRIS’s obligations
became due and owing, including the accelerated payments which would have been
due up to July 2016. It was at this point that BG1 would have clearly been
insufficient to cover the sums owed to the defendant. It was only then that
the defendant have been able to exercise its lien under cl 20.

91 I should add that this appears consistent with the evidence that
surprisingly emerged only during the cross-examination of Ms Ong that IBRIS
had been permitted to discharge about 9,500 metric tonnes of a biodiesel
product from Tank 1104 on 14 September 2014 and about 4,300 metric tonnes of
another biodiesel product from Tank 1106 on 25 October 2014. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE, 16 April 2019, pp 45-47.

While Ms Ong claimed that such discharges of stored products from the tanks
were commercial decisions made by the defendant, there was no documentary
evidence produced the defendant which supported this assertion. As such, on
the evidence, I find that the defendant’s own conduct suggests that it was
aware that its lien over the products stored by the defendant in the tanks at
the Banyan Terminal would not arise until the termination of the Service
Agreement on 29 November 2014.

Notice of exercise

92 Another area of dispute is whether the defendant was required to give
notice of the exercise of its lien. According to the plaintiff’s case, this is
relevant to whether the defendant had exercised its right of lien over the PME
cargo in its possession before the Storage Agreement was executed on 15
October 2014. The plaintiff submits that the defendant was obliged to give
prior notice of its exercise and relies on the post-contractual conduct of the
defendant to support this point. On 25 July 2014, the defendant gave express
notice to IBRIS as to the potential exercise of its lien. This letter was sent
by Mr Gilbert Liu (“Mr Liu”), the defendant’s regional legal counsel. This was
followed by the express “de-activation” of the lien on 30 July 2014.
Subsequently, in its email on 12 September 2014, the defendant clearly
informed IBRIS that it was considering the “activation” of the lien. According
to the plaintiff, these examples suggest that the defendant recognised the
necessity of giving notice and that there was a common understanding between
the parties on this point.

93 The plaintiff submits that this is also in line with commercial reasoning.
It would be unrealistic for IBRIS to have a lien sprung on it without notice.
Ms Ong accepted that it was “reasonable and commercially necessary for [the
defendant] to give notice [to IBRIS]”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE, 17 April 2019, p 16, lines 16-21.

The plaintiff adds that, even if the Service Agreement is silent as to whether
notice was required, it was an implied term that the defendant would exercise
the lien by giving prior written notice to IBRIS. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PCS, para 263.

Given that the defendant did not give prior notice of the exercise of its
lien, IBRIS was able to pass back title to the plaintiff via the Storage
Agreement executed on 15 October 2014.

94 In response, the defendant argues that there is no express provision under
the Service Agreement requiring the defendant to provide notice of the
exercise of its lien. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DCS, para 239; DRCS, para 122.

The plaintiff’s interpretation is not supported by a plain and ordinary
reading of cl(l) 20 and 39. The wording of cl 20 provides that it is only
triggered by the insufficiency of security or if the security provided is
invalid. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

DCS, para 240.

No other explicit conditions are attached. This is unlike other provisions in
the Service Agreement. One example is cl 2.3 which expressly states that the
contracting parties may terminate the agreement by giving not less than three
months’ notice, which was then later varied by the parties to 45 days. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

1AB 125, 218.

The plaintiff’s reliance on post-contractual correspondence between IBRIS and
the defendant to demonstrate that notice was required is tantamount to
rewriting the contract. The defendant wrote to IBRIS in July and September not
because it felt compelled to give notice but only out of goodwill. It notified
IBRIS of the consequences if it failed to provide BG2 only out of courtesy.
124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE, 17 April 2019, p 11, lines 9-19.

This does not mean a requirement of notice should be implied into the wording
of the Service Agreement.

95 I have already outlined the general approach towards contractual
interpretation (see [64] above). Nevertheless, it is helpful to highlight the
specific guidance by the Court of Appeal in respect of the admissibility of
post-contractual conduct. This was a point directly addressed in Zurich
Insurance at [132(d)]. The Court held that there is no “absolute or rigid
prohibition” against its admissibility. However, in the normal case, it is
likely that evidence of prior negotiations and subsequent conduct would not be
relevant, reasonably available to the contracting parties or relate to a clear
obvious context, rendering it inadmissible. The position in Zurich Insurance
was summarised by the Court in its subsequent decision, Sports Connection Pte
Ltd v Deuter Sports GmbH [2009] 3 SLR(R) 883 (“Sports Connection”) at [70].
Evidence of post-contractual conduct is likely to be inadmissible where:

a party attempts to trawl through evidence in an attempt to favour its
subjective interpretations of the contract and/or where a party attempts to
persuade the court to adopt a different interpretation from that suggested by
the plain language of the contract in a situation where the context of the
contract concerned is not clear and obvious. [emphasis in original]

The Court in Sports Connection also reiterated the observation made in Zurich
Insurance that the relevance of subsequent conduct “remains a controversial
and evolving topic that will require more extensive scrutiny … at a more
appropriate juncture” (Zurich Insurance at [132(d)]; Sports Connection at
[71]).

96 On the point of implication of contractual terms, the Court of Appeal in
Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another appeal
[2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp Marine”) characterised the process of implying
terms as a means of giving effect to the presumed intentions of the parties by
filling gaps in the contract (at [93]). It also laid down a three step process
to determine when implication is necessary (at [101]):

(a) The court should first ascertain whether there is a gap in the contract
which can be remedied by implication. It will only be appropriate for the
court to imply a term where the parties did not contemplate that there would
be a gap at all. This is opposed to a situation where the parties contemplated
the unaddressed issue but chose not to provide a term for it or were unable to
agree on a term to resolve the issue.

(b) The court must then consider whether it is necessary in the business or
commercial sense to imply the term to give the contract efficacy – the
“business efficacy” test.

(c) Finally, the court has to apply the “official bystander” test. The
suggested term must have been so obvious to the parties that if it had been
suggested at the time of contracting, they would have agreed to such a term
immediately.

The “business efficacy” test and the “official bystander” test are to be used
in conjunction and complementarily. The implied term should also be
reasonable, equitable, capable of clear expression and must not contradict any
express term of the contract (at [98]). Terms are not to be implied into
contracts lightly, it must be done only when it is necessary to do so (at
[98], [100]).

97 I am persuaded that the post-contractual of the defendant is relevant in
determining whether cl 20 required the defendant to give notice that it was
exercising its lien. Zurich Insurance and Sports Connection highlight that the
relevance of post-contractual conduct remains a contentious area of law. This
point was more recently restated by the Court of Appeal in Simpson Marine
(SEA) Pte Ltd v Jaicipto Jiaravanon [2019] 1 SLR 696 at [78]. The courts are
not foreclosed from considering such evidence although a decision either way
is likely to be fact specific. One example of where conduct was relevant is
set out in the Court of Appeal’s decision in Ngee Ann Development Pte Ltd v
Takashimaya Singapore Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 627, a case cited by the plaintiff in
its submissions.

98 Ngee Ann Development commenced proceedings against Takashimaya, the lessor
of commercial space in the shopping centre, Ngee Ann City. The parties’
dispute concerned the method of valuation of the space being leased by
Takashimaya. Prior to the commencement of proceedings, parties had agreed to
conduct two rent reviews in 2003 and 2008. The objective of these reviews was
to determine the prevailing market value. The new rent would then be
calculated based on this figure. The Court found that the rent reviews agreed
upon by the parties were relevant in determining the parties’ understanding of
how valuation was to be carried out. The reviews provided a “useful and
contemporaneous analogue to the present situation, … they provide an insight
into the parties’ understanding of how the ‘prevailing market value’ of the
Demised Premises has been and is to be determined moving forward” (at [86]).

99 The wording of cl 20 is silent on notice. It provides that the defendant
“shall have a right of lien” but does not specify whether a requirement of
notice is attached to this right. In such circumstances, it is helpful to
consider the post-contractual dealings of the parties, particularly since
IBRIS failed to supply security on multiple occasions. The defendant’s
correspondence with IBRIS previews what it would have done if it were about to
exercise its right of lien. That being said, the language used by the
defendant in this correspondence does not indicate that it regarded itself as
being under an obligation of giving formal written notice before it could
exercise its lien. The letter sent by Mr Liu on 25 July 2014 informed IBRIS
that the defendant had no choice “but to exercise the right of lien under the
Service Agreement”. This suggests that the defendant was merely communicating
its intended course of action to IBRIS, rather than providing it with formal
notice. Similarly, the objective of the email dated 12 September 2014 was to
inform IBRIS that the lien could be exercised if BG2 was not submitted. There
is no reference to a notice period. When analysed from this perspective, the
defendant’s conduct does not point to a requirement of notice.

100 While the plaintiff argues that there are good commercial reasons why the
defendant should have given notice, there are also commercial considerations
as to why notice does not need to be given. By providing IBRIS with reasonable
notice as to when the lien would be exercised, IBRIS would have had the
opportunity to remove the PME cargo from Tank 1102 and circumvent the effects
of cl 20. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Ong’s supplementary AEIC, para 5.

101 I also find that no requirement of notice should be implied into cl 20.
Sembcorp Marine articulates the high threshold parties have to meet before the
court will consider contractual implication of terms. In my view, this
threshold has not been met. IBRIS and the defendant were commercial parties
and it is fair to assume that the unqualified provision of a “right of lien”
in cl 20 was intentional. I do not think that it is necessary to imply a
requirement of notice to give the Service Agreement business efficacy. Quite
the contrary, if the defendant was required to give prior written notice
before the lien can be exercised, it might defeat the whole purpose of having
a lien because IBRIS could simply remove its products that are stored in the
tanks.

102 Operationally, it also makes no sense for the defendant to be required to
give advance notice before it can exercise its lien over any stored products.
This is because a customer already has to give the defendant seven to ten
days’ notice of its intention to remove any products stored in the tanks. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE, 17 April 2019, p 12, lines 8-12.

The defendant then simply has to decide, if its right of lien has already
arisen, whether to comply with such instructions for the removal of the stored
products. Its act of refusal to comply with any such instruction is the
exercise of its lien.

103 For these reasons set out above, I do not accept that the plaintiff’s
submission that the defendant was required to give clear and express notice of
the exercise of its lien.

Time of exercise

104 This issue of the time when the lien was exercised can be dealt with
shortly.

105 The defendant’s position is that it informed IBRIS of its intention to
retain possession of the PME cargo in Tank 1102 in its email sent on 12
September 2014. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

1AB 40.

By retaining possession thereafter, this amounted to an exercise of the
defendant’s lien over each batch of PME upon its delivery to the Banyan
Terminal up until the point of disposal. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

DCS, para 235.

106 The wording of the 12 September email does not support the defendant’s
assertions. All that was communicated to the IBRIS was the possibility that
the defendant might “activate” its lien if BG2 was not supplied. This does not
amount to a communication that the defendant was intending to retain
possession of the PME cargo. It was only a possibility, contingent on whether
IBRIS complied with the defendant’s instructions. This does not amount to an
exercise of the lien. In any case, as I have found, the right of lien only
arose on 29 November 2014 and the defendant would not have been able to
validly exercise it prior to that date. I find that the defendant could have
exercised its right of lien upon the termination of the Service Agreement on
29 November 2014, at the same time when the right arose. As I have found
above, no prior notice of any exercise was required from the defendant.

107 I should add that the act of the defendant refusing to take any
instructions from IBRIS, if such had been given, for the removal of the PME
cargo would have been an exercise of its contractual lien. In this case, there
was no evidence that there was any attempt by IBRIS to remove the PME cargo.
The instructions instead came from the plaintiff, via its solicitor’s letter,
asserting its right to possession of the PME cargo in its letter of 16
February 2015. By then, the defendant’s right of lien had arisen and its
refusal to comply with the letter was an exercise of its lien over the PME
cargo.

What if the plaintiff held title to the PME?

108 Finally, I consider whether the foregoing analysis would differ if the
plaintiff, as opposed to IBRIS, had held title to the PME cargo at the time
when the defendant’s right to exercise its lien arose. This analysis is in any
event necessary since I have found that the plaintiff retained title to 21.30
metric tonnes of the PME delivered on 17 October 2014 after the execution of
the Storage Agreement. The defendant argues that its lien could still be
validly exercised over the PME cargo because the plaintiff consented to and
authorised the storage of the PME cargo at the Banyan Terminal. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

DCS, para 121.

More specifically, the defendant argues that IBRIS had implied actual
authority or apparent authority to do so. Counsel for the plaintiff raised
concerns at the hearing that this argument had not been pleaded by the
defendant. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NE, 12 March 2019, p 22, lines 3-8.

I disagree. The defence and counterclaim makes several reference to the fact
that the plaintiff “authorised and consented to” IBRIS storing the PME cargo
with the defendant. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) para 28.

109 The law on agency is well established. For present purposes it is
sufficient to reiterate a few key principles. Actual authority refers to a
legal relationship generated by way of a consensual agreement between a
principal and his agent (Freeman & Lockyer (a firm) v Buckhurt Park Properties
(Mangal) Ltd and another [1965] 2 QB 480 (“Freeman & Lockyer”) at p 502). This
authority may either be express or implied, ie, it is inferred from the
conduct of the parties and the circumstances of the case. Apparent authority
refers to the legal relationship between the principal and a contractor
created by a representation by the former that his agent has authority to
enter on behalf of the principal into a contract (Freeman & Lockyer at p 503).
Although there is some disagreement over the theoretical basis for apparent
authority (Tan Cheng Han SC, The Law of Agency, (Singapore Academy of Law:
Academy Publishing, 2010) (“The Law of Agency”) at para [05.005]), the
predominant view is that a representation by the principal “operates as an
estoppel”: Freeman & Lockyer at p 503 (see also, Banque Nationale de Paris v
Tan Nancy and another [2001] 3 SLR(R) 726 at [68]). In the absence of
authority, a principal may still ratify his agent’s conduct either expressly
or impliedly. This may even be inferred by silence or inactivity (Eng Gee Seng
v Quek Choon Teck and others [2010] 1 SLR 241 at [35]).

110 Both parties have presented lengthy submissions on whether authority was
granted to IBRIS, and if it was not, whether the plaintiff ratified IBRIS’s
conduct, eg, its storage of the PME cargo at the Banyan Terminal. In tackling
these questions, I find it instructive to consider the case of Jowitt & Sons v
Union Cold Storage Company [1913] 3 KB 1 (“Jowitt & Sons”). British Standard
Produce Company Limited (“British Standard”) was in the meat and stored frozen
meat business. The plaintiffs financed British Standard’s business by paying
the purchase price for Australian frozen meat being imported into England.
They then reimbursed themselves out of the proceeds of bills of exchange
discounted by the Bank of Australasia. These bills had been drawn to the
bank’s order by the plaintiffs and accepted by British Standard. Bills of
lading for the meat were deposited with the bank as security that the bills of
exchange would be met. Upon the meat’s shipment to England, British Standard
placed it in the defendants’ cold store. The meat was to be delivered to the
bank’s order or against the bills of lading. An express term of the storage
agreement stipulated that:

Goods are only received subject to a general lien for all charges accrued and
accruing against the storer or for any other moneys due from the owners of the
goods, and if not removed after seven days notice has been given to the
storer, or sent by post to his last known address, may be sold to defray the
liens and all expenses incurred.

111 British Standard defaulted on the bills of exchange. The plaintiffs paid
the bank and, having obtained the bills of lading from the bank, presented
these to the defendant demanding delivery of the meat. The defendants refused,
purporting to exercise a lien over the meat for the storage charges due from
British Standard.

112 Scrutton J made several important findings. The bank knew that British
Standard had stored the meat with the defendants and that there would have
been a storage agreement between the parties. Importantly, it was not relevant
that the bank did not know the specific details of the storage agreement or
the precise wording of the clauses. It had to be assumed that the bank would
have been aware that the usual terms of the agreement included a general lien.
In authorising the storage of the meat with the defendants, the bank (and the
plaintiffs) were subject to the defendants’ lien.

113 This reasoning can be analogised with the present facts. The plaintiff was
aware that IBRIS was storing the PME cargo at the Banyan Terminal. It was not
necessary for the plaintiff to have been aware of the existence of cl 20 of
the Service Agreement or its precise terms. As a commercial party it should
have appreciated that a right of lien would have been present in the Service
Agreement. The plaintiff’s expert, Mr Nurtanio, gave evidence that it is in
fact industry practice that: 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Nurtanio’s AEIC, p 38; NE, 12 March 2019, p 51, lines 8-19.

…every storage agreement will incorporate some form of general lien. This
allows the storage provider to detain cargo for any amounts owed by the user
to the provider – even when these sums do not relate to the storage of the
particular cargo.

In accepting that the PME cargo would be stored at the Banyan Terminal, I find
that the plaintiff must have impliedly granted authority to IBRIS to grant
possession of the PME to the defendant on terms that would include a right of
lien. In fact, that must have been why the plaintiff and IBRIS came up with
the idea of the Storage Agreement. In my view, it was an attempt, albeit ill-
conceived, to circumvent any lien that the defendant had over the PME cargo.
Thus, I find that the PME cargo, even if it continued to be owned by the
plaintiff, would be subject to the contractual lien in the Service Agreement.
The upshot of this is that the defendant was entitled to exercise its lien
over the entirety of the PME cargo, including the delivery of 21.30 metric
tonnes to which the plaintiff retained title to by way of the execution of the
Storage Agreement, as I have found.

114 My findings above as to actual authority means that it is unnecessary for
me to come to any definitive conclusion on the issue of IBRIS’s apparent
authority. Here, the plaintiff raises the point that it never made any kind of
unequivocal representation to the defendant that IBRIS was the plaintiff’s
agent in respect of the PME cargo. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

PCS, para 351.

It never communicated in any way with the defendant prior to or when the PME
cargo was being transferred into Tank 1102. In fact, the defendant’s own
evidence is that it did not even know of the plaintiff’s existence, until the
plaintiff surfaced at the end of December 2014 to claim that it was the owner
of the PME cargo. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Ong’s AEIC, para 55.

Hence, an estoppel cannot arise, and in its absence, no apparent authority can
be found. These are forceful points. “There is no sufficient representation if
the representation flows from the agent rather than the principal; an agent
cannot make a representation as to his own authority” (The Law of Agency at
para [05.034]. See also, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banker AB (Publ), Singapore
Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another
appeal [2011] 3 SLR 540 (“Skandinaviska”) at [38]). Having said that, there
are certain circumstances where a party may be held liable as principal even
where no manifestation or representation as to the authority of another party
to act on its behalf has been made to a third party (Peter Watts & F M B
Reynolds, Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed, 2014 at
para [2-101]). What constitutes such circumstances remains uncertain (The
“Bunga Melati 5” [2016] 2 SLR 1114 (“The Bunga Melati”) at [8]). However, it
appears that, where there is a legal or equitable duty to make a disclosure,
communication or correction, silence or inaction may be taken as a valid
representation for the purposes of establishing a basis for estoppel (The
Bunga Melati at [14]). Here, there were certain aspects of the plaintiff’s
conduct that might have caused the defendant to form the belief that either
the PME cargo was owned by IBRIS or that IBRIS had the true owner’s authority
to store the PME cargo at the Banyan Terminal and subject it to the
defendant’s right of lien.

115 The plaintiff claimed to have title over the entirety of the PME cargo. As
I have found, it only retained title to the last batch of the PME cargo that
was delivered on 17 October 2014, that is, 21.30 metric tonnes. Be that as it
may, it is clear from the evidence that the plaintiff knew that the PME cargo
was being stored at the Banyan Terminal, which belonged to the defendant. The
plaintiff knew that the defendant would have charged IBRIS for such storage
services. Further, as I have found, the plaintiff must have known that the
defendant would have some form of lien over the stored products for unpaid
charges. Yet, despite its claim to ownership over the PME cargo, the plaintiff
remained silent and did not inform the defendant as soon as possible about its
position about title over the PME cargo. Neither is there any evidence before
me that the plaintiff had instructed IBRIS to inform the defendant of the
plaintiff’s ownership. If the defendant had been so informed, it could well
have refused to store the PME cargo until an agreement had been reached with
the plaintiff as to storage charges and its right of lien. After all, both the
plaintiff and defendant knew at the material time that IBRIS was in financial
difficulties.

116 In these rather specific circumstances, while I have not come to a firm
conclusion on this point, the facts do suggest that the plaintiff may be
estopped from denying the defendant’s right of lien over the PME cargo. This
is because the plaintiff had effectively constituted IBRIS as its bailee for
the specific purpose of storing, or continuing the storage of, the PME cargo
at the Banyan Terminal. The plaintiff then arguably had a “duty to speak” to
correct what it ought to have known would be the defendant’s wrong impression.
Its failure to do so led the defendant to believe it could exercise its lien
over the cargo.

The defendant’s counterclaim

117 The defendant argues that the plaintiff is liable for storage charges and
other expenses incurred (eg, cleaning and waste disposal fees) between 1
October 2014 and 6 June 2015. The particulars of its counterclaim are set out
at [37] above. The defendant’s position is that its entitlement to these sums
flows from the plaintiff’s authorisation to IBRIS to store the PME cargo at
the Banyan Terminal. Further, the defendant asserts that it has a claim in
unjust enrichment, the requirements of which are set out in Skandinaviska at
[110]. The plaintiff was unjustly enriched by storing the PME at the Banyan
Terminal at no cost. This was at the expense of the defendant, who was unable
to utilise Tank 1102 and its connecting tanks, Tanks 1104 and 1106, owing to
the “common system”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

DCS, paras 285-287.

118 In light of the fact that title passed to IBRIS for the PME delivered
prior to 15 October 2014 and, more importantly, because the defendant’s lien
operated over the PME cargo in its totality, I find that the plaintiff is not
liable for these amounts claimed. Assuming that the plaintiff still held
title, while IBRIS was impliedly conferred with authority to store the PME
cargo at the Banyan Terminal and to subject it to the defendant’s right of
lien until full payment of what IBRIS owed, it does not follow that the
plaintiff is bound to pay storage charges incurred by IBRIS. The defendant has
not shown that IBRIS had actual or apparent authority to bind the plaintiff to
an obligation to pay the storage charges in the Service Agreement to the
defendant. Furthermore, as pointed out by the plaintiff, the defendant has not
pleaded a claim in quantum meruit for charges in respect of its storage of the
PME cargo.

119 The defendant’s unjust enrichment argument is also untenable. The critical
point here is that the defendant is entitled to exercise its lien over the
whole of the PME cargo, which militates against any argument that the
plaintiff has been unjustly enriched. The submission about the “common system”
is also not supported by the evidence, which instead shows that the defendant
had the ability to “blind off” 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE, 15 March 2019, p 76, lines 11 to 12.

Tanks 1104 and 1106 and use them to store other products once the Service
Agreement had come to an end. I therefore find that there is no merit in the
counterclaim.

Conclusion

120 For the reasons above, I dismiss both the plaintiff’s claim and the
defendant’s counterclaim.

121 I will deal separately with the question of costs.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge

Eng Zixuan Edmund, Brinden Anandakumar and Chuah Hui Fen, Christine (Fullerton
Law Chambers LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Chew Kei-Jin, Tan Silin, Stephanie and Tay Shi-En, Hannah (Ascendant Legal
LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

