Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 08

Criminal Case No 11 of 2018

Between

Public Prosecutor

And

(1)| Aishamudin Bin Jamaludin  
---|---  
(2)| Mohammad Azli Bin Mohammad Salleh  
(3)| Roszaidi Bin Osman  
  
Grounds of Decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Aishamudin bin Jamaludin and others

[2019] SGHC 08

High Court — Criminal Case No 11 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
13-16 March, 11-14, 18-20 September 2018; 10 January 2019

21 January 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The three accused persons were jointly tried for offences under the Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). The first accused, Aishamudin Bin
Jamaludin (“Aishamudin”) claimed trial to a charge of trafficking two packets
containing not less than 32.54g of diamorphine, by delivering the packets to
the third accused, Roszaidi Bin Osman (“Roszaidi”), in furtherance of a common
intention with one Suhaizam Bin Khariri (“Suhaizam”), an offence under s
5(1)(a) of the MDA read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“Penal Code”). The second accused, Mohammad Azli Bin Mohammad Salleh
(“Azli”), claimed trial to a charge of abetment by intentionally aiding
Roszaidi to traffic two packets containing not less than 32.54g of
diamorphine, by driving Roszaidi to collect and subsequently deliver the two
packets, an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 12 of the MDA. Roszaidi
claimed trial to a charge of trafficking two packets containing not less than
32.54g of diamorphine, by giving the two packets to one Azidah Binte Zainal
(“Azidah”), an offence under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA. The offences for which all
three accused persons were charged were punishable under s 33(1) or s 33B of
the MDA.

2 Aishamudin and Suhaizam are both 34 year-old Malaysian nationals. They were
colleagues in a Malaysian company, Tiong Nam, where they worked as lorry
drivers. Roszaidi is a 47-year-old Singaporean. He is married to Azidah, a 32
year-old Singaporean. They were married since March 2015. Azli, a 26 year-old
Singaporean, was a friend of Roszaidi’s. Prior to his arrest, Azli was doing
freelance repair works for electronic equipment and audio-visual programming.

3 On the evening of 6 October 2015, officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau
(“CNB”) were deployed to Jurong West to look out for a lorry that was
suspected to be involved in drug activities. CNB officers spotted the lorry
and followed it as it made its way to Bulim Avenue. Aishamudin and Suhaizam
were in this lorry. A car then entered Bulim Avenue and stopped along the road
near the exit. This car was driven by Azli, with Roszaidi and another male,
one Muhammad Mirwazy Bin Adam (“Mirwazy”), as passengers. Both the lorry and
the car then left Bulim Avenue. The Prosecution accepts that Azli drove to
Bulim Avenue on the instructions of Roszaidi.

4 CNB officers began following both vehicles, which led to a series of arrests
of the accused persons in this trial and several others. They followed the car
as it made its way to a taxi-stand at JCube mall where Mirwazy alighted.
Mirwazy was subsequently arrested and other CNB officers continued to follow
the car. The car later stopped along Jurong West Street 91. Azidah was waiting
along the road with a yellow “Satin Skinz” paper bag. Roszaidi placed a
“Starmart” plastic bag inside the yellow “Satin Skinz” paper bag that Azidah
had brought down, and handed it back to her. He told her to bring it up to
their apartment. At the time, Roszaidi and Azidah were residing at an
apartment nearby. The car drove off and Azidah headed to the lift lobby of her
apartment block. She was arrested while waiting for the lift by CNB officers,
and the yellow “Satin Skinz” paper bag was seized.

5 Roszaidi alighted from Azli’s car, and shortly after Azidah’s arrest,
Roszaidi was also arrested. Azli, the last person in the car, was arrested in
a carpark a few minutes later, while he was still seated in the car.

6 On Azli’s arrest, the car was searched, and CNB recovered six packets of
methamphetamine. Although these packets of methamphetamine are not the subject
matter of this trial, the discovery of them in the car is of some relevance to
the present charges. Of the six packets of methamphetamine seized, three were
contained in a black pouch which was found on the floorboard in front of the
driver’s seat, two were contained in a plastic bag which was found on the
floorboard at the right of the driver’s seat, and one was found at the
floorboard of the front passenger seat. A plastic pouch containing a digital
weighing scale, empty pink envelopes, empty plastic packets and two glass
utensils was also found in the car.

7 While the arrests of those who had been in the car was taking place, other
CNB officers had followed the lorry. The lorry stopped at a cash-card top-up
booth along Jalan Ahmad Ibrahim, where Suhaizam alighted. CNB officers then
moved in and arrested Suhaizam near the cash-card top-up booth, and Aishamudin
in the front passenger seat of the lorry.

8 The yellow “Satin Skinz” paper bag that Azidah was carrying when she was
arrested contained the “Starmart” plastic bag that Roszaidi had placed inside
the former paper bag. The “Starmart” plastic bag in turn contained two packets
which contained no less than 32.54g of diamorphine. These were the subject
matter of this trial. It is the Prosecution’s case that the two packets of
diamorphine had been brought in from Malaysia to Singapore by Aishamudin and
Suhaizam. The day before the arrests were made, Suhaizam was tasked to deliver
cargo to Singapore. Aishamudin asked Suhaizam for a ride. Along the way,
Aishamudin informed Suhaizam that he was delivering diamorphine to someone in
Singapore, and promised Suhaizam a reward for helping him out. Together, they
made their way to Bulim Avenue, where they met with the car carrying Azli and
Roszaidi. Aishamudin passed a plastic bag containing the two packets of
diamorphine to Roszaidi at Bulim Avenue. Thereafter, Azli drove Roszaidi to
Jurong West Street 91. Along the way, Roszaidi repacked the two packets of
diamorphine from the red plastic bag to the “Starmart” plastic bag. At Jurong
West Street 91, Roszaidi passed the “Starmart” plastic bag containing the two
packets of diamorphine to Azidah. Azli’s role is one of an abettor by
intentionally aiding, as he aided Roszaidi’s delivery of the drugs to Azidah
by driving him to the collection point (Bulim Avenue), and from there to the
delivery point (Jurong West Street 91). The Prosecution relies on the
presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA to establish that all three accused persons
knew that the two packets contained diamorphine. Section 18(2) provides as
follows:

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

9 Suhaizam and Azidah are not involved in this trial as they have been dealt
with in separate proceedings. Suhaizam pleaded guilty to a charge of
trafficking diamorphine, in furtherance of the common intention with
Aishamudin, by delivering the two packets identified above to Roszaidi at
Bulim Avenue. The charge reflected that the amount of diamorphine contained in
the two packets identified above was not less than 14.99g. Suhaizam also
agreed to have a charge of trafficking not less than 249.67g of
methamphetamine taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. He was
sentenced to 25 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane, and his
subsequent appeal against sentence was dismissed.

10 Azidah also pleaded guilty to a similarly reduced charge for trafficking
not less than 14.99g of diamorphine. She also pleaded guilty to a further
charge of consuming methamphetamine, and agreed to have a charge of
trafficking not less than 166.44g of methamphetamine taken into consideration
for the purpose of sentencing. She was sentenced to 25 years’ imprisonment.

11 I will first deal with the case of Azli. The undisputed facts concerning
him were that he drove Roszaidi to Bulim Avenue and was told to look out for a
lorry. They spotted the lorry at Bulim Avenue, and Azli saw Roszaidi
collecting a plastic bag from the men in the lorry. He then drove Roszaidi to
meet Azidah at Jurong West St 91. After meeting her, Azli saw Azidah walking
away from the car with the plastic bag that Roszaidi had packed. It is obvious
that none of this evidence implicates Azli in a charge of abetting the
trafficking of diamorphine because the element of knowledge on his part has
not been proved.

12 The Prosecution relies on the undisputed evidence that Azli bought a
digital weighing scale for Roszaidi on the latter’s instructions. Azli also
had pink envelopes and empty plastic packets in his possession. He also
admitted to consuming methamphetamine. Methamphetamine was also found in his
car and he admitted that they were for his consumption. The car was rented by
Azli from one Amimnathlan Bin Rahmat, and he (Azli) was paid between $100 to
$200 by Roszaidi each time he drives for him. One important allegation
disputed by Azli is that he had an agreement with Roszaidi to drive him around
to collect drugs, and he also denies that he delivered diamorphine on 6
October 2015 on Roszaidi’s instructions.

13 The Prosecution submitted that on the above facts, “Azli had done an act
that facilitated Roszaidi [in collecting the drugs] from Aishamudin at Bulim
Avenue and to give the drugs to Azidah”. The alleged act of facilitating
Roszaidi’s crime was in “[driving] Roszaidi around to collect and deliver the
drugs [as charged]”. Furthermore, the Prosecution submitted that the
“presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA applied to Azli, as he was deemed to
have possession of the drugs by virtue of s 18(4) of the MDA”. Section 18(4)
of the MDA provides as follows:

(4) Where one of 2 or more persons with the knowledge and consent of the rest
has any controlled drug in his possession, it shall be deemed to be in the
possession of each and all of them.

14 Azli may be presumed to be jointly in possession of the drugs if he knew of
the drugs in Roszaidi’s possession, and had consented to Roszaidi having those
drugs. To invoke s 18(4) of the MDA as the Prosecution seeks to do, the
Prosecution must prove that Azli knew that Roszaidi had drugs in his
possession, and consented to them being in his possession. Although s 18(4)
may oblige this court to presume that Azli and Roszaidi were in joint
possession of the diamorphine, it does not presume that Azli had the knowledge
and consent that is necessary to invoke the presumption. Those facts must
first be proven by the Prosecution before the presumption in s 18(4) can
apply.

15 At this point, I will have to refer to the drugs as “drugs” and not
“diamorphine” because the evidence shows that Azli did not seem to care what
drugs he was helping Roszaidi traffic with. Both Azli and Roszaidi gave
conflicting and contradictory statements in relation to whether Azli knew that
Roszaidi was in possession of drugs.

16 Roszaidi’s cautioned statement declared that [Azli] “[was] only a driver”.
Yet Roszaidi’s subsequent statements indicated that Azli knew that he
(Roszaidi) would be transporting diamorphine, and that they had an agreement
for Azli to drive Roszaidi around to collect drugs. At trial, Roszaidi
testified that he made a mistake when he previously made statements to the
effect that Azli knew that he (Roszaidi) was collecting diamorphine, and that
he “knew what job I am doing”. I am not convinced by Roszaidi’s testimony at
trial, which appeared to be a belated attempt to absolve Azli of criminal
liability.

17 In his cautioned statement, Azli stated:

I thought yesterday was just a quick meet-up with [Roszaidi’s] friend to
collect ice and then go back. I did not know he was dealing in a large amount
of drugs.

Subsequent statements given by Azli indicated that he was “suspicious” that
Roszaidi was collecting drugs, and not methamphetamine or “ice” in particular.

18 On the whole, it is clear that Azli knew that Roszaidi was out to transport
drugs that evening, and had consented to Roszaidi bringing into his car drugs
of any nature when he (Azli) agreed to drive him (Roszaidi) around to collect
and deliver drugs. Azli’s claim that he thought Roszaidi was collecting only
methamphetamine is unsubstantiated. Furthermore, there is no evidence that
Azli had made any attempts at verifying or enquiring as to the nature of the
drugs that Roszaidi was transporting. As the nature of the drugs did not
matter to Azli, I find that he had the necessary knowledge and had given the
requisite consent to invoke the application of s 18(4) of the MDA. Therefore,
Azli is presumed to be in joint possession of the drugs trafficked by
Roszaidi, which in this case, was diamorphine. I am of the view that Azli did
not rebut this presumption.

19 Section 18(2) of the MDA in turn applies to deem Azli as having known the
nature of the drugs as diamorphine. I also see no basis on which he can rebut
this presumption. Azli’s unsupported assertion that he thought Roszaidi was
trafficking in methamphetamine is not sufficient to rebut this presumption.
Furthermore, Azli had the opportunity to verify or enquire about the nature of
the drugs, but deliberately declined to do so. In this case, there is no
evidence that allows me to find that Azli had good grounds not to enquire.

20 In view of the above, I am satisfied that Azli was abetting Roszaidi by
transporting Roszaidi and the diamorphine in his (Azli’s) car. For a charge of
abetment to be made out, the abettor must have the intention for the primary
offender (in this case Roszaidi) to carry out the conduct abetted (namely, to
traffic in diamorphine). Azli had the intention to aid Roszaidi to carry out
the trafficking of diamorphine, the nature of which he is presumed to know by
virtue of the presumptions in ss 18(2) and 18(4) of the MDA. I am therefore
satisfied that the charge against him has been proved, and I find him guilty
and sentence him to suffer death.

21 I next turn to the case against Roszaidi. Suhaizam drove the lorry with
Aishamudin in the passenger seat from Malaysia to Bulim Avenue in Singapore
where Aishamudin handed the plastic bag containing diamorphine to Roszaidi. I
am satisfied that it was Roszaidi who collected the diamorphine from
Aishamudin, and that he repacked the diamorphine in Azli’s car before handing
them to Azidah. Roszaidi denies any knowledge of what he had taken from
Aishamudin, or what he had handed to Azidah, but his testimony in court was
not consistent with his own statements, and he had no satisfactory explanation
in respect of the evidence of Aishamudin, Mirwazy, and Azli against him. With
the diamorphine in his possession, he was obliged to rebut the presumption
under law that he knew that he was in possession of diamorphine. His testimony
fails to free him from that presumption. I therefore find Roszaidi guilty as
charged and sentence him to suffer death.

22 Finally, I turn to the case against Aishamudin. Unlike Azli and Roszaidi,
who were both separately charged although for the same bag of diamorphine,
Aishamudin was charged with Suhaizam with having the common intention of
trafficking in that same bag of diamorphine. I shall set out in full the
charge against Suhaizam and Aishamudin.

23 The charge against Suhaizam reads as follows:

… on 6 October 2015 sometime before 10.00 p.m., in the vicinity of Bulim
Avenue, Singapore, together with one [Aishamudin], and in furtherance of the
common intention of you both, did traffic in a Class ‘A’ controlled drug
listed in the First Schedule to the [MDA], to wit, by delivering two (02)
packets containing not less than 921.50 grams of granular/powdery substance,
which was analysed and found to contain not less than 14.99 grams of
diamorphine, to one [Roszaidi], without authorisation under the [MDA] or the
Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under
section 5(1)(a) of the [MDA] read with section 34 of the [Penal Code], and
punishable under section 33(1) of the [MDA].

24 The charge against Aishamudin reads as follows:

… on 6 October 2015 sometime before 10.00 pm, in the vicinity of Bulim Avenue,
Singapore, together with one [Suhaizam], and in furtherance of the common
intention of you both, did traffic in a Class ‘A’ controlled drug listed in
the First Schedule to the [MDA], to wit, by delivering two (02) packets
containing not less than 921.50 grams of granular/powdery substance, which was
analysed and found to contain not less than 32.54 grams of diamorphine, to one
[Roszaidi], without authorisation under the [MDA] or the Regulations made
thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 5(1)(a) of
the [MDA] read with section 34 of the [Penal Code], and punishable under
section 33(1) or section 33B of the [MDA].

25 The charge against Suhaizam refers to the bag as containing diamorphine
analysed to contain not less than 14.99g of diamorphine, whereas the charge
against Aishamudin refers to the bag as containing not less than 32.54g of
diamorphine. The Prosecution submitted that the difference was due to the
Public Prosecutor exercising his prosecutorial discretion.

26 The Public Prosecutor has an absolute discretion to prosecute an accused
for a lower offence than another accused on similar and related facts. In this
case, Aishamudin can only be said to be trafficking in not less than 32.54g of
the drugs seized if he is charged with the common intention with Suhaizam to
do so. The corresponding charge of Suhaizam refers to not less than 14.99g of
diamorphine. The two men cannot have the common intention if they intended to
traffic in different amounts. Logically, one can say that the larger amount of
Aishamudin includes the lower amount of Suhaizam, but the lower amount of
Suhaizam cannot possibly include the larger amount of Aishamudin. Let us
examine this argument further.

27 Assume the situation of two men, A and B, who formed a common intention to
steal a bag of money amounting to $500. They are caught and the bag of money
is seized. They may be charged with the common intention of stealing a bag
containing $500, or they may be charged with the common intention of stealing
a lower, but same amount. A cannot be charged for having the common intention
of stealing not less than $100 with B, when B is charged with having a common
intention with A to steal not less than $500. The logic seems skewed, the math
does not add up.

28 The facts and the charges against Aishamudin and Suhaizam are not the same
as those in Chan Heng Kong and another v PP [2002] SGCA 18 (“Chan Heng Kong”).
In that case, Sng was convicted of a capital offence for abetting the
principal offender, Choong Peng, to be in possession of drugs for the purpose
of trafficking. The key was the weight of the drugs that each was charged for.
Choong Peng was charged and convicted of a lesser amount, and thus spared the
death penalty, but Sng was charged for abetting Choong Peng to be in
possession for the purpose of trafficking the full amount. The Court of Appeal
held that there was nothing wrong with Sng’s charge. The result in Chan Heng
Kong may be logically justified but I am not sure if that was the best way to
analyse that case. Although it bears some ostensible similarities with
Aishamudin, it does not concern s 34 of the Penal Code and that, in my view,
is a critical difference.

29 In this case, Suhaizam and Aishamudin may have the common intention to
traffic but the common intention must correlate to the same amount of
diamorphine. Suhaizam’s case is already done and dusted. He had pleaded guilty
before another court and sentenced to 25 years’ imprisonment with effect from
8 October 2015 and 15 strokes of the cane. I am therefore of the view that it
is out of the question to have Suhaizam retried for having the common
intention with Aishamudin to traffic in 32.54g of diamorphine; but I can, and
do hereby amend the charge against Aishamudin by replacing the quantity of
diamorphine stated as not less than 32.54g to not less than 14.99g.

30 I am satisfied that Aishamudin delivered the red plastic bag containing
diamorphine to Roszaidi. Aishamudin claimed that the red plastic bag contained
only methamphetamine, but his testimony in court was not consistent with his
own statements, and he has no satisfactory explanation in respect of the
evidence of Suhaizam and Roszaidi against him. With the diamorphine in his
possession, he failed to rebut the presumption that he knew that he was in
possession of diamorphine. I find that he had the common intention with
Suhaizam to traffic not less than 14.99g of diamorphine by delivering it to
Roszaidi. I find him guilty on the charge as amended and convict him
accordingly. I am also sentencing him to the same mandatory sentence that was
imposed on Suhaizam, namely 25 years’ imprisonment with effect from the date
of his (Aishamudin) remand, 8 October 2015, and 15 strokes of the cane.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Shahla Iqbal, Lim Jian Yi and Soh Weiqi (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Public Prosecutor;  
Hassan Esa Almenoar (R. Ramason & Almenoar) and Diana Foo (Tan See Swan & Co)
for the first accused;  
Mervyn Cheong Jun Ming (Advocatus Law LLP), Daniel Chia Hsiung Wen and Ker
Yanguang (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the second accused;  
Singa Retnam (I.R.B. Law LLP), Terence Tan Li-Chern (Robertson Chambers LLC)
and Subir Singh Grewal (Aequitas Law LLP) for the third accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

