Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

IN THE FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2019] SGHCF 27

Divorce (Transferred) No 3131 of 2016

Between

|  UZO  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| UZP  
---|---  
(2)| UZQ  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]  
[Family Law] — [Maintenance] — [Children]

[Family Law] — [Maintenance] — [Wife]  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UZO

  

v

  

UZP and another

[2019] SGHCF 27

High Court (Family Division) — Divorce (Transferred) No 3131 of 2016  
Tan Puay Boon JC  

19 December 2019 Judgment reserved.

Tan Puay Boon JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff wife (“the Wife”) and the defendant husband (“the Husband”)
were married on 20 May 1998. There are three children to the marriage (“the
Children”).

2 The Wife filed a writ for divorce on 30 June 2016 and the Husband filed a
defence and counterclaim on 29 July 2016. Interim judgment (“IJ”) was granted
on an uncontested basis on 7 February 2017, on the grounds that the Husband
committed adultery and the Wife finds it intolerable to live with him.

3 The matters that lie for determination are the division of matrimonial
assets, maintenance for the Children and the Wife, and costs.

Facts

4 The Wife, currently aged 43 years old, is employed as a clerk. The Husband,
currently aged 45 years old, is a businessman and a director and shareholder
of various companies.

5 The Children to the marriage were born in 2000, 2001 and 2004, and are 19,
18 and 15 years old this year. It is agreed between the parties that they
shall have joint custody of the Children. The Wife is to have care and control
of them and the Husband is to have reasonable access to them. Two of the
Children are currently pursuing their education overseas. The Husband solely
contributes to their school fees. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Husband’s 2nd affidavit of assets and means dated 5 April 2018 (“Husband’s 2nd
AAM”) at para 48.

6 The Husband was the primary breadwinner during the marriage, paying most of
the family’s household expenses. The Wife worked during the marriage, and took
primary responsibility for looking after the household and raising the
Children. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Wife’s 1st affidavit of assets and means dated 26 April 2017 (“Wife’s 1st
AAM”) at pp 11, 14; Husband’s 2nd AAM at para 38.

7 On 20 December 2016, the Wife was granted an interim maintenance order (viz,
Maintenance Order No 933 of 2016) (“the interim maintenance order”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Wife’s 2nd affidavit of assets and means dated 6 April 2018 (“Wife’s 2nd AAM”)
at p 80.

Under the interim maintenance order, the Husband was to pay her $300.00 per
month for the maintenance of each of their Children, with effect from 1
January 2017. The Husband was also to pay for certain categories of expenses
related to the Children’s education and upbringing.

8 A clause in the interim maintenance order further provided that the Wife
would commence employment at [CE] Pte Ltd, a company owned by the Husband,
with effect from 3 January 2017, and that she would be paid a monthly salary
of $4,000.00. According to the Wife, the Husband failed to pay her salary from
August 2017 onwards. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Wife’s 2nd AAM at para 32.

I will discuss this allegation below at [92].

Division of matrimonial assets

9 I first consider the division of the parties’ matrimonial assets under s 112
of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Women’s Charter”).

10 The parties accepted that the global assessment methodology should be used
to determine the appropriate division ratio of their matrimonial assets. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 8 February 2019 at p 1.

This methodology comprises four distinct phases: identification and pooling of
the matrimonial assets; assessment of the net value of the pool of assets;
determination of a just and equitable division of the assets; and
apportionment on the basis of the proportions of division: NK v NL [2007] 3
SLR(R) 743 at [31]. I consider each of these phases in turn.

Identification and assessment of the net value of the matrimonial assets

11 As a general position, all matrimonial assets and liabilities should be
identified as at the time of the IJ (“IJ date”), ie, 7 February 2017, and
valued at the time of the ancillary matters hearing (“the AM date”), ie, 8
February 2019. The balances in the bank and Central Provident Fund (“CPF”)
accounts are to be taken at the time of the IJ, as the matrimonial assets are
the moneys and not the bank and CPF accounts themselves.

12 In general, the available values as close to the AM date as possible will
be used for the other assets. Nevertheless, in this decision, I adopt the
values which the parties specifically agreed to use for the relevant assets or
liabilities, as reflected in the updated joint summary of relevant information
filed 7 January 2019 (marked as “JSRI”). Where it is unclear what the parties’
agreed positions were, I adopt the values supported by the available
documentary evidence.

13 In this case, apart from the valuations of the parties’ former matrimonial
home (“the HDB Flat”), the matrimonial home (“the Private Property”) and the
Husband’s shares in various companies, the parties generally agreed on the
identity and value of the matrimonial assets and liabilities. I also find that
their position on the balance in the Husband’s DBS Savings Account No -4947
was unclear. I will first discuss these assets before summarising the parties’
positions on the remaining matrimonial assets and liabilities.

Matrimonial assets with disputed values

(1) The HDB Flat in the parties’ joint names

14 The parties agreed that the HDB Flat was not subject to any liabilities. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NE 8 February 2019 at p 4; Wife’s skeletal submissions (amended 8th February
2019) (“WSS (amended)”) at para 60.

The Wife initially submitted that its gross valuation was $598,000.00. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

WSS (amended) at para 60.

At the ancillary matters hearing (“AM hearing”) on 8 February 2019, she agreed
to the Husband’s updated valuation (dated 14 September 2018) of $530,000.00. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE 8 February 2019 at p 3; Husband’s affidavit dated 12 February 2019 at p 19.

I adopt the Husband’s valuation as it is the valuation closest to the AM date
and is supported by a formal valuation report.

(2) The Private Property in the Wife’s name

15 Likewise, the Wife initially submitted that the Private Property had a
gross value of $2.4m, but later accepted the Husband’s gross valuation (dated
14 September 2018) of $2.7m. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

WSS (amended) at para 58; NE 8 February 2019 at p 3; Husband’s affidavit dated
12 February 2019 at p 8.

I adopt this value as it is the valuation closest to the AM date that is
supported by a formal valuation report. The net value of the Private Property
is $1,379,023.41, derived by deducting the outstanding mortgage loan value
closest to the AM date (viz, $1,320,976.59 as at 31 December 2018) 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE 10 April 2019 at p 3; Wife’s affidavit dated 22 February 2019 at p 7.

from the agreed gross value of $2.7m.

(3) The shares in the Husband’s name

16 The Husband holds shares in six companies: [ER] Pte Ltd; [GAE] Pte Ltd;
[IIH] Pte Ltd; [CE] Pte Ltd; [AMI] Pte Ltd; and [AT] Pte Ltd (collectively,
“the six companies”). His valuation of his shares was based on a joint
valuation report dated 20 July 2018 (“the Joint Valuation Report”). This
Report was prepared by DHA+ pac (“DHA+”), an accounting firm that the Husband
engaged to conduct a joint valuation for the parties. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See Don Ho Mun-Tuke’s affidavit dated 20 July 2018 at para 5 and p 75.

17 The Wife did not challenge the Joint Valuation Report. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

JSRI at p 6; NE 10 April 2019 at p 2.

However, she submitted that an adverse inference should be drawn against the
Husband for his failure to make full and frank disclosure of his assets as the
Joint Valuation Report relied on “unaudited Financial Statements and unaudited
Balance Sheet and Profit & Loss statements” [emphasis in original]. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

WSS (amended) at paras 19–20; NE 8 February 2019 at p 4; NE 10 April 2019 at p
2.

18 The Wife first filed an application in Family Court Summons No 3017 of 2018
(“FC/SUM 3017/2018”) on 23 August 2018, after the Joint Valuation Report was
completed, for the Husband to disclose, inter alia, his correspondence with
DHA+ and the financial data and documents that he furnished to DHA+. The
Family Court allowed the Wife’s application in relation to five of the six
companies. Disclosure was not ordered in respect of the documents of [CE] Pte
Ltd, where the Wife is a director.

19 The Family Court in FC/SUM 3017/2018 followed the reasoning of the High
Court in ACW v ACX [2014] SGHC 53. In that case, the High Court upheld the
deputy registrar’s order for the husband to produce documents pertaining to
the valuation of the [X] group of companies. The husband had put forth a
valuation report on the companies as evidence. While he was not bound to do
so, having done so, it would be relevant and necessary for the companies’
instructions to the valuer to be disclosed, as this would provide the court
with a proper understanding of the valuation report: at [40].

20 I heard and dismissed the Husband’s appeal against the Family Court’s
decision in FC/SUM 3017/2018 in High Court (Family Division) Registrar’s
Appeal No 21 of 2018 (“HCF/RAS 21/2018”) on 9 November 2018.

21 The Wife submitted at the AM hearing that the Husband only complied with
the discovery order a day before the AM hearing, whereupon he produced
documents that collectively numbered over a thousand pages. She opted not to
collect or review these documents. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE 8 February 2019 at pp 1–2.

22 The Husband submitted that the Wife was not entitled to argue that an
adverse inference should be drawn and that this submission contradicted her
acceptance of the Joint Valuation Report. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE 10 April 2019 at p 5.

He relied on the cases Evergreat Construction Co Pte Ltd v Presscrete
Engineering Pte Ltd [2006] 1 SLR(R) 634 (“Evergreat”) and Quek Kwee Kee
Victoria (in her personal capacity and as executor of the state of Quek Kiat
Siong, deceased) and another v Quek Khuay Chuah [2014] 4 SLR 1 (“Victoria
Quek”) for the proposition that parties who have jointly appointed an expert
to adjudicate on a particular matter can only challenge that expert’s
determination on the grounds of fraud or collusion. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Husband’s supplemental submissions dated 10 January 2019 (“HSS”) at paras 5–7;
NE 10 April 2019 at p 5.

23 I first observe that neither Evergreat and Victoria Quek concerned joint
valuations in the family law context. In both cases, the joint valuations were
conducted as part of settlement agreements which the parties had entered into.
In Evergreat, the plaintiff and defendant agreed on the second day of trial to
resolve their differences by referring all pending claims to an independent
assessor pursuant to a consent order: at [4]–[5]. In dismissing the
plaintiff’s application to set the independent assessor’s award aside, the
High Court reasoned that the plaintiff was not entitled to rewrite its
contractual bargain with the defendant. This was especially so as the
plaintiff had acted in “outright and contumacious disdain” for the assessment
process, the independent assessor’s directives, and the parties’ agreement
apropos the modalities for dispute resolution: at [22]–[29]. The High Court
explained at [27] and [29]:

27 Given its client’s contumacious conduct, plaintiff’s counsel was unable to
coherently articulate why and/or how the court could or should allow the
plaintiff a second bite at the cherry on the merits. In particular, he was
unable to develop any rational argument as to how the plaintiff could
conceivably obviate the Consent Order that the [independent assessor’s]
decision and findings on all issues of procedure, liability and quantum are to
be final. The starting point for the modern statement on the law relating to
experts is to be found in Campbell v Edwards [1976] 1WLR 403, where Lord
Denning MR opined at 407:

It is simply the law of contract. If two persons agree that the price of
property should be fixed by [an expert] on whom they agree, and he gives that
valuation honestly and in good faith, they are bound by it. Even if he has
made a mistake they are still bound by it. The reason is because they have
agreed to be bound by it. If there were fraud or collusion, of course, it
would be very different. Fraud or collusion unravels everything. [emphasis
added]

…

29 In the absence of fraud or any corrupt colouring of the [independent
assessor’s] determination, there is neither liberty nor latitude to interfere
with or rewrite the parties’ solemn and considered contractual bargain, … It
is quite inappropriate for a court to substitute its own view on the merits
when the parties have already agreed to rely on the expertise of an expert for
a final and irrevocable determination. … [E]ven if there were a discretionary
right to reopen the award, I would not exercise that option – given the wholly
inappropriate and cavalier conduct manifested by the plaintiff throughout the
assessment process.

[emphasis in original]

Similar reasoning was adopted in Victoria Quek. The High Court in that case
held that the parties had agreed that the price of property should be fixed by
a valuer and that such valuation would be final and binding: at [26]. The only
exception to the final and binding nature of such valuation would be if it
arose from collusion or was fraudulent or manifestly erroneous: at [33].

24 The present case is distinguishable from Evergreat in two respects.

25 First, the parties did not agree to the joint valuation as part of a freely
negotiated agreement between them. As such, I take the view that the
contractual reasoning adopted in Evergreat (and Victoria Quek) applies with
less force here. To trace the genesis of the parties’ appointment of DHA+ as
joint valuer, the Wife expressed concerns about the Husband’s valuation of his
shares in the six companies as early as 19 May 2017. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE 19 May 2017.

The Husband indicated on 4 August 2017 that he would engage his “company
accountant” to value the shares, and provided this valuation to the Wife by 11
September 2017. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE 4 August 2017; NE 11 September 2017.

The Family Court ordered a joint valuation on 22 September 2017, which the
Husband did not comply with. The Family Court followed up with further
directions on 27 October 2017. As the Wife did not have the finances to
appoint a valuer and did not have access to or knowledge of the required
documents, the Family Court directed her to propose a list of three valuers
from which the Husband was to select one. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE 22 September 2017; NE 27 October 2017.

The Husband opted to engage DHA+ and liaised with it alone. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Don Ho Mun-Tuke’s affidavit dated 20 July 2018 at pp 79–102.

26 Second, unlike in Evergreat, there was no issue here as to the Wife’s
failure to comply with DHA+’s directions. The process of valuation was led and
managed by the Husband. Although the Wife’s solicitors asked the Husband’s
solicitors in a letter dated 13 November 2017 to be copied on any future
correspondence between the Husband and DHA+, the Wife claimed that her
solicitors only came to know around 6 July 2018 that the instructions to DHA+
were from the Husband alone. This was in spite of directions from the Family
Court that her solicitors could write to the Husband’s solicitors for updates
albeit not for regular updates. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Wife’s affidavit in FC/SUM 3017/2018 dated 23 August 2018 at paras 6–8; NE 13
November 2017.

27 In the light of the above, I do not consider that it necessarily follows
that the reasoning in Evergreat and Victoria Quek applies here such that the
Wife may only challenge the valuation report on the basis of fraud, collusion
or some other manifest error on the face of the valuation. However,
notwithstanding these considerations, I adopt the valuations in the Joint
Valuation Report, absent any alternative valuations before the court of the
Husband’s shares in the six companies. In any event, I find that the Wife’s
arguments do not demonstrate that the Husband failed to furnish relevant
documents to DHA+ that would have led to different valuations. Her mere
suspicion in the abstract is not sufficient to ground an adverse inference.
Nor has she attempted to argue that the valuation report cannot be relied upon
for any other reason, eg, that it is a product of fraud or collusion or is
manifestly erroneous: see the test in Victoria Quek at [33]. It is not in the
interests of fairness and justice to order a further valuation or to draw an
adverse inference against the Husband in these circumstances. Accordingly, I
accept the valuations of the Husband’s shares in the six companies.

28 For completeness, the Wife had included the Thomson Property and the
Alexandra Property in the matrimonial pool in her written submissions. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

WSS (amended) at p 12 S/N 13–14.

She accepted at the AM hearing that these were properties that had been
respectively purchased under [IIH] Pte Ltd and [AMI] Pte Ltd, and that they
would not be separately included as matrimonial assets as they were taken into
account in the valuation of the respective companies’ shares. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 10 April 2019 at p 2.

(4) DBS Savings Account No -4947 in the Husband’s name

29 The Husband did not take a consistent position in relation to the balance
in this account. In a letter to the court dated 24 May 2019 (discussed further
below at [38]), the Husband’s counsel referred to the balance in this account
to be $208.02; this was the account balance as at 28 February 2018. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Husband’s 2nd AAM at p 29.

In the circumstances, I take the balance in this account to be $3,266.92, the
figure which the Husband appeared to rely on in the JSRI and as reflected in
the bank statement dated 28 February 2017, as this was the balance closest to
the IJ date. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Husband’s 1st affidavit of assets and means dated 21 April 2017 (“Husband’s
1st AAM”) at p 48; cf JSRI at p 6; Husband’s submissions on the table of
matrimonial assets at p 6.

Adverse inference

30 The Wife submitted that an adverse inference should be drawn against the
Husband for his failure to make full and frank disclosure of his income and
assets. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

WSS (amended) at paras 27–29.

As the Court of Appeal noted in BOR v BOS and another appeal [2018] SGCA 78 at
[76], withdrawals that may legitimately be explained as genuine expenditures
on personal expenses, business or investments ought to be disregarded. I do
not agree with the Wife that the facts she relied upon establish a prima facie
case against the Husband, and decline to draw an adverse inference against
him. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

WSS (amended) at paras 41–50.

I address each of her contentions in turn.

31 First, the Wife submitted that the Husband’s stated monthly expenses of
$14,781.99 exceeded his declared income of $8,975.00. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

WSS (amended) at paras 30–32.

I do not place much weight on this discrepancy. His declared income was
supported by income tax statements, and I find his stated expenses to be rough
estimates by him.

32 Second, from 2014 to 2016, the Husband made unexplained deposits into UOB
Account No -5807, an account in the parties’ joint names. These deposits
amounted to $103,229.42. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

WSS (amended) at paras 33–34.

I do not consider that these deposits, which were made prior to the IJ date,
support an inference that the Husband failed to make full disclosure of his
income and assets. The Husband was a businessman who would have had to meet
the costs and expenses of his business activities. To this end, I accept his
explanation that the larger deposits were reimbursements from [CE] Pte Ltd for
payments that he made. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Husband’s written submissions dated 1 June 2018 (“HWS”) at paras 53–56;
Husband’s affidavit in response dated 21 May 2018 at paras 6–9.

I also accept his account that the deposit of $25,730.57 dated 4 January 2016
reflected a cheque deposit that the Wife made. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

HWS at para 56; Husband’s affidavit dated 25 May 2018 at p 9.

While he could not explain the smaller deposits that were made, this did not
give rise to a suspicion in itself. It was reasonable that he might have gaps
in his memory given that “parties to a functioning marriage do not keep
records of their transactions with a view to building a case should a divorce
occur”: TXW v TXX [2017] 4 SLR 799 at [46].

33 Third, the Wife submitted that the Husband failed to account for various
cash deposits in the range of $1,000.00–$45,000.00 that were made to DBS
Savings Account No -4947 in his name from August 2017 to December 2017. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

WSS (amended) at paras 35–36.

He did not appear to account for these deposits on affidavit or in his
submissions. However, even if these sums constituted his income, any income
earned after the IJ date of 7 February 2017 would not be included in the asset
pool. There was no indication that these deposits related to any undisclosed
income during the marriage.

34 Fourth, the Wife highlighted unexplained cash transactions that were
recorded in the Husband’s notebooks. These notebooks contained business
entries for [AMI] Pte Ltd. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

WSS (amended) at paras 37–39; Wife’s affidavit in FC/SUM 3017/2018 dated 23
August 2018 at paras 15–23.

She submitted that it was likely that [AMI] Pte Ltd’s business transactions
were made in cash and were not captured in the company’s financial statements.
The Husband’s account was that these notebooks comprised handwritten ad hoc
records that were less reliable than the company’s unaudited financial
statements. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Husband’s affidavit in FC/SUM 3017/2018 dated 31 August 2018 at para 33.

Absent further evidence from the Wife, I do not find that the fact that the
Husband kept handwritten records of his business transactions supports the
inference that the company’s financial statements were incomplete and that an
adverse inference should be drawn against him.

35 Finally, [CE] Pte Ltd suffered losses in its profits and assets from 2014
to 2015. The Wife submitted that this possibly indicated that the Husband had
siphoned assets and funds from the company into his own name. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

WSS (amended) at para 40.

In my view, these submissions were speculative on her part. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

See Husband’s rebuttal submissions dated 7 February 2019 at para 10.

For completeness, the Wife relied on [CE] Pte Ltd’s losses to allege on
affidavit that the Husband diverted business from [CE] Pte Ltd to another of
his companies. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Wife’s 2nd AAM at paras 46–50.

She did not expand on these allegations in her submissions, and I will not
address them further.

Summary of the identity and valuation of the matrimonial assets

36 In the result, the total value of the matrimonial pool is $4,198,632.83. I
set out the identity and values of the matrimonial assets and liabilities
based on the JSRI, the evidence adduced and my findings above:

S/No| Description| Net value ($)  
---|---|---  
Joint assets  
1| HDB Flat| 530,000.00  
| Sub-total (A)| 530,000.00  
Wife’s assets  
1| Private Property| 1,379,023.41  
2| CPF account| 132,593.20 38

##### Foot Note 38

× JSRI at p 5.  
3| POSB Savings Account No -1899| 405.10 39

##### Foot Note 39

× JSRI at p 5; Wife’s 1st AAM at p 49.  
4| Sale proceeds of Toyota motor vehicle| 18,000.00 40

##### Foot Note 40

× NE 8 February 2019 at p 3; Wife’s 1st AAM at p 13.  
| Sub-total (B)| 1,530,021.71  
Husband’s assets  
1| CPF account| 343,840.59 41

##### Foot Note 41

× JSRI at pp 5–6.  
2| Mercedes motor vehicle| 144,552.79 42

##### Foot Note 42

× Husband’s submissions on the table of matrimonial assets at p 6, S/N 6;
Husband’s 2nd AAM at pp 24, 28.  
3| DBS Savings Account No -4947 (as at 28 February 2017)| 3,266.92  
4| 30,000 shares in [ER] Pte Ltd| 0.00  
5| 30,000 shares in [GAE] Pte Ltd| 89,000.00  
6| 20,000 shares in [IIH] Pte Ltd|  765,500.00  
7| 20,000 shares in [CE] Pte Ltd| 0.00  
8| 42,000 shares in [AMI] Pte Ltd|  538,000.00  
9| 90,000 shares in [AT] Pte Ltd|  462,500.00  
| Sub-total (C)| 2,346,660.30  
Wife’s liabilities  
1| Citibank Mastercard Account No -4049| (1,458.76)  
2| UOB Account No -5807| (56.84)  
3| POSB Card Account No -1899| (10,200.71)  
| Sub-total (D)| (11,716.31)  
Husband’s liabilities 43

##### Foot Note 43

× See Husband’s submissions on the table of matrimonial assets at pp 8–10, S/N
4–9; NE 8 February 2019 at p 5.  
1| OCBC Bank Accounts| (54,662.08)  
2| OCBC Bank EasiCredit Account No -3001| (20,733.09)  
3| Citibank Ready Credit Account No -4001| (19,554.12)  
4| UOB Credit Cards| (47,607.88)  
5| UOB CashPlus Account No -4834| (30,698.38)  
6| ANZ Card No -9912| (23,077.32)  
| Sub-total (E)| (196,332.87)  
| Total [(A) + (B) + (C) + (D) + (E)]| 4,198,632.83  
  
Division of the matrimonial assets

37 The parties agreed that the structured approach in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR
1043 (“ANJ”) applied to determine the division of matrimonial assets. This
structured approach involves:

(a) expressing as a ratio the parties’ direct contributions relative to each
other, in relation to their financial contributions towards the acquisition or
improvement of the matrimonial assets;

(b) expressing as a second ratio their indirect financial and non-financial
contributions relative to each other; and

(c) deriving the parties’ overall contributions relative to each other by
taking an average of the two ratios above.

Step 1: Direct financial contributions

38 After the AM hearings, the parties submitted a table summarising their
direct contributions by way of a letter dated 24 May 2019 from the Husband’s
counsel (“the Parties’ Table of Direct Contributions”). In this Table, the
parties generally agreed that they each made 100% of the direct financial
contributions to the assets in their respective names. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

See Parties’ Table of Direct Contributions.

However, no position was taken as to the balances in their CPF accounts and
the liabilities in their names. This being the case, I will generally treat
the parties as having made 100% of the direct contributions to the assets and
liabilities in their names, save for the assets in relation to which the
parties’ direct contributions are disputed: namely, the HDB Flat, the Private
Property and the Husband’s shares in [IIH] Pte Ltd. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE 8 February 2019 at p 5.

39 As there was not always evidence of the parties’ direct contributions
towards the disputed matrimonial assets, I am constrained to use the value of
a party’s share in an asset as a proxy of his or her direct contribution
towards the acquisition of those assets. For consistency, where there is
evidence of the parties’ direct contributions, I have used the ratio of the
direct contributions to apportion the value of that asset between the parties.
I then attribute the apportioned values as the parties’ respective direct
contributions.

(1) The HDB Flat in the parties’ joint names

40 The parties purchased the HDB Flat in their joint names in July 1998 for
$438,000.00. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Wife’s 1st AAM at p 304.

The Husband submitted that the ratio of direct contributions using a rough and
ready approach was 77.4:22.6 between him and the Wife. The Wife submitted that
the ratio should be 70.27:29.73 instead. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Parties’ Table of Direct Contributions at S/N 1; HWS at paras 10–11; WSS
(amended) at para 61.

41 The parties agreed that the Wife’s direct contributions amounted to
$83,167.00 in CPF moneys. This sum comprised an initial capital payment of
$25,000.00 and mortgage loan payments amounting to $58,167.00. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

HWS at paras 7(c), 8(b); WSS (amended) at para 61.

42 The parties also agreed that the Husband contributed: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

HWS at paras 7(c), 8(a) and 8(c); WSS (amended) at para 61.

(a) $27,900.00 in CPF moneys towards the initial capital payment;

(b) $67,046.55 in cash towards the mortgage loan payments; and

(c) $101,648.00 in CPF moneys towards the mortgage loan payments.

43 I find that the documentary evidence supports the Husband’s account that he
contributed an aggregate of $183,320.35 in CPF moneys towards the HDB Flat,
including the amounts listed at [42(a)] and [42(c)]. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

HWS at para 9; Husband’s 2nd AAM at p 12.

I also find that he contributed $5,000.00 in direct payment at the time of
purchase: he was consistent about this contribution in his affidavit evidence
and this contribution was not refuted by the Wife. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Wife’s 1st AAM at p 304; Husband’s 2nd AAM at para 9; NE 8 February 2019 at p
6.

Also disputed was a payment of $29,700.00 in cash on completion. Neither party
claimed on affidavit to have contributed this payment. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE 8 February 2019 at p 6.

Absent documentary evidence on this contribution, I exercise my discretion in
broad strokes and attribute it to both parties jointly.

44 Taking a broad brush approach and considering the available evidence, I
find that the parties’ direct contributions to HDB Flat were in the ratio of
73.38:26.62 between the Husband and the Wife. Their respective contributions
(which do not add up to the purchase price) are set out below:

S/No| Contribution| Husband’s direct contributions ($)| Wife’s direct
contributions ($)  
---|---|---|---  
1| CPF moneys| 183,320.35| 83,167.00  
2| Cash in direct payment| 5,000.00| -  
3| Cash on completion| 14,850.00| 14,850.00  
4| Cash contribution to mortgage payments| 67,046.55| -  
| Total|  270,216.90 (73.38%)| 98,017.00  
(26.62%)  
| Apportionment of value of the HDB Flat| 388,914.00| 141,086.00  
  
(2) The Private Property in the Wife’s name

45 The Private Property was purchased in the Wife’s sole name in July 2012 for
$1,955,000.00. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Husband’s 2nd AAM at pp 15–17.

The Husband submitted that the ratio of direct contributions was 91:9 between
him and the Wife; the Wife submitted that a ratio of 51.48:48.52 was more
appropriate. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Parties’ Table of Direct Contributions at S/N 2; HWS at para 33; WSS (amended)
at para 59.

46 The Wife submitted that her direct contributions comprised $254,054.91 in
CPF moneys; the option fee of $19,550.00; and $23,233.46 in renovation costs.
She also submitted that the Husband’s cash contribution towards the mortgage
payments was $296,800.00, comprising monthly payments of $5,600.00 over 53
months (from November 2012 to April 2017). 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Parties’ Table of Direct Contributions at S/N 2; WSS (amended) at para 59.

47 The Husband disagreed that the Wife paid the option fee of $19,550.00. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Parties’ Table of Direct Contributions at S/N 2; HWS at para 19.

He also highlighted an email dated 25 July 2012 that he sent to the parties’
conveyancing lawyers on behalf of the Wife: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

HWS at para 23; Husband’s 2nd AAM at pp 18–19.

…

As spoken, I have already provided a cashier’s order for the full refund back
to the CPF Ordinary account and Special account from the usage under our
existing housing arrangement. Hence with that, the CPF board has confirmed
that we are able to utilize the full sum from the Ordinary account for the
purpose of new purchase. …

As such, I will advise you to proceed with the necessary documentation in
exercising the Option since I am paying the stamp fee and the balance of the
OTP with cheque payment. So when it comes to the preparation for completion,
then you can apply for my CPF ordinary account to offset the balance. The
estimated balance amount of my CPF Ordinary account after this refund should
be $168,219.72. …

Thanks

Regards  
[Husband]  

[emphasis added]

He submitted that this email showed that he injected moneys into the Wife’s
CPF account to be put towards the Private Property, and that the Wife did not
deny that he contributed towards her CPF balance. Her affidavit evidence was
only that: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

HWS at para 25; Wife’s 2nd AAM at para 18.

With regards to the [Husband’s] allegation that he had refunded my CPF monies
[put towards the HDB Flat] so that it could be re-used for the purchase of
[the Private Property], … I would state on or about 26th July 2012, the sum of
$156,591.83, being the voluntary refund for the [HDB Flat] was credited to my
CPF account. …

48 The Wife responded that her evidence on affidavit was that a voluntary
refund was made, but that it was for the Husband to show that he made that
payment. She also submitted that the fact that the email was signed by the
Husband on her behalf indicated that the references to “I” and “my” should be
taken to refer to her, and not to him. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE 8 February 2019 at pp 7–8.

49 Absent conclusive documentary evidence, eg, in the form of the cashier’s
order for the refund, and in the light of the Wife’s failure to account for
the source of the refund, I find that the Husband contributed $156,591.83 to
the Wife’s CPF account in July 2012, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

See also Wife’s affidavit dated 22 February 2019 at para 4.

and that this sum was used to acquire the Private Property. The Wife’s direct
contribution using CPF moneys would therefore be $97,463.08 (being $254,054.91
– $156,591.83).

50 As for the other payments, I make the following findings.

51 I find that the Wife contributed to the option fee of $19,550.00. I accept
that the use of the first person pronoun in the email dated 25 July 2012
refers to her as having made this payment. This would be consistent with the
use of the first person in relation to the CPF account, which was hers as
well.

52 As for the renovations, the Husband argued that renovation payments were
funded through his contributions to the parties’ joint account. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

HWS at para 32.

Absent conclusive evidence on these contributions to the joint account, I
attribute the payments for the renovations to the party whose name is on the
respective invoice. I also attribute to the Wife the following payments that
were made by her mother, which total $5,800.00: (a) $2,200.00 paid to a
consultancy firm on 16 August 2016; 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Wife’s 1st AAM at p 483.

(b) $1,600.00 for leakage repair services on 14 June 2016; 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Wife’s 1st AAM at p 485.

and (c) $2,000.00 to install a lighting conductor on 9 June 2016. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Wife’s 1st AAM at pp 486, 487.

I do not attribute to the Wife payments not supported by invoices or receipts
showing that the payment was for work done to improve the Private Property. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

See Wife’s 1st AAM at pp 482, 488, 491–493.

53 As for the mortgage loan payments, the Wife accepts that the Husband
contributed an aggregate of $296,800.00. I therefore attribute this entire sum
to him even though he submitted that part of this sum was funded using the
Wife’s CPF moneys. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Parties’ Table of Direct Contributions at S/N 2.

54 Adopting a broad brush approach, I find that the ratio of the parties’
direct contributions to the Private Property is 69.66:30.34. Their
contributions (which do not add up to the purchase price) are as set out
below:

S/No| Contribution| Husband’s direct contributions ($)| Wife’s direct
contributions ($)  
---|---|---|---  
1| Contribution to the Wife’s CPF account| 156,591.83| -  
2| CPF moneys| -| 97,463.08  
3| Option fee| -| 19,550.00  
4| Renovations in November 2012| -| 128,969.00 67

##### Foot Note 67

× Husband’s 2nd AAM at p 21.  
5| Renovations in January 2013| 4,590.30 68

##### Foot Note 68

× Husband’s 2nd AAM at p 23.  | -  
6| Renovations in April 2013| 120,000.00 69

##### Foot Note 69

× Husband’s 2nd AAM at p 22. | -  
7| Renovations in June to August 2016| -| 5,800.00  
8| Mortgage loan payments| 296,800.00| -  
| Total| 577,982.13  
(69.66%)| 251,782.08  
(30.34%)  
| Apportionment of value of the Private Property| 960,627.71| 418,395.70  
  
(3) The shares in [IIH] Pte Ltd in the Husband’s name

55 [IIH] Pte Ltd is an investment holding company that manages and rents out
the Thomson Property. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Don Ho Mun-Tuke’s affidavit dated 20 July 2018 at pp 10, 66–67.

The Thomson Property is the only significant asset that the company owns. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Don Ho Mun-Tuke’s affidavit dated 20 July 2018 at p 31.

The Husband is its sole shareholder and its director. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Don Ho Mun-Tuke’s affidavit dated 20 July 2018 at p 70, para 10.1.

The Wife submitted that her direct contributions to the Thomson Property
should be taken to be her direct contributions to [IIH] Pte Ltd, and that the
parties made equal contributions towards the [IIH] Pte Ltd shares. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE 8 February 2019 at p 8.

56 The Thomson Property was purchased under [IIH] Pte Ltd in July 2011 for a
purchase price of $1.5m. Both parties exercised the option to purchase. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Husband’s 2nd AAM at para 19; Wife’s 1st AAM at pp 341–344.

57 The Wife elaborated that the Thomson Property was purchased using the sale
proceeds of the VV Property, which the parties had jointly owned. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

WSS (amended) at paras 62(f), 62(g).

The VV Property was sold in December 2009 at $1m. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Wife’s 1st AAM at pp 10, 315.

The parties received a cash balance of $325,834.90 from the sale, and
$74,036.64 and $40,697.06 were respectively returned to the Husband’s and the
Wife’s CPF accounts. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Wife’s 1st AAM at pp 322, 323 326.

In June 2011, the parties used the balance of the sale proceeds in the sum of
$185,411.55 to purchase the Thomson Property. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Wife’s 1st AAM at p 339; NE 8 February 2019 at p 9.

The Wife submitted that this sum should be taken to be the parties’ joint
contribution to the Thomson Property.

58 According to the Husband, the parties purchased the VV Property in 2006 for
$738,000.00. As he made all the cash payments, the parties’ direct
contributions to the VV Property were in the ratio of 79:21 between him and
the Wife. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Husband’s 2nd AAM at para 16; NE 10 April 2019 at pp 3, 4; HWS at paras 15–16.

Adopting this ratio of 79:21, he submitted at the AM hearing that the Wife’s
direct contribution to the acquisition of the Thomson Property, and
consequently [IIH] Pte Ltd, would be $39,455.58 (being 21% of $185,411.55). 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE 10 April 2019 at p 4.

He took a different position in the Parties’ Table of Direct Contributions,
stating that the Wife made no direct contribution to the value of the shares
in [IIH] Pte Ltd. However, no reasons were given for this change in position.
In the circumstances, I think it is fair to consider the Wife’s share of the
sale proceeds of the VV Property to be her direct contribution to [IIH] Pte
Ltd.

59 Although I accept that the Husband made a larger CPF contribution (see
above at [57]) towards the acquisition of the VV Property, as reflected by
their respective CPF refunds after the sale of the VV Property, this is
insufficient basis to conclude that the ratio of their direct contributions
was 79:21 between the Husband and the Wife. As the Wife submitted, there was
no evidence of the direct contributions to the VV Property. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE 10 April 2019 at p 5.

In the circumstances, I take into consideration the fact that the parties held
the VV Property jointly and adopt the ratio of the parties’ CPF contributions
as a rough proxy of their direct contributions towards the acquisition of the
VV Property.

60 I also do not have any information on the arrangement between the parties
as to how the Thomson Property was to be purchased or the structure of [IIH]
Pte Ltd. I find in broad strokes that 40% of the balance sale proceeds of the
VV Property ($74,164.62, being 40% of $185,411.55) used to acquire the Thomson
Property should be attributed to the Wife. The sum of $74,164.62 is roughly
equivalent to 5% of the $1.5m purchase price of the Thomson Property. I find
that the ratio of direct contributions towards the Thomson Property is 95:5
between the Husband and the Wife. Given that [IIH] Pte Ltd’s business is
centred around the management of the Thomson Property, I use the ratio of 95:5
to apportion the value of [IIH] Pte Ltd between the parties, and attribute
those values as the parties’ direct contributions. On this approach, I take
the Wife to have directly contributed a sum of $38,275.00 (being 5% of
$765,500.00) to the value of [IIH] Pte Ltd.

Summary of the parties’ direct financial contributions

61 The ratio of direct financial contributions is 82:18 (in round figures)
between the Husband and the Wife. The breakdown of their direct financial
contributions is as follows:

S/No| Asset / Liability| Husband’s direct contributions ($)| Wife’s direct
contributions ($)  
---|---|---|---  
Joint assets  
1| HDB Flat| 388,914.00| 141,086.00  
Wife’s assets  
2| Private Property| 960,627.71| 418,395.70  
3| CPF account| -| 132,593.20  
4| POSB Savings Account No -1899| -| 405.10  
5| Sale proceeds of Toyota motor vehicle| -| 18,000.00  
Husband’s assets  
6| CPF account| 343,840.59| -  
7| Mercedes motor vehicle| 144,552.79| -  
8| DBS Savings Account No -4947 (as at 28 February 2017)| 3,266.92| -  
9| 30,000 shares in [ER] Pte Ltd| 0.00| -  
10| 30,000 shares in [GAE] Pte Ltd| 89,000.00| -  
11| 20,000 shares in [IIH] Pte Ltd|  727,225.00 |  38,275.00   
12| 20,000 shares in [CE] Pte Ltd| 0.00| -  
13| 42,000 shares in [AMI] Pte Ltd| 538,000.00| -  
14| 90,000 shares in [AT] Pte Ltd| 462,500.00| -  
Wife’s liabilities  
15| Citibank Mastercard Account No -4049; UOB Account No -5807; POSB Card
Account No -1899| -| (11,716.31)  
Husband’s liabilities  
16| OCBC Bank Accounts; OCBC Bank EasiCredit Account No -3001; Citibank Ready
Credit Account No -4001; UOB Credit Cards; UOB CashPlus Account No -4834; ANZ
Card No -9912| (196,332.87)| -  
| Total direct contributions to the matrimonial pool| 3,461,594.14  
(82%) | 737,038.69  
(18%)  
  
Step 2: Indirect contributions

62 Both parties disputed the extent of the indirect contributions made by the
other party during the marriage. While the Husband submitted that their
indirect contributions were equal, the Wife submitted that the ratio of
indirect contributions should be 30:70 between the Husband and her. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

JSRI at p 11.

63 The Husband was responsible for much of the indirect financial
contributions. It was not disputed that he was the primary breadwinner and
shouldered the family’s household expenses during the course of the marriage.
I also accept that he was present in the Children’s lives, spent time ferrying
them to school and other activities, and brought the family on holidays. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Husband’s 1st AAM at para 22; HWS at paras 38–39.

64 For her part, the Wife submitted that she was the main caregiver of the
three Children. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

WSS (amended) at paras 62(a)–62(e).

She also submitted that the Husband stopped financially supporting her and the
Children as readily from 2016 onwards. This caused her to face financial
difficulties in ensuring the timely payment of the Children’s school fees and
other expenses, and renovation and mortgage loan payments for the Private
Property. She sold her motor vehicle, borrowed money from her mother and
surrendered her insurance policies during this period in order to meet the
household’s financial needs. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

WSS (amended) at paras 62(e), 63(b)–63(e); Wife’s 1st AAM at pp 11–14.

The Husband did not address these claims in his submissions.

65 In addition, the Wife submitted that she provided a loan of $105,000.00 to
the Husband around 18 April 2013. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

WSS (amended) at para 62(c).

I agree with the Husband 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

HWS at para 47.

that there is insufficient evidence to support a finding that such a loan was
made. Likewise, although the Wife claimed to make indirect contributions to
[IIH] Pte Ltd in her capacity as a director of the company, the Husband
disputed her involvement on the basis that she was only a nominee director. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE 10 April 2019 at pp 3, 5,

I agree with the Husband that there is no evidence that the Wife played a
significant role in the company.

66 The Husband argued that the Wife’s indirect contributions were limited by
the fact that she worked full-time and was assisted in her household chores by
a domestic helper. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

HWS at para 40.

I disagree with this submission, which in my view fails to award due
recognition to the Wife’s homemaking and parenting efforts. In this regard, I
echo the Court of Appeal’s statements in ANJ at [17] and [24]:

17 … [M]utual respect must be accorded for spousal contributions, whether in
the economic or homemaking spheres, as both roles are equally fundamental to
the well-being of a marital partnership (NK v NL [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 at [41]).
…

…

24 … Contributions in the form of parenting, homemaking and husbandry, by
their very nature, are incapable of being reduced into monetary terms. … What
values to give to the indirect contributions of the parties is necessarily a
matter of impression and judgment of the court. In most homes, even in a home
where both the spouses are working full time, in the absence of concrete
evidence it is more likely than not that ordinarily the wife will be the party
who renders greater indirect contributions. … What values to attribute to each
spouse in relation to indirect contributions would be a matter of assessment
for the court and in that regard broad strokes would have to be the order of
the day.

[emphasis in original]

67 Indeed, I find that the Wife’s indirect contributions are all the greater
given that she worked full-time whilst being primarily responsible for the
Children’s upbringing. Her engagement of domestic help also did not detract
from her indirect contributions. As the Court of Appeal recognised in Pang
Rosaline v Chan Kong Chin [2009] 4 SLR(R) 935 at [20], the managerial role of
a wife in ensuring the smooth running of a household is at least as essential
and important as the direct performance of the chores itself, especially where
the wife personally took care of the needs of the children while holding down
a regular full-time job. In that case, the Court of Appeal held that the wife
should be accorded the credit due to her for managing the household and
looking after her two children all while holding down a regular full-time job.
I take the same approach here.

68 This was a marriage that lasted almost 19 years, during which the parties
raised three Children together. The Husband through his businesses provided
financially for the family. The Wife was the primary homemaker, managing the
household and raising the Children while juggling a full-time career
throughout. Her contributions in this regard also allowed the Husband to
dedicate himself to his work and to amass much of the matrimonial assets. I
also accept the Wife’s submissions that the Husband did not financially
support her and the Children as readily from 2016 onwards. Weighing all these
factors and exercising my discretion in broad strokes, I am of the view that a
ratio of indirect contributions of 35:65 between the Husband and the Wife is
just and equitable.

Step 3: Average ratio

69 The average ratio of the direct and indirect contributions between the
Husband and the Wife is 58.5:41.5.

| Husband (%)| Wife (%)  
---|---|---  
Direct contributions| 82| 18  
Indirect contributions| 35| 65  
Average ratio| 58.5| 41.5  
  
70 In ANJ at [27], the Court of Appeal held that the average ratio may be
shifted to take into account, inter alia, the length of the marriage, the size
of the matrimonial assets and its constituents, and the extent and nature of
the indirect contributions.

71 The Husband submitted that the average ratio should be shifted to 75:25 in
his favour in recognition of his greater contribution towards the accumulation
of the parties’ wealth. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

HSS at para 26.

The Wife in turn submitted that the average ratio should be shifted to 20:80
between the Husband and her, taking into account the length of the marriage;
the greater weight that should be placed on their indirect contributions; the
failure of the Joint Valuation Report to accurately value the Husband’s shares
in the six companies; and the adverse inferences to be drawn against the
Husband. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

WSS (amended) at paras 69–70.

72 I am not minded in the circumstances to adjust the average ratio that has
been reached. The importance of each of the factors has been duly accounted
for in the ANJ approach. The Wife’s allegations that the Joint Valuation
Report was inaccurate and that an adverse inference should be drawn against
the Husband have also been extensively dealt with above.

Apportionment of the matrimonial assets

73 The total value of the matrimonial pool is $4,198,632.83 (see [36] above).
Applying a distribution ratio of 58.5:41.5, the Husband’s and Wife’s shares of
the matrimonial pool respectively translate to $2,456,200.21 and
$1,742,432.62. After deducting the assets held by the Wife ($1,530,021.71, see
above at [36]), $212,410.91 remains payable to her. I set a timeframe of six
months for the Husband to make the necessary transfers, which is to take into
consideration how the HDB Flat, which is in their joint names, will be dealt
with and accounted for.

74 I note that the Wife would like to have both the HDB flat and the Private
Property sold. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

WSS (amended) at paras 15(a) and 15(b).

I order that the parties should retain the assets in their names, so as to
minimise transaction costs. I leave it to the parties to decide between
themselves if the immovable properties in their names should be sold. It
follows that the Wife will take over the mortgage loan payments for the
Private Property from the date of this judgment until its eventual sale (if
any).

75 Finally, the Wife sought a half share of the Thomson Property and half of
the Husband’s shares in [AMI] Pte Ltd. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

WSS (amended) at para 15(d).

I do not grant this order. There is no evidence that the Wife was involved in
the running and operations of this company. It is not in the interests of
fairness and justice to require the Husband to give up his shareholding and
control of the company.

Maintenance for the Children

76 I now consider the appropriate maintenance orders for the Children pursuant
to my jurisdiction under s 127(1) read with ss 68 and 69(4) of the Women’s
Charter.

77 The interim maintenance order (see above at [7]) requires the Husband to
pay $300.00 per month in maintenance for each of the Children, and to bear the
Children’s expenses in relation to their school fees; tuition fees; education-
related books; stationery; school uniforms; groceries; and transport.

78 The Husband has agreed to pay for the elder two Children’s overseas
university tuition fees and accommodation costs, which he calculates to
respectively amount to $40,488.35 and $40,223.75 per year for the eldest and
middle Child. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

HSS at para 28.

He proposed that the terms of the interim maintenance order be maintained in
respect of the youngest Child. As he would bear the bulk of the elder
Children’s educational expenses under this arrangement, the Wife should bear
their day-to-day expenses. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

HWS at paras 58–61.

79 The Wife submitted that the Husband should pay a lump sum maintenance of
$920,643.60 for the Children’s maintenance. This sum included the overseas
expenses of each of the elder Children as follows: 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

WSS (amended) at paras 110, 112.

(a) $33,567.69 per year for university tuition fees;

(b) $22,011.60 for food and accommodation costs; and

(c) $500.00 allowance per month.

She sought a lump sum maintenance payment on the basis that the Husband has
defaulted on the Children’s maintenance in the past. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

WSS (amended) at para 123.

80 In ANH v ANI [2019] SGHC 170, the High Court considered the appropriate
quantum of maintenance that should be ordered in relation to a child who had
just enrolled in an Australian university. The mother estimated her daughter’s
tuition fees and accommodation costs to amount to approximately S$57,600.00
per annum, and submitted that the husband should bear these expenses
singlehandedly. The High Court took into account the fact that the father had
a new family, that he earned S$500,000.00 per annum, that the mother earned
S$233,000.00 per annum and that her estimate of costs of S$57,600.00 per annum
appeared too high. The father was ordered to contribute S$35,000.00 per annum,
with the balance to be borne by the mother: at [9].

81 In the present case, I do not find the Wife’s submissions to be reasonable.
The focus of the court’s inquiry in considering the issue of maintenance for
the child is the financial needs of the child, and the overriding objective is
that the welfare of the child must be safeguarded and adequate provision made
for his or her upkeep: AUA v ATZ [2016] 4 SLR 674 at [48]. In this assessment,
the court in ordering maintenance must also take into account a former
husband’s financial resources: see the Court of Appeal’s statements in AXM v
AXO [2014] 2 SLR 705 at [36], in the context of ordering that the final
maintenance order should account for the husband’s depleted resources due to
his maintenance obligations under the earlier interim maintenance order. The
Wife’s proposed order for lump sum maintenance would amount to more than a
third of the Husband’s share of the matrimonial pool post-division.

82 I also do not agree that the Husband has a proven history of failing to pay
maintenance. The enforcement proceedings that were previously taken up did not
concern the Husband’s reluctance or inability to pay maintenance. They arose
more from the parties’ dispute as to whether the expenses claimed by the Wife
were properly incurred within the scope of the interim maintenance order. I
also bear in mind that the Husband’s stated salary is approximately
$110,000.00 per annum.

83 I am heartened by the Husband’s expressed willingness to bear the full
costs of his elder two Children’s tertiary education overseas. In the
circumstances, I order that he is to make full contributions to the two elder
Children’s tuition fees and accommodation costs and to provide them with a
monthly maintenance of $300.00. This order is effective until the elder two
Children graduate from university, and is subject to variation in the event of
changes to the computation of their fees. The terms of the interim maintenance
order shall continue to apply in relation to the youngest Child. The Wife is
to bear the balance of any outstanding expenses incurred in the Children’s
upbringing.

Maintenance for the Wife

84 Maintenance ordered pursuant to s 114 of the Women’s Charter endeavours to
place the parties in the financial position they would have been in if the
marriage had not broken down. The court will take into account a wife’s share
of the matrimonial assets upon division when assessing the appropriate quantum
of maintenance to be ordered: ATE v ATD and another appeal [2016] SGCA 2 at
[31]–[33].

85 The Wife deposed that she is presently employed as a clerk in her brother’s
company and earns a monthly salary of $1,700.00. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Wife’s 2nd AAM at para 32.

She revised this salary figure to $1,360.00 in the JSRI. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

JSRI at p 1.

She sought a lump sum maintenance of $4,256,684.40. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

JSRI at p 3.

86 The Husband submitted that no maintenance should be ordered as, inter alia,
the Wife is capable of maintaining herself and is under-declaring her income.
Furthermore, an order for lump sum maintenance would be financially crippling,
given that he is to bear the costs of the two elder Children’s overseas
university education. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

HWS at paras 62–70.

In the alternative, if maintenance for the Wife were to be ordered, he
submitted that the court should only order such maintenance as to allow the
Wife to weather the transition of the divorce: see TNL v TNK and another
appeal and another matter [2017] 1 SLR 609 at [63]. He proposed an order for
lump sum maintenance of $12,000.00 (based on a multiplicand of $500.00 and a
multiplier of two years). 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

HWS at paras 74, 75.

87 As with the Wife’s submission in relation to the maintenance for the
Children, her submission on the issue of her maintenance is not reasonable.
The maintenance she sought exceeds the size of the matrimonial pool. I bear in
mind that she is 43 years old this year, and has been working throughout the
marriage.

88 On the other hand, the Husband bore most of the household’s financial
responsibilities during the marriage and the mortgage loan payments for the
Private Property (amounting to around $5,600.00 per month), which the Wife
will have to take over from the date of this judgment. The transfers pursuant
to the division of assets will also take some time to be effected. In
addition, a significant proportion of the Wife’s share of the matrimonial pool
is illiquid, being in the form of the Private Property. While it appears that
the Wife intends to sell the Private Property on the open market, she will not
be able to immediately realise its value.

89 In my view, it would be fair for the Husband to pay monthly maintenance of
$3,000.00 to the Wife for a period of six months until her full share of the
matrimonial pool is transferred to her, and to pay $1,500.00 in monthly
maintenance for the subsequent six months. This would result in an aggregate
payment of $27,000.00 of maintenance to the Wife over a period of 12 months.

Other matters

90 The Wife sought the Husband’s payment of outstanding maintenance arrears.
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

WSS (amended) at paras 15(h) and 128; NE 10 April 2019 at p 7.

Maintenance arrears incurred after the IJ date should be given effect to post-
division of assets, by increasing any sum payable by the Husband: see UAP v
UAQ [2018] 3 SLR 319 at [56] and [86].

91 The Wife accepted by a letter dated 29 April 2019 from her solicitors that
the Husband owes no maintenance arrears in respect of the Children. However,
she argued that he owed maintenance arrears in respect of a $4,000.00 monthly
salary that she was meant to receive from December 2016 for working at [CE]
Pte Ltd (see above at [8]).

92 For reference, the relevant clause in the interim maintenance order reads:

3\. [Wife] will commence employment with [CE] Pte Ltd ([Husband’s] Company) on
the 3rd January 2017 and will be paid a monthly salary of $4,000.00.

The Family Court observed on 4 April 2018 that the payment of the Wife’s
salary was not enforceable as part of a maintenance order. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE for MSS No 801885 of 2017 (4 April 2018) at p 1.

The Family Court’s order for enforcement was limited to the Husband’s payment
of maintenance arrears in respect of the Children’s expenses. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

EMO No 452 of 2018.

The Wife did not appeal against this order. In any event, I agree with the
District Judge that salary that is paid as remuneration for work done does not
constitute interim maintenance. I find that there are no maintenance arrears
still outstanding, and no orders will be made in this regard. Any claim on
unpaid salaries would have to be made at the appropriate forum.

93 Separately, the Husband sought payment by the Wife of half of DHA+’s fees
and expenses in preparing the Joint Valuation Report. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

HSS at para 11.

He submitted that the cost of the joint valuation amounted to $13,904.40. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

HSS at Appendix A.

I note that the Family Court’s direction to the parties to conduct a joint
valuation was made after the Husband failed to comply with the court’s
directions in relation to valuation of his shares in the six companies. This
also caused an unnecessary delay in the proceedings. Taking the Husband’s
conduct into account, I order that he should bear DHA+’s costs in full.

Conclusion

94 For the reasons above, I make the following orders:

(a) The pool of matrimonial assets is divided 58.5:41.5 between the Husband
and the Wife.

(b) The Husband is to transfer $212,410.91 to the Wife within six months from
the date of this judgment.

(c) The parties are to retain the assets in their own names. No orders are
made in relation to the HDB Flat, the Private Property and the Husband’s
shares in [IIH] Pte Ltd.

(d) Regarding maintenance for the Children:

(i) The Husband is to pay monthly maintenance of $300.00 for each child.

(ii) The Husband is to bear the full tuition fees and accommodation costs of
the two elder Children’s tertiary education.

(iii) The terms of the interim maintenance order will continue to apply in
respect of the youngest Child.

(e) Maintenance for the Wife is ordered in the quantum of:

(i) $3,000.00 per month for six months, to commence the date of this judgment;
and

(ii) $1,500.00 per month for six months, to commence six months after the date
of this judgment.

95 I encourage parties to agree on costs, failing which they are to file and
exchange submissions on the issue of costs (limited to ten pages excluding
exhibits and case authorities) within 21 days from the date of this judgment.

Tan Puay Boon  
Judicial Commissioner

Bhaskaran Shamkumar and Irfan Nasrulhaq Bin Hamdan (APAC Law Corporation) for
the plaintiff;  
Quek Seng Soon Winston and Gan Guo Bin (Winston Quek & Company) for the first
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

