Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 30

Originating Summons No 871 of 2017

(Summons No 3979 of 2017)

In the matter of an application by the Attorney-General for an order of
committal for contempt of court

And

In the matter of Section 7(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of Order 52 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of the Affidavits filed by Ong Wui Teck in HC/OS 165 of 2016

The Attorney-General  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Ong Wui Teck  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Contempt of Court] — [Scandalising the court]

[Contempt of Court] — [Contempt in the face of the court]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Attorney-General v Ong Wui Teck

[2019] SGHC 30

High Court — Originating Summons No 871 of 2017 (Summons No 3979 of 2017)  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
14, 15 August 2018

13 February 2019 Judgment reserved.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 Originating Summons No 871 of 2017 (“OS 871”) was filed by the Attorney-
General (“the AG”) ex parte for leave to apply for an order of committal
against Ong Wui Teck (“Mr Ong”) for contempt of court – scandalising contempt
and contempt in the face of the court – in respect of various allegations made
against Justice Woo Bih Li and the Supreme Court in Mr Ong’s two affidavits
filed and served in respect of a recusal application, Originating Summons No
165 of 2016 (“OS 165”). I granted leave on 18 August 2017, and the AG filed
Summons No 3979 of 2017 (“SUM 3979”) for an order of committal or such other
punishment as the court deems fit to be issued against Mr Ong.

2 At the heart of SUM 3979 is Mr Ong’s criticisms contained in two affidavits
that formed the basis of Mr Ong’s application for Woo J to recuse himself as
the assigned trial judge of Mr Ong’s mother’s estate (see [16] below). The
debate here is whether Mr Ong’s criticisms of the individual judge were fair
criticisms as claimed by Mr Ong, or whether his criticisms went outside and
beyond the allowable legal scales for recusal applications that are typically
addressed to the individual judge. This judgment will also consider whether
what was said could be criticisms of the system of administration of justice,
attacks against the individual judge and attacks against the court as a whole.
In this elevated dimension, the legal principles this judgment will examine
are based on the law of contempt of court rather than on the law on recusal.

Events leading to the recusal application

3 Mr Ong filed his recusal application on 22 February 2016 to disqualify Woo J
from hearing all actions related to his mother’s estate. In support of the
recusal application, Mr Ong filed two affidavits (“OS 165 Affidavits”), one
dated 18 February 2016 (“the 1st OS 165 Affidavit”) and one dated 2 March 2016
(“the 2nd OS 165 Affidavit”). Mr Ong listed the grounds for seeking to
disqualify Woo J to be “[c]onflict of interest”, “absence/ lack of
independence”, “[b]iasness”, “[p]rejudgment/ predetermination”, “[c]ondoning
the actions of the opposing party/solicitor that are contrary to and/or an
obstruction to justice” (1st OS 165 Affidavit at para 5). It is in these two
affidavits that the alleged contemptuous statements are found.

4 Woo J was the trial judge in an earlier action relating to Mr Ong’s father’s
estate. I will begin by narrating Mr Ong’s grievances with Woo J in the
proceedings involving the father’s estate.

Father’s Estate Proceedings

5 In 2012, Woo J heard Suit No 385 of 2011 (S 385/2011), the judgment of which
is reported at Ong Wui Swoon v Ong Wui Teck [2013] 1 SLR 733 (“2012
Judgment”). The suit concerned disputes between Mr Ong and his sister, Ong Wui
Swoon (“the Sister”), in relation to their father’s estate (“Father’s Estate
Proceedings”). Mr Ong was the administrator of their father’s estate. The most
valuable assets in dispute in the proceedings were a private apartment at Sea
Avenue (“the Sea Avenue Property”) which was purchased in Mr Ong’s name and
sold in 2002 for $575,000, and a landed property at Pemimpin Place (“the
Pemimpin Place Property”) purchased in the name of Mr Ong’s wife and was the
residence of Mr Ong and his wife. The Sister claimed that the rental and the
sale proceeds of Sea Avenue Property belonged to the father’s estate and was
converted by Mr Ong for his own use, and also claimed a beneficial interest in
the Pemimpin Place Property. Woo J made several findings as to whether certain
assets were part of the father’s estate. He found that the Sea Avenue Property
was not part of the estate (at [139]), and also dismissed the Sister’s claim
of a beneficial interest in the Pemimpin Place Property (at [137]). He made no
order as to the Sister’s claim for damages and her claim that Mr Ong had
converted the estate’s assets (at [152]). However, Woo J found that there were
other assets and that Mr Ong had not given a proper account of the assets of
the father’s estate in the account he provided in 2011 (“the 2011 Account”)
(at [138]). Hence, he ordered an inquiry before the Registrar of the Supreme
Court to determine the shares owned by the estate in four different companies,
the value of all the assets in the estate, and the total value available for
distribution to the beneficiaries after taking into account debts, expenses
and permitted deductions (at [143]). No appeal was filed against Woo J’s
judgment (ie the 2012 Judgment).

6 An inquiry was conducted before Assistant Registrar Shaun Leong (“AR Leong”)
in Taking of Accounts or Inquiries No 13 of 2013 (“the Inquiry”), who decided
on 24 September 2013 that the estate was positive in the sum of $15,756.47 and
ordered Mr Ong to pay the Sister a sum of $1313 as her one-twelfth share of
the estate. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

AG’s Bundle of Affidavits (“AGBOA”) vol 1 Tab A2.

Following that, there was some dispute as to the interpretation of AR Leong’s
cost order given during the hearing, and AR Leong subsequently clarified that
Mr Ong was liable to pay the costs of the Inquiry.

7 Mr Ong applied for an extension of time to appeal AR Leong’s decision, which
was granted by Assistant Registrar Una Khng (“AR Khng”). Mr Ong appealed in
Registrar’s Appeal No 54 of 2014 (“RA 54”) on 25 February 2014 against AR
Leong’s substantive decision and decision on the costs of the Inquiry. The
Sister then filed an appeal, Registrar’s Appeal No 72 of 2014 (“RA 72”),
against AR Khng’s decision.

8 On 3 March 2014, in relation to S 385/2011, Woo J reconsidered his previous
costs decision on 3 February 2014 (when he decided that each party was to bear
his or her own costs) after further submissions on costs, and decided that Mr
Ong was to pay the Sister costs of the trial fixed at $10,000 (“the Costs
Order”). Subsequently, Mr Ong sent two letters to court on 4 March and 5 March
2014 respectively to request for further arguments to be made with respect to
the Costs Order. Woo J declined to hear further arguments.

9 On 17 March 2014, two appeals, RA 54 and RA 72, were listed for hearing
before Judicial Commissioner Lee Kim Shin (“Lee JC”). The Sister’s counsel
submitted that the two appeals were best heard by Woo J as he was the trial
judge, and Mr Ong did not object. Thus, Lee JC adjourned the two appeals to be
heard by Woo J.

10 On 27 March 2014, Mr Ong sent a letter to the Registry of the Supreme Court
(“the Registry”) stating that he was requesting for leave to appeal and
extension of time in respect of the Costs Order. The Registry wrote on the
same day requiring details of his request for leave to appeal and the details
and reasons for his request for extension of time. Mr Ong sent a letter to
court dated 1 April 2014 setting out his reasons. On 8 April 2014, the
Registry replied that Woo J had directed that Mr Ong file a formal application
for leave to appeal on costs. However, no formal application was filed by Mr
Ong.

11 On 19 May 2014, Woo J heard RA 54 and RA 72, and the judgment is reported
at Ong Wui Swoon v Ong Wui Teck and another matter [2014] SGHC 157 (“2014
Judgment”). Woo J set aside AR Khng’s decision to allow Mr Ong an extension of
time to appeal against AR Leong’s substantive decision, but upheld AR Khng’s
decision that allowed the extension of time to appeal against the costs of the
Inquiry (at [12] of the 2014 Judgment). As to the costs order, Woo J affirmed
AR Leong’s order that Mr Ong was liable to pay the costs. Woo J set aside the
part of the order requiring costs to be taxed, and instead fixed the quantum
of costs at $400 (at [13]). Subsequently on 21 May 2014, Mr Ong wrote to the
court, seeking further arguments as to RA 54 and RA 72. Woo J declined to hear
further arguments, explaining that he had already considered the length of the
delay, the reasons for the delay, the merits of the appeal and the degree of
prejudice to the Sister if he was to be allowed to proceed with the
substantive appeal.

12 Mr Ong appealed against Woo J’s decision to disallow the grant of an
extension of time to appeal against AR Leong’s substantive decision and Woo
J’s decision to fix costs at $400 to be paid by Mr Ong to the Sister in Civil
Appeal Nos 95 and 96 of 2014 (“CA 95” and “CA 96”). He filed Summons No 3500
of 2014 (“Summons No 3500”) to merge the two appeals into one proceeding. The
Sister applied to strike out CA 95 and CA 96, which was granted by the Court
of Appeal on 9 March 2015. The Court of Appeal stated that it “has an inherent
jurisdiction to strike out an appeal that is bound to fail” and the appellate
court “[could] see no basis on which [Woo J’s] decision and exercise of
discretion can be interfered with and [it] therefore grant[ed] the application
to strike out the appeals”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Minute sheet dated 9 March 2015 for SUM 3611/2014 in CA 95/2014 and SUM
3612/2014 in CA 96/2014, found at AGBOA vol 1 Tab A18.

No order as to costs of the appeal was made.

Mother’s Estate Proceedings

13 In 2013, the Sister sought a revocation of Mr Ong’s appointment as executor
of their mother’s estate and her own appointment as administrator in Mr Ong’s
place in District Court No 483 of 2013 (“DC 483”). DC 483 was heard before
District Judge Seah Chi-Ling (“DJ Seah”) who dismissed the suit with costs to
be paid by the Sister to Mr Ong. The decision of DJ Seah is reported at Ong
Wui Soon v Ong Wui Teck [2015] SGDC 270. The Sister appealed to the High Court
in District Court Appeal No 21 of 2015 (“DCA 21”) against the whole of DJ
Seah’s decision. Mr Ong filed Originating Summons No 11 of 2016 (“OS 11”) to
apply for an order that the Sister apply for an extension of time to serve on
him documents in the record of appeal for DCA 21, the service of which was
omitted.

14 After the Sister brought DC 483 but before it was heard, Mr Ong filed
Originating Summons No 365 of 2014 (“OS 365”) on 16 April 2014 claiming
$75,000 as executor’s commission, and Originating Summons No 763 of 2014 (“OS
763”) on 7 August 2014, claiming, inter alia, that various deductions be made
from the beneficiaries’ shares of the mother’s estate, that the Sister pay
rent in respect of her occupation of the mother’s flat and other reliefs
arising out of her obstruction and delaying of the administration of the
estate, that certain sums be set aside from the estate, and for the court to
give directions on the distribution of the mother’s estate.

15 On 26 January 2016, Mr Ong and the Sister’s counsel attended a pre-trial
conference (“PTC”) for OS 11 before Assistant Registrar Miyapan Ramu (“AR
Ramu”) who informed that Woo J would be hearing OS 11 and DCA 21 together. OS
365 and OS 763 would be listed for hearing only after DCA 21 was decided. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Transcript for 26 January 2016, found at AGBOD vol 1 Tab B7.

The recusal application

16 On 28 January 2016, Mr Ong sent a letter to the Chief Justice of Singapore,
complaining that Woo J’s “independence is compromised”, and seeking to
disqualify Woo J from hearing the actions related to the mother’s estate. In
the same letter, Mr Ong also stated that “a strong criticism of the way Woo J
conducted the [Father’s Estate Proceedings]” was that he had awarded $10,000
to the Sister, “despite knowledge of an absence of a residuary estate as
pleaded”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AGBOA vol 1 at Tab B8.

On 2 February 2016, AR Ramu directed Mr Ong to file a formal recusal
application. Subsequently, Mr Ong filed OS 165 on 22 February 2016 to
disqualify Woo J from hearing all actions related to the mother’s estate, ie,
OS 11, DCA 21, OS 365 and OS 763 (“Mother’s Estate Actions”).

17 At the hearing of OS 165, Woo J decided to recuse himself. In his grounds
of decision, Ong Wui Teck v Ong Wui Swoon [2016] 2 SLR 1067 (“the Recusal
GD”), Woo J explained his decision to step aside as the assigned trial judge
of the mother’s estate was “not because there was any merit in Mr Ong’s
allegations against [him] but because, in the interest of justice, [he] was of
the view that [he] should not hear [Mr Ong’s] disputes with [the Sister] in
respect of [their] mother’s estate since [he] was contemplating making a
complaint about [Mr Ong’s] conduct to the appropriate authorities” (at [81]).
Woo J observed that Mr Ong’s allegations “were not made bona fide and … in
contempt of court” (at [81]).

18 Subsequently, in May 2016, the Attorney-General’s Chambers (“AGC”) wrote to
Mr Ong to inform him that the allegations he made in the OS 165 Affidavits
were in contempt of court. The letter stated that the allegations were
“completely baseless”, “not made in good faith”, and had “scandalised the
Court”. The AGC notified Mr Ong that he was liable for contempt of court,
which is a serious offence, and invited him to “wholly withdraw [his]
contemptuous allegations and unreservedly apologise to Woo J and the Supreme
Court” if he had come to regret his actions. It was also stated in no unclear
terms that the AGC would take appropriate action if he did not do so. Mr Ong
refused to withdraw his allegations and apologise.

Allegations made in the OS 165 Affidavits

19 In the statement supporting the AG’s application for an order of committal
filed pursuant to O 52 r 2(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev
Ed) (“RSC”), the AG listed 18 allegations (“the Allegations”) made by Mr Ong
in the OS 165 Affidavits which are the subject of the committal proceedings.
For convenience, the Allegations are split between those made in respect of
the father’s estate and the mother’s estate. That said, they do overlap in
some instances.

20 The allegations made in respect of the Father’s Estate Proceedings are as
follows:

(a) “There is extreme biasness in the way Woo J had conducted the trial of
[the] father’s estate” (1st OS 165 Affidavit at para 13);

(b) “Although it was brought up to Woo J in S 385/2011, he vehemently refused
to recognise the material fact that the opposing party had obstructed the
accounting of the estate” (1st OS 165 Affidavit at para 49);

(c) Woo J “was steering towards a biased finding of failure to give proper
account in any event” and Woo J “[e]ither … failed to recognize … relevant
material evidence … or … biasedly chose to ignore it”, “was clearly biased in
favour of the opposing party/solicitor” and “was granting the solicitor
impunity on a silver platter” (1st OS 165 Affidavit at para 28 and 34; 2nd OS
165 Affidavit at para 35);

(d) “The sham cost order that [Mr Ong] pay the opposing party $10,000 was
intended to influence the course and the outcome of the hearing before [Lee
JC]” (1st OS 165 Affidavit at para 40);

(e) “With the sham cost order made on the finding of a so-called improper
account at the main trial, [Woo J] was steering the appeal of the inquiry
towards an outcome unfavourable to [Mr Ong] by influencing [Lee JC]” (2nd OS
165 Affidavit at para 35);

(f) “Woo J must have acknowledged the strength of [Mr Ong’s] case to the
extent that he had to intercept with a sham cost order on the basis of a so-
called improper account ruling, to prevent an award of accounting costs to [Mr
Ong] and to steer towards an outcome in the opposing party’s favour, and in so
doing, also relieve the solicitor from culpability for her various acts of
impropriety” (1st OS 165 Affidavit at para 42);

(g) Woo J’s “sham cost order is a means to remove [Mr Ong] as executor of
[the] mother’s estate as $10,000 was the threshold for bankruptcy action to be
instituted against [Mr Ong] … With his nuanced approach and its ensuing
corollary, [Woo J] was in fact, killing the proverbial two birds with one
stone, albeit four birds in this instance” (2nd OS 165 Affidavit at para 35);

(h) “Woo J must have recognised that the arguments of the opposing party are
clearly devoid of merit, and hence, by deciding not to proceed with the
substantive appeal of the inquiry, [Woo J] had allowed this matter of fraud to
be swept under the carpet” (1st OS 165 Affidavit at para 37; 2nd OS 165
Affidavit at para 16);

(i) Since Woo J “did not see it fit to order a correction” of a “falsified
Order of Court” in respect of RA 54 which “was presented in the opposing
party’s Affidavit to strike out [Mr Ong’s] Notice of Appeal in [CA 95 and CA
96]”, “this is complicity” by Woo J (1st OS 165 Affidavit at para 22);

(j) Woo J “had allowed the nature and function of the court to be transformed
from a court dispensing justice into an instrument of injustice, condoning
oppression by the opposing party in subjecting [Mr Ong] to unnecessary time,
effort and costs at the main trial and at the inquiry” (1st OS 165 Affidavit
at para 55); and

(k) “To uphold his finding of improper account [in the Father’s Estate
Proceedings] and to sustain his sham cost order … in favour of the opposing
party, Woo J would disregard evidence” (2nd OS 165 Affidavit at para 35).

21 The allegations made in respect of the Mother’s Estate Actions are as
follows:

(a) “Evidence in [the] mother’s estate that are in [Mr Ong’s] favour but which
impinges on [Woo J’s] findings and rulings on [the] father’s estate will be
disregarded [by Woo J] at [Mr Ong’s] expense”. Woo J “would not bring an
impartial mind to the issues relating to his prior findings [in the Father’s
Estate Proceedings], thereby making fair hearings [in the Mother’s Estate
Actions] unattainable” (2nd OS 165 Affidavit at para 35);

(b) “Woo J has a vested interest to uphold his rulings in S 385/2011, even
though they are plainly wrong against the weight of the evidence, which he
biasedly refuse [sic] to acknowledge” (1st OS 165 Affidavit at para 48);

(c) “Woo J had conducted himself [such] that a high probability arises of a
bias inconsistent with the fair performance of his duties … There is a
miscarriage of justice in [Woo J’s] conduct of the action on [the] father’s
estate and given [Woo J’s] vested interest to uphold his ruling, he would, in
all likelihood, rule to [Mr Ong’s] detriment and to the detriment of [the]
mother’s estate” (1st OS 165 Affidavit at para 54);

(d) “Woo J, in this instance, has morphed from a judge into a supernumery
[sic] opposing lawyer.” He cannot “fully remove all trace of odour from the
air of impartiality. Indeed, the more he seeks to justify his position, the
stronger the smell may grow” (1st OS 165 Affidavit at para 58). “The
perception of bias is more real than apparent. The stench from the air of
impartiality is overbearing” (1st OS 165 Affidavit at para 59);

(e) The Supreme Court’s system of allocation of cases has been “violated” by
Woo J’s “procurement” of cases relating to the father’s estate and the
mother’s estate to be heard by himself (1st OS 165 Affidavit at para 6);

(f) Woo J had “violated” the principle of judicial impartiality in his
“conduct of the trial/hearings … in the action on [the] father’s estate as
well as in his attempt to hear the appeal on the action of [the] mother’s
estate in [DCA 21] regardless of the outcome in [OS 11]” (1st OS 165 Affidavit
at para 14); and

(g) The Supreme Court’s fixing of OS 11 and DCA 21 to be heard on the same
date shows “a prejudgment or predetermination of a dismissal” of OS 11, and
“clear biasness, not to mention the obstruction of justice being condoned”
(1st OS 165 Affidavit at paras 17 and 19).

22 The thrust of the AG’s case is that all the Allegations go beyond and
exceed what is fair criticism typical in a recusal application to constitute
contempt of court, ie, scandalising contempt and contempt in the face of the
court. In contrast, Mr Ong maintains that the Allegations constitute fair
criticisms irrespective of his bluntness and choice of words since there are
rational bases for the Allegations.

23 Mr Khoo Boo Jin (“Mr Khoo”) for the AG, submits that the motive of Mr Ong
in including the Allegations in OS 165 was to forum shop, ie, to prevent Woo J
from hearing the Mother’s Estate Actions. This was evident, inter alia, from
Mr Ong’s substantial delay in raising Woo J’s allegedly biased conduct that
happened in 2012 only in 2016.

Mr Ong’s case

24 As I have alluded to earlier, Mr Ong’s position is that there are rational
bases for the Allegations and they were made bona fide. They are “legitimate
criticisms” and constitute a “respectful dissent towards a flawed judgment
riddled with biasness”. They were made within the confines of the court and
presented as part of the conduct of the proceedings for his recusal; they were
not in the public domain and any inspection by a member of the public would
have to be explicitly authorised. He argues that the Allegations point out the
bias of Woo J, which was “more real than apparent”, and “are not ad hominem
attacks”. As his focus in OS 165 was recusal premised on the preponderance of
biasness, vested interest and conflict of interest, the criticisms would have
to be delivered in a manner commensurate with the premise of biasness; the
statements may be “strongly worded” and “robust, direct and outspoken”, but
“certainly warranted under the circumstances”. He also claims that the
Allegations were directed not at the court as a whole, but solely at Woo J.

25 Mr Ong acknowledges that errors of fact and law do not constitute bias, but
submits that the plethora of missteps taken and made by Woo J taken in
aggregate shows that he was biased. Woo J had changed the complexion of the
matter from one that was entirely favourable to him to one that he had to
assume liability, even to the extent of being denied professional accounting
costs. Mr Ong disagrees with Mr Khoo’s contention that the Allegations were
made for the purpose of forum-shopping. His recusal application was not devoid
of merit since it was on the basis of a conflict of interest. And since Woo J
had made “unjust” rulings with regard to the father’s estate, these rulings
could be relied upon by the Sister in the mother’s estate and it would be
double jeopardy if Woo J heard the Mother’s Estate Actions. In response to Mr
Khoo’s submission that there has been substantial delay in raising the
Allegations (see [23] above), Mr Ong claims that his allegations of bias were
evident since 2014 from his objection to Woo J hearing Summons No 3500.

26 Mr Ong submits that contempt in the face of the court is said to compromise
the unlawful interruption, disruption and obstruction of court proceedings
(You Xin v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2007] 4 SLR(R) 17 (“You Xin”)
at [18]), which did not occur in the present case.

Preliminary points

27 At the outset, I will address Mr Ong’s argument that the Allegations made
are acceptable and justified because they are presented as the basis for his
recusal application. In other words, Mr Ong submits that his criticisms of Woo
J are necessary for him to succeed in his application. I disagree. Where
criticisms are coloured to the extent that they attract the law of contempt,
the litigant cannot claim protection under the realm of recusal. To
illustrate, in R v Collins [1954] VLR 46 (“Collins”), the Supreme Court of
Victoria rejected the respondent’s argument that the matters alleged to be
contemptuous were relevant to the proceedings, and therefore were incapable of
constituting contempt. The court held that “violent abuse, unsubstantiated
allegations of dishonesty, and attempted sarcasm or ridicule, directed at the
Court and its Judges, cannot be relevant, because they cannot be regarded as
reasonably and honestly put forward as the foundation of a serious and genuine
argument” (at 55).

28 Mr Ong raises two peripheral points. First, he claims that Woo J had found
that he was in contempt of court in the Recusal GD, and that finding had to be
set aside first. Mr Ong has misread the Recusal GD. It is clear that Woo J did
not make a finding of contempt against Mr Ong. Woo J made an observation (not
finding) that Mr Ong’s “allegations against [the] court were not made bona
fide and he was acting in contempt of court” (at [81] of the Recusal GD).
While Woo J held the view that Mr Ong’s Allegations were groundless, he
nevertheless decided to recuse himself because the severity of the Allegations
warranted a referral of the matter to the AGC for investigation. Woo J
highlighted that the question of contempt, if any, “is to be dealt with
separately”. This means that the AGC was to come to its own decision whether
to bring contempt proceedings against Mr Ong. The contempt proceedings are now
before me, and as the judge hearing the proceedings, I have to decide whether
there is any contempt of court. There is no merit in Mr Ong’s argument that he
is prejudiced by virtue of the Recusal GD and that it should have been set
aside before this committal proceeding is heard.

29 Mr Ong’s second peripheral point is that I should not hear the committal
proceedings because I granted leave to commence the committal proceeding. His
first argument is based on the fact that ex parte leave should not have been
granted without first setting aside the Recusal GD that purportedly found him
in contempt, and that I had a vested interest in upholding the leave order
without setting aside. This first argument makes no sense. The Recusal GD made
no finding on liability for contempt. As regards Mr Ong’s other argument that
since I was the judge who granted leave, the committal proceeding should be
heard by another judge, again, this is an untenable point. The standard of
proof in a leave application, which is that of a prima facie case, is very
different from that in the actual committal proceeding, where the AG still has
to prove beyond reasonable doubt that the Allegations constitute contempt of
court. The fixing of the actual committal proceeding before the same judge who
heard the leave application is routine, manifesting a system that serves the
efficiency of the administration of justice.

Scandalising contempt

The law on scandalising contempt

30 The applicable law in the present case is the common law, because the
Allegations were made before the Administration of Justice (Protection) Act
2016 (No 19 of 2016) came into force on 1 October 2017. The applicable
principles for scandalising contempt in common law have been laid down in
Shadrake Alan v Attorney-General [2011] 3 SLR 778 (“Shadrake Alan”) and
reaffirmed in subsequent cases such as Au Wai Pang v Attorney-General [2016] 1
SLR 992 (“Au Wai Pang”). The fundamental purpose underlying the law relating
to contempt of court in general and scandalising contempt in particular is to
ensure that public confidence in the administration of justice is not
undermined (Shadrake Alan at [22]). The doctrine of contempt of court is not
intended, in any manner or fashion whatsoever, to protect the dignity of the
judges as such; its purpose is more objective and is (more importantly) rooted
in the public interest (Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd v Karaha Bodas Co LLC
[2007] 2 SLR(R) 518 at [22]).

31 Scandalising contempt of court is made out when the statement intentionally
published by the contemnor poses a real risk of undermining public confidence
in the administration of justice (Shadrake Alan at [25] and [57]). The only
mens rea required to establish a scandalising contempt of court is that the
publication is intentional, and it is not necessary to prove an intention to
undermine public confidence in the administration of justice (Shadrake Alan at
[23]). The court must make an objective decision as to whether or not the
particular statement would undermine public confidence in the administration
of justice, as assessed by the effect of the impugned statement on the average
reasonable person (Shadrake Alan at [32]). In this regard, the precise facts
and context in which the impugned statement is made is crucial (at [35]). A
“real risk” does not include a remote or fanciful possibility (Shadrake Alan
at [36]).

32 The Court of Appeal in Au Wai Pang expressed the view that any statement
that impugns the qualities of judicial independence and impartiality and
suggests that they have been compromised would necessarily as well as
undoubtedly undermine public confidence in the judiciary (at [37]). In my
view, the question is whether there is a real risk having regard to the facts
as well as the surrounding context (Shadrake Alan at [30]).

33 Where an impugned statement constitutes fair criticism, it is not
contemptuous (at [80]). To determine whether the statement is fair criticism
made in good faith, the court can take into account a wide range of factors,
including but not limited to (Shadrake Alan at [81], citing with approval
Attorney-General v Tan Liang Joo John [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1132 at [14]):

(a) whether there is some reason or basis for the criticism and the extent to
which it is supported by the rational basis – otherwise, it would amount to an
unsupported attack on the court;

(b) the manner in which the criticism is made: the criticism must generally be
expressed in a temperate, dispassionate and balanced manner, since an
intention to vilify the courts is easily inferred where outrageous and abusive
language is used;

(c) the party’s attitude in court; and

(d) the number of instances of contemning conduct.

34 On the concept of fair criticism, the Court of Appeal in Shadrake Alan (at
[84]) also held that an imputation of judicial impartiality or impropriety was
not ipso facto scandalising contempt because the contrary position overly
limits the ambit of fair criticism.

35 With these principles in mind, I now turn to the facts of this case.

Whether there has been publication

36 I accept Mr Ong’s evidence that he did not disseminate the Allegations
outside court documents. Nonetheless, Mr Khoo submits that it would constitute
sufficient publication for the purpose of establishing scandalising contempt
where contemptuous statements are made in documents filed, tendered or read in
court. On the other hand, Mr Ong takes the position that the Allegations were
made within the confines of the court and presented as part of the conduct of
the proceedings for his recusal application; they were not in the public
domain and any inspection by a member of the public would have to be
explicitly authorised.

37 In Collins, the Supreme Court of Victoria held that contemptuous
allegations in affidavits placed before the court could constitute both
classes of contemptuous material: first, publications which are calculated to
embarrass a tribunal in arriving at its decisions, and second, publications
which tend to detract from the authority and influence of judicial
determination, and publications calculated to impair the confidence of the
people in the court’s judgments because the matter published aims at lowering
the authority of the court as a whole or that of its judges (at 48, 49 and
52). The affidavits constituted the first class because they were placed
before and published to the judge, so even if they were published no further
(and not read out), such an attack constituted a criminal contempt, because of
the tendency of the affidavits to embarrass the tribunal itself arriving at
its decisions. The affidavits also amounted to the second class known as
scandalising the court. The court held that to place a document on a public
file is prima facie a publication to all (including the press) who may
thereafter inspect the file (at 52).

38 Similarly, in Re Wiseman [1969] NZLR 55, the Court of Appeal of Wellington
held that allegations contained in four affidavits and one notice of motion on
appeal to the Court of Appeal constituted contempt of court, because the
allegations clearly had the tendency to lower the authority of the Courts and
the judges.

39 In Hong Kong, the Court of First Instance in Secretary for Justice v Choy
Bing Wing [2005] HKEC 1971 held that the respondent to be in contempt for
allegations of dishonesty of a judge in his affidavit filed in support of his
application for recusal of the judge, individually and taken together with the
abuse which he heaped upon the judge in court (at [89]).

40 Mr Ong cites the case of McGuirk v University of New South Wales [2009]
NSWSC 1058, where the Supreme Court of New South Wales agreed with the holding
in Collins that placing an affidavit containing contemptuous allegations
before the court may satisfy the technical requirement for publication.
However, that is not the end of the inquiry. The Supreme Court reminded that
the court still has to determine whether the matter published has, as a
practical reality, a tendency to interfere with the due course of justice in a
particular case (at [252] and [260]). Although the test in New South Wales is
different from the law in Singapore, Mr Khoo similarly has to satisfy the
inquiry as to whether the publication poses a real risk of undermining public
confidence in the administration of justice.

41 Although the number of people to whom the OS 165 Affidavits were
distributed is small, the liberty to search information and inspect certain
documents filed in the Registry is provided in O 60 r 4 of the RSC. Order 60 r
4(2) provides that any person shall, on payment of the prescribed fee and with
leave of the Registrar, subject to any practice directions issued by the
Registrar, be entitled to search for, inspect and take a copy of any of the
documents filed in the Registry. As explained by Lee Sieu Kin J in Tan Chi Min
v The Royal Bank of Scotland Plc [2013] 4 SLR 529 (“Tan Chi Min”), at [14],
the principle of open justice requires that decisions by judges (and
Registrars) in court proceedings be amenable to scrutiny by members of the
public through inspection of documents filed in court that were considered in
the decision-making process. This serves to promote public confidence in the
administration of justice. The principle of open justice is engaged only when
a court has made a decision involving a consideration of those documents. Lee
J decided that public inspection of originating processes and pleadings would
be allowed the moment they are filed at the registry (at [20]), and affidavits
of evidence-in-chief in civil trials conducted in open court and affidavits
filed in support of interlocutory applications should generally be allowed
from the time the affidavits in question have been admitted (at [22] and
[26]). Guided by these considerations, the decision to allow public inspection
upon an application lies in the hand of the duty registrar Practically, this
may not be a large group of people, but I find that they (together with the
Sister and her counsel) nonetheless encompass a public audience, whose
confidence in the public administration of justice is subject to a real risk
of being undermined. The extent of dissemination is a factor to be considered
in sentencing.

42 In the present case, Mr Ong had intentionally affirmed and filed the OS 165
Affidavits in court, and also served them on the opposing party and her
counsel. The OS 165 Affidavits were used and relied upon at the recusal
hearing. Accordingly, I find that the Allegations in the OS 165 Affidavits
filed in court amount to publication, and the mens rea for the offence of
scandalising contempt is satisfied. Subsequently, Mr Ong also tendered the OS
165 Affidavits to Judicial Commissioner Kannan Ramesh (as he then was) for the
hearings of DCA 21 and OS 11. That is again publication of the Allegations.

Whether the Allegations pose a real risk of undermining public confidence in
the administration of justice

43 Mr Khoo has grouped the Allegations into five categories: (a) allegations
of extreme bias; (b) allegations of a sham cost order; (c) allegations of a
falsified order of court; (d) allegations of procurement of hearings; and (e)
allegations of lack of impartiality in relation to DCA 21 and OS 11. I find
this categorisation helpful in analysing whether there is contempt of court.

44 Although the basis for Mr Ong’s recusal application is that Woo J had a
conflict of interest or a vested interest given his rulings in the Father’s
Estate Proceedings, for the reasons stated below, the criticisms are in fact
castigations that go beyond what is necessary to support the legal and factual
basis for the recusal application. The Allegations, in no uncertain terms,
cast serious aspersions on Woo J, a judge of the Supreme Court of Singapore,
of being extremely biased in that he favoured the Sister, namely (a) accusing
him of sweeping the wrongdoing of the Sister and her counsel under the carpet,
(b) giving a sham cost order, (c) condoning a falsified court order, (d)
procuring hearings before himself so as to perpetuate his biased rulings, and
(e) fixing two hearings in the Mother’s Estate Actions on the same day, such
that he morphed into “a supernumery [sic] opposing lawyer”. While accepting
that an applicant in a recusal application would allege actual or apparent
bias on the part of the judge (see BOI v BOJ [2018] 2 SLR 1156), Mr Ong’s
allegations are strongly coloured by accusations of complicity and obstruction
of justice on the part of the judge in blatantly advocating the cause of the
Sister. These serious and insidious accusations reflect on the integrity,
propriety and impartiality of the court as a whole, and to this end would
serve to lower the authority of the judiciary. Therefore, this creates a real
risk of undermining public confidence in the administration of justice, seen
from the perspective of the average reasonable person (Shadrake Alan at [32]).
Although Mr Ong thinks otherwise, he has impugned the integrity of the
judicial system in the administration of justice in his complaints in (c), (d)
and (e). These complaints regarding the falsified court order, the procurement
of cases and the fixing of hearings necessarily involve the Registry in its
case management and listing of cases for hearing. The risk of undermining
public confidence is made more real bearing in mind that Mr Ong was a party in
the Father’s Estate Proceedings and the Mother’s Estate Actions. Thus, the
public would think that his criticisms were grounded on the events and facts
he was apprised of.

45 Mr Ong’s allegations - that Woo J was biased in favouring the Sister and
that he procured hearings in order to perpetuate his own erroneous rulings in
the Father’s Estate Proceedings amounting to bias - were similar in purpose to
the allegation of manipulating the timing of hearings in Aw Wai Pang. In Aw
Wai Pang, the Court of Appeal held that the entire thrust of the allegedly
contemptuous article was to “allege a vested and improper interest on the part
of the Chief Justice in upholding the constitutionality of s 377A” and to
accuse Justice Quentin Loh of being “complicit in this illicit plan”. The
court held that this “insidious attack on the independence as well as
impartiality of the judiciary goes to the very heart of what the (indeed, any)
judiciary stands for and clearly undermines public confidence in the
administration of justice” (at [48]) (emphasis in original).

Whether the Allegations constitute fair criticism

46 Following the prevailing view of the Court of Appeal in Shadrake Alan at
[80] and Au Wai Pang at [18], fair criticism is an element of the offence
rather than a defence. It is worth noting that temperate, balanced criticism
allows for rational debate about the issues raised and thus may even
contribute to the improvement and strengthening of the administration of
justice. Scurrilous and preposterous attacks, on the other hand, are likely to
have the opposite effect (Shadrake Alan at [81]). Above all, balanced and
temperate criticisms have to be in good faith.

47 Mr Ong contends that the Allegations constitute fair criticisms because
there are rational and credible bases for them, in that there was apparent
bias or actual bias on the part of Woo J. On the other hand, Mr Khoo submits
that there is no basis or reason for the Allegations, and that they were made
in bad faith because they were driven by his motive to judge-shop.

Allegations of extreme bias

48 In relation to extreme bias, Mr Ong cites seven grounds as the rational
bases to support his claim that the allegations made are fair criticisms: (a)
that Woo J ignored the fact that the father’s estate was negative; (b) that
Woo J did not allow him to claim his administrator’s expenses; (c) that the
costs of Inquiry was not awarded to him; (d) that Woo J condoned the Sister’s
fraud (see [62] below); (e) that the timing of the orders made it impossible
for him to appeal; (f) that Woo J recused himself and published the Recusal
GD; and (g) that Woo J misled him into thinking that Woo J would recuse
himself.

49 At the outset, I make three points. First, in the present committal
proceeding, I am not concerned with whether the orders made by Woo J are
correct. Neither am I deciding on whether Woo J’s decision on the recusal
application is correct. Second, various complaints raised by Mr Ong here are
purported errors of law made by Woo J; however, any error of law or of fact
“cannot be translated into an appearance of bias on the part of the learned
judge” (Tang Liang Hong v Lee Kuan Yew and another and other appeals [1997] 3
SLR(R) 576 at [60]). Third, Mr Ong decided not to appeal Woo J’s orders or
failed to appeal in time where errors are now being alleged. These matters
render it more difficult to appreciate Mr Ong’s argument that the alleged
errors made by Woo J were motivated by his bias. If anything, to run this
argument, Mr Ong has to show that the errors made were deliberate in order to
advance the Sister’s case. Mr Ong’s accusations are not borne out by the
evidence, and I will explain each of them in detail.

Allegation of Woo J ignoring the purported fact that the father’s estate was
negative

50 Mr Ong submits that Woo J ignored his repeated averment that the father’s
estate was negative in the proceedings in S 385/2011, in his costs submissions
for S 385/2011, and in the hearings for RA 54 and RA 72. Mr Ong takes the
position that AR Leong had in fact found the estate to be negative, as seen
from his finding that “without the component of the OCBC shares, there would
be no positive value”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Record of hearing for TA 13/2013 on 24 September 2013, at AGBOA vol 1 Tab A2.

Mr Ong also accuses Woo J of ignoring the substantive merits of the dispute
that the estate was negative by not granting the extension of time to appeal
against AR Leong’s substantive decision. According to Mr Ong, Woo J had
abrogated his responsibility in examining whether the estate was negative,
when Woo J held in the Recusal GD that it was for Mr Ong to persuade AR Leong
that the estate was negative, and when Woo J remarked at the hearing for RA 54
that he did not wish to hear any more about the estate being negative. Mr Ong
argues that because the growth was on the back of a negative estate and would
not have been possible if not for his funding of the estate, he was entitled
to the growth as a creditor of the estate. This is because the value of the
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation (“OCBC”) shares as at the time of the
father’s death was not sufficient to bring the value of the estate to a
positive sum, but the value of the shares increased over the years.

51 It is pertinent to note from the outset that Mr Ong won in relation to the
most valuable assets in dispute in S 385/2011, namely the Sea Avenue Property
and the Pemimpin Place Property. In the 2012 Judgment, Woo J made findings as
to which properties were part of the father’s estate. Woo J found that the
OCBC shares were part of the father’s estate, since he did not accept Mr Ong’s
testimony on how the shares had been used to reimburse the mother for paying
the estate duty liabilities (at [84]). Any bonus share issues or scrip or cash
dividends relating to the shares would also have to be accounted for by Mr Ong
(at [145]). At that stage, Woo J was unable to determine the quantum of the
estate without ordering the Inquiry. He made no decision as to whether the
estate was positive or negative in value. Mr Ong did not appeal against the
findings of Woo J on the various assets held to be part of the estate.

52 At the Inquiry stage, AR Leong found that the total value of the OCBC
shares was $25,975.47 as of 31 March 2013, and taking into account all the
assets of the estate and the same amount of the estate’s debt ascertained at
the main trial, AR Leong found that “the estate is in fact positive to the sum
of $15,756.47” [emphasis added] (at [11] of his brief grounds of decision). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Record of hearing for TA 13/2013 on 24 September 2013, at AGBOA vol 1 Tab A2.

I pause here to note that it was in fact AR Leong, and not Woo J, who made the
finding that the estate was positive. AR Leong then considered whether
interests should be awarded on the amount to be distributed to the Sister and
decided that none should be awarded. AR Leong explained that this was because
without the component of the OCBC shares in the estate, there would be no
positive value in the estate for any interests to be calculated upon. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Record of hearing for TA 13/2013 on 24 September 2013, at AGBOA vol 1 Tab A2.

53 Thereafter, Mr Ong attempted to appeal AR Leong’s substantive decision out
of time, but his application for an extension of time was rejected.
Nevertheless, Mr Ong kept on repeating his position that the father’s estate
was negative at the date of the father’s death, and the increase in the value
of the OCBC shares over the years should not be attributed to the estate, but
rather to him, as a creditor of the estate. Mr Ong places great emphasis on
the fact that he had told Woo J in the hearing on costs for S 385/2011 on 3
February 2014 that the father’s estate was negative, and has suggested that
AGC has intentionally omitted the record of hearing for that hearing from its
documents submitted for the committal proceeding. Notably, the date 3 February
2014 was after AR Leong had made his finding on 24 September 2013 that the
father’s estate was positive. Repeating his position during the hearing on 3
February 2014 was ineffectual, because the proper avenue would be for Mr Ong
to appeal AR Leong’s decision. He failed to do so within time. It is absurd
for Mr Ong to impute bias on Woo J for not considering the fact that the
father’s estate was negative when AR Leong had made the finding in the Inquiry
that the estate was positive. During the hearing before me, Mr Ong also kept
repeating that Woo J was aware that the estate was confirmed to be negative.
This is clearly against AR Leong’s finding, and also against Woo J’s decision
that the OCBC shares were part of the father’s estate, which Mr Ong did not
appeal against. Mr Ong attempts to rely on AR Leong’s reasoning for not
awarding interests, which was that the estate would be negative without the
OCBC shares. However, this does not affect AR Leong’s decision that the
estate, constituting of assets including the OCBC shares, was in fact
positive. In this context, Mr Ong’s dissatisfaction stems from Woo J’s refusal
to grant leave to appeal against AR Leong’s substantive decision. I will
elaborate on this aspect shortly (see [57] below).

54 Mr Ong relied on Shadrake Alan at [85] to argue that not appealing the
judge’s decision should not be taken into account as a consideration because
it would be unfair to those who do not have the means to pursue an appeal. Mr
Ong’s reliance on the paragraph is misplaced. The Court of Appeal in Shadrake
Alan, in rejecting the argument that allegations made outside the formal
avenues can never amount to fair criticism, opined that it would be too
onerous a limitation on the right to free speech because an alleged contemnor
should not be precluded from proffering fair criticism merely because he or
she did not have the means or did not choose to air his or her rationally
supported criticisms via any of the formal legal avenues (at [85]). This does
not mean that where a party chose not to appeal against a judge’s decision, it
cannot be taken into consideration among all the circumstances to determine
whether the allegations of bias against that judge amount to fair criticism.
The party’s decision not to appeal, along with any purported reasons behind
his or her decision, can be taken into account.

Allegations of bias in relation to the administrator’s expenses and the costs
of the Inquiry

55 Mr Ong alleges that Woo J’s rulings are contrary to legal principles that
the administrator’s entitlement to administration costs, which professional
accounting costs are part of, shall have priority in payment from the estate
over debts and residuary estate. It is to be noted that these administration
costs that are the subject of Mr Ong’s complaints are additional expenses that
were not put before Woo J by Mr Ong during the hearing for S 385/2011. In
fact, Woo J awarded all testamentary, probate administration expenses as
claimed by Mr Ong, namely, “[e]state duty”, “[i]ncome tax liability”, “[l]egal
& professional fees”, “[f]uneral expenses” and “[e]xpenses on father’s
medical/hospital bills/alternative medical treatment, other incidental &
miscellaneous expenses” (at [65]). The claim for the additional administration
costs only surfaced during the Inquiry before AR Leong. Therefore, to use this
particular allegation now to justify fair criticism is ill-founded and evinces
absence of good faith on the part of Mr Ong in his criticism of Woo J.

56 Mr Ong reused the same point in [55] above at the hearings of RA 54 and RA
72 before Woo J (see [7] above). To summarise Mr Ong’s argument, his complaint
is that Woo J, in refusing to grant leave to extend time to appeal against the
substantive decision of AR Leong, was motivated by bias. This is because he
did not review AR Leong’s decision to reject Mr Ong’s claim for additional
administration costs. AR Leong had given reasons for his decision: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Record of hearing for TA 13/2013 on 24 September 2013, at AGBOA vol 1 Tab A2.

[the defendant] did not seek such reimbursement before the Court in [the main
trial], neither did he adduce any evidence to support his assertions that he
had paid for the estate’s liabilities before the Court. There was in addition,
no such application before the present court for such sums to be reimbursed,
nor was there any credible evidence placed before me to support the
defendant’s claims.

57 Plainly, Mr Ong’s criticism of Woo J is unfair and lacks bona fides. AR
Leong’s understanding of Mr Ong’s claim for the additional administration
costs was that it ought to have been placed before Woo J in S 385/2011. It
follows that the source of the state of affairs was Mr Ong’s own omission to
include the additional administration costs in the hearing for S 385/2011
before Woo J. In so far as Mr Ong’s criticism that Woo J’s decision in
rejecting his application for extension of time to appeal against AR Leong’s
substantive decision is concerned, that is a nonstarter, given the Court of
Appeal’s decision to uphold Woo J’s decisions, when it dismissed CA 95 and CA
96. The Court of Appeal held that it could “see no basis on which [Woo J’s]
decision and exercise of discretion [could] be interfered with”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AGBOA vol 1 Tab A18.

58 As for the leave to appeal AR Leong’s order on the costs of the Inquiry out
of time, Woo J granted leave. The criticism of Woo J relates to his upholding
of AR Leong’s order that Mr Ong was to bear the costs of the Inquiry, which
Woo J fixed at $400. This stems from Mr Ong’s disagreement that he should bear
the costs of the Inquiry, maintaining the view that the Sister should bear the
costs. Woo J’s explanation at [48] in the 2014 Judgment was that Mr Ong was to
bear the costs of the Inquiry because the Sister was the successful party in
the Inquiry. Woo J fixed costs to avoid the costs of taxation. Given that the
Sister only obtained $1,313 from the Inquiry, and taking into account the
number of days of the Inquiry, Woo J found the sum of $400 to be proportionate
(at [48] of the 2014 Judgment). From the explanations in the 2014 Judgment, it
is hard to discern any bias as alleged by Mr Ong, who comes across simply as a
litigant who is dissatisfied with the outcome.

59 Mr Ong is someone who puts forward claims on a piecemeal basis, and when he
fails in his attempts, he complains about bias. One further example is his
claim for tax consultancy expenses, which he claimed before Woo J on the first
day of the costs hearing of S 385/2011 (on 3 February 2014). As explained at
[55] above, the amount of tax liability was already claimed for and awarded by
Woo J in the 2012 Judgment. Mr Ong cannot turn around now and claim that Woo J
was biased in rejecting his additional claim for tax consultancy expenses when
it was brought up as a claim more than one year after the trial.

60 Mr Ong further argues that Woo J chose to ignore the substantive merits of
the dispute with his decision in RA 72, and abrogated his responsibility in
judging whether the father’s estate was negative. Woo J, in his 2014 Judgment,
has clearly explained his reasoning, based on established legal principles,
for deciding to overturn AR Khng’s decision allowing the extension of time to
appeal against AR Leong’s substantive decision, while affirming AR Khng’s
decision allowing the extension of time to appeal against AR Leong’s costs
decision. It is a principled and fair decision, and Mr Ong cannot impute,
without providing any evidence, an improper motive to Woo J in deciding to
overturn AR Khng’s decision partially. Mr Ong failed to appeal AR Leong’s
decision out of time, and could not later accuse Woo J of deliberately
refusing to decide that the father’s estate was negative.

61 Mr Ong accuses Woo J of misrepresenting his position in the 2014 Judgment
at [59], where it was stated that Mr Ong had wrongly attributed a value of
$3,893.75 to the OCBC shares instead of $25,975.47 as found by AR Leong. This
statement is misleading according to Mr Ong because it did not take into
account the different times at which the OCBC shares were valued. At the death
of the father, the value was $3,893.75, and using this value, the estate would
be negative. The value only rose to $25,975.47 in 2013. In my view, Woo J was
being consistent with his own decision in the 2012 Judgment that the OCBC
shares formed part of the estate and with the findings made by AR Leong in the
Inquiry.

Allegation that Woo J condoned the misbehaviour of the Sister and her counsel
in relation to the UOB bank account

62 Mr Ong alleges that he had a basis for calling Woo J biased because Woo J
had allowed the Sister and her counsel to get away with their fraud in
concealing the Sister’s possession of the United Overseas Bank (“UOB”) account
passbook, which prevented Mr Ong from putting up a complete account of the
father’s estate. Mr Khoo’s treatment of this allegation falls under Mr Ong’s
broader allegation of Woo J’s extreme bias, to which Mr Khoo submits that it
is devoid of any rational or credible basis. Mr Khoo mainly argues that these
allegations were made in 2016 only to stop Woo J from being the assigned trial
judge of the Mother’s Estate Actions.

63 At this juncture, it is convenient to state that the UOB account was found
by Woo J in the 2012 Judgment to be overdrawn and closed and no longer a part
of the assets of the father’s estate. Subsequent to the 2012 Judgment, the
Sister requested the court to include the UOB account in the Inquiry. Woo J
decided to include the UOB account in the Inquiry only insofar as the account
might provide information about any cash received by the estate in respect of
the shares it owned. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Record of hearing for TA 13/2013 on 24 September 2013, at AGBOA vol 1 Tab A2.

The shares concerned were the Kenwell Freight and Mecman shares (“the
Shares”), which were realised in 1988 at the value of $10,073.68. The Sister
claimed that the Shares were wrongly stated as being unrealised in the 2011
Account. This was not disputed by Mr Ong (at [74] of the 2012 Judgment). His
position was that the realised monies from the Shares had been used. Woo J
rejected Mr Ong’s position on the basis of lack of evidence; thus, the
realised monies were still part of the estate. It appears that Mr Ong’s
complaint now is that because the Sister had information about the UOB account
and did not share that with him, he was impeded in the preparation of the 2011
Account. Mr Ong accuses Woo J of bias because he had turned a blind eye to the
purported withholding of information of the UOB account by the Sister and her
counsel, and to the lie of the Sister and her counsel that she did not have
information of the UOB account prior to 3 September 2011 (which was the date
the Sister claimed she found out about the account). He based his claim on the
Sister’s testimony prior to the hearing for S 385/2011 that she had discovered
files on the father’s estate when their mother passed away, and the Sister’s
failure to dispute his claims that documents relating to the father’s estate
were in her custody in his affidavits filed to strike out the Sister’s
statement of claim in Magistrate’s Complaint No 10516 of 2010. Mr Ong also
relies on the Sister’s List of Documents dated 9 December 2011 filed in S
385/2011, which included a handwritten note allegedly showing her knowledge of
the UOB account and a withdrawal of $10,000 from the account in 1988.

64 In any case, the Sister disclosed the letter dated 3 September 2011 from
UOB on the UOB account to Mr Ong at the exchange of documents stage for S
385/2011. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Ong’s submissions dated 29 July 2013 filed for TAI 13/2013, at para 16.

65 It is evident that Woo J had taken on board the parties’ differing
positions on the UOB account in his description of the account under the
heading “Missing United Overseas Bank (“UOB”) account” in the 2012 Judgment.
The question that was relevant to Woo J in the 2012 Judgment was whether the
UOB account was an asset of the father’s estate. By the time of the hearing,
while there might have been disputes as to the knowledge of the account, the
existence of the account was before Woo J at the trial. He held that the UOB
account was no longer a part of the estate’s assets because it was overdrawn
and closed (at [139(h)]). The UOB account was only included in the Inquiry to
determine other relevant assets of the estate, namely the value of shares,
from the entries in the account.

66 A related matter is Mr Ong’s claim that he was impeded in his preparation
of a proper account by the Sister’s withholding of information on the UOB
account, which was referred to by Woo J as the “missing” UOB account. Woo J
did not accept it as an excuse for Mr Ong not preparing a proper account of
the estate (see [138] of the 2012 Judgment). Pertinently, Mr Ong did not
appeal against the 2012 Judgment. For Mr Ong to now complain of bias by Woo J
in adopting this unsubstantiated allegation demonstrates lack of good faith in
the criticism.

67 There were subsequent occasions where Mr Ong repeatedly raised his
contention that the Sister had possession of the UOB account passbook even
before 3 September 2011, in his submissions filed for the Inquiry and his
costs submissions filed for S 385/2011. On these subsequent occasions, he
brought up a further complaint that the Sister and her counsel had doctored a
receipt (such that the date of the receipt was left out of the photocopy) in
the documents they presented to AR Leong during the Inquiry. Mr Ong compared
it with a copy he retained after viewing the receipt included in the Sister’s
list of documents filed in S 385/2011, and found the year of the receipt to be
1975, which was prior to the father’s death. Mr Ong argues that leaving out
the date of the receipt was to present a misleading picture that the Shares
(see [63] above) were transferred to a third party after the father’s death.
This doctored receipt became the backdrop of a further accusation of bias
against Woo J on the ground that he did not deal with the doctored document in
the costs hearings in S 385/2011. Woo J explained in the Recusal GD that the
issue of whether the receipt was doctored or not was not material to the
question of whether Mr Ong had given a proper account of the estate or to the
Costs Order. This decision of Woo J spawned another accusation that he had
abrogated his responsibility to deal with the issue of the doctoring of the
receipt, because he stated that the proper forum to deal with the doctored
document would be the Inquiry before AR Leong. Despite his claim now that Woo
J was biased, Mr Ong chose not to appeal against the Costs Order to challenge
Woo J’s decision not to address the doctored receipt.

68 In not granting an extension of time to appeal against AR Leong’s
substantive decision, the accusation against Woo J is that he had allowed the
fraud of the Sister and her counsel in relation to the doctored receipt to be
“swept under the carpet”. As stated, Mr Ong appealed against Woo J’s decisions
on the extension of time, and the Court of Appeal dismissed his unmeritorious
appeals.

69 It is clear from the above evaluation that Mr Ong’s allegations against Woo
J are wild and groundless.

Allegation that the timing of the orders makes it impossible for Mr Ong to
appeal

70 Woo J had delivered the judgment in S 385/2011 in 2012, and delivered the
Costs Order on 3 March 2014 after the Inquiry was completed. Mr Ong takes the
position that the timings of these two decisions were structured in such a way
that made it impossible for him to appeal. Either he would be out of time if
he was to appeal against the substantive judgment on failure to give proper
account in the main trial, or it would be an appeal on costs only if he was to
appeal the Costs Order, which required leave from Woo J. Since leave would be
needed, Mr Ong explains that he did not appeal against the Costs Order because
he believed he would not be successful, in view of Woo J’s rejection of his
request for further arguments after the Costs Order was made. I find that Mr
Ong’s explanation on timing does not address [154] of the 2012 Judgment where
Woo J informed the parties he would hear them on the costs of the trial. This
usually means that the parties are to write to the Registry to fix a date for
the hearing of costs. Without proper explanation, there is no basis for
imputing that Woo J had engineered the timing of the orders such that Mr Ong
could appeal the Costs Order only with leave.

Woo J’s recusal and the publication of the Recusal GD

71 Mr Ong argues that case law states that judges should only recuse
themselves when there are proper grounds for doing so (Chee Siok Chin and
another v Attorney-General [2006] 4 SLR 541 at [10]), so for Woo J to have
recused himself, there must be merit in the Allegations. I do not agree. Woo J
clearly stated in the Recusal GD that he decided to recuse himself “not
because there was any merit in Mr Ong’s allegations against [him]”, but “in
the interest of justice”, he was of the view that he should not hear the
Mother’s Estate Actions since “[he] was contemplating making a complaint about
Mr Ong’s conduct to the appropriate authorities” ([81] of the Recusal GD).

72 Mr Ong seems to ascribe an improper motive to Woo J in publishing the
Recusal GD, ie, for it to be used by the Sister in the Mother’s Estate
Actions, to his detriment. This is yet another nonsensical argument. Judges
release grounds of decision and judgments to furnish the reasoning for their
decisions and to develop the legal jurisprudence. It is entirely within the
purview of the judge to publish his reasoning.

73 Mr Ong further argues that Woo J had surreptitiously made a finding of
contempt in the Recusal GD, and in doing so, Woo J placed himself in a
position of serious conflict of interest and was a judge in his own cause. Mr
Ong accuses Woo J of making the finding before Mr Ong was given the right to
be heard in defending himself. I have addressed this misguided point earlier
at [28].

Allegation that Woo J misled Mr Ong into thinking that he would recuse himself

74 Mr Ong raises another point to support his claim that there are rational
bases for the Allegations: Woo J had misled him into thinking that he would
voluntarily recuse himself from the Mother’s Estate Actions even before any
recusal application was taken out by Mr Ong. He bases this understanding on
what had transpired in the hearing for Summons No 3500 for CA 95 and CA 96,
where he requested for a Judge of Appeal to hear the summons, and points to
Woo J’s question posed: “[do] you still want another judge to hear the
application?” 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Respondent’s Bundle of Documents (“BOD”) at p 261.

This was merely a question posed by Woo J to confirm Mr Ong’s position. It is
more than a stretch of reasoning to then argue that Woo J indicated that he
would recuse himself voluntarily from any further hearings involving Mr Ong
whenever Mr Ong requested so. Even if he had the impression that Woo J would
voluntarily recuse himself, that alone does not support a complaint of bias.

The allegations of the Costs Order being a sham

75 Mr Ong contends that costs should have been awarded to him for S 385/2011,
because he had won substantially and because there was evidence of unclean
hands on the part of the Sister and her counsel (see [63] above). Instead,
costs were awarded against him. Mr Ong submits that the Costs Order was a sham
because it was motivated by extraneous considerations: (a) it was awarded with
the improper motive of denying him his accounting costs, (b) it was awarded to
absolve the fraud of the Sister and her counsel (see [62]–[67] above), (c) it
was fixed at $10,000 in order to bankrupt him (see [20(g)] above), and (d) it
was calculated to influence the outcome in RA 54 and RA 72 which were
originally fixed before Lee JC. The Costs Order, according to Mr Ong, was
necessary to perpetuate Woo J’s bias in favour of the Sister, in his failure
to take into account the negative value of the estate and the Sister’s
obstructive behaviour in concealing her knowledge of the UOB account.

76 As stated, Woo J decided the Costs Order after the Inquiry was concluded.
Initially, Woo J ordered on 3 February 2014 that each party was to bear his or
her own costs of the trial. However, the Sister requested further arguments on
this decision and Woo J agreed to the request. After further arguments from
both parties, he decided on 3 March 2014 that Mr Ong was to pay the Sister
some costs of the trial which he fixed at $10,000, even though the Sister had
asked for costs to be fixed at $25,000. In coming to his decision, Woo J
explained that weight should be given to the fact that Mr Ong failed to give a
proper account and that it was difficult for beneficiaries to know what was
the true state of affairs in the absence of a proper account. He also took
into consideration the fact that the Sister did not succeed on the most
valuable asset in the dispute and that the eventual Inquiry did not yield much
for her. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Record of hearings on 3 March 2014, at AGBOA vol 1 Tab A6.

I see no basis for alleging bias.

77 More importantly, Mr Ong chose not to appeal the Costs Order, even though
the court directed him to file a formal application for leave to appeal in
response to his letter requesting for leave to appeal the Costs Order and for
an extension for time (see [10] above). The issues of accounting costs and the
purported obstruction caused by the Sister and her counsel had been addressed
above at [53] and [66] respectively. Like his other complaints, the claim that
Woo J set out to bankrupt him is illusionary.

78 Mr Ong also argues that Woo J’s bias is seen from the fact that he gave the
Costs Order even though he was aware that Mr Ong’s appeal against AR Leong’s
decision was pending. This complaint can only be an afterthought, as can be
seen from the dates of the relevant events. Mr Ong had only informed the court
of the fact that AR Leong’s decision was being appealed against in his letter
of 4 March 2014 requesting for further arguments, which was after Woo J had
already delivered the Costs Order on 3 March 2014.

Allegation of falsification of the RA 54 Order of Court

79 Mr Ong argues that Woo J was complicit in condoning the Sister’s action
attempt “to defraud the Court of Appeal” in extracting the Order of Court made
in RA 54 (“the RA 54 Order of Court”) that contained an error stating that RA
54 was the Sister’s appeal instead of Mr Ong’s. RA 54 was Mr Ong’s appeal
against AR Leong’s substantive decision and decision on the costs of the
Inquiry. The recital to the RA 54 Order of Court mistakenly identified the
Sister as the applicant of RA 54. The Sister explained in her affidavit filed
in the recusal application that it was a clerical mistake, but Mr Ong did not
accept the explanation.

80 Mr Ong wrote a letter dated 16 July 2014 to the Sister’s counsel to draw
their attention to the error and a copy of that letter was copied to the
Registrar of the Supreme Court. The error was not corrected by the Sister’s
counsel. Neither did Mr Ong himself file an application to correct the error
which he claims to be material. The RA 54 Order of Court was then included in
the Sister’s affidavit filed in the recusal application in 2016, and presented
to Woo J in a core bundle. Mr Ong then advances the contention that Woo J was
responsible for allowing the mistake to be perpetuated in not correcting it
even though he was apprised of the mistake. In Mr Ong’s words, in allowing a
“falsified” order of court to be used again in the recusal application, Woo J
“perfected the [RA 54] Order of Court” having not ordered the correction. He
therefore submits that Woo J was complicit in condoning the Sister and her
counsel’s falsehood. His explanation as to how the error would affect his
appeal to the Court of Appeal is convoluted and incomprehensible. If he is
suggesting that the falsified order meant that he could only appeal against
the order of costs of the Inquiry fixed at $400 by Woo J because that part of
the order in RA 54 was against him, it does not make sense.

81 On a separate point, there was no evidence of complicity on the part of Woo
J, especially because he had stated in the 2014 Judgment on RA 54 and RA 72
that RA 54 was filed by Mr Ong (at [8]). The Court of Appeal reading the 2014
Judgment, being the judgment appealed against, was unlikely to have been
misled by the RA 54 Order of Court containing the mistake as to the identity
of the applicant. Mr Ong is aware of the 2014 Judgment and yet continues to
accuse Woo J of complicity, evincing a lack of good faith.

Allegations of procurement of hearings

82 Mr Ong alleges that Woo J has procured the hearings in the Mother’s Estate
Actions before himself because of his vested interest in perpetuating his own
wrong decisions in the Father’s Estate Proceedings. These allegations impute
an improper motive on the part of a judge exercising his judicial function in
that the judge would make decisions with reference to extraneous matters such
as his vested interests and preferences. Concomitantly, contrary to Mr Ong’s
position that his allegations were only directed at Woo J, the allegations
criticise the system of the administration of justice generally because they
portray the existence of a situation where a judge is able to procure cases
for himself by bypassing the system of case allocation and fixing. The upshot
of the allegations is that the purported prevailing situation would allow any
judge to manipulate the case allocation and fixing regime, so that litigants
would not have fair hearings in the Supreme Court. I note that a similar
challenge was launched in Au Wai Pang, where the contemnor accused the Chief
Justice, together with Loh J and the Supreme Court of coram-fixing. The Court
of Appeal held that there was “no rational basis whatsoever” for these
allegations (at [50]). The sources that the contemnor attempted to rely on
comprised of mainly unsubstantiated views received from unidentified persons,
and given the vague descriptions, it was questionable if they even existed. On
the facts of the present case, Mr Ong bases his allegation of Woo J’s
procurement on his observation that different judges were assigned to the
estate of each parent in two other unrelated cases. This argument is non
sequitur, for differences in the fixing of the coram do not support Mr Ong’s
allegation that Woo J had a vested interest and had manipulated the case
allocation and fixing regime. There is no evidence at all that the Mother’s
Estate Actions were procured by Woo J to be heard by him. If Woo J had a
vested interest as alleged, he would have procured all the hearings in
relation to the father’s estate, including RA 54 and RA 72, to be heard by
himself. Factually, RA 54 and RA 72 were originally fixed before Lee JC, but
they were subsequently re-fixed before Woo J on the request of the Sister’s
counsel and Mr Ong did not object.

Allegations of lack of impartiality in relation to DCA 21 and OS 11

83 Mr Ong attacks the Supreme Court and Woo J for fixing the hearing of DCA 21
and OS 11 on the same day before the same judge, which to him is in effect a
dismissal of OS 11 without according him the opportunity to exercise his right
to be heard and a subsequent right to appeal. OS 11 was Mr Ong’s application
for an order for the Sister to apply for an extension of time to serve on him
documents in the record of appeal for DCA 21, the service of which was
omitted.

84 These attacks – premised on an improper motive of the Supreme Court and Woo
J in fixing the hearing of DCA 21 and OS 11 on the same day before the same
judge – are deliberately designed to undermine public confidence in the
judiciary and its impartiality. The true state of affairs is that Mr Ong took
a volte-face. AR Ramu during a PTC on 2 February 2016 had explained to Mr Ong
that the rationale for fixing the hearings of DCA 21 and OS 11 on the same day
was for expediency and nothing else. It was explained to him that “[i]n the
event that [OS 11] [was] granted in [his] favour, then the hearing of [DCA 21]
[would not] take place until the orders in [OS 11] [were] complied [with]”.
Significantly, Mr Ong accepted the explanation and confirmed that fixing DCA
21 and OS 11 on the same day was “fine by [him]”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Record of hearing on 2 February 2016, at AGBOA vol 1 Tab B9.

AR Ramu had asked Mr Ong whether he was still minded to file a stay
application for DCA 21, given what AR Ramu had told him, and Mr Ong replied
that he “[would] not need to file that application anymore as Your Honour has
since clarified this matter”. Despite this earlier position, Mr Ong attacks
the Supreme Court and Woo J in the 1st OS 165 Affidavit dated 18 February 2016
for fixing DCA 21 on the same day as OS 11. Not only are these attacks
baseless, there is a lack of bona fides on the part of Mr Ong.

Other instances of lack of good faith

Delay in raising the Allegations

85 Mr Khoo submits that the allegations on Woo J’s extreme bias, the Costs
Order being a sham order and the falsification of the RA 54 Order of Court,
were only raised belatedly in 2016 when Mr Ong learnt that Woo J was scheduled
to hear the Mother’s Estate Actions. Mr Khoo emphasises that no appeal was
filed in relation to the 2012 Judgment and the Costs Order, and that Mr Ong
did not raise any allegation before the Court of Appeal in CA 95 and CA 96. Mr
Khoo submits that these circumstances show that the allegations were not
raised in good faith.

86 I agree with Mr Khoo that there has been substantial delay in raising Mr
Ong’s allegations. They were simply introduced for the purpose of removing Woo
J from hearing the Mother’s Estate Actions.

87 Had Mr Ong genuinely harboured suspicions of bias on the part of Woo J, he
would have objected to the other party’s request for Woo J to hear RA 54 and
RA 72 back in 2014. However, he did not object (see [82] above). Mr Ong
contends that he did not object to Woo J hearing RA 54 and RA 72 in order to
give Woo J a chance to correct himself. This is clearly an afterthought to
explain his failure to object. Mr Ong further contends that he did object
because Lee JC could not “fathom” Woo J’s 2012 Judgment as regards the total
value of the estate available for distribution given that the estate was in
fact negative. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Respondent’s submissions at pp 57–58.

This is clearly not supported by what had transpired in the hearing before Lee
JC: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AGBOA vol 1 Tab A9.

Ct: … If the appeal relates to the AR’s decision on the accounts and inquiry
leading to valuation of the assets within scope, would that not be a fresh
decision not dependent on Justice Woo’s decision?

In any case, can I please hear from Mr Ong on whether the appeal is on the
costs order only or also on the substantive award for $1,313 to be paid by Mr
Ong.

…

Mr Ong: I confirm that I am also appealing against the substantive award, and
not just the costs order. The estate is in the “negative” if you take into
account the taxes payable.

Ct: I have read Justice Woo’s judgment ([2012] SGHC 216); paragraph 143(c)
states that you are precluded from establishing other debts or expenses?

Mr Ong: Taxes are not covered by that.

RC: Submit this is why this is best heard by Justice Woo.

Ct: I will adjourn these 2 appeals to a date to be fixed to be heard before
Justice Woo.

88 Mr Ong argues that there is no substantial delay because his criticisms
against Woo J were already evident in the arguments he had made in the letters
sent to court requesting for further arguments following the Costs Order and
following Woo J’s rulings in RA 54 and RA 72. I disagree. I find that the
letters did not suggest that Woo J was biased; they concerned the merits,
which Mr Ong felt ought to have been in his favour. In his letter to court
dated 4 March 2014 seeking to present further arguments in respect of the
Costs Order made, Mr Ong listed various grounds which he argued that due
weight was not given to. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AGBOA vol 1 Tab A7.

Similarly in his letter to court dated 1 April 2014, he stated that “justice
sought in this action entails, amongst other things, the application of the
doctrine of unclean hands which demands that the Plaintiff must come to court
with clean hands”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AGBOA vol 1 Tab A12.

In his letter to court dated 21 May 2014 seeking to present further arguments
in relation to RA 54 and RA 72, he stated that it was “unjust to deprive the
surviving administrator of his costs” and it would be “grossly unjust” not to
take into consideration how the exercise of taking accounts and inquiry
entailed tremendous resources. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Mr Ong’s affidavit dated 4 June 2018, at p 17, found at AGBOA vol 2 Tab 8.

Dissatisfactions with the substantive decisions cannot be validly changed into
complaints of bias on the part of Woo J.

89 Mr Ong further argues that he had already perceived bias in Woo J as early
as 2014, when he did not want Woo J to adjudicate Summons No 3500. He sent a
letter to court dated 31 July 2014 to request for a Judge of Appeal to hear
the summons instead of Woo J, but at the hearing on 1 August 2014 dropped his
request when the opposing counsel agreed to his application for CA 95 and CA
96 to be heard together. I see no merit in this position. There is nothing in
the letter and the record of hearing for Summons No 3500 indicating any
objection to Woo J hearing the summons on the basis of bias.

90 Mr Khoo points out that Mr Ong made no allegation of bias before the Court
of Appeal in CA 95 and CA 96 in March 2015. Mr Ong says that it would have
been “highly inappropriate” for him to have complained to the Court of Appeal
when the appeals concerned the extension of time. This is self-serving, for Mr
Ong did not hold back on inflicting accusations of bias and collusion with
opposing counsel in his letter to the Supreme Court on 28 January 2016 and in
his OS 165 Affidavits. These allegations only emerged in 2016, in the letter
sent to the Supreme Court on 28 January 2016. This was two days after Mr Ong
was informed by AR Ramu that Woo J was to hear the Mother’s Estate Actions.

91 Mr Ong posits that just because the allegations of bias were not made in CA
95 and CA 96, and just because the 2012 Judgment and the Costs Order were not
appealed against, do not mean that Woo J was not biased. Further, he argues
that he only alleged bias when “push comes to shove”, ie, he filed a recusal
application when he learnt that Woo J was to hear the cases regarding his
mother’s estate. However, the evidence points in the opposite direction. The
decision not to appeal the 2012 Judgment and the Costs Order, the failure to
object to Woo J hearing RA 54 and RA 72, the absence of any allegations before
the Court of Appeal, together with the coincidence of the Allegations
appearing right after Mr Ong found out that Woo J was hearing the Mother’s
Estate Actions, paint a picture that even Mr Ong himself, though unhappy with
some substantive findings made by Woo J, did not truly think that Woo J was
biased. Instead, his Allegations are geared towards procuring Woo J’s recusal
in the Mother’s Estate Actions. His main motive of procuring Woo J’s recusal
is also supported by the fact that he was aware that the Sister would use the
findings in the 2012 Judgment against him, as stated in her statement of claim
in DC 383. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1st OS 165 Affidavit at para 12.

Inconsistencies in Mr Ong’s reasoning

92 Various inconsistencies in Mr Ong’s position belie his claim of good faith
and fair criticism. I highlight two jarring instances, in the interest of not
unduly extending the length of this judgment. First, according to Mr Ong, he
did not appeal the Costs Order because he thought that he would not be
successful in the light of the court’s rejection of his further arguments. On
the other hand, in relation to RA 54 and RA 72, he did not object to Woo J
hearing the appeals in order to give Woo J a chance to correct his wrong
decision. Taking his reasons at face value, they are contradictory and are
simply chosen to suit the occasion and to serve as responses to Mr Khoo’s
arguments. Second, Mr Ong alleges on the one hand that the sham Costs Order
was delivered by Woo J to influence the course of the Father’s Estate
Proceedings in relation to subsequent matters, such as to prevent Lee JC from
awarding accounting costs to him, but on the other hand, he did not object to
Lee JC adjourning RA 54 and RA 72 for them to be heard by Woo J.

Language used by Mr Ong

93 Mr Khoo submits that the language used by Mr Ong was outrageous and
abusive, and couched in extreme terms. As stated in Shadrake Alan (see [33(b)]
above), an intention to vilify the courts is easily inferred where outrageous
and abusive language is used. Mr Ong used abusive and extreme language that
was not substantiated by evidence. This is another point going against Mr
Ong’s claim that the Allegations are fair criticisms.

Conclusion on scandalising contempt

94 For the reasons stated above, I find that it has been proved beyond
reasonable doubt that Mr Ong is guilty of scandalising contempt. I find that
there is no basis for the serious Allegations and they were not made in good
faith. The Allegations contain invectives and accusations that went far beyond
what would be reasonable in a recusal application.

Contempt in the face of the court

95 Mr Khoo submits that Mr Ong’s conduct constitutes contempt in the face of
the court. On the other hand, Mr Ong submits that contempt in the face of the
court is not made out, since there was no unlawful interruption, disruption
and obstruction of court proceedings in the recusal hearing (You Xin at [18]).

96 Whilst You Xin concerned a case where the proceedings were interrupted by
the disruptive behaviour of the contemnors, You Xin did not limit the conduct
and circumstances that can give rise to contempt in the face of the court.
Contempt in the face of the court is not necessarily limited to disruptive
behaviour that results in unlawful interruption, disruption and obstruction of
court proceedings. Support for the proposition is evident in You Xin itself. V
K Rajah JA recognised that it would be prudent not to attempt to shoehorn a
definition of contempt in the face of the court and to leave the concept fluid
(You Xin at [18]), quoting the Malaysian High Court in Koperasi Serbaguna
Taiping Barat Bhd v Lim Joo Thong [1999] 6 MLJ 38 at 55:

Contempt in the face of the court may arise from any act, any slander, any
contemptuous utterance and any act of disobedience to a court order. Any of
these acts in varying degrees that affects the administration of justice or
may impede … fair trial … can be deemed to be contempt in the face of the
court.

[emphasis added]

97 This position is supported by foreign courts. In Joseph Orakwue Izuora v
The Queen [1953] AC 327, Lord Tucker sitting on the Privy Council observed
that it “is not possible to particularise the acts which can or cannot
constitute contempt in the face of the court” (at 336). Arlidge, Eady & Smith
on Contempt (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2017) similarly states that there has
been no attempt at a definition of the concept of “in the face of the court”
(at p 830, para 10-12). The Law Reform Commission of Western Australia, in
Discussion Paper on contempt in the face of the court (August 2011), cited C J
Miller, Contempt of Court (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2000), where
Miller attempted to identify some categories of conduct that constitute
contempt in the face of the court, including inter alia (a) disruptive
behaviour; (b) insulting and disrespectful behaviour; (c) contempt by
advocates and solicitors; and (d) contempt by witnesses, including refusal to
answer questions.

98 Not only did Mr Ong file the OS 165 Affidavits containing the Allegations
which were his own words, he used the Affidavits at the recusal hearing before
Woo J. On the facts of the case, conduct that constitutes contempt in the face
of the court is Mr Ong’s wilful insults to the judge in the course of the
hearing in court, that are within the personal view and knowledge of the judge
(You Xin at [18]), and such wilful insults would necessarily interfere with or
undermine the judicial function of the judge and the course of justice. It is
clear from the course of action taken by Woo J at the recusal hearing that the
recusal proceeding was affected by the Allegations. Whilst I accept that one
can raise fair criticisms that are substantiated in a robust manner in a
recusal application, Mr Ong’s Allegations were baseless for all the reasons
stated earlier in this Judgment and his wilful insults clearly went beyond the
legal scales for recusal applications, traversing into the law of contempt and
breaching the same.

Conclusion

99 For all the reasons stated in this Judgment, I find Mr Ong guilty of
scandalising contempt and contempt in the face of the court. I will hear the
parties on sentencing on a date to be fixed by the Registry.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge

Khoo Boo Jin, Elaine Liew and May Ng (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
applicant;  
The respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

