Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 74

HC/Originating Summons No 1497 of 2018

In the matter of Section 21(1) of the

Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322)

Between

Globe-Sea Offshore Engineering Pte Ltd

… Applicant

And

DNET Contract Services Pte Ltd

… Respondent

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] – [Leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Globe-Sea Offshore Engineering Pte Ltd

  

v

  

DNET Contract Services Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 74

High Court — HC/Originating Summons No 1497 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
26 February, 8 March 2019

18 March 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is Globe-Sea Offshore Engineering Pte Ltd’s (“the Applicant”)
application for leave to appeal against the learned District Judge Constance
Tay Woan Fen (“Tay DJ”)’s decision in MC/MC 3212/2017 (“MC 3212”). In MC 3212,
DNET Contract Services Pte Ltd (“the Respondent”) claimed against the
Applicant for $44,265 for work done pursuant to four variation orders (“the
Contracts”) entered between the Respondent and the Applicant under which the
Respondent provided renovation services at the Applicant’s office premises.
The Applicant’s defence was that the Contracts were invalid as they were
signed by one Maricel Malazarte Cantero (“Ms Maricel”), who was one of the
Applicant’s secretarial staff and had no authority to enter into the
Contracts. In return, the Applicant counterclaimed against the Respondent for
the sum of $22,540, being the costs incurred by the Applicant for having to
engage another contractor as a result of the Respondent’s negligence in
failing to ensure that the building and fire plans were submitted to the Fire
Safety & Shelter Department (“FSSD”).

2 In MC 3212, Ms Maricel testified but the managing director of the Applicant,
Mr Song, did not. Tay DJ held that Ms Maricel had the actual authority to
enter into the Contracts on behalf of the Applicant, and since the Contracts
were performed, the Applicant was obliged to pay the Respondent the
contractual sum of $44,265. Furthermore, Tay DJ dismissed the Applicant’s
counterclaim on the grounds that: (1) the Respondent was under no contractual
obligation to submit the building and fire plans to the FSSD, and (2) in any
event, the Applicant did not properly plead the particulars of its claim in
the tort of negligence, and did not adduce any evidence of loss or damage
suffered.

3 On 6 December 2018, the Applicant filed an application for leave to appeal
against DJ Tay’s decision in MC 3212 which is the subject of this hearing. The
preliminary issue to be decided is whether such an application is required. As
at 6 December 2018, s 21 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, Rev
Ed 2007) (“SCJA”) states as follow:

(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act and any other written law, an appeal
shall lie to the High Court from a decision of a District Court or
Magistrate’s Court –

(a) in any case where the amount in dispute, or the value of the subject-
matter, at the hearing before that District Court or Magistrate’s Court
(excluding interest and costs) exceeds $50,000 or such other amount as may be
specified by an order made under subsection (3); or

(b) with the leave of that District Court or Magistrate’s Court or the High
Court, in any other case.

Ms Rebecca Chia (“Ms Chia”), counsel for the Respondent, argues that both the
Respondent’s contractual claim for $44,265 as well as the Applicant’s
counterclaim for $23,540 should be added together in determining the total
amount in dispute. Ms Chia submits that the total amount in dispute, which is
$67,805, exceeds the appeal threshold of $50,000 under s 21(1)(a) SCJA and
hence, leave to appeal is not required. On the contrary, Mr Lalwani, counsel
for the Applicant argues that leave to appeal is required because any
permutation of whether the Applicant or the Respondent fails or succeeds in
their respective claims will not result in the overall disputed sum to be
above the appeal threshold of $50,000.

4 In this case, leave to appeal is required because contrary to what Ms Chia
suggests, the amount in dispute in a claim and a counterclaim should not be
added together in determining whether the appeal threshold is met. Woo JC (as
he then was) in Datawork Pte Ltd v Cyberinc Pte Ltd [2002] SGHC 132
(“Datawork”) dealt with this issue at [87]–[91], and I am in full agreement
with him. In summary, leave to appeal is required for the following reasons:

(a) First, any reference to the amount in dispute at trial, must be construed
as referring to the trial of the action. In the context of a claim and a
counterclaim, the trial consists of two actions because a claim and a
counterclaim are separate actions. In this case, the Respondent has a claim in
contract while the Applicant, a counterclaim in tort. These are separate
actions and only their individual amounts in dispute will be relevant in
determining whether the appeal threshold is met.

(b) Second, an anomaly will result if courts were to allow parties to add the
amount in dispute in a claim together with the counterclaim. To illustrate, if
such an addition is possible, the Applicant’s leave to appeal in this case
would be unimpeded, whereas, had the Applicant filed its counterclaim as a
separate action in a separate proceeding (notwith-standing the possibility
that both actions may be consolidated), its right to appeal would be
restricted. This cannot be the case.

(c) Third, the possible permutations of whether the Applicant or the
Respondent succeeds or fails in their respective claims are irrelevant.
“Parliament did not intend for the parties and the courts to engage in an
exercise to determine which scenario was applicable for every claim and
counterclaim in order to determine whether leave to appeal was required” (see
Datawork at [91]).

5 Next, I consider whether leave to appeal should be granted. Mr Lalwani
submits that leave to appeal should be granted for two reasons. First, that
Tay DJ failed to consider whether the Respondent should have taken additional
steps to verify and confirm Ms Maricel’s actual and/or apparent authority. Mr
Lalwani argues that had Mr Song been called as a witness, he would have
testified that Ms Maricel had no authority to enter into the Contracts.
Second, that Tay DJ failed to consider whether the Respondent owed a duty of
care to have made enquiries and taken steps to ensure that the building and
fire plans were submitted to the FSSD. Ms Chia submits that leave to appeal
should not be granted as the issues raised by the Applicant have already been
dealt with by Tay DJ in MC 3212.

6 I am satisfied that leave to appeal should not be granted for the following
reasons:

(a) First, leave should not be granted when there are mere questions of fact
to be considered. Exceptions however, could be made for errors of fact that
are beyond dispute, for example, when a notice served on 1 July 2018 was
erroneously taken to have been served on 1 June 2018 (See Essar Steel Ltd v
Bayerische Landesbank and others [2004] 3 SLR(R) 25 at [22] – [26]). From the
record, I find that there is no basis to disturb Tay DJ’s finding of fact that
Ms Maricel had the actual authority to enter into the Contracts on behalf of
the Applicant. Consequently, it is not necessary to consider whether the
Respondent should have taken additional steps to verify Ms Maricel’s actual
authority.

(b) Second, if Mr Song’s testimony would have had an important influence on
the decision at trial, he should have been called as a witness in MC 3212. The
Applicant failed to do so, and no reasonable explanation was offered as to why
Mr Song was not called as a witness in MC 3212. He was, after all, given
copies of the correspondence between Ms Maricel and the Respondent.

(c) Third, from the record, I find that there is no evidence to support the
Applicant’s counterclaim in the tort of negligence, and neither did the trial
judge. I am therefore satisfied that Tay DJ was correct in dismissing the
Applicant’s counterclaim.

7 For the reasons above, the Applicant’s application for leave to appeal is
dismissed. I will fix costs to the Respondent at $1,000 plus reasonable
disbursements.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Lalwani Anil Mangan (DL Law Corporation) for the applicant;  
Chia Wei Lin Rebecca and Roy’yani Binte Abdul Razak (I.R.B. Law LLP) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

