Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 160

HC/Originating Summons No 182 of 2019

(HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 59 of 2019)

(HC/Summons No 2047 of 2019)

Between

Ding Horng Industrial Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff

And

Sulzer Singapore Pte Ltd

… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Leave]

[Civil Procedure] — [Corporate self-representation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ding Horng Industrial Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Sulzer Singapore Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 160

High Court — HC/Originating Summons No 182 of 2019 (HC/Registrar’s Appeal No
59 of 2019 and HC/Summons No 2047 of 2019)  
Choo Han Teck J  
8 April, 8 May, 1 July 2019

4 July 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff had a building contract with the defendant and by 2010, the
work had been done and as far as the defendant was concerned that was the end
of the matter, but the plaintiff claimed that $1,756,370.59 was still
outstanding, a claim that the defendant denied. No action was taken until
almost six years later when the plaintiff commenced an action in Suit No 1195
of 2016 against the defendant for payment.

2 The action was eventually fixed for trial on two occasions but each time the
trial was vacated because the plaintiff discharged its solicitors and
subsequently failed to meet court deadlines or had its director, Madam Liu
Yueh Mei (“Madam Liu”) appear without counsel. On the first occasion, it
applied to vacate trial dates two days before trial and a fresh date was fixed
with ample time for the plaintiff to prepare its case. Instead the plaintiff
discharged its second firm of solicitors and, through Madam Liu, applied for
Madam Liu to represent the plaintiff at trial. Madam Liu is not an advocate
and solicitor of the Singapore Bar. I dismissed the application and directed
the plaintiff to obtain legal representation. Madam Liu returned at the next
PTC before AR Miyapan Ramu (“AR Ramu”) and told him that both this Court and
he were wrong and that she was entitled to represent the plaintiff at trial.
The requirement under O 5 r 6(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev
Ed) that a company must be represented by counsel was explained to her more
than once. Nonetheless, the plaintiff was given yet another opportunity to get
counsel. AR Ramu directed that if the plaintiff did not do so, the plaintiff’s
claim would be struck out. The plaintiff did not engage counsel and so its
claim was struck out on 19 September 2018 by AR Ramu.

3 The plaintiff then applied to AR Jacqueline Lee (“AR Lee”) by way of this
Originating Summons No 182 of 2019 for an extension of time to file an appeal
against AR Ramu’s order. AR Lee dismissed Originating Summons No 182 of 2019
because the plaintiff was still not represented by counsel, and the plaintiff
appealed.

4 That appeal came before me and again Madam Liu insisted that she was fully
capable of representing the plaintiff at trial. I examined the pleadings and
decided that there was insufficient reason to grant an exemption to the
plaintiff. About eight months had passed since I had first directed that the
plaintiff must be represented by counsel. Looking at the application afresh, I
am fortified in my view that O 5 r 6(2) must be complied with. I have heard
Madam Liu on several occasions and am of the view that she should not
represent the plaintiff despite her confident claim that she was perfectly
capable of doing so. Her submissions were grandiose, diffused, and largely
incoherent. I therefore dismissed the plaintiff’s appeal on 8 April 2019.

5 The plaintiff then filed Summons No 2047 of 2019 for leave to appeal to the
Court of Appeal against my order. I directed that I will hear Summons No 2047
of 2019 only after counsel had been appointed and had filed an affidavit to
support the application. Thus the plaintiff engaged Yuen Law LLC and on 1 July
2019, Mr Amos Cai and Mr Ernest Wong appeared on the plaintiff’s behalf.

6 Mr Cai’s submission was that the plaintiff had not been able to have its day
in court because of a series of procedural irregularities, and since there has
been no legal ruling that a plaintiff can be denied his trial merely on
account of procedure, leave ought to be granted for it to persuade the Court
of Appeal to allow it to revive its action. Both Mr Cai and Mr Anparasan, who
acts for the defendant, filed their respective submissions in writing.

7 Mr Anparasan gave a reasonably accurate historical account of this matter
from the conclusion of the contract, and the beginning of the date of the
cause of action to the hearing before me. I am inclined to agree with Mr
Anparasan. Mr Cai’s submissions overlook the fact that the plaintiff had been
given its opportunity for trial but it failed to comply with court deadlines
and applied to vacate trial dates on the eve of the trial. It was fortunate to
be allowed a second chance but it again spurned that chance when it discharged
its counsel and refused to appoint a new one.

8 If there were procedural irregularities, they were all occasioned by the
plaintiff, and they were not committed in ignorance or misfortune. They were
the result of the plaintiff’s deliberate decisions in discharging its lawyers
and refusing to engage one — until the matter had gone cold. I agree with Mr
Anparasan that the conduct of the plaintiff should not receive sympathy from
the court. On the merits, that is, the refusal to have a lawyer represent it,
no good reasons had been given. The plaintiff had only latterly begun to
accuse its previous solicitors, at least two different firms, of mishandling
her case.

9 Unlike an individual who, when he acts in person, represents himself only,
the incorporated company is a separate and distinct entity and itself
represents diverse interests – shareholders, directors, and itself. The rule
in O 5 r 6(2) is to ensure that there will be no unnecessary dispute as to who
ought to be entitled to represent the company in legal proceedings involving
the company as a litigant. It is a fair and practical rule that admits of rare
exceptions. From the affidavits filed and the submissions of the plaintiff’s
counsel, Mr Cai, I am of the view that this application for leave is without
merit. A plaintiff has a right to its day in court but that is not a right in
perpetuity. The plaintiff cannot refuse to obey court orders directed to allow
it to proceed and then complain that it had not been allowed to proceed. When
the law is clear and especially when it had been clearly understood as in this
case, it must be obeyed.

10 Leave to appeal is therefore denied. I will hear the question of costs on 9
July 2019.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Amos Cai Enhuai and Ernest Wong Changyan (Yuen Law LLC)  
for plaintiff;  
.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

