Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 201

Suit No 374 of 2019  
(Summons Nos 1803 and 2244 of 2019)

Between

Tan Choon Wee  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Pine Capital Group Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Wang Meng  
(3)| Pan Ki Ro  
(4)| Trina Ann Savage  
(5)| Advance Capital Partners Assets Management Private Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Originating Summons No 471 of 2019

In the matter of Sections 182 and 392 of the Companies Act (Cap 50)

And

In the matter of Advance Capital Partners Assets Management Private Ltd  

Between

Pine Capital Group Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Tan Choon Wee  
---|---  
(2)| Advance Capital Partners Assets Management Ptd Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Injunctions] — [Interim orders]

[Equity] — [Remedies] — [Injunction]

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Removal]

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Choon Wee

  

v

  

Pine Capital Group Ltd and others and another matter

[2019] SGHC 201

High Court — Suit No 374 of 2019 (Summons Nos 1803 and 2244 of 2019) and
Originating Summons No 471 of 2019  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
9, 24 April, 31 May 2019

30 August 2019

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 The two sets of proceedings here involve related parties. Hence this court
has decided to write only one decision for both matters.

2 In Suit No 374 of 2019 (“the Suit”), Tan Choon Wee (“TCW”) is the plaintiff
who has sued Pine Capital Group Limited (“PCGL”) a Catalist listed entity on
Singapore’s stock exchange, and Wang Meng (“Wang” or the “second defendant”)
as the first and second defendants respectively for declaratory orders in
respect of shares in a company called Advance Capital Partners Asset
Management Private Limited (“ACPAM”) which is the fifth defendant in the Suit.
The third defendant is a Korean national Pan Ki Ro (“Pan” or “the third
defendant”) while the fourth defendant Trina Ann Savage (“Trina” or “the
fourth defendant”) is a Singaporean all of whom PCGL wish to appoint as
directors of ACPAM. (All the five defendants will be referred to collectively
as “the defendants”).

3 In Originating Summons No 471 of 2019 (“the OS”), PCGL is the plaintiff
while TCW and ACPAM are the first and second defendants respectively.

4 TCW filed the Suit on 8 April 2019. On the same day, by way of Summons No
1803 of 2019 (“the injunction application”) and his supporting affidavit filed
therewith (“TCW’s first affidavit”), TCW applied ex parte for inter alia the
following orders:

(a) he and one Lin Kuan Liang Nicholas (“Lin”) be reinstated as directors of
ACPAM;

(b) that Wang, Pan and Trina be restrained from acting as or purporting to act
as directors of ACPAM;

(c) that PCGL, Wang, Pan and Trina whether by themselves or by their
servant(s), agent(s), nominee(s) or otherwise, be restrained from accessing,
removing or otherwise dealing with any property belonging to ACPAM, him, Lin
and, to the extent that they have removed any property from the offices of
ACPAM, to return all such property within two days of the order to be made
herein; and

(d) that PCGL, Wang, Pan and Trina whether by themselves or by their
servant(s), agent(s), nominee(s) or otherwise, be restrained from representing
or otherwise announcing that TCW and/or Lin have been removed as directors of
ACPAM.

5 The injunction application was heard and granted by this court on an urgent
basis on 9 April 2019 (“the 9 April Order”) in the presence of counsel for the
defendants. The following orders were made:

Pending the inter partes hearing of the injunction application:

(a) the defendants shall not inform third parties of the removal of TCW and
Lin as directors of ACPAM;

(b) the defendants, their officers, servants and agents undertake not to
remove any computers or laptops from the premises of ACPAM and shall not
attempt to or gain access to the personal computers or laptops of any staff
including Michelle Chee (“Michelle”), Lynn Woo (“Lynn”) and Charlene Tan
(“Charlene”) [who is TCW’s daughter];

(c) Wang will not perform the functions of Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of
ACPAM pending the outcome of the injunction application;

(d) the defendants and TCW were to file their response and reply affidavits
respectively by certain timelines; and

(e) costs were reserved.

6 The parties duly complied with the court’s timelines and affidavits were
filed. On 24 April 2019, the injunction application was heard on an inter
partes basis after which this court:

(a) dismissed the injunction application;

(b) discharged the interim orders made under the 9 April Order once the orders
made herein took effect;

(c) directed that TCW, Michelle, Lynn and Charlene were required to deliver up
to ACPAM its bank tokens that they currently held together with:

(i) login details of ACPAM’S payroll system;

(ii) login details of ACPAM’s MASNET system; and

(iii) login details of ACPAM’s Microsoft 365 system

(d) directed that ACPAM was at liberty to change its bank signatories by
removing TCW, Lin, Lynn and Charlene and replacing them with other
signatories; and

(e) ordered TCW to pay one set of (fixed) costs to PCGL and another set of
costs to Wan, Pan, Trina and ACPAM.

(“the first 24 April Order”).

7 For expediency, this court heard the injunction application as well as the
OS together on 24 April 2019. PCGL had filed the OS on 10 April 2019 together
with an affidavit in support sworn by Wee Heng Yai Adrian (“Wee”) who is a
director of PCGL (“Wee’s OS affidavit”).

8 After disposing of the injunction application, the court dealt with the OS
in which PCGL applied for the following orders pursuant to ss 182 and 392 of
the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (the “Cos Act”):

(a) a declaration that the resolutions passed at the Extraordinary General
Meeting (“EGM”) of ACPAM on 5 April 2019 are valid;

(b) in the alternative, that:

(i) a separate and further EGM of ACPAM be convened and held forthwith at
ACPAM’s registered office or other agreed venue for the purposes of
considering the resolutions set out in the Schedule to the OS; and

(ii) at the EGM in (i), the presence of one member of ACPAM, either in person
or by proxy, shall be deemed to constitute a meeting and that the presence of
the said member shall be sufficient to form a quorum.

The court only granted the orders sought in (b) above (“the second 24 April
Order”).

9 On 29 April 2019, by way of Civil Appeal No 94 of 2019 (“CA 94/2019”), TCW
appealed against the second 24 April Order.

10 TCW then applied for leave to appeal against the first 24 April Order by
way of Summons No 2244 of 2019 (“the Leave Application”). I dismissed the
Leave Application on 31 May 2019. TCW has now filed Civil Appeal Originating
Summons No 17 of 2019 against my refusal to grant leave to appeal.

11 In addition to the injunction application, TCW filed on 12 April 2019 a
second application in Summons No 1946 of 2019 (“the second injunction
application”) which prayers included one to restrain Wang, Pan and Trina from
accessing or attempting to gain access to any computer or laptop that belongs
to ACPAM.

12 On 16 April 2019, TCW filed a third application in Summons No 1990 of 2019
(“the third injunction application”) in which he applied to restrain the
defendants from holding any EGM or other meetings to remove him and Lin as
directors of ACPAM pending the determination of the Suit.

13 The second and third injunction applications were not dealt with by this
court.

The injunction application

14 Besides TCW’s first affidavit, the following affidavits were filed by the
parties for the injunction application:

(a) affidavit of Wee filed on 15 April 2019 (“Wee’s first affidavit”);

(b) affidavit of Wang filed on 15 April 2019 (“Wang’s first affidavit”); and

(c) TCW’s affidavit filed on 22 April 2019 (“TCW’s third affidavit”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

TCW filed his second affidavit also on 22 April 2019 in respect of the OS.

Wee’s OS affidavit as well as TCW’s OS affidavit were considered for both the
injunction application and the OS.

15 In TCW’s first affidavit, he deposed to the following facts which prompted
this court to grant him the 9 April Order:

(a) TCW holds 49% of the issued shares in ACPAM while PCGL holds the remaining
51%;

(b) Wang was formerly employed by ACPAM as a portfolio manager until his
services were terminated on 18 March 2019 due to breaches of obligations of
confidentiality;

(c) PCGL purportedly appointed Wang, Pan and Trina as directors of ACPAM
pursuant to a resolution purportedly passed at an EGM convened on 5 April 2019
which EGM contravened the Articles of Association of ACPAM in that the
requisite 14 days’ notice was not given and there was no quorum;

(d) ACPAM is a Registered Fund Management Company (“RFMC”) with the Monetary
Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and comes under the Securities and Futures Act
(Cap 289, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SFA”). Under Rule 14A(2)(b) of the Securities and
Futures (Licensing and Conduct of Business) Regulations (Reg 10, 2004 Rev Ed)
(“SF(LCB)R”), persons appointed as directors of RFMC must be fit and proper to
hold that office. However, the first to fourth defendants had not provided
ACPAM with information to ensure that Wang, Pan and Trina were fit and proper
persons to hold office as directors;

(e) In removing TCW and Lin as directors of ACPAM, the defendants had removed
“the only directors of ACPAM who were cleared and accepted by the MAS as
persons fit and proper persons to hold the office of a director of ACPAM” 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Para 16 of TCW’s first affidavit.

;

(f) In short, PCGL’s appointment of Wang, Pan and Trina coupled with the
removal of TCW and Lin, as directors had “caused ACPAM to be in violation of
the regulations and at risk of losing its status as an RFMC”; 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ibid.

(g) Should MAS take an adverse view of the change of directors, TCW’s
interests as a shareholder of ACPAM would be irreparably harmed.

16 In addition to the above complaints, TCW’s first affidavit alleged that
Wang had taken steps to inform various parties of the removal of TCW and Lin
as directors and that Wang, Pan and Trina had been appointed as their
replacements in that:

(a) Wang had instructed ACPAM’s compliance officer Michelle on 5 April 2019 to
lodge the relevant forms with MAS to inform it of the change in composition of
the board of ACPAM;

(b) Wang had also filed the change in directorships with the Accounting and
Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”);

(c) On 6 April 2019, Wang emailed MAS in his capacity as the executive
director of ACPAM, stating that TCW and Lin had been removed as directors and
were replaced by Wang, Pan and Trina;

(d) MAS forwarded Wang’s email to Michelle, copied to TCW, seeking her
confirmation that TCW and Lin had been legally removed in accordance with the
Cos Act. Michelle replied to say the two had not been properly removed in
accordance with the Cos Act and that the second to fourth defendants had not
provided ACPAM with the necessary documentation to enable the latter to
conduct proper background checks to ensure their suitability to be directors;

(e) Michelle informed MAS that Wang’s appointment as director followed a
dispute between him and ACPAM over his breaches of duty as an employee of
ACPAM.

(f) On 6 April 2019, ACPAM’s solicitors informed employees of ACPAM that:

(i) TCW and Lin had been removed as directors of ACPAM;

(ii) the second to fourth defendants had been appointed as directors of ACPAM;

(iii) the employees were not to take any further action without Wang’s
approval;

(iv) the employees were not to take instructions from TCW or Lin; and

(v) the employees were to refer all pending or outstanding matters to Wang;

(g) The purported new directors appeared to be intent on bringing ACPAM’s
business to a halt and to take control of its operations;

(h) ACPAM’s solicitors (who also act for Wang personally) had written to TCW
as CEO to give notice that ACPAM intended to investigate “…various allegations
relating to [ACPAM] and its operations, including [TCW’s] possible involvement
in matters concerning potential conflicts of interest and possible lapses in
internal control…” without giving particulars 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Para 25 of TCW’s first affidavit.

;

(i) The first to fourth defendants had added locks to the main door of ACPAM’s
office to prevent ACPAM’s employees/TCW/Lin from gaining access to the office
– TCW expressed fears over the possible removal and misappropriation of
ACPAM’s property (as well as his personal property) including records,
computers and hard drives since he had no access to the office;

(j) TCW feared the first to fourth defendants would attempt to speak to
ACPAM’s bankers in order to gain control of its bank accounts. In order to
protect ACPAM’s interest, TCW intended to write to ACPAM’s banks “to inform
them of the situation, and to maintain the status quo pending the outcome of
[the Suit]”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Para 27 of TCW’s first affidavit.

17 Wee’s and Wang’s first affidavits painted a completely different picture
from that given in TCW’s first affidavit.

18 Wee’s first affidavit deposed to the following events/facts:

(a) In March 2019, the board of PCGL comprised of TCW as the executive
director and three non-executive directors namely Roy Ling Chung Yee (“LCY”),
Chong Chee Hoong (“CCH”) and Pan. Numerous complaints were received from
PCGL’s substantial shareholders 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Alauddin Ali and Jessie Sun.

in respect inter alia of TCW’s conduct and his management of the affairs of
PCGL, ACPAM and of Advance Opportunities Fund 1 (“AOF1”) which is a fund
managed by ACPAM; 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See [20] below.

(b) On 7 February 2019, PCGL received notice to convene an EGM on 8 March 2019
to inter alia remove TCW, LCY and CCH as directors of PCGL;

(c) Before the EGM was convened, TCW voluntarily resigned as a director on 1
March 2019. This was followed by the resignations of CCH and LCY on 18 and 19
March 2019 respectively;

(d) PCGL was not even aware that Lin was a director of ACPAM until it
conducted a search in ACRA on 4 April 2019;

(e) The directors who resigned were replaced by Wee (independent director),
Pan (non-executive and non-independent director) and Tomi-Jae Wanlun Tjio
(independent director and non-executive chairman);

(f) PCGL had grave and substantiated concerns over TCW’s mismanagement and
running down of the finances of ACPAM which included TCW’s failure to disclose
his conflict of interest when he made investment decisions for ACPAM from
which he benefited personally and making repeated capital calls on behalf of
ACPAM to which PCGL was forced to contribute. Despite the raising of such
concerns by PCGL to ACPAM, there was no response.

19 To elaborate on [18(f)], in Wee’s OS affidavit, he deposed to the following
facts:

(a) In May 2018, ACPAM issued a capital call to PCGL for $100,000 ostensibly
to prevent ACPAM from breaching the base capital requirements applicable to
ACPAM as well as for the settlement of ACPAM’s expenses. PCGL complied with
the capital call, contributed $100,000 and subscribed for a further 207 shares
in ACPAM;

(b) In December 2018, ACPAM sought a further top-up from its shareholders
amounting to $41,914.54 which fortunately was avoided at the eleventh hour due
to incoming revenue;

(c) On 24 January 2019, ACPAM made a capital call for $102,000 and an
interest-free shareholder’s loan for $200,000. PCGL complied with the capital
call contributing $189,819 in exchange for 383 shares but declined to provide
the loan;

(d) On 29 March 2019, PCGL received another capital call for $66,654 to be
paid by 30 March 2019 failing which TCW would be entitled to “full rights to
singly contribute capital to [ACPAM] and in so doing, dilute [PCGL’s]
shareholding in ACPAM” 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Para 2.2.5 of Wee’s OS affidavit.

;

(e) PCGL forwarded a cheque to ACPAM for $66,654 and requested information
(and supporting documents) on ACPAM’s need for a further capital call. PCGL’s
letter emphasised that its capital contribution was meant to meet ACPAM’s base
capital requirements and should not be used for other purposes without PCGL’s
prior consent. PCGL received neither the information nor the documentation it
requested;

(f) PCGL consistently appeared to be the only or the primary cash contributor
as TCW would purportedly “capitalise” his contributions via offsets of his
alleged claims against ACPAM so much so that for the capital call on 24
January 2019 in (c), he contributed only $74 for the 378 shares issued to him
claiming to offset the balance contribution against his unpaid and “waived”
salaries (both of which had already been waived by him);

(g) TCW’s practice in (f) to “capitalise” his contribution was repeated for
the capital call on 29 March 2019 as PCGL discovered subsequently from ACPAM’s
employee that TCW offset his capital contribution against his March 2019
salary and other claims allegedly due to him;

(h) From the complaint letters it received in [18(a)], PCGL discovered that
TCW had proposed that ACPAM invest $20m in Global Invacom Group Limited (“GI”)
by way of redeemable convertible notes (“the proposed RCN”). The $20m sum was
to come from funds managed by ACPAM in particular AOF1 and Advance Credit Fund
(“ACF”). TCW is one of the two directors in AOF1:

(i) GI intended to raise funds for acquisition purposes and was in discussions
with Tactilis Private Limited (“Tactilis”) to acquire Tactilis Sdn Bhd, a
wholly owned subsidiary of Tactilis. At the time, TCW was a non-executive
director as well as shareholder of Tactilis holding 8.2% shares. Despite being
in a position of conflict, TCW failed to disclose his interest in Tactilis to
ACPAM’s and AOF1’s board of directors. Neither did he recuse himself from
decisions pertaining to the proposed RCN;

(ii) It was only in February 2019 that TCW’s interest in Tactilis came to
light. Following objections from ACF’s directors, TCW represented to them that
he would procure ACF’s withdrawal from participation in the proposed RCN. To-
date however, PCGL was not aware if ACF had indeed withdrawn from such
participation;

(iii) It also came to PCGL’s attention that TCW had in May 2018 attempted to
pressurise the directors of AOF1 and ACF into effecting a bridging loan to
Tactilis of US$600,000.

20 After the resignations of TCW and PCGL’s other two directors in [18(c)],
PCGL made a public announcement on 21 March 2019 concerning the complaints in
[18(a)]. It made a separate announcement on the same day that on 19 March
2019, PCGL had received a notice of termination (“the notice of termination”)
signed by TCW and Lin, of the management agreement between ACPAM and AOF1
which is ACPAM’s flagship fund and main revenue source. Wee pointed out that
the notice of termination was clearly against ACPAM’S interest as it deprived
ACPAM of significant management revenue. Subsequently, PCGL learnt that AOF1
signed an agreement to be managed by another fund manager.

21 Concomitant with the notice of termination, PCGL learnt from ACPAM’s
employees that TCW had made preparations to leave ACPAM, and take some
employees with him to another company.

22 Wang’s first affidavit accused TCW of deliberately making untruthful and
unsubstantiated statements in his affidavits that were designed to cast
aspersions on the defendants’ characters and taint the court’s impression of
the defendants. Wang deposed to the following facts/events:

(a) ACPAM’s solicitors do not (as TCW alleged) act for him in his dispute with
ACPAM over his employment – another law firm does;

(b) There was no basis for TCW’s fears over his personal mail that was sent to
ACPAM’s office as such mail was/would be forwarded to his solicitors;

(c) In regard to TCW’s assertion in [16(i)] that he was denied access to
ACPAM’s office, TCW failed to disclose that on 6 April 2019, he was suspended
from work and that on the day he alluded to (namely 8 April 2019), the
employees of ACPAM were told to report for work at 2.00pm and not 9.00am.
Hence, the premises was locked when TCW came to the office that morning. What
TCW failed to disclose was that he and Bernard Ong Kheng Chye (a director of
ACPAM until 29 October 2018) had attended at ACPAM’s office at 1.15am to
remove the existing front door lock of ACPAM and replace it with a new lock;

(d) Wang is on the MAS Register of Representatives and was employed as
Portfolio Manager and Fund Director of ACPAM until he was summarily dismissed
on 18 March 2019 (by TCW) on alleged grounds which he disputed;

(e) On 5 April 2019, he was appointed a director of ACPAM together with Pan
and Trina pursuant to a resolution passed at an EGM of ACPAM which resolution
also removed TCW and Lin as directors of ACPAM;

(f) Pan has extensive experience in asset/fund management and banking. He had
been the CEO of Pine Asia Asset Management, an indirect subsidiary of PCGL (by
being owned by a wholly owned subsidiary of PCGL) from April 2015 to April
2017;

(g) Trina is the head of Investor Relations and of Marketing for PCGL and has
significant marketing and branding experience;

(h) TCW had deliberately exaggerated and overstated the Regulatory Risk issue
by giving the impression that ACPAM’s position as a RFMC had been jeopardised
by his removal as a director;

(i) TCW had alleged that the appointment of Wang, Pan and Trina as directors
had to be approved by MAS. That is incorrect. Even if all or any of them did
not meet the fit and proper criteria to be appointed directors, that did not
mean that ACPAM’s status as a RFMC would be automatically revoked. Under the
MAS Guidelines on Licensing, Registration and Conduct of Business for Fund
Management Companies (“RFMC Registration Guidelines”), ACPAM as a RFMC only
needs to notify MAS of any changes in the company’s particulars within 14 days
of such change by way of a notification in Form 23A via the Corporate
e-Lodgment (“Cel”) method;

(j) Owing to Michelle’s wrongful withholding of ACPAM’S MASNET login details 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See first 24 April Order at [6(c)] above.

, ACPAM was unable to submit the requisite Form 23A via Cel by the deadline of
19 April 2019 (14 days from the appointment of Wang, Pan and Trina);

(k) Indeed, instead of helping ACPAM to inform MAS of the new director
appointees, Michelle obstructed the process by challenging the three
defendants’ appointment in her letter to MAS dated 6 April 2019;

(l) MAS does not provide prior approval of new appointments which fact was
known to TCW and yet, he misrepresented the position. Prior approval of
directors of companies before their appointment is required from MAS only for
holders of Capital Market Services licence (“CMS”) under Regulation 12 of the
SF(LCB)R. ACPAM does not hold a CMS licence. Indeed, as a RFMC, ACPAM is
exempted from the requirement under the said Regulation 12 pursuant to
Regulation 5(7) of the Second Schedule to the SF(LCB)R;

(m) Under the Guidelines on Fit and Proper Criteria issued by MAS which are
applicable to all relevant persons carrying out activities regulated by MAS,
sn 3 states: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Wee’s first affidavit, WHYA-2 at pp 36 to 59.

The onus is on each relevant person to establish that it or he is a fit and
proper person rather than for MAS to show otherwise. Where a relevant person
is required under the relevant legislation to ensure that another relevant
person is fit and proper, the onus is on the former to establish to the
satisfaction of MAS that the latter is fit and proper...

It was for PCGL not MAS to determine whether Wang, Pan and Trina are fit and
proper persons to be appointed as directors of ACPAM;

(n) It was telling that TCW could only make ambiguous suppositions in TCW’s
first affidavit such as “[s]hould the MAS take an adverse view of the change
of directors” 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Para 17 of TCW’s first affidavit.

and there is a “real risk that [ACPAM] may lose its RFMC status” and “should
that happen, there is a real risk that [TCW] will be irreparably harmed as a
shareholder” [emphasis added]; 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Para 29 of TCW’s first affidavit.

(o) Although MAS had been informed of the change of directorships and legal
dispute, it had not raised any regulatory issues;

(p) Due to the lack of clarity as to the state of affairs of ACPAM, PCGL had
to call for a trading suspension of its shares on 21 March 2019 in
consultation with Singapore Exchange Ltd (“SGX”). Further, PCGL will appoint
an independent reviewer to investigate the various allegations received
concerning ACPAM;

(q) Although TCW had put across the position that ACPAM was in a poor
financial state thereby necessitating urgent capital calls, he himself had
been using ACPAM’s finances as his “personal piggy bank” 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Para 85 of Wang’s first affidavit.

– ACPAM had been paying for TCW’s personal fibre broadband service, Singtel
Mio-TV services, membership expenses at the Singapore Swimming Club, charges
of Spotify (an audio streaming music platform) as well as the charges on six
mobile telephone lines which bill for June 2019 itself came to $11,785.31.

23 Wee added that ACPAM is the only active operation subsidiary of PCGL;
should ACPAM lose its status as a RFMC or be wound up 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

One of TCW’s prayers in the Suit.

, it could potentially cause the delisting of PCGL which would affect its
6,000 shareholders, not an outcome that PCGL and its directors would want in
their own and in the company’s, interests.

24 In contrast, Wee highlighted certain acts on the part of TCW that are
detrimental to the interest of ACPAM should he remain as its director
including the following:

(a) On 30 July 2018, MAS reprimanded TCW for (i) contravening s 92(b) of the
SFA in his omission to declare certain information in a CMS licence
application and (ii) para 5(71)(a) of the Second Schedule of the SF(LCB)R for
failing to lodge a notice of change in particulars within 14 days after the
date of change. PCGL was only made aware of this fact in mid-February 2019
when it received a copy of the reprimand letter from a shareholder of PCGL.
The reprimand was a matter of concern to ACPAM as MAS’ letter stated that it
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Para 2.3.5 of Wee’s first affidavit, exhibit WHYA-6 at p 131.

…may also take this reprimand into account when considering actions to be
taken against the [ACPAM] for any further contravention of the applicable laws
and regulatory requirements, or in the assessment of [ACPAM’s] future
applications for licences and applications.

Further, a conviction for breach of s 93(b) renders the offender liable to a
fine of $50,000;

(b) On 12 April 2019, MAS issued a reprimand to TCW as the CEO and director of
ACPAM for (i) omitting information in a CMS licence application which omission
caused the application to be misleading in a material respect, and/or (ii)
failing to discharge his duty and function as CEO and director.

25 On 10 April 2019, TCW withdrew RM3m from the bank account of AOF1.

26 Wang disclosed that ACPAM had rented out to PCGL a meeting room at its
premises between 1 February 2018 to 9 May 2020. PCGL’s employees occupy the
room and the property in the meeting room belongs to PCGL. Consequently, when
TCW changed the locks to the main door in the early hours of 8 April 2019, he
not only hindered the efforts of Wang, Pan and Trina in securing ACPAM’s
property but also disrupted PCGL’s operations.

27 Wee’s first affidavit similarly took issue with TCW’s assertions in [15(e)
and 15(f)]. Wee repeated what Wang deposed to in regard to the appointment of
fit and proper persons as directors of RFMCs like ACPAM.

28 Consequently, Wee deposed that there was no truth in TCW’s assertions that
Wang, Pan and Trina have to be “cleared and accepted” by MAS as fit and proper
persons before they can be appointed as directors of ABPAM. All that is
required is for ACPAM to file Form 23A for the appointments.

29 TCW’s third affidavit was a response to the first affidavits of Wee and
Wang. Here, TCW alluded to his affidavit filed in the OS proceedings on 16
April 2019 (“TCW’s OS affidavit”). In TCW’s OS affidavit as well in TCW’s
third affidavit, he deposed to an understanding between himself and one Sun
Wei Yeh (“SWY”) that he would be the CEO and an executive director of ACPAM.
Accordingly, PCGL’s attempts to remove him as a director and CEO were contrary
to his legitimate expectations as a shareholder of ACPAM, emphasising that he
founded ACPAM.

30 TCW alleged that SWY became a shareholder of PCGL on his representation to
TCW that he (SWY) would bring funds in under ACPAM’s management. SWY holds the
majority shares in PCGL with his associate Jessie Sun (“Sun”) through his
company Prime Partners Pte Ltd (“Prime Partners”) of which he is the sole
shareholder.

31 TCW’s third affidavit was replete with references to SWY and allegations of
impropriety on the latter’s part which he feared would violate the prohibitory
directions issued by MAS against SWY and which could cause ACPAM to lose its
RFMC licence. Should that happen, it would lead to the potential delisting of
PCGL.

32 TCW’s third affidavit sought to explain the complaints against him that Wee
raised 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

See [18(a)] above.

. The complaints were from Alauddin Ahmed (“AA”) 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Who sued TCW, Lin and AOF1 in a derivative action on behalf of AOF1in Suit No
424 of 2019 which was discontinued on 27 May 2019.

a non-executive director of AOF1 and ACF and Sun, the then Chief Operating
Officer of PCGL. The complaints related primarily to a reverse takeover
transaction between Tactilis and GI 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

See [19(h)] above.

which was eventually aborted.

33 TCW alleged that Sun was clearly partisan as she was a director of PCGL
between 2 February 2017 to 15 August 2018. As for AA, TCW claimed that he was
a close friend of one David Sarkis (“Sarkis”) who is beholden to SWY as the
latter had (through PCGL) bought out Sarkis’ shares in a company called Silver
Tree Hong Kong Limited enabling Sarkis to raise funds.

34 In regard to ACPAM’s complaints against him, TCW pointed out that Wang was
himself a complainant purportedly as ACPAM’s only executive director after TCW
was suspended as CEO. He criticised Wang for not appointing an independent
reviewer to look into the complaints as ACPAM had announced it would, which
indicated that PCGL was not interested in carrying out an independent and
genuine investigation.

35 In regard to Wang’s complaint in [22(q)] of his expenses being borne by
ACPAM, TCW relied on clause 10.5 of his employment contract to justify his
entitlement to such expenses being paid on his behalf. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Para 45 of TCW’s third affidavit, exhibit TCW-20 at pp 187 to 188.

He asserted that as ACPAM’s CEO, he is contractually entitled to be reimbursed
his expenses including telephone bills, Singtel broadband services and his
membership fees at the Singapore Swimming Club. PCGL had not previously made
an issue of such expenses that he incurred.

36 As for the various capital calls that ACPAM made, TCW defended them as
being not “uncommon” for fund managers to raise funds in this manner in order
to maintain the base capital requirements of MAS. In regard to Wee’s complaint
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

At [19(e)].

that he failed to respond to questions that PCGL raised in regard to the
necessity of the capital call on 29 March 2019, TCW complained he was not even
given an opportunity to explain as PCGL unilaterally removed him as a director
and denied him access to ACPAM’s information. Moreover, he was overseas in the
interval between PCGL’s request and the EGM on 5 April 2019. PCGL’s conduct
showed the company was not interested in hearing his explanation.

37 TCW put the entire blame for his reprimands from MAS on SWY. He deposed
that ACPAM had applied for a CMS licence from MAS on 9 June 2017. MAS rejected
the application on 8 August 2017 because SWY did not make a declaration that
he was a fit and proper person to be appointed as executive director and CEO
of ACPAM. As SWY was reluctant to provide the declaration, ACPAM made a fresh
application for a CMS licence on 22 September 2017 in which it was stated that
he (TCW) would be the executive director and CEO of ACPAM.

38 On 28 September 2017, MAS asked TCW for an assessment of SWY for purposes
of the application as well as that all substantial direct and indirect
shareholders of ACPAM provide declarations that they were fit and proper
persons to participate in a company which operates under a CMS licence. While
TCW provided MAS with his declaration, SWY refused to do so. This resulted in
MAS rejecting again ACPAM’s application.

39 TCW deposed that he made various attempts between October 2017 and January
2018 to persuade SWY to provide the declaration to no avail. On 15 January
2018, TCW wrote to inform MAS that SWY would not provide the declaration
requested. By its email reply dated 16 January 2018, MAS expressed its
dissatisfaction with SWY’s position and ACPAM’s position. TCW deposed he
continued to appease MAS without success.

40 On 9 April 2018, MAS wrote to ACPAM requiring the latter to take steps to
ensure that SWY would not be appointed as a representative or a director of
ACPAM and that SWY would not have any direct or indirect role in ACPAM’s
affairs nor should its shares be sold to SWY. TCW informed MAS on 7 May 2018
that there were limitations to ACPAM’s ability to ensure that its indirect
shareholders were fit and proper given that PCGL is a listed company. He
emailed MAS on 10 May 2018 to comply with the directives given on 9 April
2018.

41 After a further email from MAS dated 28 June 2018 reiterating what it
stated on 9 April 2018, MAS issued a reprimand on 30 July 2018 to ACPAM (and
not to TCW personally) for omitting to state that SWY is its shareholder in
its application for a CMS licence on 22 September 2017. MAS was also not
informed that SWY was involved in several civil lawsuits in 2017. TCW was then
approached by MAS representatives who insisted that if SWY was unwilling to
provide the declaration requested, he should be persuaded to relinquish his
direct and indirect interests in ACPAM.

42 As a result, on 17 October 2018, Pine Partners transferred its 9% direct
shareholdings in ACPAM to TCW resulting in him holding 49% shares. However,
SWY was unwilling to relinquish his shares in PCGL.

43 On 8 February 2019 MAS gave TCW notice that he would be reprimanded as a
director and CEO of ACPAM, based on ACPAM’s application for a CMS licence on
22 September 2017. Notwithstanding his explanation to MAS on 22 February 2019
that inter alia stated that SWY was not a direct shareholder of ACPAM and
ACPAM did not appreciate that the declaration requirement applied to indirect
shareholders, MAS reprimanded him by its letter dated 12 April 2019.

44 Seen in its proper context, TCW asserted that the MAS reprimand in [41] was
not an indication that he is not a fit and proper person to be a director of
ACPAM. Rather, it evidences that MAS is concerned over SWY being an indirect
shareholder of ACPAM and SWY’s persistent refusal to provide the necessary
information for ACPAM’s CMS licence application.

45 Accordingly, TCW deposed that it made no sense for PCGL to proceed with the
EGM on 5 April 2019 on the basis of urgency since the reprimand from MAS was
in July 2018 for ACPAM’s CMS licence application submitted in September 2017.
He alleged that it was the actions of SWY through PCGL that caused ACPAM’s
ability to continue as a RFMC to be at risk.

46 TCW elaborated on his allegation by pointing out that SWY had increased his
effective interest in ACPAM by acquiring the majority shareholding in PCGL.
Secondly, all the current board members of PCGL are appointed by SWY and/or
his associates including Pan and Wee. PCGL then purported to replace the
entire board of ACPAM with persons associated with SWY.

47 In regard to Wang’s allegation in [25] that he wrongfully withdrew RM3m
from AOF1’s bank account, TCW explained that it was done to fulfil AOF1’s
existing commitments and was done in the interest of AOF1 and ACPAM. TCW
claimed he made active trades and transactions in the ordinary course of
business for and on behalf of AOF1 which funds came from various investors. He
deposed that his team (comprising of himself, Michelle, Lynn and Charlene) are
the key employees in charge of managing the funds under ACPAM’s management.

48 TCW claimed that AOF1 had committed itself to three transactions with Tanco
Holdings Berhad, Eden Inc Berhad and Tiger Synergy Berhad for which AOF1 must
make payment by 12 April 2019. To meet the payment deadline, instructions had
to be given to AOF1’s bank (ie, CIMB Bank) by 10 April 2019 in order for the
funds to reach the three payees in time. He had instructed his solicitors to
seek the consent of Wang, Pan and Trina on the morning of 10 April 2019
through the trio’s solicitors and to use the computers and bank tokens on
ACPAM’s premises for the limited purpose of carrying out the banking
transaction on behalf of AOF1. The three defendants’ response was to raise
various spurious queries and subsequently requested that AOF1 undertake that
it will indemnify ACPAM for any losses that ACPAM may incur as a result of
consenting to the transaction.

49 TCW took the view that the defendants were being obstructive and did not
appreciate the urgency and gravity of the situation. He claimed that any
discussion with them would only cause further delays in effecting payment and
would result in AOF1 defaulting on its obligations and ACPAM to be liable to
AOF1 for causing the default. Consequently, TCW took it upon himself on 10
April 2019 to visit the main branch of CIMB and arrange for payment to be made
by AOF1 when he “happened to be in Kuala Lumpur on that day for a business
trip”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Para 52 of TCW’s third affidavit.

Had it not been for the defendants’ obstructiveness, the payment could have
been carried out ACPAM’s premises using its bank tokens.

50 As for the alleged irregularities raised by Wee at [18(a)], TCW asserted
that Wang had mischaracterised the concerns raised by AA and Sarkis in their
emails dated 10 April 2019 addressed to ACPAM. The two had sought to redeem
their investments in AOF1. He had informed them that their investment would be
“gated” ie, they would be paid in stages in accordance with the terms of their
investment. This was to prevent a run on the fund and to avoid the fund having
to liquidate its investment at fire sale prices to the detriment of the entire
value of the fund. The two merely expressed their unhappiness in their
aforementioned emails even though as fund managers themselves, they were aware
of the practice of gating redemptions. The Placing Memorandum of AOF1 clearly
spelt out the redemption restrictions to not more than 20% of a relevant class
of funds being redeemed. AA’s and Sarkis’ investment comprised of 100% of a
particular class of funds.

51 TCW alleged that the first affidavits of Wee and Wang only made ambiguous
suppositions as to whether the second to fourth defendants are fit and proper
persons to be directors. He contended that it is untrue that MAS did not take
an adverse position to their appointments and did not state that they cannot
hold office. In support of his position, TCW referred to the response dated 9
April 2019 from MAS to Wang’s email to the former dated 8 April 2019. I will
return to this email exchange later 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

See [85] below.

to explain why it did not help TCW’s case.

52 TCW accused Wang of downplaying the gravity of appointing Wang, Pan and
Trina as directors of ACPAM in violation of MAS’ directives as they
effectively gave SWY full control of ACPAM. This caused ACPAM to be at risk of
losing its RFMC status with the potential consequence of PCGL being delisted
to the detriment of its shareholders.

53 As for Wang’s insinuation that he was not fit and proper to be a director
due to his suspension and fine in 2000 and 2004 respectively by SGX for
breaching SGX’s rules, TCW pointed out that the fact he was a director of PCGL
after that clearly showed that was not the case.

54 As for Wang’s request that he and the three ladies named in [6(c)] above
should return the bank tokens and MASNET details of ACPAM, TCW pointed out
that the 9 April Order in [5] put a “stand-still” in place. As Wang was
prohibited by that order of court from exercising the functions of CEO of
ACPAM, there was no reason for him to have either the bank tokens or MASNET
details. TCW denied Wang’s allegation that he attempted to or did, disable,
ACPAM’s email and web domain host and server, and its Microsoft 365 account.

55 TCW did not deny that he had changed the locks on the main door of ACPAM on
6 April 2019. He justified his action on the basis it was done to protect and
secure ACPAM’s offices as, by that date, it was clear to him that “the [first]
to [fourth] defendants were going to attempt to access ACPAM’s offices”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Para 72 of TCW’s third affidavit.

56 TCW deposed that Wang’s allegation that he and key employees had severely
crippled ACPAM’s business operations was untrue – apart from AOF1, ACPAM’s
only other fund is ACF which is not active.

The Leave Application

57 For the Leave Application, the following affidavits were filed:

(a) TCW’s affidavit filed on 6 May 2019 (“TCW’s fourth affidavit”);

(b) Wang’s affidavit filed on 22 May 2019 (Wang’s second affidavit”);

(c) Wee’s affidavit filed on 22 May 2019 (“Wee’s third affidavit”);

(d) TCW’s affidavit filed on 30 May 2019 (“TCW’s fifth affidavit”).

58 Not surprisingly, the affidavits filed by Wang and Wee opposed the Leave
Application.

59 Both Wang and Wee argued that there were no errors of law that warranted
TCW being granted leave to appeal. Just because he had an automatic right of
appeal in the OS did not mean he should be granted leave to appeal in the
Suit.

60 TCW’s fourth affidavit was a rehash of the allegations he levelled against
SWY in TCW’s OS and third affidavits referred to earlier at [29].

61 TCW and/or his counsel identified the following matters as the basis for
the court to exercise its discretion to grant him leave to appeal pursuant to
s 34(2)(b) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 323, 2006 Rev Ed):

(a) There had been a prima facie error of law committed by this court in
granting leave to PCGL to convene a fresh EGM as that must be premised on the
fact that the EGM of 5 April 2019 and the resolutions passed thereat were not
valid and/or effectual. That meant that as a matter of law, the directors of
ACPAM would have been TCW and Lin and further meant that they ought to be
reinstated as directors of ACPAM;

(b) It was a question of importance upon which further argument and the
decision of the Court of Appeal would be in the public interest as to whether
he was entitled to restrain the second to fourth defendants from acting as
directors of ACPAM pending the resolution of his minority oppression claim in
the Suit;

(c) As the court made no order on prayer (a) of the OS which was to regularise
the EGM on 5 April 2019, does it mean that the previous EGM remains invalid?

(d) Section 182 of the Cos Act was being used by the defendants in an unusual
manner – to order a meeting in order to ratify a meeting that had already been
held. This was a question that calls for a clear answer that is capable of
being precisely formulated – making an order under s 182 of the Cos Act for a
new EGM to be called to ratify a prior irregular means that the latter is
invalid or, making such an order means that the prior irregular EGM remains
“valid”. This question had not been examined in Singapore previously;

(e) All three issues raised in (b) to (d) above gave rise to questions which
called for clear answers from the Court of Appeal (citing the second and third
tests in Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong and another [1997] 2 SLR (R) 862 (“Lee
Kuan Yew’s case”);

(f) Another error of this court was its reliance on TCW’s apparent breach of
the “standstill” orders made under the 9 April Order as a ground for
dismissing the injunction application in the first 24 April Order. It was
submitted that the reliefs TCW sought would not in any event have had a
necessary and immediate relation to the reliefs he sought – TCW was relying on
the facts surrounding the EGM on 5 April 2019 for his injunction application
and this stands quite apart from his conduct relating to his apparent breach
of the 9 April Order;

(g) Even if TCW’s alleged wrongdoing bore the necessary relation to the relief
he was seeking, the relief he sought should have been granted because the
conduct of the second to fourth defendants was also worthy of censure. PCGL
had taken steps between 4 and 5 April 2019, amounting to a corporate ambush to
oust TCW from ACPAM by requisitioning, and then holding, an EGM. This was done
when TCW was out of the country. The defendants’ wrongful actions were
designed to render futile the fruit of TCW’s minority litigation;

(h) The fact that the injunction application was dismissed on the basis of
TCW’s unclean hands showed that there was a prima facie error in the court’s
decision;

(i) In regard to (f), it was argued on TCW’s behalf that the defendants’
allegation (that TCW withdrew RM3m from the bank account of AOFI) 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

See [25].

ought not to be counted against him because TCW should be permitted to defend
himself against it at trial;

(j) As for the defendants’ other allegation 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

At [22(q)] above.

that he used ACPAM’S funds for his personal expenses, TCW was justified in
doing so as he was entitled to be reimbursed such expenses under his
employment contract. In any case, this issue is the subject of Suit No 490 of
2019 which is pending.

62 Wee’s third affidavit 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Para 2.1 of Wee’s third affidavit.

disputed the “interconnection” between the OS and the injunction application
in the Suit as a ground for leave to appeal. Wee asserted that TCW’s argument
is misconceived – just because an appeal arises out of the same fact pattern
is not a ground for leave to appeal. TCW’s appeal (in CA 94/2019) in the OS
can proceed independently without there being an appeal in the Suit for the
injunction application. Further, the OS has no overlap with the legal test
relevant to the injunction application, which is concerned with whether there
is a serious question to be tried and whether the balance of convenience lies
in favour of granting an injunction.

63 Wee added that there was no prima facie error of law as TCW had contended
so as to warrant granting TCW leave to appeal. He referred in this regard to
TCW’s complaint 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

See [61(a) to 61(d)].

that this court had failed to account for the period 24 April 2019 and 10 May
2019 (when the second EGM referred to in the OS was held) and that during that
interval, given the orders made in the OS, it must follow that TCW and Lin
remained directors of ACPAM prior to 10 May 2019. Wee pointed out that part of
the second 24 April Order provided that the interim measures made in the 9
April Order would be discharged once the orders made under the second 24 April
Order are implemented. By directing that the appointments of the second to
fourth defendants would be held in abeyance in the “holding orders” made that
day, this court had catered for the interim period 24 April 2019 to 10 May
2019.

64 As for TCW’s alleged legitimate expectation to participate in the
management of ACPAM pursuant to the alleged agreement made between him and SWY
in or around 2017, Wee deposed there was no evidence to support TCW’s
assertions. He referred in particular to the following factors that negated
the existence of such an alleged agreement:

(a) There was no mention of the alleged agreement in the writ of summons filed
in the Suit or in TCW’s first affidavit, the first time the alleged agreement
was referred to was in TCW’s OS affidavit;

(b) Article 69 of ACPAM’s Articles of Association 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See exhibit WHY-6 at p 563 of Wee’s OS affidavit.

allows TCW to be removed as a director by way of an ordinary resolution – it
states:

The company may by ordinary resolution remove any director before the
expiration of his period of office, and may by an ordinary resolution appoint
another person in his stead; the person so appointed shall be subject to
retirement…

(c) Clause 12.1 of TCW’s letter of appointment dated 24 March 2017 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See exhibit WHY-11 at p 35 of Wee’s second affidavit filed on 22 April 2019 in
the OS (“second OS affidavit”).

expressly states:

This [l]etter may be terminated either by you or the Company upon giving to
the other party not less than 3 month [sic] notice in writing.

The letter of appointment was around the time that SWY and TCW made the
alleged agreement;

(d) In his letter (together with Lin) as director of AOF1 to investors dated
19 March 2019 TCW had written 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See exhibit WHY-12 at p 40 of Wee’s second OS affidavit.

It has recently come to the attention of the directors of AOFI that the
majority shareholder of ACPAM, [PCGL] has received a requisition for the
removal of Tan Choon Wee (“TCW”), CEO of ACPAM. We have reviewed the risk of
the removal of TCW from ACPAM and its impact on AOF1.

TCW made no mention of his understanding with SWY and or his expectation that
he could not be removed;

(e) Moreover, even on TCW’s highest case, SWY and SWY’s alleged associates Sun
and JMO only obtained a majority of the shares in PCGL around 4 February 2019
– SWY was not in control of PCGL from 2017 onwards. Hence, the 2017 alleged
agreement could not have continued to bind SWY;

(f) TCW claimed 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Para 70 of TCW’s fourth affidavit filed 6 May 2019 and [48] above.

that he withdrew RM3m to meet contractual payment obligations but he failed to
explain why no mention was made of this fact at the 9 April 2019 hearing,
which was one day before he made the withdrawal in Kuala Lumpur. Neither did
he inform ACPAM after he made the withdrawal nor that the payment was to meet
contractual obligations. Indeed, ACPAM only discovered the payment five days
later when it saw the withdrawal in its bank statement;

(g) The dispute arose from a narrow set of facts, there was no law involved.

The submissions

(i) The injunction application

65 I move now to the arguments that were presented by the parties starting
with those presented on behalf of TCW. Essentially, TCW’s arguments were a
rehash of his affidavit. According to him, only he is a fit and proper person
to be ACPAM’s director, not Wang or Pan or Trina.

66 In his submissions, TCW place great emphasis on the fact that SWY and him
had an understanding that he would always remain a director and shareholder of
ACPAM.

67 In regard to the EGM, it was submitted by TCW’s counsel that its
requisition by PCGL’s corporate representative Hariz Lee (“Lee”) was invalid
for lack for authority. The corporate representative also had no authority to
give notice of the meeting as that should have been done by a director. These
were not procedural but substantive irregularities (Thio Keng Poon v Thio Syn
Pyn and others and another appeal [2010] 3 SLR 143).

68 Counsel for TCW pointed out that ACPAM and PCGL had not addressed the issue
of the invalidity of the EGM that removed TCW as a director. He repeated his
submission that notice of the EGM was given by Lee as a corporate
representative of ACPAM instead of by a member of ACPAM. This mandatory
requirement under s 176 of the Cos Act cannot be overlooked with the result
that any resolution passed at the EGM is invalid. A court has no power to
order directors to convene an EGM (Smith v Fitzroy Finance Group Ltd (1982) 6
ACLR 294 as PCGL sought to do by the OS. If TCW’s case is one of oppression, a
court cannot dispense with the requirement under s 176 and allow PCGL to hold
a meeting.

69 In regard to SWY, it was pointed out by counsel for ACPAM that nowhere in
TCW’s first affidavit did TCW raise the understanding – it was only in TCW’s
OS affidavit in response to PCGL’s application in the OS that he made mention
of the understanding. Moreover, if indeed there was such an agreement, then
(according to PCGL’s counsel, Mr Chan), there should be some (strong) evidence
placed before the court instead of only a mere allegation. If there is no
alleged agreement, then there is no prejudice to TCW in his removal from the
board of ACPAM.

70 It was said by Mr Chan that there was nothing pleaded vis-à-vis the alleged
agreement with SWY in the Suit nor in the affidavit to support the injunction
application. That alleged agreement only surfaced in TCW’s OS affidavit. Yet,
the defendants noted that the alleged agreement formed almost the entire basis
for the injunction application.

71 It was further pointed out by Mr Chan that if TCW is reinstated as a
director of ACPAM, would he re-enter into a management agreement with AOF1? It
seemed to him that TCW had adopted a “scorch earth” policy. TCW’s attitude
appeared to be “If I can’t benefit from this, neither can you”. In other
words, TCW was protecting and could not look beyond, his own interests.

72 As for TCW’s claims that MAS’ reprimands were directed at SWY, counsel for
the defendants (Mr Pillai) disagreed. He drew the court’s attention to the
language/contents of the reprimands – they were addressed to TCW.

73 Both counsel for ACPAM and PCGL contended that TCW had failed to satisfy
the second and third principles required for injunction applications – quite
apart from the fact that there must be triable issues. TCW did not address (i)
the balance of convenience issue and (ii) whether damages would be an adequate
remedy were the injunction to be discharged.

(ii) The Leave Application

74 While TCW contended he had, counsel for the defendants contended that he
had failed to satisfy the requisite criteria for being granted leave to appeal
namely:

(a) there was a prima facie case of error of law that has a bearing on the
decision of the court;

(b) there is a question of law decided for the first time or, a question of
law of importance upon which a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the
public advantage and

(c) there is a question of law on which there is a conflict of judicial
authority and a pronouncement from a higher court in the judicial hierarchy is
desirable citing Lee Kuan Yew’s case, which principles were reaffirmed in
Abdul Rahman bin Shariff v Abdul Salim bin Syed (“Abdul Rahman”) [1999] 3
SLR(R) 138 at [31]).

Consequently, the defendants contended that the Leave Application must be
dismissed in limine.

75 Counsel for PCGL referred to an exception to criterion no. I in [74(a)]
namely where errors of fact are permitted to go on appeal. He referred to the
case that was cited on behalf of TCW in that regard namely Essar Steel Ltd v
Bayerische Landesbank and others [2004] 3 SLR(R) 25 (“Essar Steel”). However,
he submitted that the exception did not apply in TCW’s case.

The decision

(i) The injunction application

76 This court was of the view from reviewing the facts, that TCW had come to
court with unclean hands and was not entitled to the equitable remedy of an
injunction that he sought.

77 Based on the tried and tested principles expounded in American Cyanamid Co
v Ethicon Ltd [1975] AC 396 (“American Cyanamid”) and restated by our courts
in Chuan Hong Petrol Station Pte Ltd v Shell Singapore (Pte) Ltd [1992] 2
SLR(R) 1 and more recently in RGA Holdings International Inc v Loh Choon Phing
Robin and another [2017] 2 SLR 997, the balance of convenience did not lie in
favour of the court continuing the interim injunction granted to TCW under the
9 April Order.

78 Indeed, it was clear to this court that TCW had misled the court into
granting him the interim injunction - he misused the court’s process to
achieve his own ends. This conclusion is supported by TCW’s conduct post-9
April 2019. The chronology of events set out at [18] to [25] above showed that
on 10 April 2019, the very next day after the interim injunction was granted,
unbeknownst to the court and to PCGL or ACPAM, TGCW went behind ACPAM’s back
(in the words of their counsel) to withdraw RM3m of AOF1’s funds held in
ACPAM’s sub-account with CIMB in Kuala Lumpur.

79 In this regard, the court is highly sceptical of TCW’s claim 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See [49] above.

that he “happened to be in Kuala Lumpur on a business trip” when he made the
withdrawal. TCW made the trip to Kuala Lumpur specifically to withdraw the
money. The court’s belief is reinforced by the fact that TCW’s first affidavit
was sworn before a Commissioner for Oaths in Singapore on 8 April 2019. He
must have gone to Kuala Lumpur on 9 or 10 April 2019 to make the withdrawal –
he did not “happen” to be in Kuala Lumpur as he claimed.

80 The court also refers to TCW’s fourth affidavit 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

At [57(a)].

. Besides rehashing his allegation of a legitimate expectation from his
agreement with SWY that he would remain the CEO and director of ACPAM, TCW
deposed as follows 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Paras 68 to 70 of TCW’s fourth affidavit.

:

68 Third, I understand that Her Honour’s order was based upon her concerns
over my conduct in paying MYR3,000,000 out of AOF1’s funds on 10 April 2019. I
wish to say that, at the relevant time, I did not think that my actions were
in breach of the Honourable Court’s orders.

69 To my mind, the stand still orders bound the parties in respect of the
affairs of ACPAM. I did not think that the orders extended to the affairs of
AOF1. Accordingly, I thought that the transactions did not fall afoul of the
stand still orders. If my understanding was incorrect, I wish to sincerely
apologise to the Honourable Court for my actions. It was not my intention to
breach the Honourable Court’s orders.

70 I would add that the purpose of the payment was to fulfil obligations that
AOF1 was subject to even before the stand still orders were made…AOF 1 [sic]
was obliged to make payments to each of the Payees under subscription
agreements previously entered with each of these entities...

TCW identified the “Payees” there as Tanco Holdings Bhd, Eden Inc Bhd and
Tiger Synergy Bhd.

81 In reply to the above paragraphs in TCW’s fourth affidavit, Wang’s second
affidavit deposed 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Paras 28 to 30 of Wang’s second affidavit.

to the following facts:

(a) The apparent confusion between the affairs of ACPAM and AOF1 – the bank
account from which the RM3m was withdrawn was an AOF1 sub-account under ACPAM
(which meant the account holder was ACPAM). The only way TCW could withdraw
the sum from the said account was pursuant to ACPAM’s rights under the
investment agreement with AOF1. ACPAM handled all investment matters of AOF1
and managed all of AOF1’s funds. Accordingly, when TCW withdrew the sum, he
was acting in his capacity as a director of ACPAM and not in his capacity as a
director of AOF1. Clearly, his action was against the standstill ordered in
the 9 April Order;

(b) It was disingenuous of TCW to claim that he thought the 9 April Order only
applied to ACPAM and not AOF1. If that was really the case, why would TCW need
to seek ACPAM’s consent to execute the said transaction?

(c) TCW well knew before the 9 April hearing that AOF1 had to make the payment
(according to him). Yet, in seeking the 9 April Order, he did not see the need
to inform the court and obtain the necessary directions and orders. Neither
did TCW disclose his withdrawal of the RM3m after 10 April 2019; ACPAM only
discovered it from their bank statement.

82 The court took a dim view of TCW’s deliberate disregard of the standstill
orders made on 9 April 2019. His explanation in [80] for his “inadvertent”
breach is incredible and unacceptable to this court. It was a well- planned
operation on his part – apply to court for an injunction to stop the
defendants from removing him and, while he was still a director and CEO of
ACPAM, go to Kuala Lumpur to effect the payment on behalf of AOF1 from ACPAM’s
CIMB account which he knew full well PCGL and other directors not aligned with
him would have opposed and which they did. TCW made use of this court and
misused the judicial process for his own ends. Such reprehensible conduct
cannot be condoned.

83 TCW was also guilty of several material non-disclosures. In TCW’s first
affidavit, he had made himself out to be an indispensable CEO without whose
services ACPAM would be doomed and would lose its RFMC licence issued by MAS.
Nothing could be further from the truth. Indeed, the statement in TCW’s first
affidavit 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

See [15(e)] above.

that he and Lin were “the only directors of ACPAM who were cleared and
accepted by the MAS as persons fit and proper persons to hold the office of a
director of ACPAM” was a blatant untruth.

84 TCW failed to disclose the reprimands he had received in July 2018 and in
April 2019 from MAS 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Exhibit WHYA-6 at p 128 of Wee’s first affidavit.

which, contrary to his assertions, were all addressed to him personally. This
is clearly seen from the fact that the April 2019 reprimand was headed:

MAS Reprimands Mr Tan Choon Wee for the Omission of Information in an
Application to MAS and Failing to Discharge his Duty and Function as Chief
Executive Officer and Director.

85 In MAS’ letter dated 30 July 2018 to ACPAM marked for TCW’s attention as
its CEO, the heading was as follows: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Exhibit WHYA-6 at p 129 of Wee’s first affidavit.

REPRIMAND FOR CONTRAVENTIONS OF SECTION 92(B) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES
ACT (CAP. 289) (“SFA”) AND PARAGRAPH 5(71)(a) OF THE SECOND SCHEDULE TO THE
SECURITIES AND FUTURES (LICENSING AND CONDUCT OF BUSINESS) REGULATIONS (RG 10)
(“SF(LCB)R”) PURSUANT TO SECTION 334 OF THE SFA.

86 The only reference in the above letter to SWY was in paragraph three which
relevant sections state: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Exhibit WHYA-6 at p 130 of Wee’s first affidavit.

The Company has contravened section 92(b) of the SFA, as it had omitted to
declare certain information in its application for a capital markets services
licence for fund management in Form 1A. The information so omitted was
material to the application and without which the application was misleading.
Specifically, the Company omitted to declare that a shareholder of the
Company, Mr Sun Weiyeh [SWY]

(a) had been a director and substantial shareholder of One Asia Investment
Partners Pte Ltd, whose CMS licence in fund management was revoked by the
Authority on 11 April 2017…

(b) had been involved in several civil lawsuits, which were commenced....Form
1A requires disclosure of any judgment (in particular, that associated with a
finding of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty) entered against the
relevant person in any civil proceedings or is a party to any pending
proceedings which may lead to such a judgment...

It was clear that MAS reprimanded TCW for not disclosing material information
regarding SWY’s background. MAS was not requesting SWY to provide information
which the latter refused to disclose as TCW claimed 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

See [36] to [40] above.

.

87 Far worse, TCW knew as far back as 8 February 2019 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Exhibit TCW-17 at pp 164-174 of TCW’s third affidavit.

that MAS intended to reprimand him. The letter from MAS of that date addressed
to him personally as the director and CEO of ACPAM was headed;

NOTICE OF INTENTION TO REPIMAND FOR COMMITTING MISCONDUCT UNDER SECTION 334(2)
OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CAP. 289) (“SFA”) PURSUANT TO SECTION
334(1) OF THE SFA

Despite his representations to MAS by his letter dated 22 February 2019 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Exhibit TCW-18 at pp 176-179 of TCW’s third affidavit.

, MAS still reprimanded TCW by its letter dated 12 April 2019. I should add
that in the public announcement made by MAS on the same day, the following
extract appeared: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Exhibit WHYA-6 at p 128 of Wee’s first affidavit.

4 MAS takes a serious view of Mr Tan’s lapses. MAS expects CEOs and directors
to carry out the duties and functions of their offices effectively, including
ensuring that financial institutions comply with regularity requirements and
providing complete and accurate information to MAS. Where appropriate, MAS has
taken and will continue to take, regularity action against CEOs and directors
of financial institutions that fail to comply with regularity requirements.

88 It therefore did not lie in TCW’s mouth to say that the reprimands from MAS
were directed at SWY and not at him personally.

89 TCW complained of being denied access to the office of ACPAM but failed to
disclose that he himself (with the aid of a former director) had visited
ACPAM’s office and changed its front door lock to prevent anyone from entering
the office, causing inconvenience to ACPAM’s staff.

90 When the Suit was commenced and the injunction application was filed,
neither TCW’s first affidavit nor the writ of summons or the statement of
claim made any mention of SWY. It was only in TCW’s OS affidavit 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

See [29] above.

and TCW’s third affidavit that he first raised his alleged understanding with
SWY that he would always remain a director and CEO of ACPAM. If there was such
an understanding, why did TCW voluntarily resign as a director on 1 March
2019? 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

See [18(c)] and Wee’s first affidavit para 1.2.4.

91 Tellingly, this court notes that SWY is not a party to the Suit nor did TCW
make any attempt to add SWY as a defendant after he raised his allegation of a
common understanding with SWY. The omission is curious when the understanding
he alleged he had with SWY is the gravamen of TCW’s case that he cannot be
removed as a director or CEO of ACPAM. None of the defendants were party to
that understanding he had with SWY nor were they bound by it if it did exist –
so why did TCW not sue SWY? It bears remembering that SWY through his
shareholding in Pine Partners is a minority shareholder of ACPAM; he is not
even a director. SWY only acquired a majority of the shares in PCGL in or
about 4 February 2019. It is equally noteworthy that TCW’s claim of his common
understanding with SWY that he would always remain a director of ACPAM is
inconsistent with one of the reliefs he has claimed in the Suit – that ACPAM
be wound up. It is further inconsistent with clause 12.1 of his letter of
appointment 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

See [64(c)] above.

and is also at odds with Article 69 of ACPAM’s Articles of Association 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Set out at [64(b)].

.

92 In giving the notice of termination in [20] together with Lin of the
management agreement between ACPAM and AOF1 (which he also failed to disclose
to this court), TCW had deprived ACPAM of its main revenue source, which
contradicts his repeated claims that his actions in the Suit were prompted by
his desire to protect ACPAM’s interests. He had also breached his duties as a
director of ACPAM in not disclosing his conflict of interest vis-à-vis
Tactilis.

93 When this court inquired of his counsel (Mr Tan) 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

See notes of arguments dated 24 April 2019 at p 29 lines 21-22.

why TCW needed to have six mobile telephones and Spotify streaming services
which monthly charges were borne by ACPAM, Mr Tan candidly admitted that he
did not know. The court was made aware from Wang’s first affidavit 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See [22(q)] above.

and was also told by the defendants’ counsel that the telephone charges of TCW
for June 2019 alone totalled $11,785.31. TCW’s contention 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

See [35] above.

that clause 10.5 of his employment contract entitled him to have ACPAM bear
those expenses is no answer to why he would need six instead of only one
mobile telephone like other CEOs. Giving TCW the full benefit of the doubt,
the court had even inquired of Mr Pillai if any of the six mobile telephones
were for use in foreign countries and was told they were not.

94 The court also wondered why as a CEO, TCW would need to subscribe to
Spotify’s music streaming service and Singtel’s television package. Spotify’s
subscribers are usually teenagers, students, young adults and the like. Whilst
clause 10.5 of his contract of employment does state that TCW “will be
reimbursed all telecommunication expenses incurred”, surely it would not
extend to music streaming service or television viewing packages. Indeed, in
the ordinary course of business of any company, these services would not even
be contemplated as coming within the scope of such a clause for a person in
the position of a CEO.

95 There was little doubt that TCW abused the perquisites that were given to
him as the CEO of ACPAM. Coupled with a prayer for ACPAM to be wound up as
part of the reliefs that he claimed in the Suit, the court entertained grave
doubts as to the bona fides of the injunction application. Did TCW want to
stay on as ACPAM’s CEO so that he could continue to have the company bear his
unjustified and/or excessive expenses for as long as possible?

96 An injunction is an equitable relief. It is a truism that he who comes to
equity must come with clean hands. Here, TCW’s hands were not clean. His
conduct did not warrant an injunction being granted to him even on an interim
basis - he used the court’s resources to achieve his own ends and not in the
interests of ACPAM as he professed.

97 Indeed, TCW’s stance was hypocritical - behind the back of the court, he
withdrew funds from AOF1’s sub-account maintained in ACPAM’s CIMB account in
Kuala Lumpur, despite deposing 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

See [16(j)] above and para 27 of TCW’s first affidavit.

that in order to protect ACPAM’s interests, he wanted to inform ACPAM’S banks
to maintain the status quo pending the outcome of the Suit. If indeed TCW
entertained any doubts whether AOF1 came within the parameters of the
injunction order, it was incumbent on him to check with this court as to
whether the scope of the injunction extended to AOF1’s bank account.

98 The court heard no submissions from TCW on the tests for the granting of
injunctions set out in American Cyanamid. In particular, nothing was said
about where the balance of convenience lies or why damages would not be an
adequate remedy if an injunction was refused. If TWC succeeds in reinstating
himself as a director and CEO of ACPAM, his loss which would be purely
pecuniary can be easily compensated by damages. On the facts, it was clear
that the balance of convenience fell in favour of the second to fourth
defendants being appointed as directors to ensure the continuing operations of
ACPAM.

(ii) The Leave Application

99 The court refused TCW leave to appeal because he failed to satisfy any of
the three limbs to do so as set out in Lee Kuan Yew’s case and reaffirmed in
Abdul Rahman namely:

(a) a prima face case of error of law;

(b) a question of general principle decided for the first time; and

(c) a question of importance upon which further argument and a decision of a
higher tribunal would be to the public advantage.

100 In his arguments to persuade the court to grant leave to appeal, counsel
for TCW had conflated the issues by relying on the court’s decision in the OS.
TCW had already filed an appeal against the court’s decision in the OS via CA
94/2019. This court’s decision there has no relevance to the decision made in
the first 24 April Order for which leave to appeal was required and refused -
there was no interconnection between the two sets of proceedings. As the
defendants pointed out, if this court had made an error in the second 24 April
Order, those orders would be set aside by the appellate court. That would mean
that TCW and Lin were not validly removed as directors and accordingly they
would be reinstated. The injunction application that TCW sought would be
rendered wholly academic and/or unnecessary.

101 The court would now deal with each limb for leave to appeal in turn.

Prima facie error of law

102 Earlier (at [75]), the court had alluded to Essar Steel as an exception to
the rule that the error in question must be one of law, not fact. That case
does not assist TCW as the comment made there by Kan Ting Chiu J (at [25]) to
the effect that it would be a denial of justice to refuse leave to appeal
where a judgment is the result of an error of fact is obiter. Kan J qualified
his comment by adding that if any alleged error of fact can be relied on to
seek leave to appeal, that would result in the virtual appeal hearings being
conducted at the leave stage to establish whether there has been an error of
fact.

103 If this court made an error of fact in thinking TCW (and Lin) could be
removed as directors, that is no ground for granting leave to appeal, Both
Essar Steel and Abdul Rahman were considered by the Court of Appeal in IW v IX
[2006] 1 SLR (R) 135 as well as the English position propounded in Smith v
Cosworth Casting Process Ltd [1997] 1 WLR 1538 (“Smith v Cosworth”), that
leave to appeal should be granted if the applicant has an arguable case. Based
on Smith v Cosworth, leave to appeal will be granted unless the grounds of
appeal have no realistic prospects of success. However, the appellate court
(at [14]) made it clear (and which it endorsed) that Lee Kuan Yew’s case
required a much higher threshold – the establishment of a prima facie case of
error, before leave to appeal would be granted; it did not approve of the
Smith v Cosworth test.

104 In TCW’s fourth affidavit, he had relied on paragraph 68 (set out at [80]
above) as an error of law for one of his reasons to be given leave to appeal.
He further relied on the following paragraph: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Para 68 of TCW’s fourth affidavit.

Third, I understand that Her Honour’s order was based upon her concerns over
my conduct in paying MYR 3,000,000 out of AOF1’s funds on 10 April 2019. I
wish to say that, at the relevant time, I did not think that my actions were
in breach of the Honourable Court’s orders.

Neither fact can be said to give rise to errors of law. Moreover, the court
had earlier pointed 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

At [90].

to the facts that were at odds with TCW’s alleged understanding with SWY. The
fact that this court may have reached a wrong conclusion on the evidence
presented in the affidavits does not give rise to an error of law.

105 Consequently, applying the test in Lee Kuan Yew’s case and not the
“realistic prospects of success” test in Smith v Cosworth, the court did not
grant TCW leave to appeal. No submission was made to this court as to what
errors of law had been made by the court’s refusal to grant the equitable
relief of an injunction to TCW in the exercise of the court’s discretion.

Question of general principle decided for the first time

106 It cannot be said that the court’s dismissal of the injunction application
is something so novel that the question will be decided for the first time by
the Court of Appeal.

A question of importance decided for the first time.

107 Neither can it be said that TCW’s unsuccessful application gives rise to a
question of importance upon which further argument and a decision of a higher
tribunal would be to the public advantage. TCW did not point to any conflict
of judicial authority that would fall within this limb.

108 As the court dismissed the Leave Application, there was no necessity to
consider TCW’s request in the same for his appeal to be heard on an expedited
basis.

Lai Siu Chiu

Senior Judge

Tan Chuan Thye SC, Kok Chee Yeong Jared, Torsten Cheong, and Chiang Yuan Bo
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP)  
for the plaintiff/applicant in S 374/2019 in Summonses No 1803/2019 and
2244/2019 and for the 1st defendant in OS 471/2019;  
Chan Ming Onn David, Lee Ping and Ms Zhang Yi Ting  
(Shook Lin & Bok) for the 1st defendant in S 374/2019 and for the plaintiff in
OS 471/2019;  
Pillai Pradeep G and Jocelyn Lin (PRP Law LLC)  
in S 374/2019 and the 2nd defendant in OS 471/2019.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

