Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 13

Suit No 459 of 2016

Between

Singapore Rifle Association  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| The Singapore Shooting Association  
---|---  
(2)| Michael Vaz Lorrain  
(3)| Yap Beng Hui  
(4)| Chen Sam Seong Patrick  
  
… Defendants

And

The Singapore Shooting Association  
---  
  
… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

Singapore Rifle Association  
---  
  
… Defendant in Counterclaim

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [Breach] — [Indemnity clauses]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy]

[Unincorporated Associations and Trade Unions] — [Friendly societies] —
[Management]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Singapore Rifle Association

  

v

  

Singapore Shooting Association and others

  

[2019] SGHC 13

High Court — Suit No 459 of 2016  
Pang Khang Chau JC  
23 – 26, 30 – 31 January, 1 – 2, 7 February 2018; 6 April 2018; 7 May 2018

24 January 2019

Pang Khang Chau JC:

Introduction

1 In this action, the Singapore Rifle Association (“SRA”) claims that a
resolution passed by the council of the Singapore Shooting Association
(“SSA”), purporting to suspend SRA’s privileges at the National Shooting
Centre (“NSC”), is ultra vires and should be declared null and void. SRA also
claims that the president, secretary-general and treasurer of SSA
(respectively the second, third and fourth defendants and collectively the
“Individual Defendants”) conspired to cause SRA damage by procuring the
passing of that resolution. SSA in turn brings a counterclaim, claiming an
indemnity for the cost that it incurred in demolishing a structure which it
describes as having been illegally built by SRA at the NSC.

2 I have allowed SRA’s claim, granting a declaration that the resolution is
null and void and ordering the Individual Defendants to pay damages to
compensate SRA for the costs of investigating and responding to their
conspiracy. I have also dismissed SSA’s counterclaim on the basis that SSA
acted in breach of contract when it demolished the structure. It therefore
cannot claim an indemnity for the cost of that demolition from SRA under the
indemnity clause in the said contract.

3 The defendants have appealed against my decision. I now set out my reasons
in full.

Background

The parties

4 The plaintiff, SRA was founded in 1862 as a recreational sports club
dedicated to the sport of shooting. It has maintained that purpose since, and
is today a registered society under the Societies Act (Cap 311, 2014 Rev Ed).
Since August 2015, its chairman has been Mr Eng Fook Hoong. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Eng Fook Hoong’s AEIC at para 89.

Mr Eng is assisted by Mr Conrad Chung, who is SRA’s honorary secretary. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Conrad Chung Kong Wann’s AEIC at para 1.

Before Mr Eng took office, SRA was chaired by Mr Loo Woei Harng.

5 Like SRA, the Singapore Gun Club (“SGC”) is a recreational sports club
dedicated to the sport of shooting. It was founded in the 1950s, and its
president today is Mr Michael Vaz Lorrain, the second defendant. Mr Yap Beng
Hui, the third defendant, is one of SGC’s two vice-presidents, and Mr Patrick
Chen, the fourth defendant, is SGC’s honorary secretary. Mr Vaz, Mr Yap and Mr
Chen are the second, third and fourth defendants respectively.

6 SRA and SGC are the two founding members of SSA, the first defendant, which
is Singapore’s national authority or “national sports association” (“NSA”) for
the sport of shooting. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Michael Vaz Lorrain’s AEIC at para 4.

SSA is a registered charity and an institution of a public character under the
Charities Act (Cap 37, 2007 Rev Ed) as well as a registered society under the
Societies Act. Its objects include coordinating, regulating, advising and
administering all matters relating to the sport of shooting, and safeguarding
the interests of the shooting sport. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Michael Vaz Lorrain’s AEIC at para 4.

7 Mr Vaz was elected president of SSA in May 2013, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Eng Fook Hoong’s AEIC at para 89.

and he has held that office ever since. His deputies in SGC, Mr Yap and Mr
Chen, have also been secretary general and treasurer of SSA respectively since
September 2014. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Chen Sam Seong Patrick’s AEIC at para 1; Yap Beng Hui’s AEIC at para 1.

SSA has an advisor in BG (Ret) Lim Kim Lye, who was invited by Mr Vaz to join
the SSA council in that capacity in 2013. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Lim Kim Lye’s AEIC at para 1.

Mr David Lieu has been SSA’s general manager since December 2014. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Lieu Da-Yan David’s AEIC at para 1.

At the material time, Mr Loo Woei Harng was SRA’s representative on the SSA
council.

The National Shooting Centre

8 Shooting activities for SRA took place at the NSC, which is a complex of
shooting ranges located at Old Chua Chu Kang Road. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Lieu Da-Yan David’s AEIC at paras 8 and 9(c).

At the NSC, SRA and SGC each had an armoury, where the firearms, ammunition
and other shooting equipment belonging to each club were respectively stored.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

See Patrick Chen’s AEIC at para 49.

BG Lim had once proposed that all firearms in the NSC be stored in one armoury
and all ammunition be stored in another. This proposal was never implemented,
but it later became something of a flashpoint.

9 The NSC is built on land which is owned by the state and leased to the
Singapore Sports Council, a statutory board whose responsibility is to oversee
and promote sports generally in Singapore. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Lim Chuan Lye’s AEIC, p 32 at cl 1.1.

Following a rebranding exercise in 2014, the Singapore Sports Council adopted
the new name “Sport Singapore”. For convenience, I shall refer to it by its
new name. At the material time, Sport Singapore sub-leased the NSC to SSA, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Lim Chuan Lye’s AEIC at para 4.

and SSA was, in turn, entitled to manage and develop the NSC and enter into
arrangements with SSA’s constituent members in relation to the use of the NSC.

10 One set of such arrangements prevailed between SSA and SRA. In March 2011,
SSA granted SRA a licence to be the sole and exclusive operator and manager of
all the pistol and rifle ranges at the NSC. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Lieu Da-Yan David’s AEIC at para 12.

After Mr Vaz assumed the presidency of SSA, he decided that SSA should take
over from SRA the operation and management of all ranges at the NSC, and that
in exchange, SRA would have one range for its exclusive use. So the licence
was superseded by another contract between them titled “Proprietary Range
Agreement” and executed in November 2014 (“the Agreement”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 1 at pp 40–55.

Under the Agreement, SRA was granted the right to construct a shooting range
within a specified area of the NSC, called “Range X”, for SRA’s exclusive use,
subject to certain agreed exceptions. In return, SRA had to pay an annual fee
of $10,000 to SSA. The Agreement refers to the proposed shooting range for
SRA’s exclusive use as the “Club Range”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Lieu Da-Yan David’s AEIC, p 176 at cl 3.2.

The Club Range is also referred to by various witnesses during the trial as
“Range 3”, given its location next to the two existing rifle ranges at the NSC
known as “Range 1” and “Range 2”. In the Agreement, SRA also undertook to bear
all necessary costs of the construction and to indemnify SSA against any loss
caused by SRA’s activities on the land. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Lieu Da-Yan David’s AEIC, p 179 at cl 10.

The construction of the Club Range

11 Led by Mr Conrad Chung, who is an architect, SRA’s construction of the Club
Range began promptly after the conclusion of the Agreement. At the time the
Agreement was signed, the location known as Range X was not an empty plot of
land. There was already a disused and dilapidated shooting range there.
Instead of tearing down the existing structure and building a new one in its
place, SRA’s plan for the construction of the Club Range was to refurbish the
existing range. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Conrad Chung Kong Wann’s AEIC at para 59.

Mr Chung’s plan had two phases. The first phase would involve replacing the
dilapidated pre-existing structures, including overhead steel trusses and old
target structures. It would also involve minor works such as the installation
of a lightning protection system. The second phase would involve the
construction of a metal roof over a resting area. SRA’s understanding was that
only the second phase needed approval from the relevant authorities, including
building plan approval from the Building and Construction Authority of
Singapore (“BCA”) and planning approval from the Urban Redevelopment Authority
(“URA”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Conrad Chung Kong Wann’s AEIC at para 14.

I shall refer to these approvals as “regulatory approvals” for convenience.

12 The first phase began in December 2014. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Conrad Chung Kong Wann’s AEIC at para 18.

Progress was interrupted that month by preparations for the 2015 South-East
Asian Games, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Conrad Chung Kong Wann’s AEIC at para 18.

but the works resumed and the first phase was completed by March 2015. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Conrad Chung Kong Wann’s AEIC at para 65.

Throughout that period, SRA kept SSA and Sport Singapore updated on the
project by email and letter. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Conrad Chung Kong Wann’s AEIC at paras 17–82.

13 However, from April to October 2015, SSA secretly complained first to Sport
Singapore and then to BCA about SRA’s construction work at Range X. Thus, on
15 September 2015, Mr Vaz, without SRA’s knowledge, sent an email to BCA and
Sport Singapore to report that SRA had constructed “illegal structures”. The
email also and “urgently ask[ed] that BCA calls for the demolition of the
structures before anyone is seriously hurt”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 1 at p 495.

BCA investigated the matter and conducted a site visit at Range X on 21
September 2015, which was attended by only Mr Vaz, Mr Lieu and two BCA
officers. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Lu Ji Ju’s AEIC at para 17.

SRA was neither informed of the site visit nor invited to send any
representative to attend. The BCA officers observed, at the time of
inspection, that the structures “posed no immediate danger”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Lu Ji Ju’s AEIC at para 18.

Undeterred, Mr Vaz sent another email to BCA after the site visit to offer his
personal opinion that the wall of the original Range X was “never designed to
take the loading” of what Mr Vaz regarded as “heavy beams” erected by SRA
across the width of Range X. Mr Vaz expressed concern that the “excess loads”
(in Mr Vaz’s words) could “lead to structural failure”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 1 at p 501.

SRA would not find out about these complaints until much later.

14 During this period, SRA was plagued by other troubles at the NSC. In late
December 2014, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Eng Fook Hoong’s AEIC at para 124.

the basement of the NSC main building was flooded with water that had
overflowed from an obstructed drain in the compound. As a result, equipment
that was being kept in SRA’s armoury, including ammunition and target papers,
was damaged. A second flood in the same place occurred in May 2015. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Eng Fook Hoong’s AEIC at para 124.

Although it was less severe, SRA had to incur cleaning costs. In September
2015, SSA sought to evict SRA from SRA’s armoury in the NSC’s main building.
After giving notice to SRA on 4 September 2015 to vacate within 30 days, SSA
sued SRA on 16 October 2015, demanding that SRA deliver vacant possession of
the SRA armoury 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Eng Fook Hoong’s AEIC at para 14.

in order that SSA could renovate the armoury and other facilities in the NSC.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Statement of Claim in Suit 1057 of 2015 at para 7.

I shall refer to this as the Eviction Suit.

15 After completing its investigations, BCA issued Sport Singapore an order on
6 November 2015 requiring the structures that SRA had built on Range X be
demolished because the structures had been erected without building plan
approval. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Lu Ji Ju’s AEIC at para 27; Lieu Da-Yan David’s AEIC at para 49(a).

This demolition order was, however, accompanied by a letter which set out the
steps that could be taken to regularise those structures if it was desired
that they be retained (“the regularisation letter”). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Lu Ji Ju’s AEIC at para 29.

There was no indication in any of BCA’s communications that the structures
were unsafe. Sport Singapore conveyed both the demolition order and the
regularisation letter to SSA, leaving both the option of demolition and the
option of regularisation open to SSA, without directing SSA to take any
particular course of action. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Lim Chuan Lye’s AEIC at paras 29–30.

Mr Vaz promptly decided that SSA should opt for demolition. By 12 November
2015, SSA’s executive committee had approved this decision, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 2 at p 607.

and it was later formalised through an SSA council resolution on 14 November
2015. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 2, p 983 at para 10(a).

Mr Vaz did not tell SRA about the option of regularisation, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Certified Transcript, 26 January 2018, p 140 at line 14 to p 141 at line 11
and p 148 at lines 18-22.

nor did anyone from SSA disclose the regularisation letter to SRA. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendants’ lead counsel’s statement, p 6 at para 10.

16 Unsurprisingly, SRA, having spent nearly $300,000 on the Club Range, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Certified Transcript, 2 February 2018, p 89 at lines 5–9.

was unwilling to go along with the SSA council’s decision to demolish it.
Foreseeing that SRA was not going to be persuaded otherwise, Mr Vaz asked Mr
Lieu to find a demolition contractor for the job. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Lieu Da-Yan David’s AEIC at para 58.

In the event, SSA appointed Pikasa Builders Pte Ltd (“Pikasa”) to demolish the
Club Range for $24,800. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Lieu Da-Yan David’s AEIC at para 61; Agreed Bundle Vol 2 at p 917.

The eventual cost was $26,536. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 4 at p 1697.

17 In the meantime, on 9 November 2015, SRA filed its defence and counterclaim
in the Eviction Suit. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Eng Fook Hoong’s AEIC at para 15.

Part of its defence was the assertion that because the parties had agreed that
SRA would carry out upgrading works at SRA’s armoury to enhance its security,
SSA had implicitly granted SRA a contractual licence to occupy the armoury
which SSA could not unilaterally revoke. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 2, p 561 at para 28 and p 563 at paras 31 and 34.

In its counterclaim, SRA claimed damages for the loss it had suffered as a
result of the floods, alleging that the loss had been caused by SSA’s failure
to maintain the premises. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 2, pp 573–579 at paras 57–71.

On 25 November 2015, SSA filed its reply, in which it averred that it was SSA,
not SRA, whom the parties had agreed would be responsible for upgrading the
security of the NSC armouries, including by implementing BG Lim’s idea of
storing firearms in one armoury and ammunition in another. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Reply in Suit 1057 of 2015 at para 22(a).

The circular resolution and the demolition of the Club Range

18 Then, on 30 November 2015, Mr Vaz convened a meeting of the SSA council to
ratify the following five resolutions that had been passed earlier that year:

(a) a resolution adopted on 14 March 2015 that BG Lim’s two-armoury idea be
implemented;

(b) a resolution adopted on 9 May 2015 that the existing armoury doors be
replaced with better ones called Chubb Doors;

(c) a resolution adopted on 4 September 2015 that SRA be given notice to
vacate their armoury;

(d) a resolution adopted on 26 September 2015 that SSA institute the Eviction
Suit; and

(e) a resolution adopted on 14 November 2015 to demolish the structures built
by SRA at Range X in compliance with BCA’s demolition order. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Eng Fook Hoong’s AEIC, pp 470–472 at paras 6–10.

SRA’s representative on the SSA council, Mr Loo, was absent from the meeting.
47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Eng Fook Hoong’s AEIC at p 468.

19 These resolutions were not originally adopted by voting through a show of
hands. Mr Vaz explained that he had received legal advice that the resolutions
ought to have been passed that way under SSA’s constitution, and that he
should call a meeting to have the resolutions voted on again by way of show of
hands. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Certified Transcript, 30 January 2018, p 51 at lines 7–24.

SRA, on the other hand, suggested that Mr Vaz convened the meeting because
SRA’s lawyers had written on 8 October 2015, in response to the eviction
notice, to seek details of the SSA council resolutions mentioned in that
notice, including how those resolutions were passed and who voted for them. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 1 at p 511.

SRA had also in its defence and counterclaim in the Eviction Suit alleged that
the eviction notice and Eviction Suit were issued and commenced without proper
authority or approval. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 2, p 554 at para 11 and p 563 at 36–38.

20 Palpable acrimony had developed between SSA and SRA by this time. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Certified Transcript, 1 February 2018, p 107 at line 22 to p 108 at line 6.

SRA made several attempts to prevent the demolition of the Club Range, but
none of them succeeded. Just a week before the SSA council met to ratify the
five resolutions, SRA met with BCA and discovered to its surprise that the
Club Range could be regularised, and that this option had been communicated by
BCA to Sport Singapore but was concealed from SRA. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Conrad Chung Kong Wann’s AEIC at para 205–207.

It was also at this time that SRA discovered that someone had gone behind its
back to complain to BCA about the irregularities of the Club Range. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Conrad Chung Kong Wann’s AEIC at para 208.

BCA directed SRA to Sport Singapore because Sport Singapore was the owner of
the NSC, and BCA would act on a request to regularise only if it came from the
land owner. As late as 27 November 2015, BCA offered to facilitate a meeting
with SSA and SRA, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 2 at p 978.

but SSA declined to attend. On 10 December 2015, SRA’s lawyers wrote to SSA,
BCA and Sport Singapore, asking all parties not to act on the order and
stating that SRA intended to make representations to BCA. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Lu Ji Ju’s AEIC at para 41.

21 The second defendant Mr Vaz then decided that he had had enough. The very
next day, he wrote to Mr Yap, the third defendant, indicating his intention
for the SSA council to suspend the privileges of SRA at the NSC with effect
from 1 January 2016 for SRA’s refusal to comply with the resolutions that the
SSA council had earlier passed and subsequently ratified on 30 November 2015.
56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 3 at p 1151.

Mr Vaz did not call a physical meeting of the council. Instead, he asked Mr
Yap to put the resolution in writing and to circulate it by email to the
council for a vote, which Mr Yap did on 16 December 2015. That is why the
resolution has been referred to by the parties as the “circular resolution”.
The resolution was seconded by Mr Chen, the third defendant. On the same day,
SRA got wind of the circular resolution through Mr Loo and instructed its
lawyers to send a letter to SSA’s lawyers to object to the resolution and
demand its retraction. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 3 at pp 1170–1171.

Despite this letter, Mr Vaz, Mr Yap and Mr Chen proceeded to vote in favour of
the resolution. Mr Loo voted against the resolution while the remaining three
council members either abstained or did not respond. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Michael Vaz Lorrain’s AEIC at paras 101–102.

The circular resolution was therefore passed.

22 On 18 December 2015, Mr Vaz started making arrangements to convene a board
of inquiry (“BOI”) apparently to investigate SRA’s breaches and for SRA to
explain its reasons for not complying with SSA’s resolutions. Thus, shortly
after the circular resolution was passed, Mr Vaz appointed BG Lim to chair the
BOI. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Lieu Da-Yan David’s AEIC at paras 78.

Two others, who were from another member club of SSA, were also appointed to
the BOI. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Lieu Da-Yan David’s AEIC at para 78.

At around the same time, on 21 December 2015, Pikasa began the demolition of
the Club Range at the NSC. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Lieu Da-Yan David’s AEIC at para 46.

A month later, the demolition was complete. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Lieu Da-Yan David’s AEIC at para 65.

The board of inquiry hearings

23 The BOI’s first set of hearings took place on 1 and 4 February 2016. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Lieu Da-Yan David’s AEIC at para 79.

At this hearing, the BOI determined, based on the materials before it, that
SRA had committed the breaches alleged in the circular resolution. The BOI
then adjourned the proceedings until 17 February 2016, where it expected to
hear SRA on the breaches.

24 While the first set of hearings was underway, the police was auditing the
armouries at the NSC. The police discovered that the armouries contained
firearms which had no proper records because they belonged to members who had
died, quit their respective clubs or left Singapore. As a result, the police
seized 75 firearms from the SRA armoury and two firearms from the SGC armoury.
64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Patrick Chen’s AEIC at para 49.

Following this discovery, Sport Singapore decided on 6 February 2016 to
terminate its sub-lease with SSA, and resumed control of the NSC premises. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Patrick Chen’s AEIC at paras 49–50.

The NSC was also shut down pending further investigation and a review of
processes.

25 These events led the BOI to postpone the second set of hearings on SRA’s
breaches to 16 March 2016. This set of hearings was ostensibly for the purpose
of hearing SRA’s answers to allegations against it. Before this set of
hearings took place, the SSA council met on 13 February 2016. BG Lim attended,
and informed the SSA council that the BOI had concluded that SRA had indeed
committed the four alleged breaches as stated in the circular resolution. Mr
Vaz then proposed a motion to suspend SRA, with the specific terms of the
suspension to be decided later. The motion was carried with three votes in
favour and two abstentions. The three votes in favour were cast by the three
Individual Defendants. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 4, p 1682 at para 13.

SRA’s representative on the SSA council, Mr Loo, was not present at this
meeting.

26 At the resumed hearing of the BOI on 16 March 2016, Mr Timothy Ngui and Mr
Kevin Leong of SRA were in attendance, and they presented a set of objections
on behalf of SRA. They objected to BG Lim’s appointment as chairman of the
BOI, contending he was in a position of conflict because it was he who had
proposed the idea of consolidating firearms and ammunition into separate
armouries. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 4, p 1752 at para 3.

They also submitted that a majority of SRA’s alleged breaches were live issues
before the High Court in the Eviction Suit and therefore inappropriate for
determination by the BOI. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 4, p 1752 at para 7.

The BOI did not accept these objections, and proceeded to affirm its
conclusion at the first set of hearings that SRA had indeed committed the
alleged breaches. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Lieu Da-Yan David’s AEIC at para 95.

27 After that, on 23 March 2016, SSA discontinued its claim for vacant
possession of the SRA armoury in the Eviction Suit because SSA no longer held
the lease to those premises. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Eng Fook Hoong’s AEIC at para 20.

SRA maintained its counterclaim in that suit. At the time of my writing, the
suit had run its course. In July 2017, the High Court dismissed SRA’s claim in
respect of the first flood and allowed SRA’s claim in respect of the second
flood: see Singapore Shooting Association v Singapore Rifle Association [2017]
SGHC 266. SRA’s appeal was subsequently dismissed by the Court of Appeal: see
Singapore Rifle Association v The Singapore Shooting Association [2018] 2 SLR
616.

28 In April 2016, the SSA council re-convened. BG Lim presented the
conclusions of the BOI. Mr Vaz then proposed a motion to suspend SRA as a
member club of SSA and to suspend SRA’s privileges at the NSC. The only voting
members of the SSA council present at this meeting were the three Individual
Defendants. Mr Loo was again absent from the meeting. The motion was passed
unanimously by the votes of the three Individual Defendants. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Lieu Da-Yan David’s AEIC at paras 97–98.

The present suit

29 In May 2016, SRA brought the present suit against SSA, Mr Vaz, Mr Yap and
Mr Chen, seeking a declaration that the circular resolution is null and void,
and claiming damages for loss suffered as a result of an alleged conspiracy
involving Mr Vaz, Mr Yap and Mr Chen to injure SRA. SSA in turn counterclaimed
damages in the amount of the cost of demolishing the Club Range.

Parties’ pleaded cases

30 SRA’s case has two main parts. First, it claims that the circular
resolution is ultra vires and should be declared null and void on a number of
grounds. These include the fact that SSA has no power under its constitution
to suspend the privileges of SRA, the fact that the resolution was passed in
breach of the proper procedure for passing a resolution under SSA’s
constitution, and the fact that SRA was not given a reasonable opportunity to
be heard on the allegations made in the resolution against SRA.

31 Secondly, SRA claims that Mr Vaz, Mr Yap and Mr Chen conspired to injure
SRA. SRA asserts that they did so by working together as members of the SSA
council to procure the passing of an ultra vires resolution purporting to
suspend the privileges of SRA at the NSC. SRA claims damages for loss arising
from its investigation into and response to this alleged conspiracy.

32 The defendants deny that the circular resolution is ultra vires and that Mr
Vaz, Mr Yap and Mr Chen were involved in any conspiracy to injure SRA. They
also mount a counterclaim, alleging that SRA breached its obligation under cl
10 of the Agreement by refusing to indemnify SSA for costs incurred in
engaging Pikasa to demolish the Club Range. SSA claims that it was acting in
compliance with an order issued by BCA when it demolished the Club Range, and
that SRA, having built the range, is responsible under cl 10 for the cost of
demolition.

33 SRA resists SSA’s counterclaim on the basis that SSA has not suffered any
loss for which SRA is liable to indemnify SSA under cl 10. SRA contends that
the cost of demolition resulted from SSA’s breach of an implied term in the
Agreement, which means that SSA cannot claim an indemnity for that loss. SRA
also submits that in any event, the Agreement should be set aside on the
ground of unilateral mistake and misrepresentation, with the effect that cl 10
does not apply.

Issues to be determined

34 Having regard to the evidence, the law and the parties’ cases, I consider
that there are three main issues to be determined:

(a) First, is the circular resolution of 16 December 2015 ultra vires?

(b) Second, are Mr Vaz, Mr Yap and Mr Chen liable to SRA in the tort of
conspiracy?

(c) Third, is SRA liable under cl 10 of the Agreement to pay SSA the cost of
demolishing the Club Range?

35 I shall consider these questions in turn.

Issue 1: Validity of the circular resolution

36 I accept SRA’s case that the circular resolution is ultra vires. This is
for three independent reasons. First, under SSA’s constitution, the SSA
council has no power to suspend the privileges of a member of SSA. Secondly,
SSA’s constitution also does not empower the SSA Council to make decisions by
circular resolution. Finally, the circular resolution was in any event passed
without SRA being given a chance to be heard, and is therefore void for being
in breach of natural justice. I turn now to explain each of these reasons.

Power of suspension

37 In a leading English treatise on unincorporated associations, it is stated
that “[a]ny rule relating to discipline, including expulsion, suspension, or
any other penalty, should be framed in plain and unambiguous language”:
Nicholas Stewart QC et al, The Law of Unincorporated Associations (Oxford
University Press, 2011) at para 6.06. This is only to be expected because the
consequences of disciplinary action, especially in the form of expulsion or
suspension, can be severe and drastic, and it is only fair that members of the
association have the assurance that the power to impose such consequences are
clearly defined and limited.

38 The starting point therefore is to examine SSA’s constitution for
provisions on the suspension of members’ privileges. As SRA correctly points
out, none of the 18 articles in the constitution concern disciplinary action,
let alone provide for a power of suspension (with one exception, which relates
to non-payment of membership fees). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 52.

SRA also correctly observes that there are no by-laws, guidelines or written
procedures in the constitution for that purpose. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 52.

39 SSA argues that Arts 6.4, 8.1 and 16.1 of the constitution, read together,
empower SSA to suspend the privileges of SRA. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 154.

These provisions read: 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 1 at pp 31 and 34.

6\. MEMBERSHIP FEES

…

6.4 If a member falls into arrears with its subscriptions or other dues, it
shall be informed immediately by the Treasurer. If it fails to settle its
arrears within 4 weeks of their becoming due, the President may order that its
name be posted on the Association’s notice board and that if be denied the
privileges of membership until the account is settled. If arrears are overdue
for more than 3 months, the organisation will automatically cease to be a
member and the Council may take legal action against the organisation.

…

8\. MANAGEMENT AND COUNCIL

8.1 The administration and management of the Association shall be entrusted to
a Council consisting of the following to be elected at alternate Annual
General Meeting:

President

1st and 2nd Vice-President

Secretary-General

Honorary Treasurer

10 Ordinary Council

The President and two-Vice President must be representatives of 3 different
Founder or Ordinary members.

…

16\. INTERPRETATION

16.1 In the event of any question or matter arising out of any point which is
not expressly provided for in this Constitution, the Council shall have the
power to use its own discretion. The decision of the Council shall be final
unless it is reversed at a General Meeting of members.

40 To begin, nothing on the face of these provisions empowers SSA to suspend
SRA’s privileges. Art 6.4 refers to suspension of a member’s privileges only
on the ground that the member falls into arrears with its subscription or
other dues. That ground is not engaged in this case. Art 8.1 merely entrusts
the council with the administration and management of SSA. Clearly, this must
be performed in accordance with the constitution, and cannot be read as
allowing the council to create powers for itself which the constitution does
not confer. Art 16.1 also makes no express reference to any power of
suspension. In fact, a provision very similar to art 16.1 was considered in
Chee Hock Keng v Chu Sheng Temple [2015] SGHC 192 (“Chee Hock Keng”), where it
was held at [52] per Aedit Abdullah JC (as he then was) that:

That provision appears to be primarily geared to allow the management
committee to have facilitative powers for the continued running and operation
of the Defendant. The expulsion of a member is a drastic and serious action;
it cannot be easily founded on a broad provision of this nature. It is also
noteworthy that the titled of Article XIII is “Interpretation”; while not
determinative, that description further reinforces the conclusion that the
article is merely facilitated and does not give any power to expel.

I agree fully with the foregoing passage, and consider that what it says about
expulsion applies equally to suspension. After all, both are penal in nature
and both involve deprivation of the privileges of membership.

41 This leaves the argument from the implication of terms to be considered. In
Chee Hock Keng, the court declined to imply a power of expulsion, following
the Court of Appeal’s decision in Foo Jong Peng and others v Phua Kiah Mai and
another [2012] 4 SLR 1267 (“Foo Jong Peng”). In Foo Jong Peng, the Court of
Appeal held that a term conferring a power on the management committee of a
club to remove office bearers could not be implied. Such a term failed the
“business efficacy” test as it was not necessary for the effective management
of the club. It also failed the “officious bystander” test as such a power
could not be said to be so obvious that members of the club would have
considered that it would go without saying that the management committee
itself should be free to remove an office bearer. In the present case, I would
follow the approach adopted in Chee Hock Keng and Foo Jong Peng and similarly
hold that it is neither necessary to imply a power of suspension for the
effective management of SSA nor is the power of suspension so obvious that
members of SSA would consider that it goes without saying that the SSA council
should have the power to suspend members of SSA.

42 Accordingly, the circular resolution is ultra vires because the SSA council
was not authorised under SSA’s constitution to suspend the privileges of SRA
at the NSC.

Power to pass circular resolutions

43 I also consider that the constitution does not empower the SSA council to
make decisions by way of circular resolution. The starting point, again, must
be SSA’s constitution. The relevant provision are arts 8.6, 8.8, 8.9 and 8.11,
which provide: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 1 at pp 31–32.

8 MANAGEMENT AND COUNCIL

…

8.6 Elections and resolutions at the Council meeting shall be by secret
ballot, unless agreed unanimously by those attending that it be done by show
of hands.

…

8.8 A Council Meeting shall be held at least once every quarter after giving
seven days’ notice to the Council Members. The President may call a Council
Meeting at any time by giving five days’ notice.

8.9 Any member of the Council absenting himself from three meetings
consecutively without satisfactory explanations shall be deemed to have
resigned from the Council wand a replacement may be appointed as provided for
in Article 8.4.

…

8.11 At least one half of the Council members shall form a quorum. If a quorum
is not present, the meeting shall stand adjourned for half an hour, and
therefore, those present shall form a quorum.

44 SSA argues that notwithstanding art 8.6, the constitution does not preclude
other forms and means of passing a resolution. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 151.

Specifically, it does not require that all resolutions be passed at a council
meeting. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions at para 12.

SSA relies again on arts 8.1 and 16.1, making the same argument as it does in
support of SSA’s power to suspend its members, that those provisions give the
SSA council unrestricted powers to address any issue or matter arising out of
any point not expressly provided for in SSA’s constitution. According to the
defendants, this entails that the council may determine and use other means of
passing a resolution, including circular resolutions of the kind used in this
case. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 151.

45 I have no hesitation in rejecting SSA’s argument. On the one hand, I accept
that on its face, art 8.6 appears only to regulate how resolutions are to be
passed at meetings and does not specify that all resolutions must be passed at
meetings. On the other hand, the overall tenor of the provisions quoted at
[43] above indicates that decisions of the SSA council are to be made in
meetings. Art 8.8 requires the council to meet at least once every quarter,
and allows additional council meetings to be convened at short notice. Art 8.9
emphasises the importance of attendance at council meetings. Art 8.11
prescribes the quorum for council meetings and makes provision for how
meetings may proceed if the attendance is below quorum. Art 8.6 makes rather
prescriptive provisions for how resolutions are to be passed at meetings (by
secret ballot unless there is unanimous agreement for voting to be done by
show of hand) while no provision is made for how resolutions may be passed
without a meeting. These provisions taken together, including the requirement
for secret ballot at council meetings, are inconsistent with the notion that
the SSA council could, in the absence of specific provisions empowering it to
do so, make decisions by circular resolution.

46 I do not accept that art 16.1, which has become SSA’s last refuge in this
series of arguments, empowers the council to make decisions by circular
resolution. Art 16.1 is entitled “Interpretation” and empowers the council to
use its discretion on “any question or matter arising out of any point which
is not expressly provided for in this Constitution”. The purpose of art 16.1
is to allow the council to use its discretion on matters not expressly
provided for in the constitution. Art 16.1 cannot be read to give the SSA
council carte blanche to create new powers for itself or create new modes of
exercising its powers, especially when these matters (eg how council
resolutions are passed) have already been expressly provided for in the
constitution. More importantly, art 16.1 makes clear that the invocation of
art 16.1 involves a “decision of the Council”. SSA is not able to point to any
previous resolution of the SSA council deciding that the council could
henceforth make decisions by circular resolution.

47 The defendants’ last argument here is that the court should imply a term in
SSA’s constitution that enables SSA to pass circular resolutions. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions at para 15.

The defendants say firstly that there is a “gap” because the council meets
only once every two to three months, and so a term must be implied to allow
the council a means of deciding matters between each meeting, such as by way
of circular resolution. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions at para 15(a).

Secondly, the defendants say that although allowing circular resolutions pose
an alleged risk to board governance standards, circular resolutions are not
illegal, and good governance is preserved by the fact that physical council
meetings would still take place regularly. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions at para 15(b).

48 I reject these submissions. I do not accept that there is a gap in the
constitution in the sense that the drafters failed to address their minds to
how the council would make decisions between regular meetings. That is because
while art 8.8 requires a council meeting to be held at least once every
quarter, it also empowers the president of SSA to call a council meeting “at
any time”, as long as he gives five days’ notice. Since there are already
express provisions for the making of urgent decisions in between regular
meetings (ie by convening additional meetings at short notice) there is no gap
to be filled by SSA’s proposed implied term. Even if there were a gap, the
proposed implied term would not satisfy the “business efficacy” test because
the ability of the president of SSA to call a council meeting at any time at
short notice renders it unnecessary, for the effective operation of SSA, to
imply a term enabling the SSA council to pass circular resolutions.

49 Finally, the proposed term also fails the “officious bystander” test as I
do not accept that an obvious term to be implied to fill that gap would be a
term empowering the council to make circular resolutions. This is because the
mechanism of circular resolutions has been famously criticised for promoting
bad corporate governance, a criticism that the defendants appear to
acknowledge at some level. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions at para 15(b).

My conclusion is also supported by the fact that never in SSA’s history has
there been an attempt to pass a circular resolution. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Certified Transcript, 1 February 2018, p 105 at lines 15-19 and 2 February
2018, p 26 at lines 3-9..

50 For the reasons above, the circular resolution is ultra vires because the
SSA council was not authorised under the SSA constitution to make decisions by
circular resolutions.

Right to be heard

51 Finally, even if I am wrong that the circular resolution is ultra vires, I
hold that it was passed in breach of the rules of natural justice, in that the
circular resolution was passed without giving SRA a reasonable opportunity to
be heard.

52 It is not disputed that SRA has a right to be heard and that SRA was not
given an opportunity to be heard prior to the passing of the circular
resolution. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions at para 10.

SSA’s explanation is that SRA need not be given such an opportunity because
SRA was not suspended pursuant to the circular resolution. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions at para 10.

Instead, the circular resolution was merely a preliminary measure for gauging
the level of support for SRA’s suspension. If there were sufficient support,
then SSA would proceed to convene a BOI to investigate SRA’s failures to
comply with the council’s resolutions, and to hear SRA’s reasons for those
failures. Only after that would the council make a decision to suspend SRA’s
privileges at the NSC. SRA was therefore afforded an opportunity to be heard
at the hearing of the BOI held on 16 March 2016. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defendants’ Closing Submission at para 155.

53 The issue here therefore is one of fact. Assuming that the circular
resolution was not ultra vires, did the SSA council intend, by the circular
resolution, to suspend SRA’s privileges at the NSC? The answer must be
discerned from the terms of the resolution itself. The relevant terms are
reproduced below: 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 3 at pp 1156–1157.

BY CIRCULAR RESOLUTION

RESOLUTION:

Proposed by : Michael Vaz

Seconded by: Patrick Chen

The Council of the Singapore Shooting Association (SSA) hereby resolves by
Circular Resolution, to suspend the privileges of the Singapore Rifle
Association (SRA) in the premises known as the National Shooting Centre (NSC)
from January 1st 2016.

…

TERMS OF THE SUSPENSION

The suspension will be a limited action whereby,

a. SRA will not be allowed to block book any ranges for SRA Activities.

b. All SRA staff and SRA endorsed coaches currently registered will not be
recognised as coaches or approved supervisors.

c. SRA staff and SRA endorsed coaches will not be allowed to book individual
lanes for instructing members or walk in guests.

d. SRA will not be allowed to book any NSC facilities for SRA functions or
meetings.

This action is not targeted at the SRA members who for the most part are
oblivious to the actions of the SRA Council.

…

54 For the following reasons, I reject SSA’s argument that the resolution was
not intended to be the instrument to effect the suspension of SRA’s privileges
at the NSC. First, the terms of the circular resolution clearly indicate
otherwise. The council, it says, “resolves by Circular Resolution, to suspend
the privileges of [SRA]”. And the resolution gives a specific date for the
suspension to take effect, ie 1 January 2016. Nothing is mentioned in the
resolution about any need to convene a BOI. It does not say that the
suspension would come into effect after a BOI has made its finding, or after
formal adoption of a decision to suspend in a subsequently convened council
meeting.

55 Second, there is no reference to a BOI hearing in any of the emails that
preceded the passing of the circular resolution. Nor do these emails bear out
SSA’s explanation that the circular resolution was merely some sort of straw
poll to gauge the level of support for a suspension within the SSA council
before the formal process for suspension is initiated. In particular, I note
that there was no mention by SSA of a BOI until after SSA received the letter
dated 16 December 2015 from SRA’s lawyers objecting to the circulation (see
[21] above) and complaining that, among other things, SSA had failed to
respect SRA’s right to due process. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 3, p 1171 at paras 8–10.

(The first written reference to a BOI was in Mr Vaz’s e-mail of 18 December
2015 to the Vice-President of SSA, Mr Peter Teh. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 3, p 1254.

) In my view, therefore, the defendants’ explanation that they had all along
intended to convene a BOI is a mere afterthought.

56 In fact, when Mr Vaz wrote to Mr Yap on 11 December 2015 proposing the
terms of the resolution, he could not have put it in clearer terms that the
resolution was the means by which SSA would penalise SRA for its alleged
breaches and, as quickly as possible, regain “control of the situation” in the
light of SRA’s recourse to legal action against SSA. Mr Vaz wrote: 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 3 at pp 1153–1154.

Dear Beng Hui,

Events over the past three months have clearly demonstrated to the SSA Council
Members that SRA has no intention to comply with the resolutions passed by the
SSA Council. It was SRA who fired the first salvo with two legal demands from
their lawyers on October 7th and 8th. SSA was clearly defensive when it was
forced to appoint its own lawyers on October 10th 2015.

SRA has committed so many breaches that SSA needs to take control of the
situation.

…

I am truly dismayed that a member of SSA can act in this manner and get away
with it. In any civilised club, the member would have been expelled.
Unfortunately, we have members in the SSA Council who are sympathetic towards
SRA and I am hesitant to call for SRA’s expulsion at this time.

I am tabling a resolution to suspend SRA from all privileges at the NSC
commencing January 1st. It is not SSA’s intention to disadvantage the innocent
members of SRA so the suspension I am proposing is a limited suspension.

…

I am asking you as Secretary General to send a Circular Resolution to the SSA
Council to the SSA Council Members with the above arguments. Please ask each
Council Member for the reasons that they object to the motion to suspend SRA
in writing so we can discuss it at the council meeting I intend to call to
officially ratify this resolution before Christmas.

[emphasis added]

57 This email shows firstly that Mr Vaz was serious about suspending SRA’s
privileges at the NSC. He would have expelled SRA if he could, but he did not
think it would sit well with some in the SSA council. He therefore opted for a
less drastic course. In fact, he had been thinking of expelling SRA since at
least 1 October 2015, as an email he sent that day shows. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 1 at p 508.

Secondly, the email of 11 December 2015 shows that he was eager to impose the
suspension. He wanted the suspension to take effect on 1 January 2016.
Thirdly, given this tight timetable, there was simply no time to convene any
BOI to conduct any hearing on or investigation into SRA’s alleged breaches
during the short two weeks between the passing of the circular resolution and
the date it was supposed to take effect. From this, the inference is clear
that the BOI hearings – all of which were conducted after January 2016 – were
an empty formality intended only to create the impression that SRA was given
some kind of due process when in fact suspension was but a fait accompli.

58 There are two further points I should deal with for completeness. First, I
consider that the reference in the 11 December 2015 email to having the
circular resolution ratified at a council meeting before Christmas does not
detract from the notion that the effective instrument for bringing about the
suspension of SRA’s privileges was the circular resolution. The email does not
speak of passing a fresh resolution or a definitive resolution at the council
meeting to be held before Christmas. Instead, the purpose of the meeting was
to ratify the circular resolution, thus confirming that the circular
resolution was intended to be the operative instrument. If anything, the
intended timing of the council meeting (before Christmas) further confirms
that the convening of the BOI was never on the cards, so to speak, until after
SSA received SRA’s lawyers’ letter of 16 December 2015. Second, although Mr
Yap remarked in cross-examination that he and Mr Vaz had “discussed a little”
the convening of a BOI when they met on 30 November 2015, 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Certified Transcript, 1 February 2018, p 123 at lines 15 to 20.

I did not give much weight to this remark. This point was not mentioned in Mr
Yap’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief, not corroborated by any of the other
defendants and not borne out by any documents.

59 I therefore find that SSA intended the circular resolution to be the
effective instrument for bringing about the suspension of SRA’s privileges at
the NSC, and that there was never any intention on the part of SSA to convene
a BOI until after SRA got wind of the circular resolution and got its lawyers
to write to SSA protesting the circular resolution. Accordingly, in so far as
the circular resolution purported to suspend SRA’s privileges at the NSC, it
must be invalidated because SRA was not given a fair hearing before the
circular resolution was passed.

Mootness of the challenge

60 It remains for me to deal with SSA’s submissions that SRA’s challenge
against the validity of the circular resolution is moot. SSA’s first
submission in this regard is built on the fact that SRA is no longer a member
of SSA. I do not see how this assists SSA’s case. When this suit was
commenced, SRA was still a member of SSA. The purported expulsion of SRA by
SSA six months after the commencement of this suit cannot deprive this court
of the jurisdiction to rule on a dispute which was clearly extant and relevant
at the time the suit was brought. I also note that, up till today, SRA has not
accepted the legality of its expulsion and continues to contest it. Although
SSA makes the point that no formal legal proceedings have been brought by SRA
to contest the expulsion, I note that the time limit for bringing such legal
action has not expired.

61 SSA’s second submission is that SRA never had privileges to use the NSC
under SSA’s constitution. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 156–157.

Instead, any such privilege stemmed solely from the Agreement. I reject this
submission. As SRA correctly highlights, the Agreement dealt only with the
Club Range. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions at para 12.

The Agreement does not spell out any other rights or privileges SRA enjoys at
the NSC. Those other rights or privileges pre-date and are independent of the
Agreement. Hence, they must arise as a result of SRA’s relationship with SSA
as a member of the latter. Moreover, not even Mr Vaz himself believed that he
was acting in vain in proposing the circular resolution. As president of SSA,
he believed that SRA had been accorded privileges at the NSC as a result of
its membership of the SSA, and SSA was therefore entitled to suspend those
privileges as a matter of SSA’s internal discipline. Hence, SSA’s case on the
true source of SRA’s privileges at the NSC is incorrect in law and contrary to
the evidence.

62 A final point to be addressed here relates to two motions passed
respectively at the SSA council meeting on 13 February 2016 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 4, p 1682 at para 13.

and at the SSA council meeting on 9 April 2016. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 4, p 1844 at para 20.

The motion of 13 February 2016 provided for the suspension of SRA “as a Member
Club of SSA” without indicating the specific terms of suspension. It was
adopted with three votes in favour, zero votes against and two abstentions.
The three votes in favour were cast by Mr Vaz, Mr Yap and Mr Chen. The motion
of 9 April 2016 provided for the suspension of SRA “as a Member Club of SSA
with no privileges on the use of all ranges and armouries in NSC”. It was
adopted with three votes in favour, zero votes against and zero abstentions.
The only voting members of the SSA council present at this meeting were Mr
Vaz, Mr Yap and Mr Chen, and all three voted in favour of the motion. Did the
passing of these two motions cure the irregularities identified in respect of
the circular resolution? In my judgment, the answer is “no”.

63 The fact remains that SSA has no power under its constitution to suspend a
member or a member’s privileges, as I have concluded at [42] above. The fact
also remains that at the time the circular resolution was passed, SRA had not
been given a fair hearing on the cause for suspending its privileges, as I
have concluded at [59] above. In fact, the motion of 13 February 2016 was also
passed without the BOI having heard from SRA: 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 4, p 1682 at para 11.

see [23]–[25] above. Although the motion of 9 April 2016 was passed after the
BOI held its second hearing, during which SRA was invited to make
representations but declined for reasons outlined at [26] above, I am not
persuaded that this would have cured any concerns over breach of natural
justice, given my finding at [57] above that the BOI was an empty formality
intended only to create the impression that SRA was given some kind of due
process when in fact suspension was but a fait accompli.

64 For all the reasons above, I hold that the circular resolution was ultra
vires and invalid.

Issue 2: Conspiracy to injure

65 I turn now to SRA’s claim in conspiracy. For the reasons below, I accept
SRA’s case that Mr Vaz, Mr Yap and Mr Chen are liable in the tort of
conspiracy by agreeing to injure SRA’s interests through procuring an ultra
vires resolution of the SSA Council with the intention of causing such injury.
I begin with the applicable principles.

Applicable principles

66 Both sides relied on SH Cogent Logistics Pte Ltd and another v Singapore
Agro Agriculture Pte Ltd and other [2014] 4 SLR 1208 (“SH Cogent”) as
authority for the elements of the tort of conspiracy. In that case, Woo Bih Li
J stated that the essence of conspiracy is an agreement between two or more
persons to act in a manner that is intended to injure, and that does injure
another (at [17]). He then set out the elements of the tort as follows (at
[18]):

(a) There must be an agreement between two or more persons to do certain act.

(b) If the conspiracy involves:

(i) unlawful means, then the conspirator must have intended to cause damage to
the claimant;

(ii) lawful means, then the conspirators must additionally have had the
predominant purpose of causing damage to the claimant.

(c) Acts must have been performed in furtherance of the agreement.

(d) Damage must have been suffered by the claimant.

67 As for the ambit of “unlawful means”, in EFT Holdings, Inc and another v
Marineteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT
Holdings”) the Court of Appeal considered (at [91] per Sundaresh Menon CJ)
whether Singapore should follow the House of Lord’s rejection in Revenue and
Customs Commissioners v Total Network SL [2008] 1 AC 1174 (“Total Network”) of
the notion that “unlawful means” are confined to actionable civil wrongs of
the kind enunciated by the majority in OBG Ltd v Allan [2008] 1 AC 1 (“OBG”).
While expressing a preference for the Total Network approach, the Court of
Appeal in EFT Holdings held that it need not reach a conclusion on the point
as there was no dispute in that case over the element of unlawfulness. What is
clear from EFT Holdings is that in Singapore, the ambit of “unlawful means”
comprises at least civil wrongs which are actionable by the claimant: see OBG
at [49] per Lord Hoffmann. In the present case, the SSA council’s passing of
an ultra vires resolution, in breach of SSA’s constitution, to suspend SRA’s
privileges at the NSC, is actionable by SRA. The passing of that resolution
therefore constitutes unlawful means. Hence, the applicable species of the
conspiracy tort here is unlawful means conspiracy.

Whether unlawful means conspiracy is established

68 Having regard to these principles, the issues I need to address are:

(a) whether the Individual Defendants committed acts pursuant to an agreement
among themselves;

(b) whether the Individual Defendants intended to cause damage to SRA; and

(c) whether SRA suffered damage.

Whether the Individual Defendants committed acts pursuant to an agreement
among themselves

69 As the alleged unlawful means is the passing of the circular resolution to
suspend SRA’s privileges at the NSC, the overt acts alleged to be committed in
furtherance of the conspiracy would be the acts of the Individual Defendants
in drafting, promoting and voting for the circular resolution. There is no
dispute that the Individual Defendants carried out such acts. The question
which remains is whether these acts were committed by the Individual
Defendants pursuant to an agreement among themselves.

70 In this regard, it was observed by the Court of Appeal in EFT Holding (at
[113]) that the existence of an agreement is often inferred from the
circumstances and acts of the alleged conspirators (citing Asian Corporate
Services (SEA) Pte Ltd v Eastwest Management Ltd (Singapore Branch) [2006] 1
SLR(R) 901 (“Asian Corporate Services”) and The “Dolphina” [2012] 1 SLR 992).
In Asian Corporate Services, the Court of Appeal noted at [19] per Chao Hick
Tin JA that “[i]t is not often that the victim of a conspiracy will be able to
obtain direct evidence to prove the allegation. Proof of a conspiracy is
normally to be inferred from other objective facts.” Similarly, it was
observed in The Dolphina (at [264] per Belinda Ang J) that, because direct
evidence of a combination is unlikely to be forthcoming:

… proof of the agreement or combination is usually gathered from the unlawful
acts committed, for such acts are often sufficient (when taken with any
relevant surrounding circumstances) to justify the inference that their
commission was the product of concert between the alleged conspirators.

71 Finally, as observed in Chung Cheng Fishery Enterprise Pte Ltd v Chuan Hern
Hsiung and Another (Lin Chao-Feng and Another, Third Parties) [2008] SGHC 135
at [79]–[82] per Andrew Ang J, citing Kuwait Oil Tanker Co SAK v Al Bader
[2000] 2 All ER Comm 271 at 312 per Nourse LJ:

(a) the common intention to injure may be forged expressly or tacitly;

(b) participation in a conspiracy can be active or passive;

(c) the agreement of a participant can be inferred if it is proved that he
knew what was going on, and the intention to participate is also established
by his failure to stop the unlawful activity; and

(d) the close confidence shared between participants may lead to the inference
that one participant would have known another participant’s reason for wanting
particular acts to be done.

72 Before the circular resolution was disseminated to all members of the SSA
council on 16 December 2016, Mr Vaz, Mr Yap and Mr Chen had been working
together to procure a suspension of SRA’s privileges. On 11 December 2015, Mr
Vaz sent an email to Mr Yap indicating his intention to table a resolution to
suspend SRA’s privileges at the NSC commencing 1 January 2016. In the email,
Mr Vaz stated that he would be “pleased to assist in writing the circular”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 3 at p 1154.

On 14 December 2015, Mr Yap replied with a draft circular resolution, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 3 at pp 1149–1150.

which Mr Vaz amended and sent by email on the morning of 16 December 2015 to
the SSA council (less Mr Loo of SRA) and representatives of Sport Singapore.
Besides explaining the intended suspension in his email, Mr Vaz took care to
emphasise the need to “play by the book” since SRA would receive the
resolution. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 3 at p 1151.

He also instructed Mr Yap to get a seconder for the resolution. Mr Yap
obtained Mr Chen’s agreement to act as the seconder sometime between 10:29 am
and 11:59 am on 16 December 2015. (Mr Yap sent an e-mail to Mr Chen at 10:29
am asking Mr Chen to second the resolution, to which Mr Chen responded only at
4:27 pm. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Exhibit D2

The finalised draft circular resolution was sent to all SSA Council members at
11:59 am on 16 December 2015 naming Mr Chen as the seconder. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 3 at p 1155.

It was Mr Yap’s and Mr Chen’s evidence that there was a telephone conversation
between them sometime between 10:29 am and 11:59 am during which Mr Chen
agreed to second the resolution. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Certified Transcript, 1 February 2018, p 145 at line 14–p 146 at line 3 and 2
February 2018, p 112 at lines 4–11.

)

73 If further evidence of the existence of an agreement is needed, reference
may be made to the way Mr Vaz tabulated the votes. On 18 December 2015, before
Mr Yap had recorded his own vote, Mr Vaz sent an email to the SSA council’s
vice-president, Mr Peter Teh, to say that the council had the votes to suspend
SRA. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 3 at p 1254.

At that time, there were only two positive votes, namely, those of Mr Vaz and
Mr Chen. Apart from Mr Yap who had not voted and SRA’s Mr Loo who had
objected, the other council members had either abstained or not responded. The
only explanation for this is that there was already an understanding between
Mr Vaz and Mr Yap that the latter would support the resolution. Mr Yap
conceded this during cross-examination: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Certified Transcript, 1 February 2018, p 152 at line 3 to p 153 at line 4.

Q Did you ever reply with your vote to this resolution? I think you know that
question was going to be asked because you’ve been sitting in court. So,
having thought through and knowing that I’m going to ask this question, please
tell me now.

A I did not reply.

Q Okay.

A Yes.

Q You did not reply but you heard what Mr Vaz said. Right?

A Yes.

Q He counted your vote as a ‘yes’.

A Yes.

Q Coincidence? It’s not right? It’s not coincidence that Mr Vaz has telepathic
understanding with you because Mr Vaz always knew that you were going to say
‘yes’ to his resolution. Correct?

A That it will be ‘yes’ unless I tell him otherwise so. I didn’t indicate any
otherwise, so I expect him, yes, to expect a ‘yes’ from me.

Q But that means you guys stitched it all up, you know, Mr Yap, because by
your very answer, it means you had told Mr Vaz and you had talked to him and
he knew you were going to say ‘yes’. So it was just an administrative slip
that you forgot to reply on email.

A Yes.

74 In fact, the existence of the agreement among the Individual Defendants can
be traced back to the SSA council meeting of 30 November 2015, during which Mr
Vaz, Mr Yap and Mr Chen all voted to ratify previous SSA council resolutions
whose alleged breach by SRA would later form the basis of the circular
resolution to suspend SRA. As SRA highlighted in its closing submission, in
convening the meeting on 30 November 2015 for the purpose of the ratification
exercise, Mr Yap kept the meeting’s agenda deliberately vague. Nothing was
mentioned about any intention on Mr Vaz’s part to table previous resolutions
for ratification. The agenda simply stated: 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submission at para 182.

1\. Confirmation of Minutes of Last Meeting on November 14, 2015

2\. Matters Arising

3\. Secretary’s Report and Follow-Ups

4\. Any Other Business

5\. Next Meeting – 1/2016 SSA Council Meeting

January 9, 2016 (Saturday)

10am – 12 pm

Conference Room, National Shooting Centre

It was Mr Yap’s evidence that Mr Vaz had, on the sidelines of the 30 November
2015 meeting, discussed with him a plan to get SRA suspended, and according to
his recollection Mr Chen “could be” present at this conversation. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Certified Transcript, 1 February 2018, p 123 at line 14 to p 124 at line 24.

75 On one view, the agreement among the Individual Defendants was reached by
16 December 2015 when Mr Chen agreed to second the resolution drafted by Mr
Yap and amended by Mr Vaz. Pursuant to that agreement, the Individual
Defendants promoted and voted in favour of the circular resolution. On another
view, the Individual Defendants had agreed on or before 30 November 2015 to
work towards suspension of SRA and, pursuant to that agreement, the Individual
Defendants procured the ratification of the five resolutions subsequently used
to justify the passing of the circular resolution, followed by subsequent acts
of the Individual Defendants in drafting, promoting and voting for the
circular resolution.

76 On either view, I am satisfied that there was an agreement among the
Individual Defendants to procure the suspension of SRA, and that they acted in
furtherance of this agreement.

Whether the Individual Defendants intended to cause damage to SRA

77 The next question is whether the Individual Defendants acted with the
requisite intention. Given my finding that the present case involves unlawful
means conspiracy, the relevant test is whether the Individual Defendants had
the intention to injure SRA. It is not necessary, in cases of unlawful means
conspiracy, to prove that the alleged conspirators acted with the predominant
purpose of injuring the claimant.

78 To establish the requisite intention for unlawful means conspiracy, the
claimant must show that the unlawful means and the conspiracy were targeted or
directed at him. It is not sufficient that harm to the claimant would be a
likely, or probable or even inevitable consequence of the defendant’s conduct.
Injury to the claimant must have been intended as a means to an end or as an
end in itself. As Lord Hoffmann observed in OBG at [62] (which is cited with
approval by the Court of Appeal in EFT Holdings at [104]):

… it is necessary to distinguish between ends, means and consequences. One
intend to cause loss even though it is the means by which one achieved the end
of enriching oneself. On the other hand, one is not liable for loss which is
neither a desired end nor a means of attaining it but merely a foreseeable
consequence of one’s actions.

79 As the circular resolution was aimed at suspending SRA’s privileges, there
is no doubt that the conspiracy was “targeted or directed” at SRA. The
intention of the conspirators can be easily gathered from the terms of the
circular resolution, which suspended SRA’s privileges in the following manner:

The suspension will be a limited action whereby,

a. SRA will not be allowed to block book any ranges for SRA Activities.

b. All SRA staff and SRA endorsed coaches currently registered will not be
recognised as coaches or approved supervisors.

c. SRA staff and SRA endorsed coaches will not be allowed to book individual
lanes for instructing members or walk in guests.

d. SRA will not be allowed to book any NSC facilities for SRA functions or
meetings.

This action is not targeted at the SRA members who for the most part are
oblivious to the actions of the SRA Council. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 3 at pp 1156–1157.

80 Each of these four ways in which SRA’s privileges were to be suspended
would have been injurious to SRA, as it would have impeded SRA’s ability to
carry out its activities and prevented SRA from providing coaching and
instructional services. The final sentence in the passage quoted above, in
attempting to explain that the measures were not targeted at the individual
SRA members, merely serves to confirm that the measures were targeted at SRA
as an organisation. During cross-examination, Mr Vaz tried to put a gloss on
this by maintaining that he was targeting only the SRA council, and not SRA.
110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Certified Transcript, 30 January 2018, p 103 at line 19 to p 104 at line 1; p
105 at line 4 to p 106 at line 3.

This attempt by Mr Vaz to draw a distinction between SRA and its council is
artificial and unsustainable. It ignores the fact that the SRA council is not
only an integral part of SRA, but also the governing body of SRA. Actions
which harm and impede the SRA council would necessarily harm and impede SRA.
In the end, Mr Vaz could not deny that the circular resolution was intended to
injure SRA. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Certified Transcript, 30 January 2018, p 118 at lines 7–19.

81 The Individual Defendants explained in their respective affidavits of
evidence-in-chief, in identical words, that they sought SRA’s suspension
“without any intention to injure SRA, but in good faith for the purpose of
promoting, forwarding and/or defending the best interest of SSA”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Michael Vaz Lorrain’s AEIC at para 144; Yap Beng Hui’s AEIC at para 45;
Patrick Chen’s AEIC at para 45.

Although this is a bare assertion devoid of particulars, the defendants
elaborated in their closing submissions that:

(a) SRA’s breaches of the relevant SSA council resolutions had put SSA at risk
of liabilities for breach of the terms of the NSC sub-lease; and

(b) the purpose of the circular resolution was therefore to get SRA to comply
with the said SSA council resolutions, so as to protect SSA from such
liabilities. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Defendants’ Closing Submission at para 251(c).

82 My first comment is that the defendants’ explanation that the circular
resolution’s purpose was to get SRA to comply with certain SSA council
resolutions does not ring true. The explanation is not borne out by the terms
of the circular resolution, which contains no provision for the suspension to
be lifted or stayed if SRA were to comply with the said SSA council
resolutions. My second comment is that, as this case concerns unlawful means
conspiracy, such an explanation, even if true, would not assist the Individual
Defendants. This is because even if I accept that the ends which the
Individual Defendants hoped to attain through SRA’s suspension is the
promotion and defence of SSA’s interests, the injury which would be caused to
SRA by the proposed suspension would nonetheless constitute the means of
attaining those ends. That, according to the principles discussed at [78]
above, would be sufficient to satisfy the element of intention to injure in
unlawful means conspiracy.

83 In any event, for completeness, I note that SRA proffers a different
explanation for the Individual Defendants’ motive behind the conspiracy. SRA
submits that Mr Vaz bears a longstanding grudge against SRA which had
originated in 2012. SRA alleges that in 2012, Mr Vaz was embroiled in a power
struggle with Mr Laurence Wee, the then chairman of SRA, for the presidency of
SSA. When Mr Wee was elected to that office in September 2012, Mr Vaz publicly
stated his intention to contest the result in the courts. Mr Wee later stepped
down, and Mr Vaz was elected President of SSA. SRA alleges that Mr Vaz’s “bad
blood” with SRA’s leadership continued into Mr Eng’s chairmanship of SRA. Mr
Vaz also made direct reference to this in his email dated 16 December 2015
proposing the circular resolution, claiming that “since the time of SRA
President Laurence Wee, SRA has consistently acted against SSA’s mission to
open the NSC facilities to all Singaporeans”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 3 at p 1151.

When confronted with this email in cross-examination, Mr Vaz appeared to
acknowledge that his animosity towards SRA played a role in his proposal to
suspend SRA: 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Certified Transcript, 30 January 2018, p 116 at lines 7–18.

Q Not yet. Because, you see, you are trying to instill a certain spin in your
email at page 1151. You are trying to tell the story as you can see it because
you said: “Since the time of SRA President Laurence Wee …” You are dredging up
the past. Right?

A Yes.

Q You are reminding people of that animosity that you had with Laurence, if I
can call him that, Mr Laurence Wee, during his tenure, isn’t it?

A Yes.

84 As I have found that Mr Vaz, Mr Yap and Mr Chen possessed the requisite
intention for the purposes of the tort of conspiracy by unlawful means, it is
not necessary for me to decide on SRA’s submission on this point. However, to
appreciate more fully the context of this case, it seems to me relevant to
note that there appears to be some support for SRA’s contention that Mr Vaz’s
actions in this case may be explained in part by a longstanding animosity
between him and SRA’s leadership.

Whether SRA suffered Damage

85 Finally, SRA needs to show that it has suffered damage. Damage in the tort
of conspiracy is proved if the plaintiff is able to show that some pecuniary
loss has been suffered by him; he need not prove precisely that loss, because
damages are at large: JTrust Asia Pte Ltd v Group Lease Holdings Pte Ltd and
others [2018] 2 SLR 159 (“JTrust”) at [61] per Steven Chong JA. In this case,
SRA pleaded that the conspiracy resulted in (a) loss arising from and related
to the investigation and detection of the said conspiracy; and (b) loss
arising from and related to the undertaking of steps to redress the said
conspiracy. It argues that it has suffered pecuniary loss in that it incurred
costs to investigate, respond to and unravel the conspiracy. In this regard,
SRA relied on:

(a) Ong Han Ling v American Insurance Assurance Co Ltd [2018] 5 SLR 549 (“Ong
Han Ling”), where Belinda Ang J held that costs of investigation can
constitute a head of loss in a conspiracy claim so long as there is a causal
link between the costs of investigating the conspiracy and the tort itself (at
[14]); and

(b) Clearlab SG Pte Ltd v Ting Chong Chai [2015] 1 SLR 163 (“Clearlab”), where
Lee Seiu Kin J awarded damages for the costs of investigating confidential
documents that had been removed pursuant to a conspiracy to injure the
plaintiff on the basis that those costs “flowed from the conspiracy” (at
[243]).

86 The defendants submit that in the absence of other types of pecuniary loss
over and above the costs of investigating, detecting and responding to the
conspiracy, the court should not accept that the costs of investigating,
detecting and responding to the conspiracy could, by themselves, satisfy the
“damage” element of the tort of conspiracy. Were it otherwise, the defendants
reason, the requirement of damage would be rendered otiose as a claimant would
always be able to establish the “damage” element of the tort by claiming that
it had incurred costs in investigating, detecting and responding to the
conspiracy. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 228.

The defendants further submit that the foregoing principle is applicable here
as SRA has suffered no other damage because the suspension pursuant to the
circular resolution was never carried into effect. In this regard, the
defendants point out that in SH Cogent, Woo J “declined to determine” whether
such costs could, by themselves, satisfy the requirement of damage in the tort
of conspiracy. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 226.

The defendants also suggest that Ong Han Ling was mistaken in its reliance on
the English High Court case of R+V Verscherung AG v Risk Insurance and other
[2006] EWHC 42 (Comm) (“R+V Verscherung”) because the English High Court, in
that case, “declined to make any determination as to whether or not there was
a need to prove other pecuniary loss in addition to investigation costs”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 224 to 225, read with para 220.

87 My first observation is that SH Cogent is a case which pre-dates both Ong
Han Ling and Clearlab. So, to the extent that the law in Singapore on this
point was unclear at the time SH Cogent was decided, the law has since been
clarified by Ong Han Ling and Clearlab. In any event, SH Cogent contains no
statements which could be construed as casting doubt on the point. All that
Woo J stated was that, on the facts, he did not need to decide the point (at
[169]). I also reject the defendants’ suggestion that Ong Han Ling misread R+V
Verscherung. Although Gloster J made a finding of fact in R+V Verscherung that
the plaintiff suffered other pecuniary loss besides investigation costs, thus
rendering merely obiter his comments on whether investigation costs, by
themselves, constitute damage for the tort of conspiracy, Gloster J did not
decline to express a view on the issue. On the contrary, Gloster J opined at
[64] and [77] as follows:

64 The reference, however, to the potential need to prove some other pecuniary
loss in addition to the time spent remedying or mitigating the damage is
perhaps difficult, with respect, to understand. Either the claim for wasted
employee time amounts to recoverable loss or it does not. Why should it make a
difference whether there is another clearly recoverable head of loss?

…

77 In my judgment, as a matter of principle, such head of loss (i.e. the cost
of wasted staff time spent on the investigation and/or mitigation of the tort)
is recoverable, notwithstanding that no additional expenditure “loss” or loss
of revenue or profit can be shown. …

And it was [77] of R+V Verscherung which was cited by Ang J at [14] of Ong Han
Ling.

88 In my judgment, the law in Singapore on this point is clearly laid down in
Ong Han Ling and Clearlab as well as in Li Siu Lun v Looi Kok Poh and another
[2015] 4 SLR 667. I therefore hold that costs of investigating, detecting and
responding to the conspiracy are sufficient to satisfy the “damage” element of
the tort of conspiracy if there is a causal link between such costs and the
tort itself.

89 In conclusion, the conspiracy which led to the passing of the circular
resolution was a cause of SRA’s investigation into the circumstances in which
the resolution was passed. The costs of that investigation, including legal
fees and disbursements, are therefore recoverable. Accordingly, SRA succeeds
in establishing the tort of conspiracy against the Individual Defendants.

Quantum of damages

90 I turn now to the quantum of damages to be awarded for the loss that SRA
suffered as a result of this tort. SRA claims damages for the following heads
of loss:

(a) legal fees and disbursements paid to SRA’s solicitors for the purpose of
obtaining advice on and investigating the conspiracy, in the sum of $63,200;
and

(b) costs incurred in scheduling SRA council meetings in relation to the
investigation of the conspiracy, in the sum of $16,180, the breakdown of which
is as follows:

(i) $1,100 in respect of Mr Eng Fook Hoong;

(ii) $3,080 in respect of Mr Simon Ng;

(iii) $3,850 in respect of Mr Conrad Chung;

(iv) $2,200 in respect of Mr Timothy Ng;

(v) $1,050 in respect of Mr Kevin Leong;

(vi) $1,100 in respect of Mr Ong Eng Chong;

(vii) $2,100 in respect of Mr Ricky Cheung;

(viii) $1,700 in respect of four other council members; and

(ix) $500 in disbursements.

91 In my view, SRA is entitled to recover from the Individual Defendants the
legal fees and disbursements that SRA paid to its solicitors for the purpose
of seeking advice on and investigating and responding to the conspiracy. I am
satisfied that this is loss that was caused by the Individual Defendants’
tort. I order that the quantum of damages for this head of loss be taxed if
not agreed.

92 However, I do not think that SRA is entitled to recover the costs which its
council members incurred in scheduling meetings to respond to the conspiracy.
That is because SRA did not suffer loss in this regard. These were losses
suffered by SRA council members (not SRA), and SRA was not obliged to pay its
council members for their efforts in relation to the investigation of the
conspiracy, given that they were volunteers. Mr Eng accepted this during
cross-examination, and as he put it, “When we act as volunteers, we don’t
expect payment.” 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Certified Transcript, 25 January 2018, p 39 at line 8.

If any of the SRA council members involved had also been SRA’s salaried staff,
I would have considered allowing recovery if it can be shown they were
diverted from the usual activities for which they were being paid by SRA. The
distinction is between (a) salary which SRA is obliged to pay its staff and
which is “wasted” because the time of the staff so paid was diverted from
SRA’s usual business towards responding to the conspiracy, and (b) honorariums
or voluntary payments which SRA makes to council members to compensate their
loss. The former is a pecuniary loss resulting directly from the conspiracy.
The latter depends on SRA’s decision to be compassionate to its council
members.

93 As none of SRA members listed at [90(b)] above were SRA’s salaried staff, I
do not allow SRA’s claim for costs of time incurred by its members in
investigating and responding to the conspiracy.

Section 32A of the Charities Act

94 Finally, the Individual Defendants rely on s 32A of the Charities Act,
which provides that the court may relieve a person on the governing board of a
charity from liability for negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of
trust if “it appears to the court” that “the person has acted honestly and
reasonably and, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, he ought
fairly to be excused for the negligence, default or breach.” Having regard to
my finding that the Individual Defendants acted with intention to harm SRA
and, in the process of doing so, not only acted in breach of the SSA
constitution but also acted in breach of natural justice, I consider that this
is not a case where those governing the relevant charity – in this case, the
Individual Defendants in relation to SSA – had acted reasonably. A necessary
condition for the invocation of s 32A is therefore not met. Therefore, no
relief ought to be granted under to that provision.

Issue 3: Cost of demolition

95 I come now to the defendants’ counterclaim. This is a claim for a sum of
$26,536, which is the amount that the defendants paid Pikasa to demolish the
Club Range. The contractual basis for this claim is cl 10 of the Agreement.
Clause 10, in essence, obliges SRA to indemnify SSA for losses caused by SRA’s
activities at the NSC.

96 SRA resists this claim on four main grounds:

(a) SSA has not suffered any loss for which SSA may claim to be indemnified by
SSA under cl 10. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 296–297.

(b) SSA in demolishing the Club Range breached an implied term to use
reasonable efforts to assist SRA in obtaining the necessary regulatory
approvals, and breached an implied term to refrain from demolition without
first using reasonable efforts to assist SRA in regularising the Club Range.
121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 378.

SRA contends that this implicates the principle that a person cannot be
permitted to take advantage of his own wrong, and on this principle, SSA
cannot rely on its on breach of contract to claim an indemnity under the same
contract under cl 10. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 359–361.

(c) At the time SRA entered into the Agreement, it was mistaken that the pre-
existing structures at Range X had been built with regulatory approvals, and
this mistake renders the Agreement void, with the effect that cl 10 is not
binding on SRA. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 442–444.

(d) SRA was induced to enter into the Agreement by SSA’s misrepresentation
that those pre-existing structures had been built with the relevant regulatory
approvals, and for that reason, SRA is entitled to rescind the Agreement, with
the effect that cl 10 is not enforceable against SRA. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 486–488.

97 In brief, dealing first with the third and fourth grounds as they go to the
very subsistence of the Agreement, I do not agree that the Agreement is liable
to be set aside on the ground of unilateral mistake or misrepresentation, and
I therefore do not think that these grounds are for SRA valid grounds for
resisting SSA’s claim for an indemnity. I do, however, hold that SSA cannot
rely on cl 10 to be indemnified of the loss it sustained as a result of paying
Pikasa to demolish the Club Range. This is because that loss was sustained as
a result of SSA’s breach of the Agreement. I turn now to explain my reasons in
order.

Unilateral mistake

98 To set the context, I begin by mentioning BG Lim’s testimony that the pre-
existing structures at Range X were constructed around 2002 or 2003. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Certified Transcript, 7 February 2018, p 152 at lines 9–10.

He was not contradicted by SRA in this regard. It is also not disputed that
the pre-existing structures had been constructed without regulatory approval.
SRA argues that at the time it entered into the Agreement, it was mistaken
that these structures at Range X had been built with approval. This mistake,
SRA says, renders the Agreement void, with the effect that cl 10 is not
binding on SRA. In my view, this argument is without merit because the mistake
in question was not fundamental to the Agreement, and because SSA did not know
that SRA made that mistake at the time the Agreement was entered into.

99 The law on setting aside a contract at common law on the ground of a
mistake on the part of one of the parties at the time the contract was entered
into, otherwise called a unilateral mistake, is well settled. First, the
claimant must have made a mistake in entering into the contract. Second, the
mistake must have been fundamental or must relate to an essential term of the
contract. Third, it must be shown that the other party had actual knowledge
that the claimant was labouring under that mistake at the time the parties
entered into the contract. In this regard, the court is entitled to find
actual knowledge where the non-mistaken party is shown to have been wilfully
blind to the mistaken party’s error. These propositions were elaborated in the
Court of Appeal’s decision in Chwee Kin Keong and others v Digilandmall.com
Pte Ltd [2005] 1 SLR(R) 502 at [34], [42]–[43] and [53] per Chao Hick Tin JA.

100 As regards the first requirement, I am satisfied that in entering the
contract, SRA was mistaken that the pre-existing structures at Range X had
been built with regulatory approval. I note that SSA alleges that it was SRA
who built those structures in the first place because SRA had charge of Range
X before it fell into disuse. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 29.

By this, SSA sought to imply that SRA, being the party responsible for the
construction of the original structures at Range X, must have known that the
structures had been erected without regulatory approval. While there is some
force to this submission, I find, for the reasons given in the next paragraph,
that at the time the Agreement was signed, SRA was not aware of this fact.

101 I accept the evidence of Mr Loo Woei Harng – who signed the Agreement on
SRA’s behalf – that at that time, he “believe[d] that the … structures were
erected with the approval of the relevant authorities”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Certified Transcript, 24 January 2018, p 117 at lines 2–6.

Mr Chung also testified to having held the same view then, 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Certified Transcript, 23 January 2018, p 16 at line 25 to p 17 at line 6.

and I accept his evidence. Even if the structures were originally built by
SRA, this would have been done more than a decade before the Agreement was
signed during which period there would have been significant changes in SRA’s
personnel. Hence, the management of SRA at the time the Agreement was signed
probably had no recollection or other information of what had occurred back
then. Moreover, as SRA submits, the fact that they held this mistaken belief
is supported by the fact that the pre-existing structures were large and
highly visible. SSA and Sport Singapore representatives walked the grounds of
the NSC on a regular basis, and no one ever said that the structures were
illegal. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 460.

So no reasonable suspicion to that effect was ever raised.

102 As regards the second requirement, I do not think that SRA’s mistake was a
fundamental mistake or a mistake that relates to an essential term of the
Agreement. What SSA promised SRA under the Agreement was that the latter would
be entitled to construct a range on a piece of land designated in the
Agreement, ie the land on which Range X stood. While the approval status of
the pre-existing structures on Range X could affect the specific steps which
SRA would take towards the construction of the Club Range, it would not have
affected SRA’s decision whether to enter into the Agreement to construct the
Club Range. Indeed, while Mr Chung stated that he was surprised when he first
discovered from BG Lim in June 2015 that the pre-existing structures may not
have been authorised, 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Conrad Chung Kong Wann’s AEIC at paras 520–521.

SRA did not from that moment attempt to extricate itself from the Agreement.
All it proceeded to do was to further its efforts to build the Club Range in
compliance with the regulatory requirements.

103 Finally, I also do not think that SSA had actual knowledge of SRA’s
mistake. SRA submits that the pre-existing structures were known by SSA to be
illegal, and that SSA was attempting to whitewash this lapse through the
regulatory approvals which SSA had expected SRA to obtain in the course of
constructing the Club Range. In my view, given the loose structure which
prevailed between SSA and member clubs at the time Range X was originally
constructed, it is unlikely that SSA would have knowledge of what was done in
relation to Range X at the time of its construction. BG Lim, who was the vice-
president of the SSA from about 2003 to 2013, 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Certified Transcript, 7 February 2018, p 145 at lines 7–8.

testified to this effect, and I have found no reason to doubt his evidence:
132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Certified Transcript, 7 February 2018, p 147 at lines 6–18.

Q Okay, Mr Lim, that means by your evidence you accept that SSA also has the
prerogative, right, SSA must know if you are handing over one structure from
SSA to SRA, SSA must know whether it’s handing a legal or illegal structure ot
SRA, agree?

A I would say – I would like to hazard the answer because – let me explain
that, your Honour.

Because at that time, the operation of the ranges were such that gun club [ie
SGC] did whatever it want with the gun club range and SRA did whatever it
want. So SSA actually had very little oversight. That I don’t think anybody in
SSA would know whether that was illegal or legal.

104 The evidence that SRA relies on to establish SSA’s actual knowledge of
SRA’s mistake is also unpersuasive. In this regard, SRA refers to Mr Vaz’s
statement during cross-examination that at the time the Agreement was signed,
he had assumed that SRA thought that the pre-existing structures had been
erected with regulatory approval. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 471.

SRA also refers to an email that Mr Vaz sent in January 2015 asking Mr Loo to
remove a roof that SRA had prematurely constructed over a shed at Range X, and
indicated that if that were done, the range’s gross floor area would remain
intact and SRA could begin using the Club Range while approvals for the shed
were being sought (thus implying that no further regulatory approvals were
required before the Club Range could be used). 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 474–477.

Contrary to SRA’s submissions, however, I do not think that this evidence
shows that SSA had known since the time the Agreement was signed that SRA was
mistaken about the approval status of the pre-existing structures. Rather, the
evidence is equally consistent with the view that, like SRA, SSA genuinely
assumed that the pre-existing structures had been erected with approval.

105 For these reasons, I do not think that the Agreement is void by reason of
a unilateral mistake on the part of SRA.

Misrepresentation

106 I turn next to SRA’s argument from misrepresentation, beginning with the
applicable principles. Once it is established that a contract has been induced
by a misrepresentation, whether innocent, negligent or fraudulent, the party
induced by the misrepresentation to enter into the contract may elect to
rescind or affirm it: see s 1 of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev
Ed). It is also clear that a misrepresentation which would justify rescission
of a contract may be used as a defence to an action brought by the representor
against the representee: Chitty on Contracts (Hugh Beale gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 32nd Ed, 2015) at para 7-117. To establish an actionable
misrepresentation, the claimant must show that (a) the defendant made a false
representation; and (b) the claimant was induced by that representation to
enter into the contract which he seeks to rescind.

107 Applied to the present case, these principles require SRA to show that (a)
SSA made a false representation that the pre-existing structures had been
built with regulatory approval; and (b) SRA was induced by that false
representation to enter into the Agreement. SRA argues that both elements are
made out and, for this reason, that it is entitled to rescind the Agreement.
And this right to rescind, SRA contends, would have afforded SRA a defence
against SSA’s claim under cl 10. I reject this argument because I am not
persuaded that SSA made the alleged misrepresentation.

108 SRA contends that before it entered into the Agreement, SSA made an
implied representation to SRA that the pre-existing structures on Range X had
been built with approval. SRA relies on three facts in support of this
contention: (a) the pre-existing structures looked like dilapidated structures
from a previously operational range; (b) SSA did not tell SRA that the pre-
existing structures needed regulatory approval; and (c) Mr Vaz told Mr Loo
that the range was “already physically there”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 496.

109 I reject this submission. The evidence referred to is nothing more than
evidence that the pre-existing structures existed – a fact that nobody ever
doubted. Nothing was said by SSA about its approval status at the time the
Agreement was entered into. That is not enough to constitute a
misrepresentation, not even an implied one. As the Court of Appeal held in
Broadley Construction Pte Ltd v Alacran Design Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 110
(“Broadley Construction”), the law is always cautious not to ascribe
significance to a party’s silence, which is “passive conduct” and “inherently
lack[s] the definitive quality of an active statement” and is therefore
“rarely considered sufficient to amount to a representation” (at [28] per
Steven Chong JA). Of course, silence can acquire positive content, but only
where there is a duty to speak on the part of the alleged representor, such
that his failure would speak would, in the circumstances, lead a reasonable
person to think that a certain representation has been made: Broadley
Construction at [28], citing the Court of Appeal’s decision in Audi
Construction Pte Ltd v Kian Hiap Construction Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 317 at [61]
per Steven Chong JA. But I do not see how a reasonable person would infer from
the mere existence of the pre-existing structures and from SSA’s silence that
SSA meant to convey positively that the structures had been erected with
approval. Equally plausible is the message that the structures are ripe for
replacement or that they are of no value to SSA. In the circumstances, SRA in
my judgment fails to satisfy the first requirement to establish a claim in
misrepresentation.

110 This being the case, it is not necessary for me to consider whether the
representation was made innocently, negligently or fraudulently, or whether it
induced SRA to enter into the Agreement. The conclusion is that I do not
accept that SRA would have been entitled to rescind the Agreement for
misrepresentation. Accordingly, SRA’s submission that it can raise
misrepresentation as a defence to SSA’s claim falls away.

Types of loss indemnifiable under cl 10

111 Having dealt with the submissions premised on SRA’s claim to be entitled
to set aside the Agreement, I turn to examine the submissions which were
premised on cl 10 being valid and binding on the parties. The first of these
submissions may be summarised as follows:

(a) An indemnity clause only applies to claims by a third party against the
indemnified party and not losses suffered by the indemnified party itself.

(b) Since SSA’s loss refers solely to the cost of demolition incurred by SSA,
it is merely a loss suffered by SSA itself, and thus outside the scope of cl
10.

(c) To the extent that SSA claims that the cost of demolition was incurred in
fulfilment of contractual obligations owed by SSA to Sport Singapore under to
cl 5.15 of the NSC sub-lease, this also falls outside the scope of cl 10 of
the Agreement as Sport Singapore had not made any claims against SSA for
breach of cl 5.15 of the sub-lease.

112 In support of the proposition at [111(a)] above, SRA cited BR Energy (M)
Sdn Bhd v KS Energy Services Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 1154 (“BR Energy”), where
Belinda Ang J found at [149] that the indemnity clause in that case only
applied to claims by third parties against the indemnified party. While I have
no doubt that indemnity clauses often cover only third party claims, I do not
think BR Energy laid down any general proposition that all indemnity clauses
would, as a rule, apply only to third party claims. Ultimately, the types of
loss covered by an indemnity clause must depend on the actual words used in
the clause, properly construed in context.

113 In the present case, cl 10 of the Agreement reads:

10\. INDEMNITY

The Club shall indemnify and keep indemnified the SSA from and against all
claims, demands, writs, summonses, actions, suits, proceedings, judgments,
orders, decrees, damages, penalties, costs (including repair costs to
reinstate the Club Range), losses and expenses of any nature whatsoever which
the SSA may suffer or incur for any death, injury, loss and/or damage caused
directly or indirectly by its activities, including the activities of its
members, employees, independent contractors, agents, invitees or other
permitted occupier at the Property, including all losses and expenses which
the SSA may incur arising from the Insurance Policy not being in force for any
reason, or if in force, if inadequate to cover all losses and expenses.

[emphasis added]

By contrast, the indemnity clause considered in BR Energy reads:

BRE shall indemnify [KSE] against all claims, proceedings, liabilities,
losses, damages, costs and expenses (including legal costs on a full indemnity
basis) arising in connection with the Charter Agreement and the Petronas
Contract and their respective performance.

114 It is not difficult to appreciate why Ang J held that the indemnity clause
in BR Energy applied only to third party claims. Apart from the term “losses”
which is equivocal, all the other terms used in the clause (ie “claims”,
“proceedings”, “liabilities”, “damages” and “costs and expenses (including
legal costs on a full indemnity basis)”) clearly connote third party claims.
In comparison, while cl 10 of the Agreement also contains terms referring to
third party claims (“claims, demands, writs, summonses, actions, suits,
proceedings, judgments, orders, decrees, damages, penalties”), there are terms
in cl 10 for which no equivalents could be found in the BR Energy clause, such
as “costs (including repair costs to reinstate the Club Range)” and “expenses
of any nature whatsoever which the SSA may suffer or incur” [emphasis added].

115 In my view, the phrase “the SSA may suffer or incur” clearly encompasses
losses suffered by SSA. Further, the reference to “costs (including repair
costs to reinstate the Club Range)”, while making clear that SSA could be
indemnified under cl 10 for repair costs it incurred independently of any
third party claims, also makes clear that the word “costs”, which was
partially defined by the phrase “including repair costs to reinstate the Club
Range”, is not limited to costs arising from third party claim. For these
reasons, I do not accept SRA’s submission that cl 10 applies only to claims by
third parties against SSA and not to losses suffered by SSA itself.

116 Having found that cl 10 covers losses suffered by SSA itself, there is no
need for me to go on to consider the final limb of SRA’s submission outlined
at [111(c)] above.

Breach of implied term

117 SRA’s final submission is along these lines:

(a) SSA is not entitled to claim an indemnity under cl 10 for a loss stemming
from SSA’s own breach of the Agreement.

(b) There is an implied term in the Agreement that SSA would use reasonable
efforts to allow and/or assist SRA to obtain the necessary regulatory
approval. Further or in the alternative, there is an implied term that SSA
would not demolish the structures erected by SRA pursuant to the Agreement
without first using reasonable efforts to allow and/or assist SRA to
regularise the structures.

(c) The demolition of the structures stemmed from SSA’s breach the said
implied term or terms.

The proposition at (a) above is uncontroversial and is not disputed by SSA.
Examples of local cases where this principle was applied include BR Energy at
[149] and Kay Lim Construction & Trading Pte Ltd v Soon Douglas (Pte) Ltd
[2013] 1 SLR 1 at [45] per Quentin Loh J. It is, in essence, an application of
the oft-cited canon of construction that a contract will be interpreted, so
far as possible, in such a manner as not to permit one party to take advantage
of his own wrong: see Kim Lewison, The Interpretation of Contracts (Sweet &
Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2015) at pp 404–408. Instead, the contest between the parties
is on the existence of the implied term contended for by SRA.

Implying the term

118 The implication of terms in a contract involves three steps, as laid down
by the Court of Appeal in Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd [2013] 4
SLR 193 (“Sembcorp Marine”) at [101] per Sundaresh Menon CJ. First, the court
must ascertain how the gap arises. Implication will be considered only if the
court discerns that the gap arose because the parties did not contemplate the
issue at all. Second, the court must consider whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term to give the contract efficacy.
Third, the court must consider the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded, “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at the
time of the contract. In my judgment, SRA satisfies this test in relation to
its submission that there is an implied term that SSA would use reasonable
efforts to assist SRA with obtaining planning and building approval for the
purpose of constructing the Club Range.

(1) First step: Determining how the gap arose

119 To apply the first step, it is first necessary to ascertain whether there
is a gap to be filled by the term sought to be implied. It can be inferred
from the term which SRA sought to imply that, at least on SRA’s case, the gap
to be filled is the absence of provisions in the Agreement concerning SSA’s
role in relation to the regulatory approval process for the Club Range.

120 It is undisputed that the Agreement is silent on SSA’s role and
responsibilities in relation to the regulatory approval process for the
construction of the Club Range. The closest that the Agreement comes to
dealing with the regulatory approval process is in cl 3.2, which provides
that:

[SRA] shall bear all costs, including inter alia, architect fees, BCA fess,
GFA levies, construction costs and all costs required to obtain approvals and
to meet the safety requirements of the SSA in relation to the construction of
the Club Range.

As is evident from the above quotation, cl 3.2 merely provides that SRA is to
bear all costs required to obtain relevant approvals. No provision is made on
which party is responsible for obtaining regulatory approvals. I therefore
accept that there is a gap in the Agreement concerning SRA’s and SSA’s
respective roles and responsibilities in relation to the regulatory approval
process.

121 The next question is whether the parties addressed themselves to this gap
when they entered into the Agreement. As explained in Sembcorp Marine at [94],
there are at least three ways in which a gap could arise:

(a) the parties did not contemplate the issue at all and so left a gap;

(b) the parties contemplated the issue but chose not to provide a term for it
because they mistakenly thought that the express terms of the contract had
adequately addressed it; or

(c) the parties contemplated the issue but chose not to provide any term for
it because they could not agree on a solution.

122 The Court of Appeal stated in Sembcorp Marine that only scenario (a)
amounts to a “true” gap, in that it is “the only instance where it would be
appropriate for the court to even consider if it will imply a term into the
parties’ contract” ([95]). In contrast, scenarios (b) and (c) are cases where
parties’ actual intentions can be ascertained, thus leaving no room for
implication of terms (at [95]–[96]). In the present case, there is no evidence
that either scenario (b) or scenario (c) applies. SSA gave the draft Agreement
to SRA on a Thursday or Friday afternoon for SRA to sign by Tuesday noon,
failing which SSA would offer the Agreement to other clubs. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Certified Transcript, 24 January 2018, p 119 at line 2 to p 120 at line 14.

There is no evidence that the parties negotiated over the text of the
Agreement, much less that they had contemplated the issue and decided not to
provide for it. Nor is there any evidence that, at the time the Agreement was
signed, the parties mistakenly believed that the issue had already been
provided for in the Agreement. In the absence of evidence that either scenario
(b) or (c) applies, I find that scenario (a) applies and that the present case
involves a “true” gap.

(2) Second step: Considering whether implication of a term is necessary to
give the contract efficacy

123 As there is a “true” gap arising from the absence of provisions in the
Agreement on SSA’s role in the approval procedure, the next step is to
consider whether it is necessary to imply a term to fill this gap in order to
give the contract efficacy. I begin by observing that the central purpose of
the Agreement is for the construction of the Club Range at the NSC. To the
extent that such construction involves regulatory approvals, the acquisition
of such approvals would be necessary for achieving the intended purpose of the
Agreement.

124 Next, it is undisputed that given SSA’s position both as lessee of the NSC
from Sport Singapore and as the NSA for the sport of shooting, it was not
possible for SRA to obtain regulatory approvals or even communicate with
authorities such as BCA or URA in relation to the Club Range without SSA’s
cooperation. In fact, SSA concedes in its closing submissions that SSA had to
act as a conduit between SRA on the one hand and Sport Singapore and the
regulatory authorities on the other hand. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 116.

The following exchange during the cross-examination of Mr Vaz is also
instructive: 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Certified Transcript, 26 January 2018, p 5 at line 25 to p 6 at line 22.

Q. I'm moving on to the next area. Your approval procedure that you have
articulated in your AEIC in evidence, it goes like this, doesn't it: SRA to
you, SSA; SSA to SportSG; SportSG to BCA and whichever other government
agency. Correct?

A. Correct.

Q. By that process, you accept that SRA would need your help in order to
submit any plans to the next level, which is SportSG and then BCA. Correct?

A. Correct.

Q. Because without your help intrinsic in that structure, SRA can never get
any approvals?

A. Correct.

Q. Likewise, if that is the upstream, the reverse must be true. In other
words, if submissions have been made to BCA, intrinsic in your structure of
approval is if BCA had any problems, they will need to communicate that to
SportSG. Correct?

A. Yes.

Q. SportSG will communicate that to you, SSA?

A. Yes.

Q. SSA will communicate that to SRA?

A. Yes.

…

Q. So your answer is SRA cannot even talk to SportSG without your permission?

A. Oh, let me make it a little clearer. They can talk, but they cannot get
clearances or approvals. They were in constant communication with Selvam.

Q. All right, so they can talk. Can SRA talk to SportSG on any issues relating
to the works at Range-X?

A. Yes. Yes.

Q. Can SportSG assist SRA and talk to SRA as well, if they needed any
assistance either way?

A. They can, but they need our clearance. You must understand, as an NSA --
Sport Singapore only deals with the NSA and nobody else. With the presence of
Mr Loo, who is NSA, the NSA facilities manager, SportSG was happy to talk to
whoever it was.

[emphasis added]

In the foregoing exchange, Mr Vaz agreed that, without SSA’s help, SRA could
never obtain any regulatory approvals. Mr Vaz also agreed that any problems
which BCA had with the Club Range would not come to SRA’s notice without SSA’s
help.

125 Since it is undisputed that SRA could obtain the relevant regulatory
approvals only with SSA’s cooperation, and that SSA had to play the role of
“middle-man” 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 312.

or “conduit” 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 116.

between SRA on the one hand and Sport Singapore and BCA on the other, I hold
that the gap concerning SSA’s role in the approval process is one that is
necessary to be filled in order to give the Agreement efficacy.

(3) Third step: Determining the specific term to be implied

126 Finally, I must determine the content of the term that ought to be
implied. The question is whether the term proposed would elicit a “Oh, of
course!” from the parties if it had been put to them by an officious bystander
at the time of the drafting the Agreement.

127 As outlined at [117(b)] above, SRA asks the court to imply two separate
terms – an implied term that SSA would use reasonable efforts to allow and/or
assist SRA to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for the construction
of the Club Range and an implied term that SSA would refrain from demolishing
the structures which SRA erected towards the construction of the Club Range
without first using reasonable efforts to allow and/or assist SRA to
regularise the structures.

128 In my view, SRA’s submission for the implication of two separate terms
concerning two different stages of the approval process unnecessarily
complicates the issues. I see the two implied terms proposed by SRA as two
sides of the same coin – they both relate to the need for SSA’s assistance to
obtain the necessary regulatory approvals at whatever stage it is sought. This
would include approvals before commencement of construction as well as
retrospective approvals during or after construction (such retrospective
approval would fall within the ambit of “regularisation” as that term was used
by parties during the trial and in their submissions). In this regard, I am of
the view that it is sufficient to imply a single term into the Agreement that
SSA would use reasonable efforts to assist SRA in obtaining any necessary
regulatory approval at any stage of the construction process.

129 SSA submits that its role in the approval procedure “was merely as a
conduit”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 116.

If by this is meant that SSA was responsible only for transmission of
documents and information up and down the chain without giving its own input
or being involved in discussions or meetings with Sport Singapore or the
regulatory authorities where needed, I think it would fail the officious
bystander test for setting too low a standard. In any event, even if SSA is
right that SSA’s obligation under the term to be implied is limited to that of
being a mere conduit of information, it will be apparent from the discussion
at [143] below that SSA had breached even this more limited obligation when it
failed to inform SRA that BCA had offered the option of regularisation.

130 In this regard, it is instructive that Mr Vaz himself thought that the
Agreement imposed certain obligations on SSA in relation to the approval
process. In an email to Sport Singapore dated 20 April 2015, about five months
after the Agreement was signed, Mr Vaz wrote: 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 1 at p 354.

Under the terms of the Proprietary Range Agreement, SRA needs to present all
plans to the SSA for approval by the SSA Council. Upon approval by the SSA
Council, SSA would seek SportsSG approval and proceed with the necessary
approvals to commence construction. [emphasis added]

131 Given the nature of the gap discussed at [124]–[125] above, the efficacy
in the performance of the contract that would be promoted by filling the gap,
as well as Mr Vaz’s acceptance that SRA could not obtain the necessary
regulatory approvals without SSA’s help, I am persuaded that, if parties were
asked at the time of the contract whether SSA was obliged to use reasonable
efforts to assist SRA in obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals, the
only answer they would have given was “Oh, of course!”.

(4) Relevance of the entire agreement clause

132 SSA submits that no terms should be implied because of cl 15 of the
Agreement, which reads:

15\. Entire Agreement

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with
respect to the matters dealt with in this Agreement and supersedes and cancels
in all respects all previous agreements and undertakings, if any, between the
Parties, whether written or oral. Each Party acknowledges that, in entering
into this Agreement, it does not do so on the basis of, and does not rely on,
any representation, warranty or other provision except as expressly provided
herein, and all conditions, warranties or other terms implied by statute or
common law are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.

[emphasis added]

133 The effect of an entire agreement clause on the implication of terms was
considered by the Court of Appeal in Ng Giap Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 518 (“Ng Giap Hon”). The entire agreement clause in Ng Giap
Hon (cl 18), as reproduced at [29] of the judgment, reads:

Entire Understanding

This Agreement embodies the entire understanding of the parties and there are
no provisions, terms, conditions or obligations, oral or written, expressed or
implied, other than those contained herein. All obligations of the parties to
each other under previous agreements ([if] any) are hereby released, but
without prejudice to any rights which have already accrued to either party.
[emphasis added]

134  Despite the clause expressly stating that “there are no … terms …,
expressed or implied, other than those contained herein”, the Court of Appeal
in Ng Giap Hon held that the entire agreement clause did not preclude the
implication of terms into the agreement. The Court of Appeal’s reasoning is
captured at [30] of the judgment, which reads (per Andrew Phang Boon Leong
JA):

We find the appellant’s argument to the effect that cl 18 itself contemplates
the existence of implied terms persuasive. Indeed, that clause refers
expressly to implied terms, as the italicised words in the clause (as
reproduced in the preceding paragraph) clearly demonstrate. This is, in fact,
sufficient to dispose of the First Main Issue [whether the entire agreement
clause in cl 18 of the Agency Agreement precludes the implication of terms
into that agreement] in the present appeal.

[emphasis in original]

135 It would appear from the foregoing passage that the Court of Appeal read
the phrase “expressed or implied, other than those contained herein” to be an
acknowledgment that there existed implied terms which were “contained herein”.
In other words, the Court of Appeal in Ng Giap Hon appeared to have accepted
that certain implied terms could be regarded as terms “contained” within the
agreement, with the result that such implied terms would not be caught by a
clause seeking to excluding matters not contained within the agreement.

136 The Court of Appeal then went on to make the following observations (at
[31]–[32]):

However, we would also pause to observe that, even if there is no reference to
implied terms in an entire agreement clause, it is arguable that the presence
of such a clause in a contract would not, as a matter of general principle,
exclude the implication of terms into that contract for several reasons.
First, an implied term, by its very nature (as an implied term), would not, ex
hypothesi, have been in the contemplation of the contracting parties to begin
with when they entered into the contract. Secondly, if a term were implied on,
so to speak, a “broader” basis “in law” (as opposed to on a “narrower” basis
“in fact”), it would follow, a fortiori, that such a term would not have been
in the contemplation of the parties for, as we shall see below (at [38]), a
term which is implied “in law” (unlike a term which is implied “in fact”) is
not premised on the presumed intention of the contracting parties as such.
Thirdly, it is clearly established law that a term cannot be implied if it is
inconsistent with an express term of the contract concerned. This principle
is, of course, both logical as well as commonsensical. Finally, as pointed out
by Nigel Teare QC (sitting as a deputy judge of the English High Court) in
Exxonmobil Sales and Supply Corp v Texaco Ltd [2004] 1 All ER (Comm) 435 at
[27]:

It [is] … arguable that where it is necessary to imply a term in order to make
the express terms work such an implied term may not be excluded by [an] entire
agreement clause because it could be said that such a term is to be found in
the document or documents forming part of the contract. [emphasis added]

That having been said, we are not prepared to state that an entire agreement
clause can never exclude the implication of terms into a contract. However,
for an entire agreement clause to have this effect, it would need to express
such effect in clear and unambiguous language. Further, if the effect of the
language used renders the entire agreement clause, in substance, an exception
clause, the clause would be subject to both the relevant common law
constraints on exclusion clauses as well as the UCTA (reference may also be
made to Elisabeth Peden & J W Carter, “Entire Agreement – and Similar –
Clauses” (2006) 22 JCL 1 at 8–9; cf (not surprisingly, perhaps) a similar
approach towards the utilisation of the factual matrix of a contract as an
interpretative tool where the contract contains an entire agreement clause
(see [27] above)). However, this was clearly not the situation in the present
appeal.

[emphasis in original]

137 Two comments may be made about this passage. First, the Court of Appeal
observed that, for an entire agreement clause to preclude the implication of
terms, it must express such effect in clear and unambiguous language.
Secondly, the Court of Appeal’s citation of the English High Court’s decision
in Exxonmobil Sales and Supply Corp v Texaco Ltd [2004] 1 All ER (Comm) 435
(“Exxonmobil”) is further indication of the Court of Appeal’s acceptance of
the notion that certain implied terms should be regarded as terms found in the
contract.

138 Deputy Judge Nigel Teare QC’s opinion at [27] of Exxonmobil, which was
quoted only in part in Ng Giap Hon at [31], sheds light on this second point.
It reads:

The entire agreement clause was also relied upon by Exxonmobil in seeking to
defeat the argument that a term should be implied based upon business
efficacy. I have not, on that account, rejected Texaco’s argument that a term
should be implied on the grounds of business efficacy. It seems to me arguable
that where it is necessary to imply a term in order to make the express terms
work such an implied term may not be excluded by the entire agreement clause
because it could be said that such a term is to be found in the document or
documents forming part of the contract. The same cannot be said of an implied
term based upon usage or custom.

[emphasis added]

139 In this passage, the learned Deputy Judge draws a distinction between
terms implied based on business efficacy, which are regarded as intrinsic to
the agreement, and terms implied based on usage or custom which are extrinsic
to the agreement. This distinction between intrinsic implied terms and
extrinsic implied terms was also recognised subsequently in the English Court
of Appeal’s decision in Axa Sun Life Services Plc v Campbell Martin Ltd [2011]
2 Lloyd’s Rep 1, where the court noted at [41]–[42] per Stanley Burton LJ
that:

None of the orders specifies the basis for the implication of the terms
alleged by the defendants. It is apparent, however, that the defendants allege
that they are to be implied in order to give business efficacy to the
agreements. In other words, the implied terms are said to be intrinsic to the
agreements, and true implications. In my judgment, such terms, if otherwise to
be implied, are not excluded by clause 24. As intrinsic provisions of the
agreement, they are within the expression “This Agreement and the Schedules
and documents referred to herein” in the first sentence, and they are not
“prior” to the agreement, and therefore are unaffected by the second sentence.
The agreement might have included, but does not include, an express specific
exclusion of such implied terms.

On the other hand, terms that might be implied as a result of matters
extrinsic to the written agreements would, in my view, be excluded by clause
24.

[emphasis added]

140 The following principles may be derived from the foregoing cases:

(a) Terms implied in order to give business efficacy to an agreement are
intrinsic to the agreement.

(b) They would therefore not be precluded by an entire agreement clause which
merely excludes matters extrinsic to the written agreement.

(c) Nevertheless, since the effect of an entire agreement clause ultimately
turns on the proper construction of the actual words used in the clause, it
may still be possible for intrinsic implied terms to be excluded if there are
clear and unambiguous words which expressly and specifically exclude such
implied terms.

141 Here, as the term sought to be implied is based on business efficacy, it
is intrinsic to the Agreement and not within the categories of implied terms
which would be precluded by an entire agreement clause (in the absence of
clear and unambiguous words to the contrary). As for the presence in cl 15 of
the phrase “all conditions, warranties or other terms implied by statute or by
common law are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law”, the
phrase could be read to refer only to terms implied in law, to the exclusion
of terms implied in fact. (Terms implied in fact would include terms implied
based on business efficacy.) While I appreciate that in some contract law
textbooks, the phrase “terms implied at common law” is used to refer to both
terms implied in fact and terms implied in law, this manner of classification
is by no means universally adopted. In the circumstances, it cannot be said
that the phrase “terms implied by statute or by common law” clearly and
unambiguously refers to terms implied based on business efficacy as a specific
category of terms to be excluded. It is therefore my conclusion that the term
sought to be implied in the present case is not precluded by cl 15.

Whether SSA breached the implied term

142 SRA submits that SSA breached the implied term or terms when:

(a) SSA failed to inform SRA that the plans submitted by SRA to SSA were not
in the right format for seeking regulatory approvals or that SRA required
further approvals;

(b) SSA reported to Sport Singapore and BCA surreptitiously that SRA had
constructed “illegal structures”, without SRA’s knowledge;

(c) after SSA received the demolition order from BCA together with the
regularisation letter, SSA unilaterally withheld the regularisation letter and
the option of regularisation from SRA;

(d) SSA presented a false state of affairs to SRA which impeded SRA’s
regularisation efforts;

(e) SSA engaged in deliberately obstructive conduct in refusing to collaborate
with SRA’s effort in engaging BCA on the regularisation process; and

(f) SSA unilaterally sought demolition of the Club Range when there were no
immediate safety concerns.

143 In my judgment, the operative breaches for present purposes comprise items
(c) to (e) above. In relation to item (c), it is common ground between SRA and
SSA that, at the minimum, SSA had to act as a conduit of communication between
SRA on the one hand and Sport Singapore and BCA on the other hand. SSA’s
failure to communicate the regularisation letter and the option of
regularisation to SRA is therefore a clear breach of the implied term.

144 In relation to item (d), Mr Vaz said, at the SSA council meeting held on
14 November 2015, that “the window of opportunity to regularise the Range had
closed as BCA had issued the Demolition Order”. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 2, p 655 at para 47.

This statement is clearly untrue as BCA, through the issuance of the
regularisation letter, kept the window for regularisation open. Further, when
SRA’s representative at the meeting asked if there was a complaint about the
Club Range which led to BCA’s demolition order, Mr Vaz did not admit to having
made any complaints to BCA. Instead, he deceitfully suggested that: 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 2, p 656 at para 49.

… after a series of poison letters to various organisations and authorities
including MCCY, Sport SG, NEA, PUB, CPIB etc. from anonymous authors, many
people had visited NSC for inspection and could have picked up the issues
surrounding the Range.

These lies on the part of Mr Vaz are inconsistent with SSA’s obligation to
assist SRA. On the contrary, Mr Vaz’s misrepresentation of the situation
impeded SRA’s ability and effort to seek regularisation by causing SRA,
firstly, not to understand that BCA was open to regularisation and, secondly,
not to appreciate the nature of the complaints and concerns which led to BCA’s
demolition order.

145 In relation to item (e), after SRA found out from BCA that regularisation
of the structures was possible, SSA deliberately obstructed SRA’s efforts to
seek regularisation. By 27 November 2015, BCA was willing to provide guidance
on the regularisation process and offered to host a meeting with SRA and SSA.
145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 2 at p 978.

Instead of cooperating with SRA and BCA towards regularisation, SSA flatly
refused to attend the meeting, thereby cutting off SRA’s hope of regularising
the Club Range and salvaging the more than $300,000 of members’ moneys
invested by SRA in constructing the Club Range. Mr Vaz sought to explain
during trial that he did this to protect Sport Singapore from possible
prosecution by BCA.

146 This explanation is illogical. As it was BCA who first offered the option
of regularisation by issuing the regularisation letter and subsequently
offered to host discussions on regularisation, it is inconceivable that SSA’s
participation in such discussions with BCA, at BCA’s invitation, could somehow
put Sport Singapore in jeopardy of prosecution by BCA. In the end, Mr Vaz
conceded during cross-examination that the decision not to collaborate with
SRA and BCA on regularisation was taken solely by SSA, and without any order
from or consultation with Sport Singapore.

147 In conclusion, SSA was obliged to take reasonable efforts to assist SRA in
obtaining building approval from BCA. These efforts include informing SRA of
the regularisation option offered by BCA and assisting SRA with its
communications and engagements with BCA towards regularisation. SSA did
exactly the opposite. In doing so, it breached an implied term under the
Agreement. The effect of SSA’s breach was to render the demolition the Club
Range the only possible outcome. In the circumstances, it is clear that the
cost of the demolition stems from SSA’s breach of the implied term. I
therefore hold that SSA cannot rely on cl 10 to claim an indemnity for that
cost. For this reason, I dismiss SSA’s counterclaim.

An alternative analysis

148 I should also mention that even if SRA did not rely on the argument that
SSA breached an implied term of the Agreement, there would still be sufficient
basis to dismiss SSA’s counterclaim on the ground that SSA’s unilateral
decision to demolish the structures broke the chain of causation between SRA’s
actions and the cost incurred for demolishing the structures, thereby bringing
such costs outside the scope of cl 10. As this was not a point on which the
parties submitted, I will only deal with it briefly for completeness.

149 As noted at [113] above, cl 10 requires SRA to indemnify SSA for “losses
and expenses of any nature whatsoever which the SSA may suffer or incur for
any death, injury, loss and/or damage caused directly or indirectly by its
activities, including the activities of its members, employees, independent
contractors, agents, invitees or other permitted occupier at the Property”
(emphasis added). I consider that SSA’s loss was not “caused directly or
indirectly” by SRA’s building of the Club Range within the meaning of cl 10 of
the Agreement. The evidence is clear that demolition of the Club Range was
never a forgone conclusion for anyone other than Mr Vaz. It will be recalled
that on 6 November 2015, BCA wrote to Sport Singapore and asked it either to
tear down the Club Range or to take steps to regularise it. BCA left the
choice to Sport Singapore and did not require Sport Singapore to prefer
demolition over regularisation. Sport Singapore communicated those two options
to SSA, and similarly did not require SSA to prefer demolition over
regularisation. It was Mr Vaz who, within a day of receiving that information,
promptly and unilaterally decided on 11 November 2015 that SSA would choose
the option of demolishing the Club Range. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 2 at p 586.

150 Also significant is the fact that BCA itself displayed no urgency about
having the Club Range demolished. Indeed, BCA was of the view that the Club
Range posed no immediate danger. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Lu Ji Ju’s AEIC at para 18.

BCA was ready to talk, and SRA was prepared to take steps to regularise. Thus,
not only did BCA offer the option of regularisation, as of 27 November 2015,
which was after the deadline of 20 November 2015 for responding to the
regularisation letter, BCA was still initiating a meeting with SSA and SRA so
that the parties could discuss the matter. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 2 at p 978.

But SSA declined to attend. And as SRA correctly highlights, there is no
evidence that Sport Singapore told SSA to proceed directly with demolishing
the Club Range and not attend the meeting. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 410.

151 Mr Vaz’s other reasons for unilaterally deciding to demolish the Club
Range are also unsustainable. First, he relied on the fact that the demolition
order was stated to require strict compliance, 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Certified Transcript, 26 January 2018, p 139 at lines 3–4.

but this simply ignores the context of the accompanying regularisation letter.
Second, Mr Vaz claimed that as SRA, for much of 2015, had not been forthcoming
with documents necessary for regulatory approvals, there was no reason to
believe that SRA could meet BCA’s 20 November 2015 deadline for
regularisation. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Agreed Bundle Vol 2 at p 586.

SRA’s response to this claim is that SSA never made it clear to SRA that the
documents it had submitted to SSA were inadequate for the purpose of obtaining
regulatory approval. While I accept that SRA may have been dilatory in its
approach towards obtaining regulatory approval, there is no evidence that SRA
was unwilling to cooperate to obtain such approval at what SRA believed
(rightly or wrongly) was the appropriate time. The persons involved in the
project on SRA’s side are professionals in the construction industry who are
familiar with the planning and building approval process, and it is clear from
the correspondence that they were working towards obtaining the relevant
approvals. Consequently, there was no basis for Mr Vaz’s supposition that SRA
would be dilatory in responding to the regularisation letter accompanying the
demolition order. Had SRA been informed of the regularisation letter, it would
have known that acting promptly pursuant to the regularisation letter would be
the way to avoid the $300,000 of members’ money poured into the construction
of the Club Range going to waste. Unfortunately, SSA deprived SRA of this
opportunity.

152 The truth is that Mr Vaz jumped the gun. He was unhappy that SRA did not
do things in exactly the way he wanted. It is also relevant that, at about
this time, there were brewing disputes between SSA and SRA on other fronts,
including the implementation of further security measures for the armouries.
As I have mentioned, SSA blew the whistle on SRA by writing secretly to BCA to
complain of the structures. Unhappy with BCA’s lack of response, Mr Vaz wrote
personally to ask BCA urgently to order the demolition of the new structures
built by SRA. Mr Vaz used the phrase “illegal structures” to describe these
structures when there appeared to be no solid ground at that time for Mr Vaz
to conclude that the structures were illegal: see [13] above. When BCA acted,
and SRA asked who could have alerted BCA, Mr Vaz did not claim responsibility.
Instead, he deceitfully claimed that anyone could have written the letter,
thus hiding his role from SRA. Mr Vaz also hid the regularisation letter from
SRA, showing it only the demolition order.

153 It was Mr Vaz’s course of conduct, and those in the SSA council who
supported it, that were the cause of the cost SSA incurred in demolishing the
Club Range. SRA’s building of the Club Range was at most a “but for” cause, in
the sense that it merely provided the occasion for that cost to be incurred.
It was not an effective or proximate cause of that cost, and thus not a cause
coming within the ambit of cl 10. Even if SRA’s building of the Club Range had
been a cause of the incurring of that cost, SSA broke the chain of causation
through Mr Vaz’s orchestration of the events described at [149]–[153] above.
Had SSA not written secretly to BCA, there would very likely not have been a
demolition order, and SRA would very likely have succeeded in obtaining the
regulatory approvals it planned to obtain at the time it planned to obtain
them. Further, had SSA not hidden BCA’s regularisation letter from SRA and not
deliberately obstruct SRA’s efforts at regularisation, SRA would very likely
have succeeded in obtaining regularisation since it was BCA’s opinion that the
structures posed no danger.

154 In conclusion, even when the facts are analysed purely in terms of
causation, without taking into account possible implied terms, it is clear
that the cost of demolition was not caused by SRA’s activities but by SSA’s
actions. SSA’s attempt to rely on cl 10 to claim the cost of demolition from
SRA must therefore fail.

155 There is one other question I should address before concluding the
discussion on causation: Does the fact that the same legal conclusion on SSA’s
counterclaim could be reached by a causation analysis without reliance on
implied terms mean that the implied term which I have found at [127] above is
not “necessary” for the purpose of giving business efficacy to the Agreement?
The answer, in my view, is “no”, as the business efficacy test asks whether it
is necessary to imply a term to give business efficacy to the operation of a
contract as a whole, and not whether it is necessary to imply a term to allow
or defeat a specific legal claim arising from a particular set of facts. In
any event, the two analyses do not lead to identical legal results. While both
the implied term analysis and the causation analysis would afford SRA a
defence against SSA’s claim, the implied term analysis would, in addition,
afford SRA a claim against SSA for breach of contract.

Conclusion

156 For all the reasons above, I accept SRA’s claim and reject SSA’s
counterclaim. I therefore make the following declarations:

(a) The circular resolution suspending SRA’s privileges at the NSC is null and
void.

(b) SSA has no power to suspend the rights of its members save as expressly
provided for in SSA’s constitution.

(c) Unless and until SSA’s constitution is amended to provide otherwise, the
SSA council does not have the power to make decisions by circular resolution.

157 I make no order on SRA’s application for declarations that SSA has no
right to seek armoury licences and no right to regulate the usage or mode of
the storage of firearms. SSA purports to exercise such rights through various
terms in the circular resolution. SRA therefore claims that SSA does not have
any such rights, and that is yet another reason why the circular resolution is
void. It is not necessary for me to decide this issue given my conclusion on
the resolution’s validity. In any event, I do not think that it properly
arises in this case because apart from SSA’s power to suspend a member, SSA’s
other powers are not genuinely in issue in this case.

158 Finally, I also order that:

(a) Mr Vaz, Mr Yap and Mr Chen are to pay SRA damages in the amount equivalent
to the legal fees and disbursements incurred by SRA in investigating and
responding to the conspiracy, such fees and disbursements to be taxed if not
agreed.

(b) SSA’s counterclaim is dismissed.

Pang Khang Chau  
Judicial Commissioner

Wong Hin Pkin Wendell, Teo Ying Ying Denise and Tan Si Ying Evelyn (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Lee Hwee Khiam Anthony and Huineng Clement Chen (Bih Li & Lee LLP) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

