Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 183

Suit No 705 of 2017

Between

Pradeepto Kumar Biswas

… Plaintiff

And

East India Capital Management Pte Ltd

… Defendant

AND

Between

East India Capital Management Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff-in-Counterclaim

And

1\. Pradeepto Kumar Biswas

2\. Indian Ocean Group Pte Ltd

… Defendants-in-Counterclaim

judgment

  
[Employment Law] — [Contract of service]  
[Tort] — [Misrepresentation]  
]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pradeepto Kumar Biswas

  

v

  

East India Capital Management Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 183

High Court — Suit No 705 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
23–24 April 2019; 31 May 2019

8 August 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff, Pradeepto Kumar Biswas (“Pradeepto”), is the sole director
and also shareholder of the second defendant-in-counterclaim, Indian Ocean
Group Pte Ltd (“IOG”). IOG is in the business of hotel and resort development
services, and wholesale trade import and export. The defendant, East India
Capital Management Pte Ltd (“EICM”), was incorporated in Singapore on 10
October 2016. EICM provides investment advisory services and is a registered
fund management company.

2 Pradeepto claims that he was an employee of EICM from 15 October 2015
onwards but EICM claims that Pradeepto joined as a “partner” and shareholder
of EICM, never an employee. The undisputed facts are as follows.

3 Pradeepto and one Simon John Hopkins (“Hopkins”) discussed the formation of
EICM and its wealth and fund management business. The discussions started in
July 2015 and ran through to August. On 25 August 2015 Hopkins sent an email
to Gary Thornton, the finance manager of EICM, who subsequently wrote to
Pradeepto on 21 October 2015, where it was agreed that Pradeepto would be paid
a “notional” monthly salary of $20,000 when EICM became profitable. A
shareholders’ agreement was signed on 17 August 2015 by Hopkins and other
shareholders. Pradeepto commenced work with EICM on 15 October 2015.

4 IOG purchased 24% shares in EICM from Hopkins on 12 November 2015 on terms
that it would be bound by the shareholders’ agreement. Pradeepto subsequently
agreed in April 2017 to have his salary reduced to $10,000 to ease EICM’s cash
flow problems.

5 On 18 June 2017, EICM terminated Pradeepto’s engagement with the company on
the ground of misconduct involving Mulgeo Product India Pty Ltd (“Mulgeo”)
which was a client of EICM. Pradeepto commenced this action in Suit 705 of
2017 against EICM for unpaid salary amounting to $351,312.64. EICM
counterclaimed against Pradeepto for misrepresentation and breach of fiduciary
duties.

6 In the counterclaim, EICM alleges that Pradeepto falsely represented that he
would transfer US$100m of assets that he was managing under Deer Creek Pte Ltd
(“Deer Creek”) to EICM; and secondly, that he was earning an annual income of
S$450,000 as the managing director of Deer Creek.

7 EICM’s claim against Pradeepto for breach of fiduciary duty arose from an
alleged misuse of confidential information belonging to EICM, and the wrongful
diversion of business from EICM to Pradeepto himself and his companies.

8 Mr Kelvin Lee, instructed counsel for Pradeepto, submitted that there was no
written employment contract and Pradeepto was not concerned with the
management of EICM. His only job was to introduce potential clients to EICM.
He submitted that although Pradeepto was referred to as a “partner”, it was
only a term of designation and Pradeepto was not truly a partner, and that the
fact that he had no access to the company’s accounts supported this. He
submitted that EICM’s accounts for the year ending 31 March 2017 shows that
EICM had made a profit, and Pradeepto was therefore entitled to the accrued
salary claimed.

9 Mr Anand, counsel for EICM, submitted that Pradeepto referred to himself as
“partner”, as can be seen in the email correspondence. Further evidence can be
seen in the WhatsApp text message of 4 September 2016. Even Pradeepto’s
solicitors referred to him as having joined EICM as a partner (in their letter
of 25 July 2017). There is no employment contract regarding any employment of
Pradeepto by EICM. Mr Anand submitted that, as a shareholder, Pradeepto is
only entitled to the profits of EICM, if any, and as it turned out, EICM
suffered losses throughout the years.

10 On record, the shareholder of EICM was IOG, not Pradeepto, but the direct
issue is whether Pradeepto was an employee of EICM. The legal arrangements
were loose, but it appears from the evidence that Pradeepto, who had direct
control of IOG, got IOG into EICM as a shareholder. In return, Pradeepto
himself was to be employed to find business for EICM. It was under this
employment that he was to be paid a “notional” $20,000 a month, subsequently
adjusted downwards by mutual consent in April 2017 to $10,000 a month. The
word “notional” was not defined or explained contemporaneously. Mr Anand now
argues that it must mean that it was not a real salary. If counsel is right,
then the payment of Pradeepto’s employee CPF by EICM is inexplicable. I am of
the view that “notional” means “unpaid” because of the undisputed agreement to
defer actual payment.

11 It is incontrovertible that EICM paid the employer’s CPF contribution into
Pradeepto’s CPF account even though the salary itself was deferred.
Furthermore, on 18 June 2017, Hopkin wrote to Pradeepto expressly telling him
that EICM was terminating his employment with the company. Emails to other
clients of EICM such as Amardeep Singh and Abishek Gupta also used the words
“terminated Pradeepto’s employment”. In its correspondence with the Monetary
Authority of Singapore, Hopkins also stated that Pradeepto was “employed by
EICM as an introducer of clients”.

12 The question remains — is Pradeepto entitled to his differed salary? The
agreement between Pradeepto and EICM was that he would defer his salary until
EICM was profitable. This is not a clear agreement because it does not tell us
what happens if Pradeepto was terminated before EICM became profitable, which
is the case now. Clearly this right would not survive the termination of the
contract and it would be impractical for Pradeepto or EICM to wait for EICM to
turn profitable after he had left the company. The only reasonable
interpretation of this term is that the deferred salary becomes payable when
the company becomes profitable or when the contract of employment is
terminated, whichever is sooner.

13 I am satisfied from the accounting record that EICM made a net loss of
US$12,794.86, US$45,946 and US$219,044 for the years 2015, 2016 and 2018
respectively. The company made a profit of US$2,967 in 2017. On the whole, it
cannot be said that EICM was profitable, but since Pradeepto’s employment had
been terminated, his deferred salary of $351,312.64 becomes due and payable,
and I so hold.

14 With regard to the claim that it was induced into the arrangement with IOG
and Pradeepto, EICM relies on two specific representations. First, Pradeepto
represented that he was earning S$450,000 a year at Deer Creek. Counsel for
EICM, Mr Anand, submits that this representation was false. The tax returns of
Pradeepto shows that his earnings were indeed S$450,000 although not all of it
was from Deer Creek. I am not convinced that any discrepancy would have
influenced EICM. There was insufficient evidence to indicate that EICM was
relying on this representation to enter into the agreement with IOG and
Pradeepto.

15 Second, it was probably bravado for Pradeepto to claim that he could bring
in US$100m worth of investments into EICM. By 4 September 2015 it was clear to
EICM that this was not going to happen. The written correspondence indicated
that both sides knew that this would not be achieved. An attempt to get
Pradeepto to sign an indemnity against losses from the US$100m not
materialising did not succeed. Yet EICM agreed to let Pradeepto commence work
on 15 October 2015. I am of the view that EICM did not agree to contract with
IOG and Pradeepto on the alleged misrepresentations.

16 EICM also counterclaims against Pradeepto for breaching his fiduciary
duties by misusing confidential information in order to enrich himself. The
eight instances cited by EICM are —

(a) diverting revenue due to EICM to SAHT Limited, a company controlled by
Pradeepto, from Mahamaya Infrastructure Pte Ltd (“MIPL”);

(b) diverting revenue from EON Resorts Group (“ERG”) to IOG regarding an
acquisition of shares in Vangaru Island Resort in the Maldives;

(c) diverting S$262,657.92 from Anilana Hotels & Properties (“Anilana”) to IOG
and a company called “East India Capital Holdings Pte Ltd” to mislead third
parties into thinking that they were dealing with EICM;

(d) providing services to the Kalyan Group on behalf of EICM and then billing
them through IOG and Trade Finance Corporation (“TFC”);

(e) wrongfully causing a refund of a non-refundable advisory fee of US$10,000
to International Drilling Exploration Supply and Services (“Indodrill”);

(f) causing JED Trade to terminate its contract with EICM;

(g) diverting revenue of US$10,000 from a company related to one Mr Subranshu,
an associate of Hopkins, to IOG; and

(h) diverting revenue from Mackwoods to IOG.

There is a claim for diverting money from Story-I Pte Ltd but this claim was
not pleaded.

17 EICM further claimed that Pradeepto breached his fiduciary duties in
failing to act in the best interests of EICM and listed five instances as
particulars of this breach.

18 In all the above, EICM’s claims were not supported by evidence, some of
which would have been fundamental. There were no details of the work that
Pradeepto or his companies did or the profit they received in respect of MIPL,
ERG, Anilana or Mackwoods. There is no evidence that Pradeepto caused JED
Trade to terminate its contract with EICM, except for the timing of the
termination. As for Indodrill, Hopkins accepted the reason for the refund, and
there is no evidence that Pradeepto profited from it.

19 So far as payments were concerned, none of them appear to have been wrongly
paid to Pradeepto. Although the Kalyan Group paid TFC, Hopkins accepted that
TFC was not related to Pradeepto. The invoice issued by IOG was never paid,
and in any event, Pradeepto says that was for work prior to his employment
with EICM. The US$10,000 paid by Subranshu’s company was, according to
Subranshu himself, for “different purposes”, and EICM could not identify what
work it had done for that company. It was peculiar that EICM could not even
identify who its client was. As for EICM’s claim to a 2% commission for one Mr
Kumar’s investment into Mulgeo, it transpired that that transaction had been
completed before EICM worked on the project or reached the fee arrangement.
EICM was therefore not entitled to any commission from that investment.

20 Although under Mr Anand’s cross-examination, Pradeepto seemed evasive and
not fully reliable, EICM’s claim based on Pradeepto’s failure to act in its
interests was largely vague and unsupported by evidence; nor was it clear as
to what losses EICM suffered. Finally, in respect of the alleged failure to
secure investments in three funds for EICM, that is surely a misconceived
claim. The failure to secure business is just a failure; it does not become a
failure to act in the company’s interest without particulars — and there are
none.

21 For the reasons above, the plaintiff’s claim for deferred salary is
allowed. I will hear the question of interests and costs at a later date.
EICM’s counterclaim is dismissed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Kelvin Lee Ming Hui, Samantha Ong Xin Ying (instructed counsel) (WNLEX LLC)
and Sankar s/o Kailasa Thevar Saminathan (Sterling Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff and defendants-in-counterclaim;  
Christopher Anand s/o Daniel, Ganga d/o Avadiar, Eileen Yeo Yi Ling and J
Jayaletchmi (Advocatus Law LLP) for the defendant and plaintiff-in-
counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

