Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 144

Suit No 601 of 2016

Between

| Red Star Marine Consultants Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

1.| The Personal Representatives of the Estate of Satwant Kaur d/o Sardara
Singh (deceased)  
---|---  
2.| Manjit Kaur d/o Sardara Singh  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Equity] — [Fraud]

[Trusts] — [Recipient liability]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Red Star Marine Consultants Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Personal Representatives of the Estate of Satwant Kaur d/o Sardara Singh,
deceased and another

[2019] SGHC 144

High Court — Suit No 601 of 2016  
Woo Bih Li J  
15–18, 22–25, 29 January 2019; 31 January 2019

4 June 2019

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Red Star Marine Consultants Pte Ltd, commenced Suit No 601 of
2016 on 8 June 2016 against the first defendant (“D1”), the personal
representatives of the estate of Satwant Kaur d/o Sardara Singh (“the
Deceased”), for the alleged fraud of the Deceased, who was its employee
between 2001 and 2012. The claim amount was originally S$1,741,812.03 but this
was later reduced to S$1,633,875.20. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of claim (amendment no 1) at para 28(A)–(D), NE 31 Jan 19, p 58 at
lines 10–16.

The personal representative of the Deceased’s estate is the executor, Mr
Sarjit Singh s/o Sardara Singh (“Sarjit”), who is the Deceased’s brother.

2 Some ten months later on 29 May 2017, the second defendant (“D2”), who was a
sister of the Deceased, was added to the present proceedings. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

See writ of summons dated 29 May 2017.

The plaintiff eventually claimed the same amount of S$1,633,875.20 against D2
on the grounds of knowing receipt.

3 At the conclusion of the trial on 31 January 2019, I delivered an ex tempore
judgment dismissing the plaintiff’s claims against both D1 and D2. The
plaintiff has filed an appeal to the Court of Appeal and I now set out below
the written grounds of my decision.

Background to the dispute

4 I first set out the background to the dispute.

5 The plaintiff is a company engaged in the business of marine consultancy.
Dhanvinder Singh s/o Karam Singh (“DS”) and his wife, Ms Rappa Kathelene
Wilhemina (“Kathelene”), are the two directors and shareholders of the
plaintiff. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 15 Jan 19, p 21 at lines 5–7.

DS is the managing director of the plaintiff. At the material time, Kathelene
did not work at the plaintiff’s office and went there only occasionally when
called upon by DS. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE 15 Jan 19, p 22 at lines 23–26, p 25 at lines 28–32.

6 The plaintiff’s main business is ship inspection, which is conducted for
clients by third party service providers (“vendors”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE 16 Jan 19, p 110 at lines 13–21.

These vendors invoice the plaintiff for conducting ship inspections and their
charges are recorded in the plaintiff’s accounts as “Survey Charges”.

7 The Deceased was employed by the plaintiff from 2001 to 2012 as the personal
secretary to DS. At all material times, she and DS were the only two employees
of the plaintiff. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

DS’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) at para 15 read with NE 16 Jan
19, p 64 at lines 5–13.

8 Between 2006 and 2012, the Deceased obtained a sum of S$1,633,875.20 from
the plaintiff. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE 31 Jan 19, p 58 at lines 10–16.

This was done by utilising cash cheques signed by DS. These cash cheques were
accompanied by payment vouchers stating that the cash cheques were to pay the
plaintiff’s vendors’ invoices for services rendered. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Sarjit’s AEIC p 39 at para 5.

9 The Deceased utilised these moneys to purchase and/or pay the premiums for a
number of insurance policies. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

D1’s bundle of documents (“1DBOD”) vol 2 at pp 24–25.

The Deceased also purchased properties which were registered in her sole name
utilising these moneys: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE 23 Jan 19, p 102 at lines 5–6, p 106 at lines 24–29, p 110 at lines 20–22.

Property|  Year Purchased  
---|---  
26 Bayshore Road, #13-05, Singapore (“the 26 Bayshore Property”)| 2006  
34 Marine Crescent, #04-41, Singapore| 2007  
41 Geylang Lorong 21, #03-05, Singapore| 2012  
  
10 Apart from these, two other properties were purchased:

  
Property|  
Ownership | Year Purchased  
---|---|---  
7 Rivervale Link #13-36, Singapore (“the Rivervale Property”)| D2| 2008  
70 Bayshore Road, #21-11, Singapore (“the 70 Bayshore Property”)| D1 and D2 as
joint tenants 11

##### Foot Note 11

× NE 29 Jan 19, p 66 at lines 14–18. | 2010  
  
11 Although D2 was the registered owner of the Rivervale property, the
Deceased was a co-borrower on the loan and had further pledged a fixed deposit
with Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

D2’s AEIC at para 34–39.

12 The exact contribution of the Deceased and D2 toward the properties
mentioned above at [10] was disputed and will be discussed below.

13 On 29 August 2012, the plaintiff’s offices were shifted from 420 North
Bridge Road, #06-11, Singapore (“the Old Office”), to 45 Kallang Pudding Road,
#09-09, Singapore (“the New Office”). Kathelene oversaw the move as DS was
overseas for business and the Deceased was in India on a religious pilgrimage.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE 15 Jan 19, p 23 at lines 24–28.

14 According to the plaintiff, the Deceased’s fraud was discovered soon after
the plaintiff’s move to the New Office. On or about 5 September 2012,
Kathelene was unpacking at the New Office when she discovered incriminating
documents belonging to the Deceased such as her insurance policies, a bankbook
for an account held with OCBC and other documents pertaining to properties of
the Deceased indicating that she had substantial wealth. Kathelene informed
DS, who was not in Singapore then, of this discovery. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DS’s at para 36–44; Kathelene’s AEIC at para 24.

15 When DS returned to Singapore, he went to the plaintiff’s New Office on or
about 7 or 8 September 2012 to look at the incriminating documents. He left
Singapore on or about 8 September 2012 and told Kathelene not to allow the
Deceased entry into the New Office. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE 22 Jan 19, p 21 at lines 17–23; DS’s AEIC at para 52–62.

16 On 13 September 2012, the Deceased and D2 broke into the plaintiff’s New
Office. They did so by engaging a locksmith to break the locks. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE 29 Jan 19, p 97 at lines 13–25.

Whether the Deceased took anything from the plaintiff’s New Office during the
break-in is disputed.

17 On 14 September 2012, Kathelene attempted to gain entry into the New Office
but the locks had been changed. From her inquiries with neighbouring
occupants, she believed that the Deceased and D2 had hired a locksmith to
change the locks and gain entry. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE 16 Jan 19, p 7 at line 17 to p 8 at line 21.

Kathelene called the police to report the incident. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Vol 2 Agreed Bundle (“AB”) at p 612.

Kathelene’s evidence was that many documents were missing. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Kathelene’s AEIC at para 35.

18 Also on 14 September 2012, the Deceased lodged her own police report
claiming that she visited the plaintiff’s New Office and found that the keys
left for her by Kathelene in the letter box of the Old Office did not work.
She was unable to contact DS or Kathelene and thus engaged a locksmith to
change the locks to the office. She then entered the office to work and
perform prayers. The Deceased stated that her reason for making the police
report was that DS had called her earlier that day and accused her of breaking
into the office. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

2AB at p 613–614.

19 The Deceased also tendered her resignation from the plaintiff by mail dated
14 September 2012. Her resignation letter stated that her reason for doing so
was DS’s abusive language and violent behaviour in the office, which made her
fearful of working with him. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Vol 2 AB at p 615–616.

20 On 15 September 2012, DS lodged a police report alleging that the Deceased
had misappropriated the plaintiff’s moneys. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DS’s AEIC at p 553.

21 Police investigations commenced and the Deceased’s assets were frozen. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 24 Jan 19, p 77 at line 6.

In the trial, counsel agreed that the Deceased gave a total of eight
statements to the police between 1 October 2012 and 24 March 2014, although
only seven were adduced in evidence. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Vol 12 AB at p 5125–5154.

22 In the statements given by the Deceased to the police, she admitted that
she had received various sums of money from the plaintiff. However, she
alleged that this was with the consent of DS, who was the one who instructed
her what to state on payment vouchers for the cheque payments and to prepare
the cash cheques. Some of the money was paid as some sort of commission to
her. In any event, she was entitled to use the money as she thought fit. DS
had wanted to evade goods and services tax and income tax. Also, DS did not
want Kathelene to know that the plaintiff was making huge profits as their
marriage was on the verge of divorce. The Deceased had used the moneys to buy
insurance policies and properties and DS was aware of her purchases. When DS
needed money, he would ask the Deceased to withdraw money from her personal
account to lend to his friends or for his own use. DS had also demanded that
she buy expensive items for him. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Vol 12 AB at p 5125–5154.

23 The Deceased was eventually charged by the police in October 2014 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE 31 Jan 19, p 18 at lines 3–16.

and claimed trial to seven charges of criminal breach of trust by clerk or
servant under s 408 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) and one charge
under s 47(1)(c) and punishable under s 47(6)(a) of the Corruption, Drug
Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A,
2000 Rev Ed). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Vol 2 AB at p 665–672.

24 Before the trial took place, the Deceased was granted a discharge not
amounting to an acquittal (“DNAQ”) on 25 January 2016 on the application of
the Prosecution. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Sarjit’s AEIC at p 26.

25 The Deceased passed away from cancer on 8 May 2016 at the age of 49 years.
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Vol 2 AB at p 686.

26 On 8 June 2016, the plaintiff filed the present action. There was no prior
letter of demand sent to the Deceased or D1. There was a disposal inquiry in
the State Courts on 12 and 17 January 2017 in respect of the Deceased’s assets
that were frozen by the police. On 17 January 2017, the plaintiff applied for
and obtained a Mareva injunction against D1 to restrain him from disposing of
assets up to $2 million. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DS’s AEIC at para 139 and pp 829–830.

27 The plaintiff joined D2 in the action some ten months after the suit was
filed on 29 May 2017. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Statement of claim (amendment no 1)

The basis of this claim was that D2 had used moneys from the Deceased to buy
the Rivervale Property and the 70 Bayshore Property. The plaintiff alleged
that D2 knew that the moneys had been wrongfully obtained by the Deceased from
the plaintiff. D2’s defence was that the two properties were bought using her
own money and that, in any event, she was not aware that any money from the
Deceased came from the plaintiff. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

D2’s defence at para 6.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

28 The plaintiff’s pleaded case was that the Deceased owed fiduciary duties to
it by virtue of her duties in the company. According to the plaintiff, the
Deceased was responsible for liaising extensively with its clients, service
providers and suppliers. The Deceased also handled all administrative matters
of the plaintiff including consolidating invoices issued to the plaintiff by
its vendors, preparing cheques and payment vouchers for DS to sign, and
banking in payments received by the plaintiff into its bank accounts. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Statement of claim (amendment no 1) at para 9-13.

29 The Deceased breached her fiduciary duties by: 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Statement of claim (amendment no 1) at para 15.

(a) Inducing DS to sign cash cheques for the payment of duplicate invoices
before encashing them and pocketing the moneys; 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (a) at para 9–10.

(b) Cashing some of the cheques for her own benefit instead of making payments
to the plaintiff’s vendors;

(c) Inducing DS to sign further cash cheques to pay for invoices that had
already been paid for by the cheques that the Deceased had cashed for her own
benefit; and

(d) Deliberately delaying some payments to the plaintiff’s vendors in order to
buy time to induce DS to sign the cash cheques referenced above at [(c)].

30 Through this, the Deceased was able to obtain the sum of S$1,633,875.20
from the plaintiff (see [8] above).

31 The plaintiff’s primary witness was DS. According to him, he became
suspicious of the Deceased sometime after 5 September 2012 when Kathelene
discovered the Deceased’s insurance policies, bankbook and other documents
indicating substantial personal wealth. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DS’s AEIC at para 35–44; Kathelene’s AEIC at para 24.

This was far in excess of the Deceased’s remuneration from the plaintiff which
consisted of a monthly salary of S$2,500 plus occasional commissions of
between S$500 and S$3,000. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DS’s AEIC at para 41; NE 22 Jan 19, p 76 at lines 1–25.

32 Subsequently, on 8 September 2012, DS went to the plaintiff’s New Office to
check its accounts and discovered that there were many duplicate payments to
various vendors (see [15] above). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DS’s AEIC at para 52.

DS then told Kathelene not to allow the Deceased to enter the New Office.
Kathelene had the locks changed and informed the Deceased via a phone call not
to return to the New Office unless told to by DS. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Kathelene’s AEIC at para 30.

At this time, many of the Deceased’s personal belongings including numerous
insurance policies were still in the New Office.

33 Following the break-in on 13 September 2012, Kathelene discovered on 14
September 2012 that many of the Deceased’s possessions which had been in the
New Office had been taken away, including some of the insurance policies. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Kathelene’s AEIC at para 35.

She suspected that the Deceased and D2 were attempting to conceal and dispose
of evidence linking the Deceased with losses suffered by the plaintiff. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Kathelene’s AEIC at para 36.

34 DS testified that sometime in September 2012, he discovered payment
vouchers made out to two of the plaintiff’s vendors, Mr Amarjit Singh
(“Amarjit”) and Mr Mukhtiar Singh (“Mukhtiar”) for the payment of invoices. He
checked with both of them whether they had received the particular cheques
reflected in the payment vouchers but was told that they had not. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE 17 Jan 19, p 33 at lines 13–27, p 38 at lines 1–11.

35 DS also testified that he had conducted his own audit of the plaintiff’s
finances in September 2012 which was completed within five or six months. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE 23 Jan 19, p 62 at lines 19–31.

This audit allowed him to estimate that the plaintiff’s loss was about S$1.7m.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE 23 Jan 19, p 66 at lines 7–31.

36 The plaintiff produced numerous cheque images and payment vouchers which it
claimed evidenced the Deceased’s fraud. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Vol 12 AB at p 5154 to Vol 15 AB at p 6950.

37 DS’s position was that the Deceased’s modus operandi was to utilise
invoices submitted by the plaintiff’s vendors to persuade DS to sign multiple
cash cheques over a period of time. The Deceased would first mislead DS into
thinking that the plaintiff’s vendor had requested for a cash cheque. She
would then prepare the cheque and an accompanying payment voucher reflecting
the serial number(s) of the invoice(s) to be paid before presenting them to
DS. By re-using the same invoices to obtain multiple payments from the
plaintiff, the Deceased was able to pay the plaintiff’s vendors while at the
same time pocketing the difference.

38 Using the figures from the eight charges which had been pressed against the
Deceased, DS presented a table of the sums of money wrongfully taken by the
Deceased from the plaintiff. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DS’s AEIC at para 79; 6AB at p 2460–2466.

The money was either in the currency of Singapore or the United States of
America. The exchange rate agreed to by the parties was US$1=S$1.43, which is
used to make the points below.

39 In my ex tempore judgment, I mentioned that the figures from the eight
charges showed that the Deceased had taken the following amounts from the
plaintiff: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DS’s AEIC at para 79; 6AB at p 2460–2466.

From February 2006 – December 2006| About S$180,000  
---|---  
From January 2007 – November 2007| About S$340,000  
From January 2008 – November 2008| About S$345,000  
From January 2009 – November 2009| About S$370,000  
From March 2010 – December 2010| About S$240,000  
From January 2011 – December 2011| About S$150,000  
From January 2012 – August 2012| About S$ 89,000  
  
40 The above table refers to approximate amounts. More detailed information is
found below at [66].

41 Apart from the charges, the plaintiff also relied heavily on the statements
which the Deceased gave to the police (see [22] above). The Deceased had set
out the various sums in detail and, apparently, the sums in the charges which
were also the subject of the plaintiff’s claims were based on figures which
she had provided to the police. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Vol 12 AB at p 5125–5154.

42 As for how the Deceased managed to hide the fraud, DS explained that as a
private exempt company, there was no requirement for the plaintiff’s financial
statements to be audited. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE 16 Jan 19, p 83 at lines 1–6.

However, the plaintiff had engaged the services of an outside accountant named
Abdul Jabbar (“Jabbar”) to prepare its financial statements. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE 16 Jan 19, p 92 at lines 13–14.

DS had signed the financial statements each year. According to DS, the money
which the Deceased had wrongfully taken from the plaintiff was hidden under an
expense item called “Survey Charges”. In other words, money which she had
wrongfully taken was treated in the accounts as part of “Survey Charges” and
this item or expense was wrongly inflated accordingly. Consequently, the
profit for each of the years was correspondingly reduced. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE 16 Jan 19, p 118 at lines 9–27.

The table at [66] below sets out the amounts the Deceased had admitted taking
and the “Survey Charges” and the Profits before Tax for 2006 to 2012.

43 As against D1’s limitation defence, the plaintiff claimed that s 22 of the
Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“LA”) applied as the moneys obtained by
the Deceased from the plaintiff were trust property. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (b) at para 3–4.

In the alternative, the plaintiff submitted that it was entitled to rely on s
29(1) of the LA as it could not have discovered the Deceased’s fraud up until
15 September 2012, the date on which DS first made a police report claiming
that the Deceased had misappropriated the plaintiff’s moneys. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (b) at para 6–22.

44 The plaintiff’s case against D2 was in knowing receipt. According to the
plaintiff, D2 did not have the necessary financial means 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (c) at para 19–61.

and, together with the Deceased, had used the plaintiff’s moneys to purchase
the Rivervale Property in October 2008 in D2’s name and the 70 Bayshore
Property in April 2010 as joint tenants. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Statement of claim (amendment no 1) at para 18.2–18.3.

45 To demonstrate D2’s lack of financial means to purchase the Rivervale
Property, the plaintiff relied on:

(a) D2’s notices of assessment for the years 2004 to 2009; 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE 31 Jan 19, p 86 at lines 19–26.

(b) D2’s default on a renovation loan of S$18,000 owed to OCBC on 26 May 2004,
which was only repaid about four years later on 11 April 2008; 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE 31 Jan 19, p 85 at lines 20–24.

and

(c) D2’s affidavit in a separate matter where she stated that her business was
dormant in mid-2008 and that she was unable to pay for a van. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE 31 Jan 19, p 85 at lines 25–31.

46 The plaintiff relied on the following evidence to show that D2 lacked the
financial means to purchase the 70 Bayshore Property: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (c) at para 70–87.

(a) D2 only had S$4,519.17 in her personal bank account on 30 April 2010, some
ten days before a sum of S$62,200 was due for the exercise of the option to
purchase the property;

(b) A sum of S$62,200 was withdrawn from the Deceased’s bank account on 10 May
2010 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Vol 12 AB at p 5105.

which D2 admitted was subsequently deposited into her bank account and used
for the purchase of the 70 Bayshore Property; 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

D2’s supplementary AEIC at para 22–23.

and

(c) D2 was suddenly able to obtain S$223,435.75, which was deposited into her
bank account on 28 June 2010 and used to complete the purchase of the 70
Bayshore Property on 2 July 2010.

47 The plaintiff also claimed that D2 held certain joint accounts with the
Deceased into which the plaintiff’s moneys were deposited. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Statement of claim (amendment no 1) at para 18.1.

48 According to the plaintiff, the circumstances surrounding the purchase of
the Rivervale Property in 2008 and the 70 Bayshore Property in 2010 meant that
the moneys used to purchase both properties came from the moneys
misappropriated from the plaintiff by the Deceased.

49 The plaintiff also claimed that D2 knew or ought to have known that the
Deceased’s contribution to the purchase of both the Rivervale Property and the
70 Bayshore Property was traceable to her breaches of fiduciary duties owed to
the plaintiff for several reasons: 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 88–91.

(a) D2 was extremely close to the Deceased;

(b) The plaintiff and D2’s companies shared an office for a number of years;

(c) D2 would have had sight of the Deceased’s income documents during the
purchase of the various properties mentioned above at [10]; and

(d) D2 had introduced the Deceased to DS and knew that the Deceased was
earning a low salary.

50 There are two other issues in relation to the plaintiff’s pleadings which
bear discussing. First, in the plaintiff’s pleadings, there was mention of a
claim in unjust enrichment. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Statement of claim (amendment no 1) at para 26.

I did not think that a cause of action in unjust enrichment was adequately
pleaded. The statement of claim (amendment no 1) pleaded (at para 26):

The Defendants are liable to account to the Plaintiff for the sum of
SGG$1,741,812.03 as constructive trustee on the grounds of unjust enrichment.

51 The plaintiff’s claim simply asserted that the defendants were liable to it
in unjust enrichment without identifying a particular recognised unjust factor
or event which would give rise to a claim. As the Court of Appeal stated in
Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate of Ng
Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 at [134]:

It is important to reiterate that there is no freestanding claim in unjust
enrichment on the abstract basis that it is “unjust” for the defendant to
retain the benefit – there must be a particular recognised unjust factor or
event which gives rise to a claim. The following observations by Prof Birks in
a seminal article are, in this regard, apposite (see Peter Birks, “The English
recognition of unjust enrichment” [1991] LMCLQ 473 (at 482)):

‘Unjust’ is the generalization of all the factors which the law recognizes as
calling for restitution. Hence, at the lower level of generality the plaintiff
must put his finger on a specific ground for restitution, a circumstance
recognized as rendering the defendant’s enrichment ‘unjust’ and therefore
reversible.

[emphasis added]

52 In my view, this failure was fatal to the plaintiff’s claims against D1 and
D2 in unjust enrichment.

53 Second, the plaintiff advanced arguments which were unpleaded and thus
irrelevant for the purposes of the present proceedings:

(a) In its closing submissions, the plaintiff submitted that it ought to
succeed in its claim against D1 even if DS was privy to the Deceased’s fraud.
This was on the basis that the plaintiff was a separate legal entity from DS.
65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE 31 Jan 19, p 91 at lines 22–29.

However, its case before the closing submissions were made was based entirely
on the premise that DS was unaware of the conduct of the Deceased. If its case
had been on the basis that it would succeed even if DS was privy to the
Deceased’s conduct, it would have been open to D1 to have pleaded and argued
that the plaintiff is bound by the conduct and knowledge of DS.

(b) There was also some suggestion that the plaintiff was entitled to succeed
in its claim as Sarjit, the executor of the Deceased’s estate, admitted that
the Deceased had an arrangement with DS whereby DS would be able to reclaim
moneys obtained from the plaintiff whenever he wanted. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE 31 Jan 2019, p 68 at lines 22–25.

However, again, the premise of the plaintiff’s claim was not pursuant to an
agreement or arrangement between the Deceased and DS but rather that the
Deceased had acted contrary to DS’s knowledge.

The case of each defendant

54 D1’s case was that the plaintiff had not discharged its burden of proving
its case on a balance of probabilities as DS was aware at all times of the
payments to the deceased. The moneys alleged to have been misappropriated by
the Deceased were in reality paid to her by DS. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

D1’s defence (amendment no 2) at para 16–19.

These moneys were reflected as “Survey Charges” in the plaintiff’s accounts.
Given that the amounts alleged to have been taken by the Deceased resulted in
a significant decrease in the plaintiff’s profits, DS must have had full
knowledge of the Deceased’s actions. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

D1’s closing submissions at para 21–32.

55 D1 also argued that the Deceased would not have openly left incriminating
documents in the office if she was indeed defrauding the plaintiff. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

D1’s closing submissions at para 20(g)

56 D1 further called several witnesses who testified that DS was paying the
Deceased substantial amounts of money and was aware that she was purchasing
various properties. The evidence of these witnesses is discussed below (at
[79]).

57 As regards D1’s limitation defence, D1 took the position that all payments
to the Deceased up to and including 7 June 2010 were time-barred. D1 took the
position that s 22 of the LA did not apply as the Deceased did not owe any
fiduciary duties to the plaintiff. As for the application of s 29(1) of the
LA, D1’s position was that there was no act of “deliberate concealment” on the
part of the Deceased and that the plaintiff could have in any case discovered
any fraud with reasonable diligence. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

D1’s closing submissions at para 39–47.

58 D2’s case was that she had paid for the Rivervale Property on her own. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

D2’s closing submissions at para 66.

As for the 70 Bayshore Property, the Deceased contributed a sum of S$62,200,
of which S$22,600 was to repay D2 for having paid the same towards the
Deceased’s purchase of the 26 Bayshore Property in 2006. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

D2’s closing submissions at para 67.

59 To demonstrate that she had the financial means to purchase the Rivervale
Property and 70 Bayshore Property, D2 testified that she had been earning
between S$50,000 and S$200,000 a year between 2004 and 2012 from India which
she had failed to declare to the Comptroller of Income Tax, resulting in her
notices of assessment failing to accurately reflect her income. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE 25 Jan 19, p 59 at line 30 to p 60 at line 23.

She also testified that she was in the habit of keeping large amounts of this
Indian income in a drawer in her office. This averaged approximately S$80,000
to S$100,000 between 2004 to 2008 and could go up to S$200,000 at times. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE 29 Jan 19, p 22 at lines 5–31.

60 D2 also submitted that the plaintiff had not proved that the Deceased had
defrauded it in the manner stated in its pleadings. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

D2’s closing submissions at para 77–87.

The plaintiff had also not made out its claim against D2 in knowing receipt as
it had not proven that she had actual knowledge or wilfully avoided knowledge
that any moneys used in the purchase of the Rivervale Property or 70 Bayshore
Property were traceable to any fraud or breach of trust/fiduciary duty
committed by the Deceased. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

D2’s closing submissions at para 130–131.

Issues to be determined

61 The following issues thus arose for my determination:

(a) Whether the plaintiff had made out its claim against D1 for the Deceased’s
fraud;

(b) Whether any part of the plaintiff’s claim against D1 was time-barred under
the LA; and

(c) Whether the plaintiff had made out its claim against D2 in knowing
receipt.

My decision

Claim against D1

62 I was of the view that the plaintiff had not made out its claim against D1
as it had not discharged its burden of proving on a balance of probabilities
that the Deceased had committed fraud in the alleged manner.

63 It was clear to me that DS was aware of and consented to the Deceased’s
taking of moneys belonging to the plaintiff.

64 As mentioned above at [37], the plaintiff’s case was that the Deceased
utilised invoices submitted by the plaintiff’s vendors to persuade DS to sign
multiple cash cheques over a period of time. The moneys obtained by the
Deceased from the plaintiff were hidden in its accounts by reflecting them as
“Survey Charges”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE 18 Jan 19, p 70 at lines 1–16.

65 However, this did not explain how the Deceased was able to perpetrate the
alleged fraud over such an extended period of time (from 2006 to 2012) given
that it would have been patently obvious from the plaintiff’s accounts.

66 The proportion of the plaintiff’s “Survey Charges” (as reflected in its
accounts), together with its profits, when compared to the moneys allegedly
fraudulently obtained by the Deceased (as reflected in the charges against her
which the plaintiff relied on) are set out in the following table for the
years 2006 to 2012: 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Vol 4 AB at pp 1742, 1749, 1756, 1763, 1770, 1777, 1783, 1790, 1796, 1803,
1809, 1816.

Year| Amount the Deceased admitted obtaining from the plaintiff| Total “Survey
Charges”| Profit before tax  
---|---|---|---  
2006| S$182,584.76| S$342,829| S$20,201  
2007| S$339,649.86| S$443,943| S$27,006  
2008| S$343,934.80| S$370,189| S$29,385  
2009| S$372,587.62| S$358,549| S$20,408  
2010| S$242,130.45| S$327,006| S$14,776  
2011| S$149,220.46| S$747,650| S$43,039  
2012| S$ 88,850.40| S$907,615| S$49,910  
  
67 As can be seen, the amounts which the Deceased had received for each of the
five years from 2006 to 2010 was more than half of the “Survey Charges”.
Indeed, in 2008, the amount she had received was more than 90% of the “Survey
Charges”. In 2009, the amount she received was even more than the “Survey
Charges”.

68 In addition, the amounts received by the Deceased for each of the five
years from 2006 to 2010 far exceeded the profit before tax by about nine to
ten times or even more than ten times.

69 The plaintiff is a small company that employed DS and the Deceased as the
only employees at the material time. DS initially admitted that even though he
was busy, as a businessman he would have a rough idea of the amount of profit
that the plaintiff was generating each month and each year. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE 16 Jan 19, p 100 at line 12 to p 101 at line 30.

He further admitted that before signing the financial statements of the
plaintiff for each year, he would also have looked at the amount of “Survey
Charges”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE 16 Jan 19, p 124 at lines 12–19.

70 In my view, DS would have realised that the “Survey Charges” could not have
been so high if indeed he was initially unaware that the Deceased had inflated
the “Survey Charges” as alleged.

71 DS then subsequently said during the trial that he only looked at the
profit figures for each year, but this too did not help the plaintiff. Even if
he had only looked at the plaintiff’s profit figures for each year, it could
not have escaped his attention that the profit figures for each year,
especially the years 2006 to 2010, were much lower than what he would have
expected them to be. In other words, he would have realised that the profits
could not have been so low and that something was amiss, if indeed it was true
that the Deceased had taken the money without his consent.

72 Unfortunately for the plaintiff, DS could not give any adequate explanation
as to why he was unaware that something was amiss in the light of the profit
figures stated in the financial statements.

73 There were also other aspects of the plaintiff’s case and DS’s testimony
which led me to conclude that the latter was not a truthful witness on the
main issue of whether the Deceased had committed the alleged fraud.

74 First, DS said that the Deceased had fraudulently used the same invoice to
issue duplicate or multiple vouchers to obtain cash cheques signed by DS. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Statement of claim (amendment no 1) at para 15.

This would suggest that the Deceased did pay the vendor on the invoice and
took the additional payment for herself. Yet, DS said that some vendors were
not paid. This did not make sense. If the Deceased had fraudulently obtained
duplicate or multiple payments using the same invoice of the vendor, she would
have ensured that the vendor concerned was paid so that there would be no
inquiry from the vendor.

75 Second, DS failed to call several witnesses who would have been able to
give important evidence on the main issue:

(a) In so far as DS identified Amarjit and Mukhtiar as two vendors who had not
been paid (see [34] above), he did not call them as witnesses. This was
understandable for the latter who had passed away. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DS’s AEIC at para 57.

As for Amarjit, DS said he had contacted him on 8 September 2012 and Amarjit
claimed he had not been paid for the last three to four months. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE 17 Jan 19, p 25 at lines 7–19.

Amarjit informed DS that he did not contact DS about the non-payment as the
Deceased told Amarjit not to call DS on this, or she would not give Amarjit
any more work. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE 17 Jan 19, p 25 at lines 19–24.

However, there was no other evidence that the Deceased was in a position to
decide who to give work to. More importantly, DS did not call Amarjit as a
witness to confirm his discussion with the Deceased.

(b) Similarly, the plaintiff failed to call any of the vendors whose invoices
the Deceased allegedly used to carry out her fraud as a witness. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE 17 Jan 19, p 39 at lines 9–13.

DS testified that when the Deceased informed him that certain vendors wanted
their invoices to be paid in cash (see [37] above), he had checked with these
vendors before agreeing to sign the cash cheques. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE 23 Jan 19, p 91 at lines 9–20.

The Deceased was to encash these cash cheques and deposit the moneys obtained
into the vendor’s bank account. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE 23 Jan 19, p 91 line 24 to p 92 at line 20.

The reason for this was that it would otherwise take one or two days for the
vendor to withdraw the money if the cheque was deposited into the vendor’s
bank account. The vendor did not want to wait for that interim period. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE 23 Jan 19, p 95 at lines 8–26.

Yet, on the other hand, DS was saying that there were vendors like Amarjit who
did not complain directly to him even though they had not been paid for three
to four months. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE 17 Jan 19, p 48 at lines 15–21.

In my view, it was unlikely that various vendors could not even wait for one
or two days such that it became a practice for cash cheques to be issued by
the plaintiff. The failure to call any of these vendors to give evidence as to
the existence of this arrangement undermined DS’s credibility.

(c) DS also testified that the plaintiff’s accounts were prepared by Jabbar
(see [42] above). In the light of the fact that the Deceased had allegedly
hidden her fraud from DS by inflating the plaintiff’s “Survey Charges”, Jabbar
would have been well placed to shed light on how the Deceased managed to hide
the alleged fraud for so long. This was especially so given that the
plaintiff’s profits before tax were reduced by upwards of 90% in some years
(see [67] above). Yet, the plaintiff declined to call Jabbar as a witness. The
plaintiff’s original explanation for not doing so was that D1 was calling
Jabbar as a witness. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE 16 Jan 19, p 99 at lines 1–19.

However, after D1 informed the court that it was not calling Jabbar as a
witness, the plaintiff still did not apply to court for leave to call Jabbar
as a witness. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE 25 Jan 19, p 1 at lines 11–16.

76 Finally, there was no good explanation as to why the plaintiff had delayed
so long before commencing proceedings. According to DS, he needed evidence and
wanted to wait for the criminal proceedings against the Deceased to be
completed before commencing civil proceedings against her so as to have an
easier time in establishing his claim. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE 23 Jan 19, p 58 at lines 6–14, p 65 at lines 21–22.

However, DS’s own evidence was that he had completed his investigations within
five or six months after 2012 and was able to estimate the amount the
plaintiff had been defrauded of (see [35] above). 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE 23 Jan 19, p 62 at lines 19–28.

By this time, he had double checked the plaintiff’s payment vouchers with its
bank statements and had further spoken with its vendors. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE 17 Jan 19, p 38 line 27 to p 39 at line 13.

If, as DS sought to portray, he was already able to establish that the
Deceased had committed the fraud after he had done his own investigations,
then there was no reason to wait for the prosecution to be completed.
Furthermore, there was not even a letter of demand sent to the Deceased when
she was alive.

77 In addition, even if I were to accept DS’s explanation that he was waiting
for the prosecution to be completed, this still would not explain why legal
proceedings were not commenced in January 2016, when the Deceased was given a
DNAQ, but rather only on 8 June 2016, a month after the Deceased had passed
away. In my view, this inexplicable delay further undermined DS’s credibility.

78 While the plaintiff only called Kathelene and DS as witnesses, D1 called
other persons as witnesses. The evidence of D1’s witnesses contradicted the
plaintiff’s case that the Deceased was only paid a monthly salary of S$2,500
with occasional commissions between S$500 and S$3,000 (see [31] above).

79 D1 called a total of five witnesses who testified that DS was paying
significant sums of money to the Deceased:

(a) Sarjit, the brother of the Deceased and the executor of her estate;

(b) Uttam Singh s/o Bakhshish Singh (“Uttam”), a childhood friend of DS;

(c) Mr Peter John Jalal @ Muhammad Jalal (“Mr Jalal”), a friend of DS;

(d) Abid Hussain Mir (“Mr Mir”), a businessman who delivered carpets and
furniture to the Deceased’s 26 Bayshore Property; and

(e) Raj Kumar (“Mr Kumar”), an employee of D2.

80 I will first deal with the evidence of Sarjit, Uttam and Mr Jalal. All
three of them testified that they were aware that DS was paying significant
sums to the Deceased and that he was doing so because he was having marital
problems with his wife, Kathelene. DS did this because he was worried that
Kathelene would file for divorce and wanted to keep her from being able to
access his assets. In return for paying these moneys to the Deceased, DS would
have a say as to how they were to be utilised. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Uttam’s AEIC at paras 4–5; Mr Jalal’s AEIC at paras 3–4; Sarjit’s AEIC at
paras 10–11.

81 The plaintiff’s position was that little weight should be accorded to the
evidence of Sarjit, Uttam and Mr Jalal. For Sarjit, the plaintiff’s position
was that he stood to personally benefit should the claim against D1 be
dismissed. For Uttam, the plaintiff’s position was that DS had made his son a
bankrupt and therefore he was a partial witness against DS. For Mr Jalal, the
plaintiff’s position was similarly that he himself had been made a bankrupt by
DS and therefore was a partial witness against DS.

82 I agreed with the plaintiff that the evidence of Sarjit (given his vested
interest) ought to be approached with caution. In the case of Uttam, his
testimony on the stand at times contradicted his affidavit of evidence-in-
chief (“AEIC”) and led me to conclude that he was not a witness deserving of
credit. For example, during cross-examination, he stated that he did not know
of any arrangement between DS and the Deceased whereby the former could direct
the latter to do certain acts with the moneys paid to her from the plaintiff,
such as make loans to others. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE 24 Jan, p 115 at lines 16–25.

In contrast, his AEIC stated that DS himself had told him about his
arrangement with the Deceased. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Uttam’s AEIC at paras 4–5.

The contradiction suggested that Uttam held a grudge against DS and was
willing to tailor his evidence to contradict the plaintiff’s case.

83 However, I did not agree that Mr Jalal’s testimony was not credible. He
appeared to be a candid and honest witness and did not hesitate in admitting
that DS had made him a bankrupt. He mentioned that if he was holding a grudge
against DS, then he would not have agreed to a previous request from DS to
sign an affidavit for DS in an unrelated matter even after he had been made a
bankrupt by DS. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE 24 Jan 19, p 131 at line 27 to p 132 at line 4.

It was not disputed that he did sign the affidavit for DS. Mr Jalal did not
strike me as a witness out to obtain revenge against DS and I was of the view
that his evidence was credible.

84 The evidence of Mr Mir was that he had come to know the Deceased as both of
them did volunteer work at the same temple. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Mr Mir’s AEIC at para 4.

Mr Mir said that he had previously delivered some carpets and furniture to the
26 Bayshore Property sometime in 2010. On this occasion, the Deceased, D2 and
DS were present. The Deceased introduced DS to Mr Mir as her boss. The
Deceased remarked that DS was a good and kind man and that DS had given her
big commissions and a very good salary which enabled her to buy the property.
In response to this, DS just smiled. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Mr Mir’s AEIC at paras 6–7.

Mr Mir was able to successfully identify DS in court. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE 24 Jan 19, p 87 at lines 23–32.

85 It was not disputed that Mr Mir was an independent witness without a motive
to lie. Indeed, the plaintiff seemed uncertain as to how to handle Mr Mir’s
evidence. There seemed to be some confusion by the plaintiff as to whether its
position was that DS was not present in the 26 Bayshore Property at that time,
or whether he was present but did not hear the exchange between Mr Mir and the
Deceased. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE 24 Jan 10, p 95 at lines 6–27.

I was of the view that Mr Mir was a credible witness and that DS was indeed
present during this conversation.

86 The final witness, Mr Kumar, was an employee of D2’s company, Job
Consultancy Global Pte Ltd. His evidence was that in 2010 or 2011, he was
sitting in the rear seat of a car driven by D2 and DS was the front passenger.
D2 was giving DS a lift and DS was smelling of alcohol. He overheard DS
telling D2 that DS was paying the Deceased a good salary and very high
commissions such that she could afford to buy properties. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Mr Kumar’s AEIC at paras 5–8; NE 24 Jan 19, p 146 at line 14 to p 148 at line
11.

Although Mr Kumar was not an independent witness, he was steady in his
evidence. I gave some weight to his evidence but, even without this evidence,
there was still the evidence of Mr Jalal and Mr Mir.

87 The general tenor of D1’s witnesses’ testimonies corroborated the
Deceased’s police statements. The Deceased’s statements mentioned that DS
agreed to the moneys being paid to her and directed her as to how the cash
cheques were to be prepared. Several reasons were provided for his doing so,
namely preventing his wife from finding out about the assets and to avoid
paying tax. The Deceased’s statements likewise suggested that DS had some say
as to how she would spend the moneys paid to her. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Sarjit’s AEIC at pp 38–66.

88 Further, it seemed strange that the Deceased would have kept documents
evincing her substantial personal wealth in the plaintiff’s office, if indeed
she had been defrauding the plaintiff without the knowledge of DS. The
Deceased’s insurance policies, documents relating to properties owned by her
and her OCBC bankbook were kept in the office (where they were discovered by
Kathelene after being moved to the New Office). 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Kathlene’s AEIC at paras 17–18, 24.

I add that there was no suggestion by the plaintiff that the Deceased was
unaware of the plans to move and that this would be done when she was in
India.

89 Finally, as regards the Deceased’s breaking into the plaintiff’s New Office
on 13 September 2012, the plaintiff’s position was that the Deceased had
broken in to conceal evidence of her wrongdoing. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DS’s AEIC at paras 63–66.

As against this, Sarjit said that the Deceased had informed him that she had
broken in to perform religious rites in order to bless the office. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Sarjit’s AEIC at para 41; NE 24 Jan 19, p 15 at lines 4–17.

90 To my mind, this explanation of the Deceased did not make sense. It seemed
to me a wholly disproportionate response to call a locksmith to break into the
plaintiff’s office if the Deceased’s only intention was to bless the New
Office. I found it more likely that the Deceased had broken in for her own
reasons which had nothing to do with blessing the New Office.

91 Be that as it may, I was of the view that the weight of the evidence in
this case showed that DS knew and had consented to the moneys being taken by
the Deceased. The plaintiff thus failed to make out its claim against D1. It
was irrelevant whether in fact the arrangement between the Deceased and DS was
that the Deceased was to hold the money on trust for DS as no such arrangement
had been pleaded by the plaintiff.

92 Having already determined that the plaintiff had not made out its claim
against D1, the question of whether the plaintiff’s claim was time-barred was
an academic one. I briefly consider the issue below.

93 As mentioned at [43] above, the plaintiff provided two alternative reasons
why its claim was not time-barred: (a) that s 22 of the LA applied; and (b) in
the alternative, that the plaintiff was entitled to avail itself of s 29(1) of
the LA. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (b) at para 5–6.

94 Section 22 of the LA states:

Limitation of actions in respect of trust property

22.—(1) No period of limitation prescribed by this Act shall apply to an
action by a beneficiary under a trust, being an action —

(a) in respect of any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust to which the trustee
was a party or privy; or

(b) to recover from the trustee trust property or the proceeds thereof in the
possession of the trustee, or previously received by the trustee and converted
to his use.

95 The plaintiff seemed to take the position that if the Deceased owed
fiduciary duties to it, any breach of those fiduciary duties would bring the
plaintiff within s 22(1) of the LA; its claim would thus not be subject to the
usual time bar of six years. I would have been of the view that the
plaintiff’s interpretation of s 22 of the LA was incorrect.

96 The exception in s 22(1) of the LA only applies to “an action by a
beneficiary under a trust”. Since there was no question of there having been
an express trust with the Deceased serving as trustee, the only other trust
which the plaintiff could rely on to invoke the exception was a constructive
trust.

97 In Yong Kheng Leong and another v Panweld Trading Pte Ltd [2013] 1 SLR 173
(“Yong Kheng Leong”), the Court of Appeal at [46] differentiated between
“Class 1” and “Class 2” constructive trusts:

46 … If a person holds property in the position of a trustee (and there is no
doubt that a director is regarded as a trustee over the company’s property…)
and deals with that property in breach of that trust, he will be a Class 1
constructive trustee; whereas a wrongdoer who fraudulently acquires property
over which he had never previously been impressed with any trust obligations,
may, by virtue of his fraudulent conduct, be held liable in equity to account
as if he were a constructive trustee… the latter is not a case of someone who
had ever in reality been a trustee of that property; and it is only by virtue
of equity’s reach that such a person is regarded as a Class 2 constructive
trustee.

98 Only Class 1 constructive trusts potentially fall within the ambit of s
22(1) of the LA; Class 2 constructive trusts are subject to the usual time bar
of six years (Yong Kheng Leong at [51]).

99 Here, I would not have thought that the Deceased would be considered to
have been a Class 1 constructive trustee over the plaintiff’s property. She
was not a director of the plaintiff and had no ability to deal with its
property. Any cheques drawn on the plaintiff’s bank account had to be signed
by DS.

100 Therefore, the plaintiff would not have been able to rely on the exception
in s 22(1) of the LA to defeat D1’s limitation defence.

101 The same analysis would have applied to the plaintiff’s claim against D2.
The plaintiff’s claim against D2 was in knowing receipt and she would be
considered a Class 2 constructive trustee if the plaintiff succeeded in its
claim. However, as D2 did not plead the defence of limitation against the
plaintiff’s claim, I need not say more.

102 The next issue was whether s 29(1) of the LA applied.

103 Section 29(1) of the LA states:

Postponement of limitation period in case of fraud or mistake

29.—(1) Where, in the case of any action for which a period of limitation is
prescribed by this Act —

(a) the action is based upon the fraud of the defendant or his agent or of any
person through whom he claims or his agent;

(b) the right of action is concealed by the fraud of any such person as
aforesaid; or

(c) the action is for relief from the consequences of a mistake,

the period of limitation shall not begin to run until the plaintiff has
discovered the fraud or the mistake, as the case may be, or could with
reasonable diligence have discovered it.

104 As applied to the facts of this case, s 29(1) of the LA would prevent the
period of limitation from beginning to run until the plaintiff had discovered
the Deceased’s fraud, or could have with reasonable diligence have discovered
it.

105 The plaintiff’s position was that the Deceased’s fraud could not have been
discovered until 15 September 2012. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (b) at para 6.

I would not have agreed. I would have been of the view that DS would have
discovered any fraud committed by the Deceased from the plaintiff’s accounts
with reasonable diligence.

106 First, the use of cash cheques would have caused him to be more careful
even if the vendors had requested this mode of payment. Indeed, DS claimed
that he had informed the Deceased to retain the deposit slip to evidence the
payment into the vendor’s bank account, but yet he did not ask the Deceased to
show him the deposit slip after the cash was deposited. If he had been careful
enough to advise the Deceased to get the deposit slip, he ought to have been
careful enough to ask for it thereafter to verify that the deposit had been
made.

107 Second, the low profits would also have put DS on notice given that they
fell far short of what he would have been expecting to earn, if he was unaware
of the payments to the Deceased (see [66]–[69] above). This would have been
readily apparent from the date on which the plaintiff’s accounts for the year
2006 were signed.

108 I was of the view that the period of limitation would have begun to run
from the date on which the plaintiff’s accounts for the year 2006 were signed.
As the present proceedings were commenced on 8 June 2016, the plaintiff’s
claim was time barred in respect of payments before 8 June 2010.

Claim against D2

109 I now turn to the plaintiff’s claim against D2, which was in knowing
receipt.

110 A preliminary issue was whether a claim in knowing receipt could even be
made against D2.

111 The requirements for a claim in knowing receipt are set out in the Court
of Appeal’s decision in George Raymond Zage III and another v Ho Chi Kwong and
another [2012] 2 SLR 589 at [23]:

(a) A disposal of the plaintiff’s assets in breach of fiduciary duty;

(b) The beneficial receipt by the defendant of assets which are traceable as
representing the assets of the plaintiff; and

(c) Knowledge on the part of the defendant that the assets received are
traceable to a breach of fiduciary duty.

112 While D2 conceded that a breach of the duty of fidelity owed by employees
to their employer would be sufficient to found a claim in knowing receipt (and
thus negate the need to find a breach of fiduciary duty), 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE 31 Jan 2019, p 53 at lines 5–20.

I did not need to make a finding on this point.

113 The plaintiff’s claim against D1 was for fraud committed by the Deceased.
If the plaintiff were to succeed in proving the Deceased’s fraud, a
constructive trust would arise over the fraudulently obtained moneys. Lord
Browne-Wilkinson observed in Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington
London Borough Council [1996] AC 669 at 716C:

I agree that the stolen moneys are traceable in equity. But the proprietary
interest which equity is enforcing in such circumstances arises under a
constructive, not a resulting, trust. Although it is difficult to find clear
authority for the proposition, when property is obtained by fraud equity
imposes a constructive trust on the fraudulent recipient: the property is
recoverable and traceable in equity.

114 While Lord Browne-Wilkinson’s reasoning has been questioned (see, eg,
Shalson v Russo [2005] 1 Ch. 281 at [111]), the proposition that a fraudster
holds the proceeds of the fraud on constructive trust for the victim appears
fairly well entrenched. Snell’s Equity (John McGhee QC ed) (Sweet & Maxwell,
33rd Ed, 2015) comments at para 26-012:

(b) Fraudulent taking. A distinction must be drawn between fraud consisting in
the outright taking of a person’s property, wholly without his consent, and a
transaction induced by a fraudulent misrepresentation. In the first case, it
has been said that a thief who steals the property of another holds it on
constructive trust for the claimant. The thief’s possessory title is subject
to the claimant’s equitable entitlement to have the property specifically
restored to him so that he holds it as a constructive trustee…

115 I was of the view that, on the facts, a claim in knowing receipt could
potentially have been made out against D2 if fraud on the part of D1 were
proved and the knowledge requirement on the part of D2 satisfied.

116 Given this, my finding that the plaintiff has not made out its case
against D1 is sufficient to dispose of the matter as a claim in knowing
receipt is premised on the existence of a breach of trust or fiduciary duty
(see [111(a)] above).

117 Nevertheless, as much time was spent on D2’s financial ability to purchase
the Rivervale Property and 70 Bayshore Property without any assistance from
the Deceased and I had agreed with the plaintiff that D2 had been untruthful
about the state of her finances, I will elaborate on my reasons for that
conclusion.

118 I will deal first with the purchase of the Rivervale Property, which was
purchased in October 2008.

119 According to D2, she was able to afford to purchase the Rivervale property
as she had substantial savings from her previous job as a property agent and
earnings from her other businesses. The Deceased was only included as a co-
borrower so that she would be able to get a mortgage for a higher percentage
of the purchase price. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

D2’s AEIC at para 38.

120 However, this was at odds with the documentary evidence that was before
the court.

121 First, D2’s income tax documents in the years leading up to the purchase
of the Rivervale Property suggested that she did not have the means to
purchase the Rivervale Property on her own. D2’s income as reflected in her
income tax documents is set out in the following table for the years of
assessment 2004 to 2009: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

D2’s bundle of documents (“2DBOD”) at p 9–13.

Year of Assessment| Income  
---|---  
2004| S$36,084.70  
2005| S$ 98.56  
2006| S$30,185.00  
2007| No return filed  
2008| S$30,064.00  
2009| S$30,001.00  
  
122 D2’s explanation was that she had under declared her income in those years
and that she had been earning significant amounts of income from her business
of bringing in workers from India to Singapore. Each worker approved by the
Ministry of Manpower would pay her an average of S$6,000 in cash, with an
average of 100 approved workers per year. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE 25 Jan 19, p 57 at lines 25–31.

Her estimated Indian income was:

Calendar Year| Income from India  
---|---  
2004| S$ 50,000  
2005| S$100,000  
2006| S$150,000  
2007| S$150,000  
2008| S$150,000  
  
123 D2 also claimed that she had understated her income as a property agent,
which was approximately S$20,000 per year from 2004 to 2008. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE 25 Jan 19, p 85 at lines 11–28.

124 In my view, D2’s testimony as regards her Indian income was an
afterthought and untrue. While there may have been reasons for D2 not to
declare her Indian income to the Comptroller of Income Tax, there was no
mention of this source of income anywhere in her AEIC even though she knew
that her financial ability was in question. It would have occurred to her to
mention this source of income in her AEIC if it were true given that the
alleged Indian income constituted the bulk of her income for the years leading
up to the purchase of the Rivervale Property. D2’s Indian income was only
brought up in her supplementary AEIC. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

D2’s supplementary AEIC at para 15.

125 There was also no documentary proof of such income. Both D2’s personal
bank statements and those of her sole proprietorship at the material time, Job
Consultancy Dot Com (“JCDC”), were not produced in the present proceedings.
Neither was there any evidence of the approvals given by the Ministry of
Manpower for the workers brought into Singapore from India by D2.

126 D2 also gave the unconvincing explanation that she did not deposit any of
her Indian income into a bank account and that she was in the habit of keeping
large amounts of money earned from India in an office drawer between 2004 and
2008 (see [59] above). This was to segregate moneys earned from India from
those earned from her clients in Singapore and would explain the lack of a
paper trail of the Indian income. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE 29 Jan 19, p 19 at lines 26–31.

This explanation did not make sense to me. D2 could have banked any Indian
income into a separate personal bank account, with moneys earned from JCDC
being banked into the sole proprietorship’s bank account. There was no reason
for her to keep such large amounts of cash in the office.

127 Second, as mentioned above at [45(b)], D2 was unable to repay a renovation
loan of S$18,000 from 26 May 2004 to 11 April 2008, a duration of some four
years. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

See Exhibit P5.

D2’s explanation for this was that the loan had been incurred by her ex-
husband, who was financially dependent on her. Although she was a guarantor of
the loan, she did not want to repay the loan on his behalf. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE 25 Jan 19, p 107 at lines 6–15.

128 I did not find this explanation to be credible. The evidence was that OCBC
had obtained a writ of seizure and sale against D2 and her ex-husband. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

See Exhibit P5.

This would have caused some inconvenience to her. It seemed unlikely that she
would refuse to pay off a relatively small debt, despite having the means to
do so, just because the loan was that of her ex-husband. In my view, this was
strong evidence of D2’s financial weakness between 2004 and 2008.

129 Third, if D2 had the cash, then there would be no need to include the
Deceased as a co-borrower to purchase the Rivervale Property (see [119]
above).

130 The mortgage agreement with OCBC stated that one of the conditions was
that the Deceased’s bank account with OCBC containing at least S$65,000 be
used as collateral. It was evident that the bank required additional security
before it would be willing to extend the desired loan to D2, which came from
the Deceased. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

D2’s AEIC at pp 98–104.

131 Fourth, the circumstances surrounding the payment for the option to
purchase (“OTP”) and the payment of the balance moneys due on completion of
the purchase suggested that some of the moneys came from the Deceased. The
evidence of D2 was that both the payment for the OTP of S$6,500 on 2 October
2008 and the balance moneys due on completion of S$98,451.15 on 3 December
2008 were paid from JCDC’s bank account. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

D2’s AEIC at paras 35 and 41.

132 Yet, a perusal of the cheque register or cheque butt contradicted D2’s
account. On the cheque butt, the cheque which D2 claimed was used to pay the
balance of S$98,451.15 on 3 December 2008 bore the serial number 516395 and
the amount was stated to be for S$150,000. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

2DBOD at p 55.

This was sequentially before the cheque for S$6,500 used to pay for the OTP
bearing serial number 516399 and which was reflected as being drawn on 16
October 2008, although D2 stated that it should state 2 October 2008. It
seemed strange that the cheque allegedly used for the payment of the balance
would be drawn before the cheque used for payment of the OTP was even issued
and that it should be for a sum of S$150,000, which was S$51,548.85 greater
than the balance of S$98,451.15 actually due.

133 More importantly, D2’s affidavit in a separate suit stated that in
mid-2008, her business, JCDC, was dormant. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

See Exhibit P6.

Furthermore, D2’s declared income from JCDC for the years 2004 to 2008 (ie,
years of assessment 2005 to 2009) was S$126,433.26 (see [121] above). It was
unlikely that the source of money for the cheque of S$150,000 came from JCDC
since the amount was higher than JCDC’s total income since inception in 2004.

134 Coincidentally, the Deceased’s OCBC account statement reflected a cash
withdrawal of S$150,000 on 6 June 2008, which was the exact same amount
withdrawn by cheque from JCDC’s UOB bank account by the cheque bearing serial
number 516395. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Vol 12 AB at p 5096.

None of the statements for JCDC’s UOB bank account were produced as apparently
it was past the bank’s retention date. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

D2’s AEIC at pp 109–110.

135 To my mind, the circumstances taken together suggested that D2’s financial
ability was not as strong as she would have had the court believe and that the
Deceased was at least partially responsible for the payment for the Rivervale
Property.

136 I come now to the servicing of the mortgage on the Rivervale Property from
2008 to 2014 (as it was sold in December 2014). 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

D2’s AEIC at para 46–48.

D2’s evidence was that this was funded by D2 through her companies, Job
Consultancy Pte Ltd and Job Consultancy Global Pte Ltd, and rental income from
the Rivervale Property. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

D2’s AEIC at pp 111–164.

D2’s financial standing seemed to have markedly improved from 2009 onwards as
reflected in her income tax documents. Her notices of assessment for the years
2010 and 2011 (ie, financial years 2009 and 2010) showed income of S$154,635
each year. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

2DBOD at pp 14–15.

As against this, there was no evidence which suggested that the mortgage
payments were made by D2 using money from the Deceased.

137 I now turn to the purchase of the 70 Bayshore Property.

138 As mentioned above at [46], the plaintiff’s claim that the 70 Bayshore
Property was purchased with its moneys was primarily based on D2 being
financially weak. As I understood it, the plaintiff’s claim was that certain
major cash deposits into D2’s bank account which were used to purchase the 70
Bayshore Property came from the Deceased. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (c) at para 70-87.

This would include:

(a) S$41,760 and S$62,200 on 10 May 2010; and

(b) S$233,250 on 28 June 2010.

139 D2’s position was that only the deposit of S$62,200 came from the
Deceased. Of this, S$22,600 was to repay D2 for a prior loan to help the
Deceased purchase the 26 Bayshore property. This meant that the Deceased only
contributed S$39,600 to the purchase of the 70 Bayshore Property. It should be
noted that D2 only took this position in her supplementary AEIC filed on 18
January 2019, after the commencement of the trial and after D2 had to disclose
certain bank statements to the plaintiff. In her initial AEIC, D2 did not
mention the fact that the Deceased had contributed S$62,200 and merely stated
instead that the moneys were paid from her own personal bank account. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

D2’s AEIC at para 54.

140 As for the remaining sums, D2’s position was that this was taken from cash
in her office. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

D2’s supplementary AEIC at para 13, 33.

141 I was of the view that apart from the sum of S$62,200, the plaintiff had
not shown that D2 had used the Deceased’s money to purchase the 70 Bayshore
Property.

142 The plaintiff did not adduce any evidence to show that any of the other
cash deposits into D2’s account came from the Deceased. The evidence in this
case showed that D2’s financial position had improved in 2009 and 2010 (see
[136] above). While I had doubted D2’s account of keeping large sums of cash
in the office (see [126] above), this did not discharge the plaintiff’s burden
of proving its case on a balance of probabilities.

143 As regards the mortgage payments for the 70 Bayshore Property, D2’s
evidence was that the mortgage payments were serviced from July 2010 to
September 2011 by renting out the 70 Bayshore Property. D2 then moved into the
70 Bayshore Property in September 2011 and serviced the mortgage payments on
her own. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

D2’s AEIC at para 61-68.

D2 admitted that some mortgage payments between September 2011 and November
2012 were deducted from the Deceased’s bank account but claimed that she had
reimbursed the Deceased. While D2 produced records of some payments to the
Deceased, it was unclear that they were to reimburse the Deceased for making
the mortgage payments on D2’s behalf. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

D2’s AEIC at pp 209-211.

144 On the other hand, the plaintiff did not lead any evidence to show that D2
was financially weak when the mortgage repayments were made and that they were
paid by D2 using moneys from the plaintiff. The plaintiff also did not pursue
this argument in closing submissions.

145 To sum up, the evidence suggested that D2 was financially weak in 2008 and
that the Deceased was likely responsible for part of the down payment for the
Rivervale Property. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NE 29 Jan 19, p 40 at lines 12-32, p 41 at lines 1-2.

As for the 70 Bayshore Property, only the sum of S$62,200 likely came from the
Deceased.

146 It was unnecessary for me to make a finding on the exact extent of the
Deceased’s contribution to the purchase of either property given that the
first requirement for a claim in knowing receipt was not made out (see [116]
above).

Summary

147 Ultimately, the plaintiff bore the burden of proving its case on a balance
of probabilities. It failed to do this against either D1 or D2.

Conclusion

148 I dismissed the plaintiff’s claims against both D1 and D2.

149 After hearing parties on costs, I awarded D1 and D2 costs fixed at
S$100,000 and S$20,000 respectively with disbursements to be agreed or fixed
by the court.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Mahmood Gaznavi s/o Bashir Muhammad (Mahmood Gaznavi & Partners) for the
plaintiff;  
Satwant Singh s/o Sarban Singh (Satwant & Associates) for the first defendant;  
Lim Tahn Lin Alfred and Lye May-Yee Jaime (Fullerton Law Chambers LLC) for the
second defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

