Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the HIGH COURT of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHCR 12

High Court Suit No 152 of 2019 (Summons No 3427 of 2019)

Between

Fauziyah bte Mohd Ahbidin (executrix of the estate of Mohamed Ahbideen bin
Mohamed Kassim (alias Ahna Mohamed Zainal Abidin bin Kassim), deceased)  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

1\. Singapore Land Authority  
---  
2\. Collector of Land Revenue  
3\. Attorney-General of the Republic of Singapore  
  
… Defendants

JUDGMENT

[Civil Procedure]–[Striking Out]

  
  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Fauziyah bte Mohd Ahbidin (executrix of the estate of Mohamed Ahbideen bin
Mohamed Kassim (alias Ahna Mohamed Zainal Abidin bin Kassim), deceased)

  
v

  

Singapore Land Authority and others

[2019] SGHCR 12

High Court — Suit No 152 of 2019 (Summons No 3427 of 2019)  
Colin Seow AR  
20 September 2019

18 December 2019 Judgment Reserved.

Colin Seow AR:

Introduction

1 Summons No 3427 of 2019 (the “Application”) is an application taken out by
the defendants seeking, inter alia, the striking out of the plaintiff’s
Endorsement of Claim in the Writ of Summons (“Endorsement of Claim”) and the
Statement of Claim, in High Court Suit No 152 of 2019 (the “Action”), pursuant
to Order 18 Rule 19(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“Rules of Court”) and/or the inherent jurisdiction of the court.

2 The hearing of the Application took place for a full day on 20 September
2019, at the end of which judgment was reserved. The Court now issues its
judgment on the Application.

Background

3 The plaintiff is the sole executrix of her late father Mr Mohamed Ahbideen
bin Mohamed Kassim (alias Ahna Mohamed Zainal Abidin bin Kassim) (“Zainal”),
who deceased in 2011. Zainal, the only child of the plaintiff’s late
grandfather Mr Ahna Mohamed Kassim bin Ally Mohamed (“Kassim”), was a
beneficiary and the administrator of Kassim’s estate under a grant of letter
of administration dated 1 October 1962. Kassim deceased in 1935.

4 The first, second and third defendants are the Singapore Land Authority,
Collector of Land Revenue and Attorney-General of the Republic of Singapore
respectively.

5 The dispute between the plaintiff and the defendants concerns four plots of
land situated in Siglap (the “Siglap Land”), presently a Muslim burial ground:

(a) Land Lot MK 27-99949T (formerly designated as MK 27 Lot 3-1);

(b) Land Lot MK 27-99948P (formerly designated as MK 27 Lot 3-2);

(c) Land Lot MK 27-99944C (formerly designated as MK 27 Lot 3-6); and

(d) Land Lot MK 27-99943L (formerly designated as MK 27 Lot 3-7).

6 The Siglap Land, which the plaintiff claims to be “ancestral” land owned by
Kassim since 1919 and soon thereafter established as a perpetual wakaf under
Syariah law, was a subject of the following events over the years:

(a) The making of an order on 25 April 1962 by the then Minister for Law and
Health pursuant to section 4 of the now repealed Muslim and Hindu Endowments
Ordinance (the “MHE Ordinance”), whereby inter alia the Siglap Land was to
vest in the Muslim and Hindu Endowments Board.

(b) The enactment of the Administration of Muslim Law Act (Act 27 of 1966)
(the “AMLA”), wherein section 6(2) provided that:

All property, movable or immovable, which was, immediately before 1st July
1968, vested in the Board established under the [MHE Ordinance] for purposes
relating to the Muslim religion or on trust for religious or charitable
purposes for the benefit of persons professing the Muslim religion shall, on
1st July 1968, without any conveyance, assignment or transfer whatever, vest
in the Majlis for the like title, estate or interest and in the like tenure
and for the like purposes as the same was vested or held immediately before
1st July 1968.

(c) The publication of a declaration under section 5 of the Land Acquisition
Act (Cap 152, 1985 Rev Ed) in the 27 November 1987 Government Gazette
Extraordinary, wherein it was declared that the Siglap Land is “needed for a
public purpose, viz.: General Development”.

(d) The making of entries, on behalf of the State, in the Index of Lands at
the Registry of Land Titles and Deeds on 21 February 1989, indicating that the
Siglap Land had vested in the State.

7 The plaintiff’s claims in the Action are basically framed as follows:

(a) that the State’s “purported” compulsory acquisition of the Siglap Land was
defective and void (the “Land Acquisition Challenge Claim”); and

(b) that title to the Siglap Land is vested in the estate of Zainal (the
“Title Claim”).

The Application

8 At the hearing of the Application, counsel for the plaintiff indicated that
the plaintiff wished to withdraw the parts of the Action that relate to the
Land Acquisition Challenge Claim. In this regard, counsel explained that:

(a) in the light of a recent case decision in Ahmad Kasim bin Adam (suing as
an administrator of the estate of Adam bin Haji Anwar and in his own personal
capacity) v Moona Esmail Tamby Merican s/o Mohamed Ganse and others [2019] 1
SLR 1185, the plaintiff has formed the view that the Land Acquisition
Challenge Claim should be dealt with by way of a judicial review proceedings
instead; and

(b) the Land Acquisition Challenge Claim is, in the plaintiff’s opinion,
dependent on the prior question of whether there is any merit in the Title
Claim – a question which should remain to be determined in the Action.

9 As a result, the substantive oral arguments at the hearing revolved largely
around the question of whether the Title Claim ought to be struck out under
Order 18 Rule 19(1) and/or the inherent jurisdiction of the court.

The defendants’ case for striking out

10 Insofar as the Title Claim is concerned, the main thrusts of the
defendants’ case for striking out are as follows:

(a) the plaintiff’s Endorsement of Claim and Statement of Claim (i) fail to
disclose a reasonable cause of action, and/or (ii) are scandalous, frivolous,
vexatious and/or an abuse of the process of the court; and

(b) the Action is time-barred under the doctrine of laches and acquiescence,
pursuant to the court’s equitable jurisdiction as statutorily preserved under
section 32 of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (the “Limitation
Act”).

11 In support of [10(a)] above, much of the arguments focussed on the
circumstances in which a perpetual wakaf under Syariah law was established in
respect of the Siglap Land, shortly after Kassim acquired an interest in fee
simple therein in 1919.

(a) In the Statement of Claim, the plaintiff alleges that on 19 January 1920,
Kassim and three other persons (who shall hereinafter be individually referred
to as “Oona Said”, “Pana Shaik” and “Ibrahim”) entered into an Indenture of
Deed (the “1920 Deed”), whereunder:

(i) Kassim, Oona Said and Pana Shaik became tenants-in-common holding shares
in the ratio of 21:3:2 respectively in the Siglap Land;

(ii) Kassim, Oona Said and Pana Shaik conveyed the Siglap Land to Kassim and
Ibrahim as joint tenants; and

(iii) Kassim and Ibrahim were to manage or superintend the management of the
Siglap Land “upon trust”, and permit the Siglap Land to be “appropriated and
used by the general public of the Mohamaden community in Singapore as a public
burial ground for Mohamedans under the name of Bukit Wakaff Siglap, according
to such rule and regulation as may from time to time be prescribed by them”.

(b) The plaintiff further alleges in the Statement of Claim that on 30 April
1921, a Deed of Settlement expressed to be supplemental to the 1920 Deed (the
“1921 Deed”) was entered into between Kassim and the same three persons (ie,
Oona Said, Pana Shaik and Ibrahim), wherein it was stated that the Siglap Land
“shall be a charitable property according to the custom or usage of Tanah
Wakaf”.

12 Counsel for the defendants submitted inter alia that by the plaintiff’s own
account in the Statement of Claim, Kassim would not have retained any
beneficial interest in the Siglap Land after both the 1920 Deed and 1921 Deed
were executed, as the terms of those Deeds did not reserve any beneficial
interest in the same to be vested in Kassim. In this regard, counsel
highlighted inter alia section 2 of the AMLA and Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura
v Saeed Salman and another [2016] 2 SLR 26 (at [34]), where a wakaf as
understood under domestic law is “the permanent dedication by a Muslim of any
movable or immovable property for any purpose recognised by the Muslim law as
pious, religious or charitable”, and a “foundation endowed in perpetuity”,
which “[i]n the eye of the law, the property belongs to God, and as such, the
dedication is both permanent and irrevocable”.

13 Counsel for the defendants further raised arguments addressing Zainal’s
conduct in his lifetime and his legal position vis-à-vis the Siglap Land.

14 Notably, counsel also invited the Court to accept the defendants’ case that
the Action is a “sham” and a “scam” perpetuated in bad faith by the plaintiff
in the hope of seeking a monetary pay out from the Government.

15 The defendants’ submissions in respect of the alleged time bar under the
doctrine of laches and acquiescence (see [10(b)] above) are as follows. The
defendants contend that Zainal’s failure to raise any claims over the decades
during his lifetime (be it in his personal capacity or in his capacity as
administrator of Kassim’s estate) amounted to an approval or acquiescence not
to pursue the claims that are now brought in the Action. The defendants
further claim to be prejudiced, given that information and evidence (including
Zainal’s testimony) that may be useful are now unavailable due to the delay,
and that it is unconscionable for the plaintiff to seek to “contradict the
positions taken by her grandfather and father since about 100 years ago, in
order to bring this [Action] in 2019”.

16 For completeness, the defendants also raised two further (and alternative)
grounds concerning time bar, namely:

(a) Time bar under section 9(1) of the Limitation Act, which provides that:

No action shall be brought by any person to recover any land after the
expiration of 12 years from the date on which the right of action accrued to
him or, if it first accrued to some person through whom he claims, to that
person.

(b) Time bar under section 22(2) of the Limitation Act, which provides that:

Subject to subsection (1), an action by a beneficiary to recover trust
property or in respect of any breach of trust, not being an action for which a
period of limitation is prescribed by any other provision of this Act, shall
not be brought after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the
right of action accrued.

17 However, it should be mentioned that these other grounds appear to be
couched in terms suggesting that they are addressing more the Land Acquisition
Challenge Claim than they are calculated to target the Title Claim
specifically. For instance, in the defendants’ written submissions, they
stated that the Action is time-barred under section 9(1) of the Limitation Act
“because by the time the [Action] was commenced on 1 February 2019, more than
12 years have passed since the Government took possession of the Siglap Land
and title was vested in the State” (emphasis added). Likewise on section 22(2)
of the Limitation Act, the defendants stated that “if (which is denied)
section 9(1) did not apply, then the [Action] was time-barred under section
22(2) of the Limitation Act by the time the [Action] was commenced on 1
February 2019 (as more than 6 years have passed since title to the Siglap Land
was vested in the State)” (emphasis added).

The plaintiff’s case resisting the striking out

18 The plaintiff did not tender any written submissions in respect of the
Application. In oral submissions, her counsel dedicated a significant amount
of time in the attempt to persuade this Court that because the dispute
concerns matters involving a wakaf under Islamic law, it is necessary for the
dispute to be adjudicated in a trial with expert evidence led from Islamic
jurists. This is in conjunction with what seems to be the plaintiff’s key
contention in the Title Claim, pleaded in the Statement of Claim as follows:

[…]

7 The effect of the 1920 Deed and the 1921 Deed by Kassim, Oona Said, Pana
Shaik and Ibrahim was to establish a perpetual wakaf under Syariah law.

8 However, under Syariah law, a wakaf may only be made in respect of up to
one-third of the property of the person making the same. To the extent that a
wakaf exceeds one-third, it is only valid in respect of up to one-third.

9 Accordingly, the wakaf purportedly created over the other two-thirds of the
Ancestral Siglap Land is invalid, and Kassim and Ibrahim, continued to hold an
interest in the same as joint tenants.

[…]

[emphasis in underline added]

19 Counsel for the plaintiff suggested that a court deciding the substantive
merits of this key contention should draw a distinction between the applicable
doctrines of the Hanafi school of Islam on the one hand, and those under the
other established schools of Islam on the other. In particular, counsel
contended that the former is the relevant school of Muslim law under which the
plaintiff’s key contention is to be assessed, citing inter alia the
plaintiff’s assertion that she belongs to the Hanafi school, as well as
documentary evidence in the form of an Inheritance Certificate previously
issued by the Syariah Court in respect of Zainal’s estate, stating that “THIS
CERTIFICATE OF INHERITANCE IS ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE HANAFI SCHOOL OF
MUSLIM LAW”. Counsel also adduced a couple of extracts from Muslim law
literature purportedly covered under section 114(1) of the AMLA, to suggest
that the doctrines of the Hanafi school would make good, in a substantive
hearing, the plaintiff’s key contention mentioned above.

20 In response to the defendants’ claim of time bar under the doctrine of
laches and acquiescence, the plaintiff disputes any suggestion that Zainal had
sufficient knowledge at the material time(s) as to warrant a finding that he
had, in the course of his life, approved or acquiesced in not pursuing the
claims that are now brought in the Action. In respect of the other time bar
claims (see [16]-[17] above), it was asserted that section 9(1) of the
Limitation Act is inapplicable as there is no recovery of land sought in the
Action, and that section 22(2) of the Limitation Act is not intended to apply
to wakafs (as distinct from trusts).

21 The plaintiff also denies the defendants’ attack on her bona fides in
bringing the Action, as outlined in [14] above.

The Court’s decision

Abuse of court process?

22 This Court will first deal with the defendants’ allegations regarding the
plaintiff’s bona fides in bringing the Action (see [14] above), in order to
determine whether those allegations constitute any basis for striking out in
the present case.

23 It is established that an action not brought bona fide for the purpose of
obtaining relief but for some ulterior or collateral purpose is liable to be
struck out for constituting an abuse of court process (see Lonrho Plc and
others v Fayed and others (No 5) [1993] 1 WLR 1489 (“Lonrho Plc v Fayed”) at
1502D, endorsed in Gabriel Peter & Partners v Wee Chong Jin [1997] 3 SLR(R)
649 (“Gabriel Peter”) at [22]). Nevertheless, for such a striking out to be
ordered, the case for striking out must be clear. As Stuart-Smith LJ opined in
Lonrho Plc v Fayed (at 1502D):

If an action is not brought bona fide for the purpose of obtaining relief but
for some ulterior or collateral purpose, it may be struck out as an abuse of
the process of the court. The time of the court should not be wasted on such
matters, and other litigants should not have to wait till they are disposed
of. It may be that the trial judge will conclude that this is the case here;
in which case he can dismiss the action then. But for the court to strike it
out on this basis at this stage it must be clear that this is the case. […]

[emphasis added]

24 In the present case, the defendants’ contentions in support of a striking
out on this ground can be summarised as follows:

(a) In the plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter of demand dated 28 December 2018,
the plaintiff demanded that the first defendant “takes all immediate and
necessary steps to restore the ownership of the Siglap Land” (emphasis added)
to the plaintiff, as if asserting rightful ownership over the whole of the
Siglap Land. Nothing in the letter of demand (including other previous
correspondence sent by or on behalf of the plaintiff on the same matter dating
back as early as 5 September 2017) evinced any assertion that the wakaf in
respect of the Siglap Land was invalid to any extent or at all.

(b) In the Endorsement of Claim in the Writ of Summons filed on 1 February
2019, nothing was also stated therein to put into issue the validity of the
wakaf to any extent or at all. In this regard, the contents of the Enforcement
of Claim only revealed, as the gravamen of the plaintiff’s complaint, that no
valid notice of the “purported” compulsory acquisition of the Siglap Land was
given to “inter alios Zainal”.

(c) It was only much later when the Statement of Claim was filed on 28 March
2019, that the plaintiff alleged – for the very first time – that the wakaf
was invalid to the extent of two-thirds, signifying her intention to assert a
two-thirds beneficial share in the Siglap Land in favour of Zainal’s estate.
This, according to the defendants, is inconsistent with what the plaintiff had
asserted in the letter of demand and Endorsement of Claim, and is symptomatic
of the plaintiff’s lack of bona fides in pursuing her claims against the
Government.

(d) The plaintiff had further been untruthful in claiming that prior to 2016
she and her family members were not aware that the Siglap Land had been
compulsorily acquired, despite having allegedly made several entries into the
Siglap Land over the years to maintain the premises. In this regard, the
defendants contended that there is ample evidence demonstrating, for example,
that the State had been making significant and noticeable improvements to the
premises ever since the Siglap Land was compulsorily acquired.

25 In this Court’s view, while several of these allegations, considered either
in combination with one another or as a whole, do give some pause to an
unquestioning acceptance of the plaintiff’s bona fides in the Action, they are
not sufficiently clear or probative enough – at this stage – to warrant an
absolute finding of bad faith as contended by the defendants. These
allegations, though concerning, are at best circumstantial. As such, this
Court does not find it appropriate to arrive at a determinative finding on
this point in the absence of a trial.

26 Granted, the plaintiff appears to demonstrate a propensity to change the
parameters of her substantive claims in the Action as the case unfolds (see
[8] above, and [34] below). However, this on its own falls shy of lending full
credence to the serious aspersions cast by the defendants on the plaintiff’s
bona fides.

27 In sum, this Court finds that the case for striking out on the ground of
abuse of court process has not been adequately made out.

Other grounds advanced for striking out under Order 18 Rule 19(1)

28 I now turn to assess whether the defendants have nevertheless succeeded in
establishing any other basis for striking out under Order 18 Rule 19(1) of the
Rules of Court.

Ground based on “no reasonable cause of action”

29 In the Application, the defendants have included “no reasonable cause of
action” as one of the bases for striking out. Bearing in mind Order 18 Rule
19(2) of the Rules of Court, read with Rule 19(1)(a) thereof, this Court finds
that the defendants have not succeeded on this ground.

30 In the Endorsement of Claim, it is clear that the plaintiff is seeking
relief based on the case that valid notice of the “purported” compulsory
acquisition of the Siglap Land was not given to “inter alios Zainal”. The
Statement of Claim, in turn, also quite comprehensibly presents the
plaintiff’s case as comprising both the Land Acquisition Challenge Claim and
the Title Claim. Short of a minute examination of the documentary material and
factual matrix, the claims do appear, on their face, to have “some chance of
success” (cf Gabriel Peter at [21], citing Drummond-Jackson v British Medical
Association [1970] 1 All ER 1094 (per Lord Pearson)). It thus cannot be said
that it is plain and obvious that a striking out is warranted under this
ground.

31 For completeness, it is noted that the defendants have, in the Application
summons, also stated as one of the grounds for striking out that “The
Plaintiff’s claims in this action cannot be made by way of a Writ of Summons”.
Although this seems to be suggesting that one or more of the claims in the
Action ought to be commenced by way of a judicial review proceedings instead
(see also [8(a)] above), this Court observes that the defendants have not
actively advanced detailed arguments on this in the course of the current
proceedings. As such, little weight was accorded to this ground in the Court’s
analysis.

Ground based on “scandalous, frivolous or vexatious”

32 I come now to the ground of “scandalous, frivolous or vexatious” under
Order 18 Rule 19(1)(b) of the Rules of Court, although for reasons that will
become apparent below, the focus is on the “frivolous or vexatious” limbs.

33 It is trite that the test of whether a claim or action should be struck out
under Order 18 Rule 19(1)(b) of the Rules of Court depends on whether the
claim or action is plainly or obviously unsustainable (see The “Bunga Melati”
5 [2012] 4 SLR 546 (“The Bunga Melati”) at [32]). A plainly or obviously
unsustainable claim or action is one which is either legally or factually
unsustainable (see The Bunga Melati at [39]).

34 In relation to the Title Claim, the plaintiff’s key contention as pleaded
in the Statement of Claim is that two-thirds of the wakaf is invalid, such
that Kassim and Ibrahim continued to hold a two-thirds interest in the Siglap
Land as joint tenants (see [18] above). In the Application, particularly at
the oral hearing, the plaintiff argued – again, for the first time – that the
Hanafi school of Islam is the relevant school of Muslim law under which the
contention would have to be assessed in a substantive hearing, relying on (a)
her own assertion that she belongs to the Hanafi school of Islam, (b) an
Inheritance Certificate previously issued by the Syariah Court in respect of
Zainal’s estate, and (c) extracts from Muslim law literature relating to
doctrines of the Hanafi school (see [19] above).

35 The point of the plaintiff’s argument, it appears, is to distinguish inter
alia past local case authorities (involving Muslims of the Shafi’i school of
Islam) where the Court of Appeal and the High Court recognised that while a
Muslim testator only has the power under Mohammedan Law to dispose of not more
than one-third of his property at the time of death, he has complete freedom
to dispose of all his property inter vivos (ie, during his lifetime) (see
Shafeeg bin Salim Talib and another v Fatimah bte Abud bin Talib and others
[2010] 2 SLR 1123 at [23]-[25]; Mohamed Ismail bin Ibrahim and another v
Mohammad Taha bin Ibrahim [2004] 4 SLR(R) 756 at [31]-[35] and [40]).

36 However, the plaintiff’s entire case in this regard is problematic for two
crucial reasons. First, there is clear and compelling historical evidence that
Kassim in fact belonged to the Shafi’i school of Islam. In the grant of letter
of administration in Kassim’s estate (see [3] above), the petition seeking the
grant stated in no uncertain terms that Kassim was himself “a Muslim of Shaffi
Sect”. The petition was furthermore signed off by Zainal (ie, Kassim’s only
child) stating that he “make oath and say that the contents of the foregoing
petition are to the best of my knowledge, information and belief in all
respect true”. Thus, as a matter of fact, court records indicate that Kassim
belonged to the Shafi’i school of Islam, as endorsed by the High Court under
Zainal’s oath. In this Court’s view, this constitutes far more concrete and
preponderant proof of Kassim’s affiliation to the Shafi’i school of Islam than
the plaintiff’s rather suppositive assertions would suggest otherwise.

37 Second, and in any case, it is common ground between the parties (and
indeed, an integral part of the plaintiff’s pleaded case) that the wakaf was
purportedly established by Kassim in his lifetime, as opposed to by way of a
testamentary disposition. Nothing in relation to the Application placed before
this Court (including the Muslim law literature specifically referred to by
the plaintiff’s counsel) actually suggests that a Hanafi Muslim’s freedom
under Islamic law to make an inter vivos disposition of property is to any
extent more limited than that enjoyed by a Shafi’i Muslim. Indeed, this became
increasingly apparent at the hearing as it progressed, where the plaintiff’s
counsel struggled, upon challenge by this Court, to draw the Court’s attention
to any statement in the Muslim law literature adduced that supported the
contention that the Hanafi school differed materially from the Shafi’i school
in this area of Islamic law.

38 Seen in the light of these difficulties, the Title Claim unravels itself as
a claim that could neither withstand evidential scrutiny, nor find any footing
or basis in the relevant area of Islamic law. This renders it a plainly and
obviously unsustainable claim. In other words, this is clearly not a claim in
respect of which court time and the State’s litigation resources should be
wasted on.

Time bar issues

39 Given the findings in [36]-[38] above, it is unnecessary for this Court to
address the issues concerning time bar vis-à-vis the Title Claim. The Court
will accordingly pass no comment on these issues.

40 This is similarly the case to the extent that any issues of time bar are
otherwise relevant to the Land Acquisition Challenge Claim, given the
plaintiff’s intention to withdraw the Land Acquisition Challenge Claim from
the Action (see [8] above).

Conclusion

41 The Action as a whole comprises two categories of claims, namely the Land
Acquisition Challenge Claim and the Title Claim (see [7] above). The plaintiff
has indicated that she wishes to withdraw the former on the basis that it
should be pursued separately by way of a judicial review proceedings.

42 The Title Claim, on the other hand, has for the reasons included in this
judgment been found to be plainly and obviously unsustainable (see [36]-[38]
above). This is even as the plaintiff seems to be moulding her case
progressively with time (see [24]-[26] above).

43 As a result, it is appropriate for the entire Action to be struck out, and
the Court so orders. Costs relating and incidental to the Application will be
determined after the Court has heard the parties’ costs submissions.

Colin Seow  
Assistant Registrar

Koh Li Qun Kelvin, Niklas Wong See Keat and Thara Rubini Gopalan (TSMP Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Khoo Boo Jin, Tang Shangjun, Szetoh Khai Hoe Terence and Jessie Lim (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

