Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 152

Suit No 375 of 2017

Between

Estate of Mrs Yang Chun Nee Sun Hui Min  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Yang Chia-Yin  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Trusts] — [Resulting trusts] — [Presumed resulting trusts]

[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts]

[Trusts] — [Breach of trust] – [Remedies]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Estate of Yang Chun (Mrs) née Sun Hui Min, deceased

  

v

  

Yang Chia-Yin

[2019] SGHC 152

High Court — Suit No 375 of 2017  
Ang Cheng Hock JC  
2-4, 10-11 January 2019; 22 February 2019

20 June 2019 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock JC:

Introduction

1 This case arises from a disagreement over the beneficial ownership of the
moneys in several joint bank accounts. The resolution of this dispute
ultimately depends on whether, in the circumstances of the case, the right of
survivorship operated, and what were the consequences that flowed from the
defendant’s actions in transferring the joint account moneys to his personal
accounts.

Facts

The parties

2 The plaintiff in this case is the estate of the late Mrs Yang Chun Nee Sun
Hui Min, who I will refer to as “Mdm Sun”. She passed away on 1 October 2016
at the age of 97. Mr Howard Chi Hao Sun (“Mr Sun”) is her nephew and her
estate’s sole executor and legal representative.

3 Mdm Sun had been married for over 50 years to Mr Jack Yang, also known as
Yang Chun (“Mr Yang”), who had predeceased her. Mr Yang passed away on 15 May
2012 at the age of 95. The defendant is his nephew and the sole executor and
legal representative of his estate. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) paras 1-4.

However, he is being sued in these proceedings in his personal capacity.

Background to the dispute

The family dynamic

4 Mr Yang emigrated to Singapore from Taiwan in 1969. He became a managing
director, director and shareholder of several companies here until he retired
at the age of 80. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Howard Sun’s (“Howard”) Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), HCHS-3.

He was not known to be a spendthrift and lived frugally. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 10 January 2019, p 41, line 10; NE, 2 January 2019,
p 36, lines 3-16.

Mdm Sun joined her husband in Singapore upon her retirement from her job in
Taiwan in 1971. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC para 4(ii).

She did not work after moving to Singapore.

5 The couple had no children of their own but they were close to the nephews
on both the Yang and Sun side of the family. In 1972, as a child, Mr Sun was
formally adopted by Mr Yang and Mdm Sun in Taiwan. He and his younger brother
re-located to Singapore and lived with the couple for a period of eight and
three years respectively. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Howard’s AEIC para 9.

Then, in 1982, at age 17, Mr Sun emigrated to the United States (“the US”) to
further his studies and live with his biological mother. His adoption by Mr
Yang and Mdm Sun was nullified for this purpose. However, they remained close
and he continued to visit Singapore once or twice a year to see his uncle and
aunt. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Looi Ah Mooi’s (“Looi”) AEIC para 9.

6 Sometime in the 1990s, the issue of Mr Sun’s nullified adoption resurfaced.
Mr Yang and Mdm Sun had considered emigrating to the US and it was agreed that
Mr Sun would sponsor their visa applications. Unfortunately, the couple had
forgotten that Mr Sun’s adoption had been nullified years before and did not
disclose this fact during the application process. Owing to this non-
disclosure, Mr Yang’s and Mdm Sun’s visa applications were denied. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Howard’s AEIC paras 14-16.

Mr Yang was greatly embarrassed by the incident and this became a sore topic
of conversation between him and Mr Sun whenever the latter visited Singapore.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Howard’s AEIC para 16.

7 The defendant emigrated to Singapore from Taiwan in 1972. He worked for his
uncle, Mr Yang, for 14 years until 1984 when he set up his own construction
business. However, he remained in contact with Mr Yang and Mdm Sun and
continued to visit them regularly. This was also the evidence of the couple’s
long serving domestic helper, Mdm Looi Ah Mooi (“Mdm Looi”). The defendant’s
two sons had dinner with the couple on a weekly basis. Following Mr Sun’s
departure to the US, the defendant’s family was the couple’s only close
relatives who resided in Singapore.

8 The couple were primarily cared for by Mdm Looi, who worked for them from
1982 until the time of Mdm Sun’s death in October 2016. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Looi’s AEIC para 4.

She was also referred to by the parties as “Lichoo”. During her period of
employment, Mdm Looi grew very close to Mr Yang and Mdm Sun, regarding the
latter like her own mother. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Looi’s AEIC para 4.

In 2009, Ms Ohmmar Thu (“Ms Ohmmar”) was hired as a second domestic helper to
help Mdm Looi look after the couple, who needed more assistance as they grew
older. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Looi’s AEIC paras 10-11.

Mr Yang and Mdm Sun’s assets

9 During their years living in Singapore, Mr Yang and Mdm Sun resided at their
apartment at 36 Tomlinson Road (the “Tomlinson Property”), which had been
purchased sometime around 1975. The Tomlinson Property was initially
registered in Mr Yang’s sole name but, in 2004, Mr Yang lodged an instrument
of transfer such that the defendant and Mdm Sun held the Tomlinson Property
with him as joint tenants. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

5 Agreed Bundle (“AB”) 4044.

There is no evidence that either Mdm Sun or the defendant provided any
consideration for this transfer. On Mr Yang’s death in 2012, it is not
disputed that ownership devolved to Mdm Sun and the defendant as joint tenants
pursuant to the right of survivorship.

10 Acting in his capacity as the lawful attorney of Mdm Sun, Mr Sun later took
steps to sever the joint tenancy, which was carried out on 26 April 2016. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Howard’s Supplementary AEIC para 4a.

After Mdm Sun’s death in October 2016, there were legal proceedings between
Mdm Sun’s estate and the defendant concerning whether the severance was
effective and whether the property should be sold. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Originating Summonses No. 496 of 2017 and 652 of 2017.

The High Court decided that the joint tenancy was severed and also granted the
order for a sale. Eventually, in January 2018, the defendant purchased Mdm
Sun’s estate’s half-share in the Tomlinson Property for S$1.3m and he is now
its sole owner. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) para 9.

11 While living in Singapore, Mr Yang and Mdm Sun opened bank accounts
together in Citibank, UOB and POSB. These accounts were in their joint names
and they were both signatories for the accounts. The joint accounts that are
relevant to these proceedings are:

(a) POSB Passbook Joint Savings Account No. 081-XXXXX-9 (the “POSB joint
account”);

(b) UOB Joint Current Account No. 357-XXX-XXX-8 (the “UOB joint account”);

(c) UOB Joint Bank Account No. 126-XXXXXX-1 (the “UOB time deposit account”);

(d) Citibank Joint SGD Maxisave (Base) Account No. 0-XXXXXX-028 (the “Citibank
joint account”); and

(e) Citibank Fixed Time Deposit Account No. 0000010XXXXXXX000030 (the
“Citibank time deposit account”).

At the time of Mr Yang’s death in May 2012, the UOB time deposit account was
no longer open. The defendant’s acts in relation to the moneys in these joint
accounts at UOB, Citibank and POSB are the subject of these proceedings, as
will be explained below.

12 As they grew older, Mr Yang and Mdm Sun became reliant on the defendant to
assist them in their financial affairs. In the mid-1990s, the defendant was
granted a mandate to operate the joint accounts with Citibank. This was
described by the parties as a “power of attorney” in Citibank’s standard form,
although the actual document that was executed by Mr Yang and Mdm Sun was a
“Letter of Authority Application Form” that was undated. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Yang’s AEIC, p 51.

13 In the mid-2000s, the defendant was granted a mandate to operate the joint
accounts with UOB. The document granting this mandate was not produced by the
defendant in these proceedings. Around that time, Mr Yang also entrusted the
defendant with the passbook for the POSB joint account passbook so that he
could use the passbook for “deposit and drawing”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

3AB 1696.

The defendant explained in his evidence that he was only able to deposit
moneys into the POSB joint account but he could not withdraw any moneys from
it. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE, 4 January 2019, p 35, lines 28-32; p 38, lines 27-29.

This is disputed by Mr Sun. I will deal with this point later in my judgment.

14 The defendant was given access to these accounts to assist Mr Yang “in
certain (and not all) financial matters”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Yang’s AEIC para 43.

Given their close relationship, Mr Yang reposed a significant degree of trust
and confidence in the defendant to assist the couple with their affairs. By
2010, the defendant had taken on sole responsibility for managing Mr Yang’s
and Mdm Sun’s living expenses. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Yang’s AEIC para 8.

Mdm Looi and Ms Ohmmar received reimbursements for their household
expenditures by presenting their receipts to the defendant. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Yang’s AEIC para 57.

This was done weekly.

15 Besides granting these mandates to operate the joint accounts, Mr Yang also
provided the defendant with information about bank accounts which had been set
up by Mr Yang and Mdm Sun in their names, and also in the names of their
relatives, including the defendant’s siblings, Mr Yang Chia-Ling and Mdm Lin
Yang Min. He wrote letters to the defendant dated 21 August 1996 and 11 May
2005 setting out these accounts. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

3AB 1692-1695.

This was for the defendant’s “information and retention”. Quite obviously,
this was to ensure that the defendant was aware of the couple’s finances in
case anything should happen to them. In another letter dated 14 September
2009, Mr Yang also informed the defendant of other assets owned by the couple,
including the details of a safe deposit box in Taiwan, jewellery, precious
items and other valuables. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

3AB 1698-1704.

16 In addition to the joint accounts, the couple also held personal bank
accounts in Taiwan and joint bank accounts in the US. This is relevant because
Mdm Sun’s savings from the time she worked in Taiwan were remitted to
Singapore in two tranches from her Taiwanese bank accounts to the UOB time
deposit account 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Hsu Chih-Chi’s (“Hsu”) AEIC, HCC-1.

:

(a) a sum of US$261,000 on or about 15 October 2007; 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

2AB 1638-1639; Hsu’s AEIC, HCC-1 p 7; Hsu’s AEIC para 6.

and

(b) a sum of US$157,000 on or about 19 November 2007. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

2AB 1640-1641; Hsu’s AEIC, HCC1 p 8; Hsu’s AEIC para 6.

17 These transfers were overseen by Ms Hsu Chih-Chi (“Ms Hsu”). Ms Hsu was the
personal assistant of Mdm Sun’s brother-in-law in Taiwan, one Mr Fan. She was
instructed by Mr Yang and Mdm Sun to remit the moneys from Mdm Sun’s Cathay
United bank accounts (Account No. 020-50-XXXXXX-8 and 201-50-XXXXXX-4). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Hsu’s AEIC para 6.

Ms Hsu had also earlier remitted a sum of US$12,070 from Mdm Sun’s account on
or about 20 June 2007. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

2AB 1636-1637, Hsu’s AEIC, HCC-1 p 6; Hsu’s AEIC para 5.

This was on the instructions of Mr Fan. Ms Hsu was informed that Mr Yang and
Mdm Sun had previously made an investment in Mr Fan’s company and he was now
returning that sum to them first by payment into one of Mdm Sun’s Cathay
United bank accounts, and then to the UOB time deposit account. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Hsu’s AEIC para 5.

Mr Yang’s will

18 On 29 November 2007, at the age of 90, Mr Yang made a will (“the Will”)
which appointed the defendant as the sole executor of his estate. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Howard’s AEIC, HCHS-6; 2AB 830.

In the Will, Mr Yang set aside a sum of S$300,000 for the maintenance of Mdm
Sun:

2\. I give to my Trustee a sum of Singapore Dollars Three Hundred Thousand
(S$300,000.00) to hold the same in trust for the care and maintenance of my
wife MRS YANG CHUN nee SUN HUI-MIN … during her lifetime and thereafter the
balance of such sum, if any, to my Trustee absolutely. [emphasis in original]

He bequeathed the remainder of his assets to be distributed amongst the
defendant and the defendant’s two siblings. Mr Yang did not specifically refer
to the joint accounts in the Will. Mr Sun and other members of Mdm Sun’s
family were not included as beneficiaries.

19 At the time of the making of the Will, a bank statement from UOB produced
in evidence showed that the UOB joint account had a balance of S$2,163,797.3.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

2AB 941.

The defendant did not disclose the bank statement from Citibank for November
2007, but the bank statement of 31 December 2003, which was closest in time to
when the Will was made, showed that the couple had a total of S$1,313,053.11
in the Citibank joint account in savings and fixed-income investments. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

2AB 1069-1074.

The events following Mr Yang’s death

20 Less than four and a half years after the making of the Will, Mr Yang
passed away on 15 May 2012. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

2AB 833.

Seven days later, on 22 May 2012, the defendant carried out the following
transactions in relation to the joint accounts at UOB and Citibank: 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Yang’s AEIC paras 45-47; NE, 4 January 2019, p 11, line 11.

(a) he transferred S$247,000 from the UOB joint account to his personal UOB
Account No. 208-XXX-XXX-8 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

2AB 943.

;

(b) he transferred S$68,000 from the Citibank joint account to his personal
Citibank Account No. 0011XXXX15 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

2AB 1342; 2AB 1091.

;

(c) he prematurely terminated the Citibank time deposit account of S$200,000
which would have otherwise matured on 30 July 2012 and deposited this sum into
the Citibank joint account; 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

2AB 1336.

and

(d) he transferred S$200,000 from the Citibank joint account to his personal
Citibank Account No. 0011XXXX15. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

2AB 1342; 2AB 1091.

In total, a sum of at least S$515,000 was moved from the joint accounts to the
defendant’s personal accounts, which were held with his wife. It is not in
dispute that the defendant did not obtain Mdm Sun’s consent to the said
withdrawals. In fact, both parties are in agreement that the defendant could
not have obtained Mdm Sun’s consent because she lacked mental capacity at the
time of Mr Yang’s death. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE, 2 January 2019, p 7, lines 14-17.

21 It is also common ground that the defendant did not inform UOB or Citibank
that Mr Yang had passed away when he gave instructions for the above transfers
to be carried out. He only informed the respective banks of Mr Yang’s death
more than a month later on 6 July 2012 when he needed their assistance to
apply for the grant of probate for the Will. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

2AB 946-947.

The grant of probate was applied for on 25 July 2012 and was granted on 25
September 2012. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

2AB 833.

22 Following Mr Yang’s death, the defendant assumed primary care of Mdm Sun.
He visited her once every one to two weeks to check in on her and pay for the
groceries and household expenses. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Looi’s AEIC para 18.

Mr Sun and members of the Sun family, who did not live in Singapore, trusted
that the defendant would look after Mdm Sun. The defendant had informed them
that Mr Yang had left a sum of S$300,000 for Mdm Sun’s care and maintenance.
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Howard’s AEIC para 28.

On this basis, the Sun family did not raise questions the existing care
arrangements for Mdm Sun. The defendant initially refused to show Mr Sun and
the Sun family the Will on the basis that they were not beneficiaries. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE, 2 January 2019, p 49, lines 14-18.

23 In July 2012, Mr Sun’s brother visited Singapore. During this visit, the
defendant showed him a copy of the Will and also handed over the seal and
passbooks for Mdm Sun’s Taiwanese bank accounts. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Howard’s AEIC para 43; NE, 10 January 2019, p 45, lines 2-12.

He did not share any further information about Mdm Sun’s assets. Mdm Sun’s
extended family was thus under the impression that Mdm Sun had no assets in
Singapore. Mr Sun only discovered that this was untrue when he directed
lawyers to conduct a land register search on the Tomlinson Property. The
search revealed that the Tomlinson Property was held as a joint tenancy with
Mdm Sun and the defendant. This aroused Mr Sun’s suspicions as to the
defendant’s motives and he began to take a more active role in Mdm Sun’s
affairs. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Howard’s AEIC para 44.

24 As she aged, Mdm Sun had become weaker and less mobile. She had suffered a
stroke in early 2002 and eventually lost the ability to walk by August 2009.
47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Looi’s AEIC paras 6-8.

She suffered from a number of other medical conditions, began exhibiting signs
of dementia and became increasingly unresponsive. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE, 3 January, p 10, lines 17 to page 11 line 1.

When Mr Sun returned to Singapore in August 2012, he was alarmed to discover
Mdm Sun in a semi-vegetative state. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE, 2 January 2019 p 51, lines 11-14.

He found that her condition had visibly deteriorated since Mr Yang’s funeral a
few months earlier. Whilst the defendant had retained the family’s doctor, Dr
Lee Keng Thon (“Dr Lee”), to look after Mdm Sun, Mr Sun was concerned that the
defendant was not sufficiently addressing his aunt’s medical needs. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Howard’s AEIC paras 29 and 30.

25 He discovered that Mdm Sun was being prescribed medication by Dr Lee
without any physical examination. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Howard’s AEIC para 30.

Mr Sun was also informed by Mdm Looi of other instances of inadequate care. In
September 2012, Mr Sun decided to engage Dr Madeline Chew (“Dr Chew”) to treat
Mdm Sun. The defendant was strongly opposed to Mdm Sun being treated by Dr
Chew because he said that it was unnecessary. Subsequently, however, in
Originating Summons No 205 of 2013 (“OS 205/2013”), which is described below
at [30] to [34], Lai Siu Chiu J accepted that Mdm Sun demonstrated
considerable improvement under Dr Chew’s care. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

1AB 781, para 32 of Grounds of Decision of Lai Siu Chiu J in OS 205/2013.

26 After Mdm Sun’s condition improved, on 17 October 2012 and 3 December 2012
respectively, she executed a Power of Attorney (“POA”) and Lasting Power of
Attorney (“LPA”) in favour of Mr Sun. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

3AB 1708, 1750.

Mr Sun was appointed as her sole attorney and/or donee to conduct, manage and
make decisions on her behalf in respect of matters relation to her personal
welfare, property and affairs. The defendant was informed of Mr Sun’s
appointment as Mdm Sun’s attorney in December 2012.

Prior related proceedings

27 Prior to the commencement of these proceedings, parties were involved in
several other related legal proceedings. The outcomes of two of these
proceedings are somewhat relevant to my judgment and I therefore set them out
below.

Originating Summons Family No 9 of 2013

28 On 11 January 2013, the defendant filed Originating Summons Family No 9 of
2013 (“OSF 9/2013”) seeking an order to set aside the LPA executed in favour
of Mr Sun on two grounds. He argued that Mdm Sun lacked capacity at the
material time and that Mr Sun was not acting in her best interests. Numerous
expert witnesses were called by both parties, particularly to give evidence on
the issue of Mdm Sun’s mental capacity. Amongst them were Dr Lee and Dr Chew.
Video evidence of Mdm Sun was also considered to assess her ability to
understand and respond to questions.

29 In those proceedings, the District Judge made several important findings as
to Mdm Sun’s mental capacity and the validity of Mr Sun’s LPA (see TEB v TEC
[2015] SGFC 54 (“TEB”)) 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

1AB 269.

:

(a) A person’s mental capacity could fluctuate and a finding that they lacked
capacity at one point in time did not mean that they lacked capacity at all
times and in regard to all issues. This is a fact recognised by the Mental
Capacity Act (Cap 177A, 2010 Rev Ed) (“MCA”) (at [38] and [251]).

(b) There was a strong likelihood that the medication prescribed by Dr Lee to
Mdm Sun had, “at one or more points in time, caused [Mdm Sun] to appear to
lack (or have reduced) mental capacity as opposed to actually lacking mental
capacity” (at [238]).

(c) The appearance of a lack of capacity was also likely to have been caused
by Mdm Sun’s other untreated medical conditions which included hypertension,
hyponatremia, renal impairment and Parkinson’s disease (at [239] - [243]).

(d) That being said, there was evidence (ie, the videos of Mdm Sun) which
suggested that there had been a degree of impairment in Mdm Sun’s cognitive
ability (at [249]). However, the defendant had failed to prove that Mdm Sun
had definitely lacked capacity at the time of the LPA’s execution,
particularly in light of the assumption of capacity under s 3(2) of the MCA
(at [263]).

(e) The defendant had also failed to demonstrate that Mr Sun had behaved in a
way detrimental to Mdm Sun’s interests (at [300], [329]).

Accordingly, the District Judge dismissed the defendant’s application and the
LPA was not revoked. The defendant’s appeal against this decision was
dismissed by the High Court.

Originating Summons No 205 of 2013

30 Following his efforts to improve the medical care of his aunt in the second
half of 2012, Mr Sun incurred medical expenses which he sought to recover from
the defendant. This was on the basis of his belief that Mr Yang had set aside
the sum of S$300,000 in the Will for the care and maintenance of Mdm Sun.

31 Mr Sun’s solicitors initially wrote to the defendant on 10 December 2012
detailing expenses amounting to $9,864.13. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Howard’s AEIC, HCHS-10 page 2.

Mr Sun’s requests for reimbursement were refused. In the meantime, he
continued to incur further costs on behalf of Mdm Sun. On 4 March 2013, in his
capacity as Mdm Sun’s attorney, Mr Sun commenced OS 205/2013 against the
defendant to claim reimbursement of sums he had incurred in the care and
treatment of Mdm Sun out of the S$300,000 that had been set aside by the late
Mr Yang. He also sought to enforce Mdm Sun’s right to her share of the
Tomlinson Property. The defendant had failed to lodge Mr Yang’s “Notice of
Death” with the Singapore Land Authority (“SLA”) to ensure that the land
register was updated to reflect Mdm Sun’s and the defendant’s entitlement to
the Tomlinson Property as joint tenants. These proceedings were opposed by the
defendant on the basis that Mdm Sun was mentally incapacitated and could not
have validly authorised Mr Sun to act as her attorney (see OSF 9/2013).

32 On 23 July 2013, Lai Siu Chiu J made, inter alia, the following interim
orders (see Mrs Yang Chun nee Sun Hui Min v Yang Chia Yin [2014] 1 SLR 1 (“Mrs
Yang Chun”) at [3]) 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

1AB 772.

:

(a) the defendant was to pay Mdm Sun’s solicitors S$100,000 to defray her
future medical expenses and reimburse Mr Sun the sum of S$52,202.53 that had
already been incurred by him by the time of the hearing; and

(b) the defendant was to lodge with the SLA the instrument of transmission
upon death to transfer Mr Yang’s share in the Tomlinson Property to himself
and Mdm Sun as joint tenants.

33 In so doing, Lai J made several findings which are of note for these
proceedings. She found that Dr Lee had abrogated his duties as a medical
doctor by taking instructions from the defendant on Mdm Sun’s care (Mrs Yang
Chun at [30]). This view was shared by the District Judge in TEB who expressed
concerns that Dr Lee had written prescriptions for Mdm Sun without even seeing
her (at [105] and [108]). Lai J also found that Mdm Sun’s condition showed a
marked improvement as a result of the treatment of Dr Chew. Mr Sun was not
motivated by self-interest in arranging for Mdm Sun’s medical treatment (Mrs
Yang Chun at [32]). In contrast, the defendant had failed to discharge his
duties as executor of Mr Yang’s estate. The Will “did not confer on the
defendant a carte blanche to care for [Mdm Sun] as he deemed fit” (Mrs Yang
Chun at [33]). Lastly, Lai J found that more appropriate steps could have and
should have been taken to improve Mdm Sun’s physical and mental well-being
(Mrs Yang Chun at [34]).

34 Lai J’s interim order was varied by Judith Prakash J, as she then was, on
23 October 2013, limiting Mr Sun to claim S$5,000 per month on a reimbursement
basis up to the amount of S$100,000, which was to be held by the defendant’s
solicitors. The sum of S$52,202.53 that was ordered by Lai J to be paid as
reimbursement to Mr Sun was never paid by the defendant, as Prakash J stayed
the order, pending the defendant’s appeal against Lai J’s order.

35 Mdm Sun’s medical expenses subsequently exceeded this sum. Mr Sun claimed
the full sum of S$100,000 and incurred a further S$222,356.63. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Howard’s AEIC, para 35, HCHS-14.

Once again, the defendant refused to reimburse him for these costs. The
defendant was also reticent about providing an account of how he had allegedly
incurred an amount of about S$200,000 for the care and maintenance of Mdm Sun.
58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Howard’s AEIC, para 36.

36 In August 2016, after repeated requests, the defendant furnished Mr Sun
with a copy of his personal handwritten records in Chinese detailing his
expenditure for Mdm Sun’s care and maintenance. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Yang’s AEIC, YCY-10; Howard’s AEIC, HCHS-15.

No supporting receipts and invoices were provided until discovery of these was
given in the present proceedings. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Howard’s AEIC, para 36.

37 Also, at around that time, Mr Sun obtained a copy of the Schedule of Assets
filed by the defendant when he obtained probate for Mr Yang’s estate. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Howard’s AEIC, HCHS-19; 2AB 831.

The Schedule of Assets listed the various joint accounts with UOB, Citibank
and POSB as Mr Yang’s assets, describing simply as “Joint A/c” without mention
as to who the joint account holder was. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

2AB 831.

This was how Mr Sun came to be aware of the existence of the joint accounts.
He subsequently came to know that these accounts had been held jointly with
Mdm Sun. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Howard’s AEIC, para 46.

38 Mdm Sun passed away on October 2016. In April 2017, the defendant’s appeal
against Lai J’s order was withdrawn and OS 205/2013 was discontinued. I pause
to observe that, during the course of those proceedings, and in OSF 9/2013,
the defendant represented that the moneys which he had expended for Mdm Sun’s
care had been from the sum of S$300,000 set aside by Mr Yang for Mdm Sun’s
benefit. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Affidavit of Yang Chia Yin filed on 29 April 2013 in OSF 9/2013 paras 12,
26-27; 1AB 446 para 27; Affidavit of Yang Chia Yin filed on 29 August 2013 in
Summons No 4529 of 2013 para 21.

Hence, the orders by the Court, as described above, all proceeded on the basis
that there was a separate sum of S$300,000 which Mr Yang had provided from his
own funds and for which the defendant was responsible for administering to
take care of Mdm Sun. There was no disclosure of the fact that the S$300,000
in the hands of the defendant in fact came from the joint accounts at UOB and
Citibank, which were held in the names of Mr Yang and Mdm Sun.

The plaintiff’s case

39 In these proceedings, Mr Sun claims on behalf of Mdm Sun’s estate for the
return of the sum of S$518,277.79 comprising the sum of S$515,000 withdrawn
from the joint accounts with Citibank and UOB in May 2012 and an amount of
approximately S$3,277 that went missing primarily from the POSB joint account
after Mr Yang passed away. He claims that the defendant had dishonestly
misappropriated these moneys, which rightfully belonged to Mdm Sun.

40 First, he argues that that the moneys in the joint accounts with UOB and
Citibank were beneficially owned by Mdm Sun upon Mr Yang’s passing. While Mr
Yang was still alive, the moneys in the joint accounts were jointly owned by
the couple. Mdm Sun had also contributed to these moneys from her own funds
from Taiwan. These had been remitted by Ms Hsu from Mdm Sun’s Taiwanese bank
accounts to the UOB time deposit account. When Mr Yang died, the ownership of
the moneys in the joint accounts devolved to Mdm Sun on the basis of
survivorship. Even if the presumption of resulting trust were found in favour
of Mr Yang’s estate, the presumption of advancement would have arisen in Mdm
Sun’s favour. On the evidence, this presumption has not been rebutted by the
defendant.

41 Secondly, Mr Sun argues that the defendant was aware that the moneys in the
joint accounts were beneficially owned by Mdm Sun. In spite of this, he dealt
with the moneys in the joint accounts without her consent. This was
unconscionable conduct which made him a constructive trustee of the sums
withdrawn. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PCS paras 202-205.

Moreover, the defendant also voluntarily assumed the position of a trustee by
representing to the Sun family that he was Mdm Sun’s guardian. This made him
subject to the same duties as an express trustee. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PCS paras 199-201.

42 Next, Mr Sun contends that the defendant breached his duties by failing to
return the amounts withdrawn from the joint accounts to Mdm Sun’s estate. He
also wrongfully withheld details of Mdm Sun’s ownership of the moneys in the
joint accounts from the Sun family, representing that she had limited assets
in Singapore. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PCS para 215.

43 Mr Sun asserts that the defendant is not entitled to justify his actions on
the basis that he was complying with the terms of the Will. The joint accounts
did not form part of Mr Yang’s estate and the defendant therefore had no right
to deal with them in his capacity as executor of Mr Yang’s estate. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PCS para 294(a).

Lastly, although the defendant had been granted mandates in respect of the
joint accounts with Citibank and UOB, this did not give him the authority to
act on Mdm Sun’s behalf because, at the time of the transfers and withdrawals,
which came days after Mr Yang’s death, it is not in dispute that Mdm Sun was
mentally incapacitated. Hence, the mandates that she had given to the
defendant to operate the joint accounts would have terminated by then.

44 In the alternative, Mr Sun claims that the defendant has been unjustly
enriched through his appropriation of the moneys in the joint accounts. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCS para 294(e).

The defendant’s case

45 In his evidence, the defendant did not dispute that he withdrew the moneys
from the joint accounts after Mr Yang’s death. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE, 4 January 2019, p 20, lines 1-2; Defendant’s written submissions para 9.

His primary argument is that he was entitled to deal with the moneys in the
joint accounts as these formed part of Mr Yang’s estate. The moneys in those
accounts were held on resulting trust by Mdm Sun for Mr Yang’s estate. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defendant’s written submissions para 93.

This presumption of resulting trust arose on the basis that Mdm Sun had had
limited control over the joint accounts and was not involved in the management
of her own financial affairs. It was Mr Yang who had primarily been in charge
of the couple’s finances and there was thus an intention on his part to retain
his beneficial interest in the moneys in the joint accounts.

46 The transactions which were executed in respect of the joint accounts were
all premised on the defendant complying with the terms of the Will. He
required funds to pay for Mr Yang’s funeral expenses and to ensure that Mdm
Sun continued to receive appropriate care. His evidence under cross-
examination was that the joint accounts with Citibank and UOB were the only
source of funds from which he could draw since he had been granted mandates to
operate those accounts. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE, 4 January 2019, p 22, lines 23-29.

This authorised him to deal with the joint accounts without consent from Mr
Sun or Mdm Sun. She was mentally incapacitated at the material time and the
defendant had to act on her behalf.

47 Moreover, whatever the defendant took out of the joint accounts was for the
benefit of Mdm Sun. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE, 2 January 2019, p 28, lines 19-20.

He had no ulterior motives in his expenditure in the care and upkeep of Mdm
Sun, and he kept a book of accounts detailing the moneys he had spent, with
supporting receipts.

48 Of the S$515,000 he admits to have withdrawn from the Citibank and UOB
joint accounts, the defendant claims to still hold the sum of S$193,133.30. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Yang’s AEIC paras 45-52.

The rest was spent on Mdm Sun while she was still alive. The defendant’s
position is that the remaining sum of S$193,133.30 belongs to him and his
siblings, as provided by the late Mr Yang in the Will.

49 The defendant also claims that he did not misrepresent to the Sun family
that Mdm Sun had no assets to her name. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Howard’s AEIC para 28.

Issues to be determined

50 In my view, the crux of the parties’ dispute turns on whether I find that
the moneys in the joint accounts belonged to Mdm Sun after Mr Yang passed
away. If the answer to that question is in the affirmative, then the only
substantive questions that remain to be answered are whether the defendant is
obliged to return the moneys to Mdm Sun’s estate because he held the moneys
subject to a constructive trust or whether he is excused from doing so because
(i) he honestly believed that the moneys in the joint account belonged to Mr
Yang solely, and (ii) he used a significant portion of the withdrawn sums for
the care and maintenance of Mdm Sun while she was alive.

Ownership of the moneys in the joint accounts

51 It is not disputed that, following Mr Yang’s death, the defendant made
several transactions in respect of the joint accounts with Citibank and UOB
(see [20] above). The parties’ disagreement centres on who was the beneficial
owner of the moneys in those joint accounts after Mr Yang’s death. The
defendant’s case is that the moneys in the joint accounts belonged
beneficially to Mr Yang’s estate and that Mdm Sun thus held the moneys in the
joint accounts on trust for his estate. In contrast, Mr Sun argues that Mdm
Sun was the beneficial owner of the moneys in the joint accounts by reason of
the operation of survivorship.

Relevant legal principles

52 I begin with a survey of the relevant legal principles. There are two types
of concurrent interests over property in Singapore - the joint tenancy and the
tenancy in common. Joint tenancy refers to a form of co-ownership where
parties own the entire interest in property devoid of “shares”. A hallmark of
joint tenancy is the right of survivorship. Upon the death of a joint tenant,
the surviving joint tenant(s) will take the entire interest in the property.
This is a convenient mechanism which does away with the need for a will or
other formalities. The operation of the right of survivorship also has
important implications as to how joint tenants may deal with their property. A
joint tenant may dispose of their interest during their lifetime, effecting a
severance of the joint tenancy to create a tenancy in common. However, a joint
tenant may not devise their interest in their will because the right of
survivorship takes precedence over testamentary dispositions (Tang Hang Wu and
Kelvin FK Low, Tan Sook Yee’s Principles of Land Law (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed,
2009) at [9.8]).

53 The principles of survivorship are equally applicable to joint bank
accounts (per Warren L H Khoo J in Tan Seng Pow v Tan Seng Hock [1992] SGHC
104 (“Tan Seng Pow”)). In that case, there was a dispute as to the ownership
of moneys in a joint bank account. The deceased had opened the account with
the defendant, one of her children. After the deceased passed away, her
remaining children claimed that the sums of over S$24,000 in the account were
held on trust for the benefit of her estate. Khoo J accepted the defendant’s
submission that, in the case of a joint account, the survivor would be
presumed to take the whole benefit of the account in the absence of a contrary
intention. On the evidence, such an intention was not established. It was
clear that the deceased had intended the defendant to be the sole beneficiary.
The reasoning in Tan Seng Pow was affirmed by Prakash J, as she then was, in
Collars Muriel Esther de Jesus and Another v Sandra Audrey Jude Collars [2008]
SGHC 110 at [30]; in the case of a joint bank account, there is a presumption
“that the survivor [takes] the whole of the benefit of the account in the
absence of a contrary intention”. Further, Prakash J found that the onus would
be on the person challenging this right of survivorship to demonstrate such a
contrary intention.

54 It follows that where such a contrary intention can be shown, the rule of
survivorship may be displaced by a resulting trust or a presumed resulting
trust. A resulting trust will arise where there has been a transfer of
property in circumstances where the deceased did not intend to benefit the
survivor. There is nothing before me which indicates that there was a clear
intention by Mr Yang to retain beneficial ownership of the joint accounts. As
shall be seen below (at [67]–[68]), the circumstantial facts are equivocal. In
the absence of any direct evidence of Mr Yang’s intentions, a resulting trust
would have no application in the present case.

55 This leaves the presumption of resulting trust. The presumption of
resulting trust operates where there has been a transfer of property to the
survivor for which they have not provided the whole of the consideration (Lau
Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terrence and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 (“Lau Siew
Kim”) at [35] citing Robert Chambers, Resulting Trusts (Clarendon Press,
Oxford, 1997) at p 32) and there is no evidence before the court which
“adequately reveals the true intention of the transferor” (Su Emmanuel v
Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and another [2016] 3 SLR 1222 at [79]). The
deceased’s lack of intention to benefit the survivor is inferred. Lord Browne-
Wilkinson provided an illustration of the presumption’s operation in
Westdeutche Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington London Borough Council [1996]
AC 669 (“Westdeutche”) at 708. The judge observed that:

… where A makes a voluntary payment to B or pays (wholly or in part) for the
purchase of property which is vested either in B alone or in the joint names
of A and B, there is a presumption that A did not intend to make a gift to B:
the money or property is held on trust for A (if he is the sole provider of
the money) or in the case of a joint purchase by A and B in shares
proportionate to their contributions.

Where the presumption of resulting trust arises, the burden of proof shifts
such that “the [deceased] is presumed to have intended to retain the
beneficial ownership” of the property (per Abella J in Pecore v Pecore (2007)
279 DLR (4th) 513 (“Pecore”) at [81]). Consequently, if this presumption is
not displaced, the survivors hold the property on trust for the deceased’s
estate.

56 The rationale behind the application of the presumed resulting trust in
cases of joint tenancies was discussed by the Court of Appeal in Lau Siew Kim.
The Court noted at [83] that the operation of survivorship “has the effect of
divesting a deceased joint tenant of his unsevered interest and giving the
survivor the entirety of the estate, producing a disproportionate effect”
(citing Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 9(2) (LexisNexis, 2003) at para
110.026). This goes against the equitable maxim, equality is equity. A tenancy
in common is comparatively fairer to co-owners as they hold their beneficial
interests in proportion to their respective contributions to the property’s
purchase price. Therefore, the general position is that, in the absence of an
express declaration, contrary intention or equal monetary contribution by the
parties, “legal joint tenants (…) will be presumed to hold that property as
beneficial tenants in common of shares proportionate to their contribution to
the acquisition of that property” (Lau Siew Kim at [83]). A surviving joint
tenant would hold the deceased’s share of the property on trust for his
estate.

57 That being said, the Court in Lau Siew Kim pointed out that the presumption
of resulting trust should not be applied mechanically. There may be situations
where, on an evaluation of the facts, the presumption clearly does not reflect
the reality of the parties’ intentions. The Court thus held that the strength
of the presumption has to be accorded varying weight depending on the
particular circumstances of each case (at [46]). For instance, in respect of
married couples who have contributed jointly to the purchase of a property,
the strength of the presumption would generally be weaker because there is a
presumptive inference that spouses also intend to hold property as joint
tenants in equity (at [101]).

58 There are other means of circumventing the presumption of resulting trust,
which is a rebuttable presumption of law (Lau Siew Kim at [46]). In certain
circumstances, the deceased (the transferor) may be regarded as having made a
gift to the recipient, with no intention to retain an interest in the property
concerned. This is the presumption of advancement. This presumption is only
relevant where a presumed resulting trust has already been found on the facts,
with the former operating to displace the latter (Lau Siew Kim at [57]). If
applicable, it shifts the burden of proof back to the party who challenges the
transfer to the surviving recipient.

59 There are certain types of relationships, such as the transfers of property
from husband to wife and from father to child, which attract the presumption
of advancement (Lau Siew Kim at [60]). The courts have accepted that, within
these established categories of relationships, transfers of property are
intended to be gifts in favour of the recipient. Although limited in number,
the scope of these categories has been judicially expanded over time to
accommodate shifting social realities and practices.

60 However, these modifications have been criticised as not being drastic
enough. The spousal presumption does not extend to transfers from wives to
their husbands. This ignores the fact that many women are financially
independent and often make significant monetary contributions in acquiring
property with the intention that the property should be held jointly in
equity. Unmarried cohabiting couples are also excluded from the presumption’s
ambit. These criticisms were considered by the Court in Lau Siew Kim which
held that the presumption of advancement nevertheless remained relevant. It
accepted, however, that the application of the presumption had to be refined
to accommodate contemporary norms. Like the presumption of resulting trust,
the Court held that the strength of the presumption should vary according to
the individual circumstances of each case (at [77]). This would allow a court
to more accurately give effect to the parties’ intentions. A weaker
presumption of advancement will be more easily displaced if there is
sufficient evidence to rebut it.

61 In considering what individual circumstances courts should take into
account, the Court expanded on the dicta in Low Gim Siah and others v Low Geok
Khim and another [2007] 1 SLR(R) 795 (“Low Gim Siah”), where Chan Sek Keong CJ
considered what effect the degree of the recipient’s financial independence
would have on the strength of the presumption of advancement (at [43]–[44]).
The Court of Appeal in Lau Siew Kim determined that financial independence was
a relevant factor but was just one of several to consider. It endorsed a fact-
sensitive inquiry, taking into consideration all the circumstances of the
case. There were two key elements to consider in guiding this inquiry (at
[78]):

(a) A court should first look at the nature of the relationship between the
parties (eg, the obligation that one party has to another).

(b) Secondly, the court should consider the state of the relationship (eg,
whether the parties were in a close or distant relationship).

62 The decision in Lau Siew Kim itself is a good illustration of this
approach. The case concerned a dispute over the estate of the deceased, Yeo.
He had been thrice married and died intestate as a result of the statutory
revocation of his will by his third marriage. Yeo’s two sons from his first
marriage then sought to claim an interest in his estate via intestacy, arguing
that there was a resulting trust in their favour. His widow asserted that the
properties in dispute had been held on the basis of a joint tenancy and
therefore passed to her on the basis of survivorship.

63 The Court found that, while there was a presumption of resulting trust in
respect of both properties, there was also a strong presumption of
advancement. Yeo’s wife had been financially independent whilst Yeo did not
work. This went towards the nature of the parties’ relationship. The Court
reiterated that financial independence was only one relevant factor and did
not preclude the application of the presumption (at [139]). It then went on to
consider the state of the parties’ relationship, which had been close and
loving (at [141]). The Court also considered the fact that the properties were
held in joint tenancy after the parties had received legal advice on the
effect of a joint tenancy (at [137]). It was clear that Yeo had intended to
confer the benefit of survivorship to his surviving spouse (at [148]).
Accordingly, she was entitled to absolute ownership of the properties.

64 To summarise, in determining whether the right of survivorship should
operate in favour of a surviving joint-tenant, the court should adopt the
following stages of analysis:

(a) consider if the facts give rise to a presumption of resulting trust;

(b) if the presumption of resulting trust applies, determine its strength
based on the individual factual matrix of the case;

(c) consider if the presumption of advancement is applicable;

(d) if the presumption of advancement applies, determine its strength based on
the nature and state of the parties’ relationship; and

(e) based on the weight of the evidence, determine if the presumption of
advancement has been successfully rebutted.

If the challenging party succeeds in defeating the presumption of advancement,
then the original presumption of resulting trust will operate. Conversely, if
they fail, the presumption of advancement will displace the presumption of
resulting trust and the right of survivorship shall take effect.

65 As a final point, the Court in Lau Siew Kim confirmed that the foregoing
principles were also applicable to bank accounts which are jointly held and
operated by spouses. In such cases, there is a strong inference that the right
of survivorship is intended to apply. The existence of bank documents
declaring the operation of survivorship, or at least demonstrating evidence of
the parties’ intention for the sums to devolve to the surviving account
holder, would strengthen this inference (at [108]).

Application to the facts

66 With this in mind, I now consider whether the right of survivorship
operated in Mdm Sun’s favour in respect of the joint accounts.

67 Mr Sun argues that the moneys in the joint accounts were intended to be
held jointly by Mr Yang and Mdm Sun, and would therefore be subject to the
operation of survivorship upon Mr Yang’s death. This supposed intention was
premised on several key facts. Unlike their bank accounts in Taiwan, all of
the couple’s monetary assets in Singapore had been consolidated and were held
in joint accounts. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PCS para 106.

Further, these accounts were not capable of being unilaterally operated by Mr
Yang. Mdm Sun’s consent and signature was required to execute the direction to
Citibank and UOB to permit the defendant to operate the joint accounts. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

2AB 1335; PCS paras 105-109.

Lastly, Mr Yang, who was known to be careful with his finances, made no
provision for the joint accounts in the Will. According to Mr Sun, this was
indicative of the fact that he did not consider the joint accounts would form
part of his estate and that the sums therein should devolve to Mdm Sun upon
his death.

68 In contrast, the defendant asserted that Mr Yang had not intended for the
moneys in the joint accounts to be a gift to Mdm Sun. It was Mr Yang who had
been primarily in control of the couple’s finances. An example of this was the
remittance of US$12,070 on 20 June 2007 by Ms Hsu to the couple’s UOB time
deposit joint account. Although this sum related to a joint investment which
had been made by Mr Yang and Mdm Sun, the directions to remit the money to the
account only came from Mr Yang. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE, 3 January 2019, p 51 line 21 to p 52 line 8.

It was also the defendant’s submission that, notwithstanding her position as a
joint signatory, there was no evidence that Mdm Sun had dealt with or
controlled the moneys in the joint accounts. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) para 90.

All of this indicated that the moneys in the joint accounts were Mr Yang’s
rather than Mdm Sun’s assets. Thus, they should be held on resulting trust for
Mr Yang’s estate. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DCS para 93.

69 In making this point, the defendant analogised the facts in this case with
the decision in Saylor v Madsen Estate (2006) 261 DLR (4th) 597 (“Saylor”)
(cited in Low Gim Siah at [52]–[53]). In Saylor, the Ontario Court of Appeal
agreed with the findings of the trial judge that a father, whose daughter had
been a joint signatory to his bank accounts, had been the only person in
control of the finances therein. The father had claimed all interest from the
accounts for tax purposes and during his lifetime, his daughter had not
deposited any of her own money into the accounts. She also only drew cheques
on the account on her father’s directions. The trial judge consequently found
that there was “no evidence to support [the daughter’s] position that [the
father had] intended to gift the contents of his joint accounts to her.” (Low
Gim Siah at [52]). Similarly, it was contended that Mr Yang’s exclusive
control over the joint accounts was not suggestive of an intention to make a
gift to Mdm Sun, but instead to retain beneficial ownership.

70 Bearing the parties’ arguments in mind, I applied the analysis laid down in
Lau Siew Kim to determine whether the presumption of resulting trust arose
over the moneys in the joint accounts. It is not disputed that Mdm Sun
contributed to the joint accounts. At least US$418,000 was remitted from Mdm
Sun’s Taiwanese bank accounts to the UOB time deposit joint account. That
being said, no evidence has been produced to demonstrate additional
contributions by Mdm Sun. This suggests that Mr Yang was the contributor of
the remaining amounts in the joint accounts. I found this inference to be
reasonable because Mr Yang continued to work in Singapore for a number of
years 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Howard’s AEIC, HCHS-3.

whilst Mdm Sun had retired. He carried on working even after the purchase of
the Tomlinson Property. Having a steady income, it is likely that he would
have contributed more consistently to the couple’s savings than the one-off
transfers made from Mdm Sun’s accounts. On the basis of these unequal
contributions, I accept that the presumption of resulting trust arises with
respect to some part of the moneys in the joint accounts although there is
insufficient evidence before we to say how much. However, the strength of this
presumption would be weaker in light of the fact that Mr Yang and Mdm Sun were
married.

71 I turn next to whether the presumption of advancement could operate to
displace this initial presumption. The transfer of property from husband to
wife clearly falls within one of the established categories which give rise to
the presumption of advancement. The setting up of the joint accounts by Mr
Yang and Mdm Sun on terms that stipulate that the surviving account holder
would be entitled to all the moneys therein would show an intention by Mr Yang
to make a gift of the moneys to Mdm Sun should she survive him. Having
established that the presumption of advancement is applicable, this then leads
to an assessment as to the strength of the presumption and if it can be
rebutted by contrary evidence.

72 Mr Yang’s and Mdm Sun’s marriage was traditional in nature. After retiring
from her job in Taiwan and moving to Singapore, Mdm Sun became a homemaker. Mr
Yang then became the sole breadwinner and she remained financially dependent
on him. Their living arrangement in Singapore reflects one of the original
rationales behind the spousal presumption. As explained by Lord Reid in Pettit
v Pettit [1970] AC 777 at 793, “wives’ economic dependence on their husbands
made it necessary as a matter of public policy to give them this advantage”.
Applying this reasoning, a greater level of dependence in the relationship
points to a stronger presumption.

73 The facts of Saylor are distinguishable from the instant case. Unlike Mdm
Sun, the daughter in Saylor made no monetary contributions to the joint
accounts. She also acted entirely on her father’s instructions. It would
appear that she was nothing more than a formal joint signatory, for the
purpose of expedience or convenience. I do not think that the evidence goes so
far in this case to show that Mdm Sun surrendered the general management of
the joint accounts to Mr Yang. She was certainly not oblivious to or
unconcerned about transactions being made in relation to the joint accounts.

74 In her evidence, Ms Hsu noted that whilst Mr Yang had given the
instructions on the transfer of the US$12,070, Mdm Sun had also been privy to
this information. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE, 3 January 2019, p 51, lines 30-32.

In respect of the other two remittances later that year in 2007 (see [16]
above), Mdm Sun had communicated her initial preference for Ms Hsu to remit
the money by way of bank draft but she subsequently agreed to have the moneys
electronically transferred instead. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE, 3 January 2019, p 53, lines 3-17.

In fact, according to Ms Hsu’s evidence, the couple had a disagreement over
the method of remittance. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE, 3 January 2019, p 53, lines 3-17.

This shows that Mdm Sun was involved in decisions concerning her financial
affairs. The need for Mdm Sun’s authorisation for the defendant to operate the
joint accounts also demonstrates that she was not as disconnected from the
management of her finances as the defendant claimed.

75 As for the state of the couple’s relationship, the evidence points to them
having a close and caring marriage which lasted more than 50 years. Mr Yang
made an express provision for Mdm Sun’s care in the Will. He also made her a
joint tenant of the Tomlinson Property along with the defendant. This points
to efforts made by Mr Yang to ensure that Mdm Sun would be maintained and
cared for comfortably after he died. This being the case, it cannot be fairly
concluded that, as it was in Saylor, there is no evidence that Mdm Sun was
intended to have ownership of the moneys in the joint accounts.

76 Besides the inferred intentions of Mr Yang, Mr Sun also put forward
documentary evidence as to the terms and conditions of DBS (who owns POSB) and
UOB which indicated that the moneys in the joint accounts would devolve to Mdm
Sun upon her husband’s death. This strengthens the presumption of advancement.
This fact was communicated to the defendant, in his capacity as the executor
of Mr Yang’s estate, by way of letters from the banks after they were informed
of Mr Yang’s death. In its letter dated 24 August 2012, DBS provided the
balance amount in the POSB joint account as of 15 May 2012. It also went on to
state as follows: 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

2AB 1622.

Please note that for joint account(s), the surviving operator(s) is/are
entitled to claim the available funds in the account(s).

77 In its letter dated 20 July 2012, UOB provided the balance amount in the
UOB joint account as of 15 May 2012 and included a similar statement: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

2AB 948.

For joint account(s), the Bank will release monies in the joint account to all
the surviving joint account holder(s), in the absence of any notice of
severance of joint ownership of the deposits and adverse claims on the
deposits by any third party.

78 No similar letter was provided in respect of the Citibank joint accounts.
However, after the trial, Mr Sun procured an email from Citibank dated 11
February 2019 that the 2010 Terms and Conditions, Citibank Global Consumer
Banking Singapore (the “Citibank Terms and Conditions”) were applicable to the
couple’s Citibank joint accounts. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PCS, Annex A p 118.

It was contended by Mr Sun that these Citibank Terms and Conditions were
incorporated via Citibank’s account opening forms. However, the actual account
opening forms signed by Mr Yang and Mdm Sun were not produced in evidence.
Instead, Mr Sun relied on the relevant clauses in an account opening form
current as at 2012, which are reproduced below: 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

PCS, Annex A, p 117.

1\. I/We confirm that I/we have read the Citibank Singapore Global Consumer
Bank Terms and Conditions and agree to be bound by the same and by any other
terms and conditions of Citibank applicable from time to time …

2\. I/We agree that the provisions in this Customer Confirmation and
Declaration be deemed to be fully effective in relation to all and any
Account(s) … now existing or hereafter opened by me/us with Citibank of any
type, category and whether opened in single or joint names or in trust and the
provisions herein shall be deemed to be repeated in in any account opening
form and/or terms and conditions governing any Account(s) now existing or
hereafter opened by …

79 Clause 9.4(a) of the Citibank Terms and Conditions states 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PCS, Annex A p 136.

:

If any one of the Joint Account(s) holders dies, you [Citibank] shall
forthwith be entitled to close the Joint Account(s), and the credit balance in
the Joint Account(s) and any securities held by you in the Joint Account(s)
shall be transferred to a new account(s) to be opened by you in the name(s) of
the survivors…

80 In his reply submissions, the defendant did not make any submissions about
the admissibility of Citibank’s email of 11 February 2019. The defendant also
did not make any submissions about the applicability of clause 9.4(a). Given
that the defendant, as the lawful representative of Mr Yang’s estate, would be
in a position to confirm the position with Citibank, and he has not expressed
a contrary view as to what is the applicable clause in question, I am prepared
to accept that clause 9.4(a) was probably applicable to Mr Yang’s and Mdm
Sun’s joint accounts.

81 The defendant argues that the clauses in the banking documents are not
conclusive of joint ownership of the moneys in the accounts. The defendant
placed emphasis on the reasoning in Low Gim Siah, where the Court of Appeal
highlighted that bank documents should not be assigned presumptive value in
determining a party’s intention. “The probative value of such documents …
[can] only be ascertained after an assessment of the totality of the relevant
evidence and … [such] documents [do] not always provide accurate evidence of
the parties’ intent” (Low Gim Siah at [53]).

82 Having assessed the evidence in its totality, I am of the view that the
relevant clauses in the bank documents only enhance an already strong
presumption of advancement in Mdm Sun’s favour. The operation of survivorship
as expressed in the clauses is consistent with the nature and state of Mr
Yang’s and Mdm Sun’s relationship. It is important to add that this in itself
is not conclusive of the operation of survivorship. However, it imposes a
higher burden on the defendant to rebut the presumption of advancement.

83 According to Mr Sun, the defendant has failed to raise sufficient evidence
to do so. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PCS para 122.

I accept Mr Sun’s submission. I find that the level of control which Mr Yang
had over the couple’s assets does not weaken the presumption of advancement.
Indeed, I found this factor to be rather equivocal on the question of whether
the presumption is rebutted. Besides this, the defendant has not put forward
any other objective evidence to rebut the operation of survivorship. I do not
accept that the provision made for Mdm Sun in the Will is exhaustive and
therefore reflects an intention to exclude any other beneficial interest in
her favour. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DCS paras 91-93.

Such an argument presumes, rather than proves, that the moneys in the joint
accounts were part of Mr Yang’s estate.

84 Accordingly, I find that the presumption of advancement was applicable and
was not rebutted on the facts. On the basis of survivorship, the moneys in the
joint accounts were beneficially owned by Mdm Sun.

85 I have thus far dealt with the moneys in the joint accounts with Citibank
and UOB. The defendant initially did not claim that the moneys in the joint
account of the couple at POSB were beneficially owned by Mr Yang’s estate.
This was until the fourth day of trial when he did an about-turn in his
evidence. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE, 10 January 2019, p 2 lines 31 to p 3 line 6.

But, in any event, I found that he could not explain the evidence showing that
he actually treated the moneys in the POSB joint account differently from the
moneys in the Citibank and UOB joint accounts. Unlike the other joint
accounts, the defendant did not take any steps as Mr Yang’s estate’s legal
representative to deal with the moneys in the POSB joint account. In my
judgment, for the same reasons that I found that the UOB and Citibank joint
account moneys belonged to Mdm Sun after Mr Yang passed away, the amount of
S$7,335.14 standing to the credit of that POSB account belonged to her as
well.

86 The parties’ dispute in relation to the POSB account concerns the amount of
S$3,093.48 which went missing between the time of Mr Yang’s death in May 2012
and Mdm Sun’s death in October 2016. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

2 AB 832; 2 AB 841.

This forms part of a slightly larger unaccounted sum of S$3,277.79 that went
missing from the joint accounts. It is clear that this sum of S$3,093.48 was
withdrawn from the POSB joint account. It is Mr Sun’s case that the defendant
was also responsible for this withdrawal, since he had control of the POSB
joint account passbook at all material times.

87 While the defendant admitted to having possession of the passbook, he
denied that he had withdrawn any moneys from the account. He explained that he
could only deposit moneys into the account and could not withdraw any sums. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE, 4 January 2019, p 38, lines 27-29.

While being cross-examined, the defendant suggested that the missing amount
might be explained by ongoing GIRO payments for SP Services and for the levies
payable for Mdm Looi and Ms Ohmmar. To counter this, Mr Sun relies on a letter
from the bank dated 24 August 2012 which states that GIRO payments would cease
upon Mr Yang’s death. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE, 10 January 2019, p 7, lines 22-24; 2 AB 1622.

But, this does not answer the question conclusively because the bank was only
informed of Mr Yang’s death almost two months after he died.

88 Disclosure of the POSB bank statements would have shed light on this issue
of the missing S$3,093.48. Mr Sun urges me to draw an adverse inference
against the defendant for not producing the relevant POSB bank statements.
However, it was well within the power of Mr Sun to obtain the relevant
documents and information from POSB since he is the lawful representative of
Mdm Sun’s estate, but he did not do so. Given the absence of evidence produced
by Mr Sun in this regard, I find that he has not discharged the burden of
showing that this withdrawal of S$3,093.48 was effected by the defendant.

Whether the defendant is a constructive trustee of the sums withdrawn from the
UOB and Citibank joint accounts

89 Mr Sun claims that the defendant became subject to duties as a constructive
trustee by reason of his dealing with moneys in the joint accounts that did
not belong to the estate of Mr Yang. Where there is conduct which amounts to a
legal or an equitable wrong, an institutional constructive trust may arise by
operation of law. Although there is no fixed test to determine when such a
trust arises, “the fundamental question is whether the conscience of the
recipient is bound in such a way as to justify equity in imposing a trust on
him” (per Megarry VC in In Re Montagu’s Settlement Trusts Duke of Manchester v
National Westminster Bank Ltd [1987] Ch 264 at 277. The requirement that the
defendant’s conscience must be affected means that he cannot be held to be a
trustee if he is ignorant of the facts that would have affected his conscience
(per Lord Browne-Wilkinson in Westdeutsche at 705).

90 Discounting the certainty of intention, the other certainties required of
private trusts also apply to constructive trusts. Accordingly, the trustee or
beneficiary must be defined with sufficient certainty (John McGhee & Ors,
Snell’s Equity (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2015) (“Snell’s Equity”) at
[26-004]) and there must be identifiable trust property. However, the scope of
the constructive trustee’s duties is narrower than that of a trustee who has
given an express undertaking to hold the property on trust. He is not subject
to the irreducible core of fiduciary obligations, to perform the trust
honestly and in good faith for the benefit of the beneficiary, owed by express
trustees. This is because the trust is created by law and it would be
unreasonable to impose such obligations on constructive trustees. Indeed, a
constructive trust is “very often a bare trust and, as such, only requires the
trustee to convey the trust property when called upon to do so” (Tan Yok Koon
v Tan Choo Suan and another and other appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654 (“Tan Yok
Koon”) at [190]).

91 Of course, until the trust property is conveyed to the beneficiary, the
trustee will remain subject to other duties ie, to retain or preserve the
property and, if he deals with it, to account for that to the beneficiary
(Cheong Soh Chin and others v Eng Chiet Shoong and others [2018] SGHC 131 at
[99]–[100] as per Coomaraswamy J in the context of a resulting trust). I
should also mention that the Court in Tan Yok Koon did not foreclose the
possibility that involuntary trustees may owe fiduciary obligations. It noted
that “the facts and circumstances leading to the imposition of a resulting
trust may also disclose an undertaking by the trustee – whether express or
implied – to act in a certain way” [emphasis in original] (at [196]). There is
no reason in principle why this reasoning should not extend to constructive
trustees.

92 According to Mr Sun, the requirements of a constructive trust are fulfilled
in this case. The certainties of subject matter and the beneficiary are
satisfied. The only contest is whether the defendant’s conduct of dealing with
the moneys in the joint accounts was unconscionable. Mr Sun’s case is that the
defendant was always aware that the moneys in the accounts belonged to Mdm
Sun. Therefore, his withdrawals from the joint accounts amounted to dishonest
misappropriations. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

PCS para 204.

The defendant, on the other hand, argues that he honestly believed that the
moneys in the joint account belonged beneficially to Mr Yang’s estate and he
was simply carrying out his duties in good faith as the executor by
constituting the fund of S$300,000 necessary to care for Mdm Sun as provided
for under the Will.

Was the defendant’s conscience affected?

93 As a preliminary point, it should be noted that the defendant’s evidence on
the withdrawals from the joint accounts with Citibank and UOB shifted
considerably throughout the proceedings. In his defence filed on 29 May 2017,
he initially denied that these transactions, as asserted in the statement of
claim, had occurred at all. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defence para 22; SOC para 22(i).

However, upon being presented with bank statements which demonstrated the
contrary, the defendant then admitted to the transactions in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Yang’s AEIC para 45.

Subsequently during the trial, the defendant claimed that he had never denied
these transactions in his defence 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE, 4 January 2019, p 11 line 15 to p 12 line 4.

and he had in fact disclosed these transactions earlier in the course of OSF
9/2013 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE, 4 January 2019, p 12 lines 9 -21.

. He also amended his defence in the midst of trial to admit to carrying out
those transactions.

94 As I have mentioned, it is not correct for the defendant to claim that he
had disclosed these withdrawals from the joint accounts of the Mr Yang and Mdm
Sun in the course of the earlier legal proceedings in OSF 9/2013. None of the
defendant’s affidavits filed in OSF 9/2013 refer to withdrawals from the
accounts. In my view, it is quite evident that the defendant initially sought
to conceal these transactions. When this was no longer possible, he then tried
to present himself as having always been transparent on the withdrawals. This
is troubling. If the defendant had been acting for legitimate purposes, there
would have been no need for such evasive behaviour. This suggests that he was
aware that the transactions should not have been made.

95 I come now to the defendant’s state of knowledge as to the ownership of the
moneys in the joint accounts. There can be no dispute that the defendant was
aware that Mr Yang and Mdm Sun were not only joint account holders, but co-
signatories of the joint accounts. This was made clear in the letters of 21
August 1996 and 11 May 2005 from Mr Yang to him. Also, his own evidence was
that Mr Yang and Mdm Sun had jointly executed mandates for him to operate the
UOB and Citibank joint accounts.

96 The evidence also showed that the defendant was probably aware that Mdm
Sun’s savings from Taiwan had been remitted to Singapore. Ms Hsu’s evidence
was that she told the defendant, not long after Mr Yang’s death in May 2012,
that the Sun family had asked her to provide them with copies of the
remittance slips showing that moneys were transferred from Mdm Sun’s accounts
in Taiwan to Singapore. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE, 3 January 2019, p 53 line 18 to p 54 line 7.

The defendant was thus informed about Mdm Sun’s savings being remitted to
Singapore. Given that he was familiar with the finances of the couple, the
defendant knew that they held almost all their moneys in joint accounts. As
such, it is reasonable to infer that the defendant was aware that Mdm Sun
probably contributed her own savings to the pool of moneys in the joint
accounts at Citibank and UOB.

97 During the trial, in his evidence, the defendant also demonstrated
familiarity with the concept of joint ownership and survivorship. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE, 4 January 2019, p 33, line 31 to p 34 line 6.

He recognised that he and Mdm Sun were the joint owners of the Tomlinson
Property after Mr Yang died. He claimed not to have touched the moneys in the
POSB joint account which I have already found belong beneficially to Mdm Sun.
He could not give any coherent explanation as to why he treated the joint
accounts with UOB and Citibank differently. I find that the defendant should
therefore have been aware of the operation of the right of survivorship over
the joint accounts.

98 I find that the defendant’s conduct in withdrawing the moneys from the
joint accounts in a rush after Mr Yang’s death, before telling the banks about
what had happened to Mr Yang, reveals the defendant’s thinking at that time.
He must have known that the moneys in the joint accounts would be treated by
the banks as belonging to the surviving account-holder and that he would not
be permitted to withdraw the moneys. This was in fact confirmed by the letters
from DBS and UOB to this effect, after he informed them in July 2012 about Mr
Yang’s death. Thus, the defendant was cognisant that what he was doing was
wrong. He chose not to disclose the truth to the banks so as to allow him to
carry out the withdrawals.

99 The defendant tried to justify the withdrawals by explaining that he needed
funds to pay for Mdm Sun’s continuing expenses and for Mr Yang’s funeral
arrangements. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE, 10 January 2019, p 27, lines 29-31.

However, such an explanation does not indicate to me that he was unaware as to
who owned the moneys in the joint accounts. Rather, it suggests that the
defendant felt it expedient to disregard questions of ownership because he
needed the funds to carry out his duties as the executor of Mr Yang’s estate.

100 On this point, it is relevant to note that the defendant was by no means
cash-strapped. He had over S$690,000 in his personal Citibank accounts at the
time of Mr Yang’s death. He thus had the means to continue maintaining Mdm
Sun, which in his own estimation cost about S$4,000 a month and which I would
observe is a very generous estimate. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE, 10 January 2019, p 35, lines 29-31.

This is on the assumption that there are no other sources of cash in Mr Yang’s
estate. So, if the defendant honestly believed that the moneys in the joint
accounts belonged solely to Mr Yang’s estate, he could have obtained the grant
of probate and then applied for the necessary order of court that the banks
pay over the money to him as the executor of Mr Yang’s estate. In fact, his
own evidence was that he would have had no difficulty if he had to pay for the
funeral expenses and Mdm Sun’s care first, and then claim reimbursement from
the estate. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE, 4 January 2019, p 21 line 30 to p 22 line 4.

101 As for the defendant’s explanation that he needed to constitute the sum of
S$300,000 to care for Mdm Sun as required by the Will, it is notable that the
defendant withdrew S$515,000 in total from the joint accounts at Citibank and
UOB, which is well in excess of the amount required. Not only that, as was
pointed out by Mr Sun, the defendant left a few thousand dollars in the
Citibank and UOB joint accounts. After the withdrawals, the Citibank joint
account had a balance of S$1,836.88 and the UOB joint account a balance of
S$1,590.47. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

2AB 841.

The defendant could not give any credible explanation as to why he did this.
He first said that he kept the accounts open for his “future reference” and to
show that they still existed. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE, 4 January 2019, p 35, lines 13-22; NE, 10 January 2019, p 15, lines 15-17.

He also said that it was because Mdm Sun was “still around at that point in
time”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE, 4 January 2019, p 39, lines 5-7.

I find that the defendant probably left the small sums in the joint accounts
because he knew that they could not be closed without Mdm Sun’s consent, which
was not forthcoming or possible at that time given her mental incapacity. This
shows that he was well aware that it was only Mdm Sun who was permitted to
operate the accounts after Mr Yang passed away.

102 When viewed in totality, I find that the weight of the evidence suggests
that the defendant did know that the moneys in the joint accounts belonged to
Mdm Sun but he nevertheless chose to deal with them. He knew that a fresh
mandate from Mdm Sun was likely to be required for him to operate the
accounts. At the very least, the defendant would have been required to produce
Mr Yang’s death certificate, a grant of probate and a lasting power of
attorney form from Mdm Sun. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

2AB 1083.

Making the withdrawals almost immediately after Mr Yang’s passing allowed him
to act without being subject to these restrictions.

103 I find it difficult to accept the defendant’s repeated explanations that
he had a poor understanding of the law. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

See for eg, NE, 10 January 2019, p 8, lines 15-24; p 21, lines 25-32.

On the contrary, it seemed to me that he appreciated the significance of joint
account ownership. Having such an understanding, I cannot accept that the
defendant carried out the transactions in respect of the joint accounts
honestly and in good faith. His knowledge that Mdm Sun was the owner of the
moneys in the joint accounts made his conduct unconscionable. The law would
therefore impose a constructive trust in respect of the sums that were
withdrawn.

Non-disclosure of Mdm Sun’s assets to her extended family

104 Mr Sun claims that the defendant represented to the Sun family that Mdm
Sun’s assets were limited to the passbooks for the Taiwanese bank accounts
which he handed over to Mr Sun’s brother in July 2012. This denied Mdm Sun the
benefit of better care because her extended family was unaware of the
additional funds she had. The defendant argues that Mdm Sun’s family were not
beneficiaries of the Will and he therefore had no obligation to disclose the
assets owned by “the late Mr Yang and/or the late Mdm Sun at that material
time”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Yang’s AEIC para 28.

Although the Sun family were not beneficiaries of the Will, the defendant
could not rely on such a basis to withhold relevant information. This is
because the joint account moneys were not part of Mr Yang’s estate and he had
taken control of these moneys.

105 The defendant concealed details of the joint accounts for some time
following Mr Yang’s death. He did not inform Mr Sun’s brother of their
existence and, when Mr Sun insisted that Mdm Sun had other moneys of her own
in September 2012, he told Mr Sun that Mdm Sun had not been employed for years
and the bank books which he had handed over to his brother were likely all of
her savings. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

1AB 446, para 27 of Yang’s affidavit of 19 April 2013 in OS 205/2013.

This was an attempt to mislead Mr Sun as to the extent of Mdm Sun’s assets.

106 The defendant attempted to explain this conversation, saying the joint
accounts were meant for Mdm Sun’s care and maintenance as part of the Will and
were therefore not her assets. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE, 10 January 2019, p 48 lines 2-18.

There was thus no need to give their details to Mr Sun. He went on to say
“Jack Yang wanted me to use the [moneys] in [the UOB joint account] for the
maintenance of my aunt…” and had said so in the Will. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE, 10 January 2019, p 13, lines 8-22.

On this point, I have already found that the defendant was aware that the
moneys in the joint accounts did not belong to Mr Yang’s estate.

107 An alternative justification put forward was that Mr Yang and Mdm Sun had
granted him the mandate over some of the joint accounts and it was on this
basis that he could use the moneys to care for Mdm Sun. However, given that Mr
Yang had passed away and it is common ground between the parties that Mdm Sun
was mentally incapacitated at the time of Mr Yang’s death, there is no basis
for the defendant to rely on the mandates that had been given for him to
operate the joint accounts. It is a well-established principle that any
authority given by way of a power of attorney or a mandate to operate bank
accounts on behalf of the donor, save in the case of a lasting power of
attorney, is revoked as a matter of law once the donor ceases to have mental
capacity. “If the donor ceases to have the capacity to do the acts for which a
power of attorney delegates authority, that power comes to an end” (Shindler
and Sherry, Aldridge: Powers of Attorney (Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2016) at
[7-06]). Also, as stated by the authors of Bowstead & Reynolds on Agency
(Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2010) at [10-015] and [10-020]:

The actual authority of an agent, whether conferred by deed or not and whether
expressed to be irrevocable or not, is determined by the death or supervening
mental incapacity of either the principal or the agent … There is fairly clear
authority that the agent’s actual authority determines where the principal
becomes mentally incapable…

108 Hence, any authority granted by Mdm Sun would have come to an end by the
time of Mr Yang’s passing in May 2012, at the very latest, since parties are
in agreement that Mdm Sun lacked mental capacity at that time. It follows that
the defendant would not have had the authority to act on her behalf to
withdraw any moneys from the joint bank accounts or expend those sums without
her consent. It is not open to the defendant to argue that because Mdm Sun’s
mental state had begun to deteriorate, he was entitled to make decisions
and/or expenditures on her behalf. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

DCS para 75.

This would be to ignore the scope of his authority to act.

109 As such, I find that, by not informing Mr Sun of the moneys that he had
withdrawn from the joint accounts, the defendant breached his duties as a
constructive trustee over these sums in his possession. I should add that the
point was also made by Lai J in Mrs Yang Chun at [33] that Mr Yang had
intended for Mdm Sun to “live out her remaining days in as much comfort as
possible”. I think that it was not enough that the defendant was simply
maintaining the same standard of care that she had had prior to Mr Yang’s
death when her condition was evidently deteriorating. There was an obligation
to make the funds in the joint account, which in any event belonged to Mdm
Sum, available to Mdm Sun’s lawful attorney, so that he could decide whether
the level of care provided to her was appropriate and adequate. Regrettably,
this was not done.

Acting in accordance with the Will

110 In his closing submissions, the defendant maintains that he withdrew funds
from the joint accounts to execute the terms of the Will, that is, to
constitute the sum of S$300,000 which Mr Yang had set aside to provide for Mdm
Sun’s care and maintenance. He should therefore be absolved from any
wrongdoing. However, this is not a tenable position to take because it
proceeds on the fundamental misconception that the moneys in the joint
accounts were for Mr Yang to dispose of by way of a testamentary bequest.

111 The Will provided for the sum of S$300,000 to be taken from Mr Yang’s
estate. However, the moneys in the joint accounts belonged to Mdm Sun, not Mr
Yang. As such, the sums from the joint accounts could not be used to
constitute the S$300,000 that had been set aside for Mdm Sun.

112 The defendant claimed that Mr Yang had no other sources of funds from
which he could constitute the amount of S$300,000. I have some doubt as to
whether the defendant has disclosed the full extent of Mr Yang’s estate given
that, as mentioned above, there was an excess of S$2m in the joint accounts at
UOB alone when the Will was prepared near the end of 2007 and Mr Yang passed
away less than four and a half years later. Not only that, the defendant never
stated that Mr Yang’s estate had no other assets in his affidavit of evidence-
in-chief or his defence. He made this claim for the first time under cross-
examination. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE, 10 January 2019, p 43, lines 17-31.

However, even if it was the case that there were no other sources of funds, it
did not follow that the defendant would be justified in laying his hands on
moneys that did not belong to Mr Yang’s estate.

Relevance of how a part of the withdrawn sums were expended

113 The defendant asserts that just over S$300,000 of the funds taken from the
joint accounts were applied by him towards for Mdm Sun’s care and maintenance
up to the time she passed away. He claims to have a kept a detailed record of
these expenditures, together with supporting receipts. Mr Sun questions
whether there has been a proper or full account of these expenses incurred by
the defendant on Mdm Sun. He points out that many of the receipts produced by
the defendant are illegible because they have faded over time. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCS para 259.

He also challenges many of these expenses as being unnecessary or not properly
incurred for the care and maintenance of Mdm Sun, such as the substantial fees
incurred by the defendant in subjecting her to tests and medical examinations
to produce reports to support his case in OSF 9/2013 and OS 205/2013.

114 Although this point is not made very clearly in the defendant’s
submissions, it appears that the defendant is suggesting that he should not
need to return the portion of the withdrawn moneys which he had already
expended for the care and maintenance of Mdm Sun. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

See also NE, 4 January 2019, p 27, lines 4-17.

I am unsure what the legal basis is for such a submission and the defendant
has not articulated any in his submissions. I have already found that the
defendant’s conduct with respect to the withdrawals of the moneys from the
joint accounts was wrongful and rendered him a constructive trustee of the
amounts that had been withdrawn. In my judgment, the way in which the
defendant subsequently expended these sums is not relevant in establishing his
liability to account.

115 In any event, the other difficulty faced by the defendant in respect of
these expenses is that he has not provided evidence to show the source of the
moneys that he expended on Mdm Sun. As I have already alluded to at [19] and
[112], I have doubts as to whether the defendant has disclosed the full extent
of Mr Yang’s estate. In other words, I am unable to conclude from the evidence
that there were no other sources of cash that Mr Yang had in his lifetime and
that therefore the expenses incurred for Mdm Sun’s care must have come from
moneys withdrawn from the joint accounts.

116 The defendant’s evidence was that he constituted the sum of S$300,000 that
was used to care for Mdm Sun, as required by the Will, in his UOB account. At
[20], I already explained that S$268,000 had been transferred from the joint
account of Mr Yang and Mdm Sun at Citibank to the defendant’s account at
Citibank. The defendant then transferred the sum of S$78,130 from that
Citibank account to his UOB account, 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Yang’s AEIC para 45(d).

even though he did not produce any documentary evidence of such a deposit
being made. At this time, the defendant’s UOB account already contained
S$247,000 which had been transferred from Mr Yang and Mdm Sun’s joint account
at UOB. The defendant’s UOB account was one which he held jointly with his
wife. He also does not deny that his UOB account already contained his own
moneys prior to the receipt of the moneys from the joint accounts of Mr Yang
and Mdm Sun. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE, 11 January 2019, p 13, line 23 to p 14, line 6.

117 According to the defendant’s evidence, the expenses incurred on Mdm Sun
all came from this UOB account 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE, 11 January 2019, p 14, lines 12-14.

and were from the moneys which originated from the joint accounts of Mr Yang
and Mdm Sun. However, the defendant has chosen not to disclose his bank
statements for this UOB account. Hence, there is no evidence to support his
assertion that the expenses were paid with moneys from that account. Further,
given that the defendant admits the UOB account is a mixture of his own moneys
and the moneys from the joint accounts of Mr Yang and Mdm Sun, I find it
difficult to understand how the defendant can assert that it was the latter
moneys which were incurred for Mdm Sun’s care and maintenance. The operative
presumption is that when a trustee mixes his personal moneys with trust
moneys, any expenditure from the mixed fund is first regarded as the trustee’s
personal moneys (Snell’s Equity at [30-057]; In re Hallett’s Estate (1880) 13
Ch D 696 at 726–729). Without sight of the defendant’s UOB bank account
statements, it is impossible for the defendant to establish that he had
utilised the moneys from the joint accounts of Mr Yang and Mdm Sum for the
care and upkeep of Mdm Sun.

118 Insofar as the defendant may have incurred his own moneys for the care of
Mdm Sun in the period of 2012 to 2016, it is perhaps possible that he might
have some claim against the estate of Mdm Sun for recovery of a debt. But,
that is not the defendant’s pleaded case. There is also no plea of any set-off
in the defence or reference to this in the closing submissions. I therefore do
not consider that issue any further.

The claim of unjust enrichment

119 In the alternative to its claim for breach of trust, Mr Sun claims that
the defendant is liable in unjust enrichment. He is required to account for
the joint account moneys having been unjustly enriched by his wrongful
conversion, misappropriation and/or retention of the funds. The elements of a
claim in unjust enrichment were set out by the Court of Appeal in
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2011] 3 SLR 540
at [110]:

(a) the defendant must have received a benefit (ie, he was enriched);

(b) the enrichment was at the claimant’s expense;

(c) it is unjust to allow the defendant to retain the enrichment; and

(d) there are no defences available to the defendant.

120 Having found that the defendant is constructive trustee over the amounts
withdrawn from the joint accounts and is thus liable to account for and return
these amounts, there is no need for me to deal with the claim for unjust
enrichment in any detail, save to say that it is quite clear that the
defendant has been unjustly enriched by his receipt of moneys belonging to Mdm
Sun, and he is bound to restore the moneys to Mdm Sun’s estate.

Remedies

121 In circumstances of a breach of trust and/or fiduciary duties, the
beneficiary may have both personal and proprietary remedies available to him.
Where a constructive trust has been imposed, the claimant gains a proprietary
interest in the trust property. The purpose of such a trust is restitutionary,
to strip the defendant of the benefits of his wrongdoing (Snell’s Equity at
[26-001]). The defendant will hold the property as a bare trustee and is
obliged to convey the property as the claimant directs (Snell’s Equity at
[26-005]).

122 In this case, for the reasons set out above in this judgment, I find that
the defendant is a constructive trustee of the amount of S$515,000 which had
been withdrawn from the UOB and Citibank joint accounts. He must give an
account of the sums withdrawn from these joint accounts. Insofar as any of the
withdrawn moneys are still in his possession, they are subject to a
constructive trust, and must be restored to Mdm Sun’s estate. The amounts that
still stand in the UOB, Citibank and POSB accounts must obviously also be paid
over to Mdm Sun’s estate.

123 I also make an order that the defendant must equitably compensate Mdm
Sun’s estate for the amount of S$515,000, with interest from 22 May 2012,
which is the date of the withdrawals from the joint accounts.

124 I will hear parties separately on the question of costs.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judicial Commissioner

Philip Fong Yeng Fatt, Chie Zi Han and Lau Jia Min, Jaime (Eversheds Harry
Elias LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Sivanathan Wijaya Ravana (R.S. Wijaya & Co.) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

