Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 56

Suit No 867 of 2015

Between

| Ng Kian Huan, Edmund  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Suying Metropolitan Studio Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Suying Design Pte Ltd  
(3)| Tan Teow Feng Patty  
  
… Defendants

And

(1)| Tan Teow Feng Patty  
---|---  
(2)| Suying Metropolitan Studio Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs in Counterclaim

And

(1)| Ng Kian Huan, Edmund  
---|---  
(2)| Metropolitan Office Experimental Pte Ltd  
(3)| Chong Chin Fong  
  
… Defendants in Counterclaim

judgment

[Companies] — [Oppression] — [Minority shareholders]

[Equity] — [Remedies] — [Indemnity]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ng Kian Huan Edmund

  

v

  

Suying Metropolitan Studio Pte Ltd and others

  

[2019] SGHC 56

High Court — Suit No 867 of 2015  
Chua Lee Ming J  
20-23, 27-28 March, 3-6, 10-13, 17-20, 24-25 April 2018

5 March 2019 Judgment reserved.

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 In 2012, the plaintiff, Mr Ng Kian Huan, Edmund (“Edmund”), the 3rd
defendant, Ms Tan Teow Feng Patty (“Patty”), and two others agreed to join
forces and formed a new company, Suying Metropolitan Studio Pte Ltd (“SMSPL”).
Edmund and Patty were the major shareholders. Edmund was then running an
architectural firm, Metropolitan Office Experimental (“MOX”), while Patty ran
an interior design company, Suying Design Pte Ltd (“SDPL”). Patty was planning
to retire by 2012 or 2013 and the plan was for Edmund to continue to run the
business. Unfortunately, the joint enterprise did not last long. The disputes
that arose became intense and personal and resulted in the present proceedings
in which both Edmund and Patty have made numerous allegations against each
other.

2 On 24 August 2015, Edmund commenced this action against SMSPL (the 1st
defendant), SDPL (the 2nd defendant) and Patty. Edmund’s main claim was that
of minority oppression against Patty, pursuant to s 216 of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). As against SMSPL, Edmund sought certain
orders in relation to, among other things, the director’s fees and dividends
that he had received as well as those that were outstanding. Edmund also
sought orders requiring SDPL and Patty to, among other things, pay certain
sums of money back to SMSPL.

3 SMSPL counterclaimed against Edmund for, among other things, repayment of
director’s fees and dividends received by Edmund, breach of director’s duties,
and breach of duties of good faith and fidelity. SMSPL’s counterclaim also
included conspiracy claims against Edmund and MOX (the 2nd defendant in the
counterclaim), and against Edmund and Ms Chong Chin Fong (“Jazz”) (the 3rd
defendant in the counterclaim). Jazz is Edmund’s wife and was, until the
disputes started, a close friend of Patty.

4 Initially, Patty’s counterclaim was for an order to authorise proceedings in
SMSPL’s name or on behalf of it, against Edmund. After Patty filed her defence
and counterclaim, SMSPL amended its defence to include its counterclaim
against Edmund. Patty’s counterclaim is therefore moot save that Patty
counterclaims for the costs of having had to raise her counterclaim. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Patty’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), at para 133.

5 After the witnesses had given their evidence, parties exchanged written
closing submissions on 11 May 2018 and reply closing submission on 25 May
2018. On 4 July 2018, SDPL filed a response to three points in Edmund’s reply
submissions and Edmund filed his response on 13 July 2018.

Background

6 Jazz first introduced Edmund to Patty on 10 November 2011. A second meeting
followed sometime in December 2011. A third meeting was held later, also in
December 2011, in the presence of Mr Lim Chai Boon (“Chai Boon”), an architect
and partner in another architectural company, Swan & Maclaren Pte Ltd (“Swan &
Maclaren”). A fourth meeting was held in early January 2012 between Edmund,
Patty, Chai Boon, and Ms Anita Chui (“Anita”), who owned an interior design
firm, Chiu Design Associates Pte Ltd (“Chiu Design”). Anita and Chai Boon were
long-time friends of Patty, and were invited to invest in SMSPL. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Patty’s affidavit evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Defendants’ Bundle of AEICs
(“DBAEIC”), vol XXIV, tab 31, at paras 50 and 70.

7 These four meetings culminated in an oral agreement among Edmund, Patty,
Anita and Chai Boon (“the Oral Agreement”). SMSPL was subsequently
incorporated on 20 February 2012 (“the Incorporation Date”). Patty held 40% of
SMSPL’s shares. Edmund held 35%, Anita held 20% and Chai Boon held 5%. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Patty’s AEIC, at paras 78 and 79.

Chai Boon did not pay for his shares and eventually decided to withdraw from
SMSPL. On 7 July 2014, Chai Boon’s shares (which had been paid for by Patty by
then) were transferred to one Mr Shawn Lim (“Shawn”) who was then a director
and an employee of SMSPL. Shawn resigned as an employee on 4 August 2014 and
ceased to be a director of SMSPL on 13 August 2014. His 5% shareholding was
transferred to Patty on 21 August 2014 and on 24 March 2015, Patty transferred
5% of her shareholding in SMSPL to Ms Martinez Gejane Siman (“Ane”), a former
employee of SDPL. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 107; Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEICs (“PBAEIC”), vol 1, tab
B, at p 207.

8 It was common ground that the Oral Agreement was for a merger of MOX and
SDPL to form SMSPL, and that all new businesses would be undertaken by SMSPL.
Following the incorporation of SMSPL, all the employees of MOX and SDPL were
transferred to SMSPL. Foreign staff nominally continued to be employed by MOX
and SDPL as their employment passes were not transferrable. Chiu Design had
ceased operations before SMSPL was incorporated. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Notes of evidence (“NE”), 5 April 2018, at 12:21–13:20.

9 What was in dispute was the treatment of amounts received by MOX and SDPL
from projects that were in existence on the Incorporation Date (“pre-
incorporation projects”). Edmund alleged that the agreement was that the
amounts received by MOX and SDPL, pursuant to invoices dated after the
Incorporation Date, were to be transferred to SMSPL, after deducting the
expenses incurred. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Edmund’s AEIC, PBAEIC, vol 1, tab A (“Edmund’s AEIC”), at para 19.

Patty’s version was that MOX and SDPL would continue to own the revenue from
their respective pre-incorporation projects (even if invoiced after the
Incorporation Date), but MOX and SDPL had to reimburse SMSPL for the use of
its resources (primarily manpower). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Patty’s AEIC, at paras 84 and 92.

10 From 2012 to 2015, MOX and SDPL effected various transfers of monies to
SMSPL. The reasons for these transfers are in dispute. Edmund and Patty each
argued that these transfers supported their respective versions of the Oral
Agreement.

11 Edmund received $200,000 as director’s fee and $48,700.05 as dividends for
2012. As for 2013, Edmund’s director’s fee was $315,000 (of which he has
received $50,000) and his share of dividends was $280,000 (of which he has
received $150,000). In these proceedings, SMSPL and Patty alleged that the
director’s fee paid to Edmund for 2012 was a loan and that it was agreed on 22
June 2015 that with respect to Edmund’s director’s fee for 2013, the
outstanding amount of $265,000 would be loaned to SMSPL as working capital. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 290; SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4),
at para 16A.

SMSPL and Patty further alleged that the declarations of dividends for 2012
and 2013 were made under a mistake of fact as to what SMSPL’s profits were. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Patty’s AEIC, at paras 274, 275, and 284; SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No 4), at para 48A.

12 Patty had indicated to Edmund by March 2015 that she intended to go on a
“sabbatical leave” and would retire in June 2015. SMSPL would then be left to
Edmund to run, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 42.

with the assistance of Ane. Ane was the new design director (though not
appointed to SMSPL’s board), and, as stated earlier, had been given a 5%
shareholding in SMSPL. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 47.

13 However, various disagreements arose between Edmund and Patty. On 13 July
2015, Edmund informed Patty and Ane that he intended to leave SMSPL and that
he was prepared to give three months’ notice. The three of them agreed to meet
again in October 2015 “to put in place the closure of the company”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at p 593.

14 On 15 July 2015, Patty withdrew a total amount of $1,164,580 from SMSPL’s
bank account with UOB for herself. This amount was withdrawn by way of 23
cheques for $50,000 each and one cheque for $14,580. All 24 cheques were
signed by Patty. The reason for the multiple cheques was that cheques for sums
above $50,000 required Edmund’s signature. Patty claimed that these payments
were meant to be her gratuity and adjusted pay for the period from January to
June 2015. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 218.

Patty further claimed that she subsequently realised she had been overpaid by
mistake. Patty returned the alleged excess amount of $492,580 to SMSPL’s
account on 27 July 2015. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 224.

Edmund disputed Patty’s claims to her gratuity and pay adjustment.

15 Edmund discovered that Patty was withdrawing monies from SMSPL’s bank
account and on 21 July 2015, Edmund learnt from UOB that $1.15m (comprising
the 23 cheques for $50,000 each) had been paid out to Patty on 15 July 2015.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PBAEIC, vol 1, tab B, at pp 658, 659, 662, 665, 668, 671, 674, 677, 684, 686
and 687.

Edmund subsequently made various requests (including requests through his
lawyers) for SMSPL’s financial documents. One of the issues in dispute is
whether Edmund was denied access to SMSPL’s financial documents.

16 Subsequently, sometime between 13 July to 25 July 2015, Edmund was removed
as a joint signatory and account holder of SMSPL’s bank account. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 122.

17 On 29 July 2015, Patty signed off on nine debit notes from SDPL to SMSPL
amounting to $1,765,057 (“the Debit Notes”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Patty’s AEIC, at paras 230–232.

Patty deducted a total amount of $230,000 allegedly for drafting services
performed by SMSPL. The total amount payable to SDPL was therefore $1,535,057
before GST. After adding GST, the total amount became $1,642,510.99. Patty
signed nine cheques in favour of SDPL for the total amount of $1,642,510.99.
This amount was paid out to SDPL on 30 July 2015. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Patty’s AEIC, at paras 231–232.

SMSPL and Patty alleged that these were returns of various loans from SDPL to
SMSPL. Edmund disputed this.

18 On 12 August 2015, Edmund received a notice of an extraordinary general
meeting (“EGM”) to be held on 27 August 2015, to propose payment of
consultancy fees to SDPL amounting to $640,532 for 2012, $794,993 for 2013 and
$329,532 for 2014. Edmund disputed SDPL’s entitlement to charge consultancy
fees. Patty and Ane subsequently agreed to the withdrawal of the notice of the
EGM, subject to the assent of the other shareholders. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 238.

As no response had been received from Anita, on 24 August 2015, Edmund
commenced the present action and filed Summons No 4106 of 2015 for, among
other things, an injunction to restrain SMSPL from holding the EGM on 27
August 2015. On 26 August 2015, Anita replied that she agreed to withdraw the
notice of the EGM. On the same day, a consent order was recorded to the effect
that among other things, the proposed EGM would not be held and SDPL undertook
to pay the sum of $1,642,510.99 to its solicitors to be held by them until
further order.

19 Meanwhile, on 25 August 2015, Edmund, Patty, Anita and Ane met and agreed
that the directors would work towards the cessation of SMSPL’s operations by
October 2015. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 261.

A list of projects was drawn up, with various courses of actions to be
undertaken by the respective directors-in-charge. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 262.

Edmund’s last day of work at SMSPL was 12 October 2015. He was not paid his
salary for the period from 1 to 12 October 2015, which amounted to $4,063.35.

20 On 9 October 2015, Edmund filed an application in Originating Summons 921
of 2015 (“OS 921/2015”) to inspect the documents of SMSPL in his capacity as a
director of SMSPL. On 9 November 2015, Patty filed an affidavit affirming that
SMSPL was not resisting the application. However, on 20 November 2015, SMSPL’s
solicitors informed Edmund’s solicitors that SMSPL had taken the position that
Edmund was not entitled to inspect its documents. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at paras 157 and 159.

21 Before OS 921/2015 could be dealt with, on 15 December 2015, Edmund
received a notice of a directors’ meeting to be held on 17 December 2015 to
consider, among other things, convening an EGM to remove Edmund as a director.
Edmund’s request to adjourn the directors’ meeting was not acceded to and the
meeting proceeded in his absence on 17 December 2015. Edmund’s subsequent
request to adjourn the EGM (fixed for 8 January 2016) till after the hearing
of OS 921/2015 was also refused. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at paras 161 and 162.

22 On 6 January 2016, Edmund filed an application for an injunction to
restrain SMSPL and Patty from removing him as a director of SMSPL. On 7
January 2016, an interim injunction was granted to preserve Edmund’s capacity
as director to proceed with the application in OS 921/2015 and to inspect
SMSPL’s accounts and papers if the application in OS 921/2015 was granted. On
25 January 2016, I granted Edmund’s application in OS 921/2015.

23 SMSPL ceased operations in April 2016. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 72.

Edmund’s claim

24 Edmund’s pleaded case is that

(a) Patty has

(i) conducted the affairs of SMSPL and/or exercised her power in a manner
oppressive to him, in disregard of his interest as a member and shareholder of
SMSPL; 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at paras 24–26.

(ii) caused acts to be done or threatened by SMSPL and/or proposed to pass a
resolution which unfairly discriminates against, or is otherwise prejudicial
to Edmund; 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at paras 27–117.

(b) he is entitled to retain the director’s fees and dividends that he
received for 2012 and 2013 and that SMSPL has failed to pay him his
outstanding director’s fees and dividends for 2013; 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at paras 118–121. See, also, reliefs
claimed.

(c) SDPL has to pay SMSPL certain sums of money that were wrongfully paid by
SMSPL to or for the benefit of SDPL;

(d) Patty has to pay SMSPL certain sums of money that were (i) wrongfully paid
by SMSPL to Patty and (ii) losses that Patty wrongfully caused SMSPL to incur;

(e) SMSPL and SDPL have to give an account of all projects / clients engaged,
and all monies received, by each of them respectively since the Incorporation
Date; and

(f) Patty should be ordered to buy out his shares in SMSPL at a fair value to
be determined. In his closing submissions, Edmund submitted that a winding up
order would be more appropriate in this case. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”), dated 11 May 2018, at para 203.

What were the terms of the Oral Agreement?

25 It would be useful to start with the dispute over the terms of the Oral
Agreement. As stated earlier, the Oral Agreement was for a merger between MOX
and SDPL to form SMSPL with all new businesses being undertaken by SMSPL. The
dispute was over the treatment of amounts received by MOX and SDPL from pre-
incorporation projects. Edmund alleged that all such amounts received by MOX
and SDPL, pursuant to invoices dated after the Incorporation Date, were to be
transferred to SMSPL (after deducting expenses incurred). Patty’s version was
that MOX and SDPL would continue to own the revenue from all their respective
pre-incorporation projects, but they had to reimburse SMSPL for any use of its
resources (primarily manpower).

26 During his oral testimony, Edmund clarified that there was no discussion on
whether work that had been completed before the Incorporation Date but
invoiced only after the Incorporation Date, should be treated differently.
Edmund then confirmed that he was agreeable to such cases being excluded from
the Oral Agreement. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE, 21 March 2018, at 156:3–160:6.

No records of the use of SMSPL’s resources were kept

27 After the Incorporation Date, all the employees of SDPL and MOX (except for
those who were foreigners) were transferred to SMSPL. Work on SDPL’s and MOX’s
pre-incorporation projects necessarily had to be carried out by SMSPL. Patty’s
version of the Oral Agreement alleged that SDPL/MOX would have to reimburse
SMSPL for manpower costs incurred by SMSPL. Yet, Patty did not put in place
any system to keep records, and no records whatsoever were kept, of the use of
SMSPL’s manpower. Clearly, such a system and such records would have been
essential if Patty’s version of the Oral Agreement were true.

28 Patty asserted that the exact mechanics of how to account for the use of
SMSPL’s resources was left to the discretion of Patty (for SDPL), Edmund (for
MOX) and Anita (for Chiu Design) and that it was understood that this would
primarily be by way of accounting for the use of SMSPL’s manpower. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 92.

I do not accept Patty’s assertion. Without any records of the use of SMSPL’s
manpower, how could anyone account for such use? Patty had had many years of
experience managing SDPL. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 9.

It is unbelievable that she would not have put in place a system to keep such
records if indeed the use of SMSPL’s manpower had to be accounted for.

29 It was only after Edmund’s resignation from SMSPL that Patty worked with Ms
Chua Choon Geok (“Choon Geok”), a part-time employee of SMSPL, to try to
calculate the amounts that SDPL and MOX had to pay as reimbursement for the
use of SMSPL’s manpower. There were no timesheets. Choon Geok testified that
she would look at emails from and drawings by SMSPL employees, as well as the
jobs they were working on, and estimate the amount of time spent on each job.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE, 20 April 2018, at 20:5–9, 35:2–22; Choon Geok’s AEIC, DBAEIC, vol XXVI,
tab 34, at paras 20–21.

Patty would make final adjustments based on her own estimates. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE, 24 April 2018, at 9:23–10:16.

Choon Geok accepted that not all emails were sent to her and that she did not
have access to all the employees’ computers and emails. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE, 20 April 2018, at 21:21-26:19; Exhibit P15; PCS, at para 85(a)(i).

30 In my view, Choon Geok’s estimates bordered on being arbitrary and were at
best unreliable. The difficulty in trying to compute the reimbursement amounts
only testifies to the importance of keeping proper records of the use of
SMSPL’s manpower if Patty’s version were true. The absence of such records
testifies to the improbability of Patty’s version of the Oral Agreement.

31 In fact, not only were there no records kept of the use of SMSPL’s
resources, Patty’s evidence showed that her version of the Oral Agreement was
unlikely to be true. Patty testified that what SDPL and MOX had to reimburse
SMSPL for were just the CPF contributions, salaries and bonuses of SMSPL’s
employees who worked on MOX’s and SDPL’s pre-incorporation projects. This does
not make commercial sense because then, SMSPL would be bearing SDPL’s and
MOX’s shares of overheads, operational expenses and general office expenses,
all of which Patty conceded were paid for by SMSPL. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE, 12 April 2018, at 28:11–15.

Payments by MOX to SMSPL

32 Edmund referred to the following payments by MOX to SMSPL and submitted
that they were transfers of amounts received by MOX in respect of pre-
incorporation projects:

(a) $100,000 in October 2012; and

(b) two payments in 2013 and another two in 2014, amounting to $148,500.

Payment of $100,000 in October 2012

33 This payment is described in SMSPL’s general ledger as payment by MOX in
respect of “Design Consultancy” without any reference to any project. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DBAEIC, vol X, at p 275 (Invoice No SM2012-031).

The relevant invoice from SMSPL (SM 2012-031) describes the invoiced amount as
“Design Consultancy Fee” but does not refer to any project either. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PBAEIC, vol 2, at p 1302.

However, SMSPL’s list of incoming funds links this payment to “10 Aljunied &
Maldives” which were pre-incorporation projects of MOX.

34 Patty claimed that the payment of $100,000 was a reimbursement for the use
of SMSPL’s manpower which she alleged amounted to $104,535.11. Patty relied on
(a) MOX’s accounts for 2012 which showed a sum of $104,535 owing to a “related
party” as a result of expenses paid on behalf” of MOX, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendants’ Bundle of Documents (“DBD”), vol A11, at p 6265.

(b) MOX’s accounts for 2013 which no longer reflected this sum, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DBD, vol A11, at p 6492.

and (c) MOX’s general ledgers which showed payment of $100,000 to SMSPL for
salary and payment of $4,535.11 to Edmund’s director’s account. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PBAEIC, vol 2, at p 1421.

35 I agree with Patty that the evidence does not support Edmund’s claim that
the $100,000 was payment of receivables. However, I also do not think the
evidence supports Patty’s claim that the payment of $100,000 was a
reimbursement for the use of SMSPL’s resources either. Payment of salaries by
SMSPL on behalf of MOX is very different from reimbursement by MOX for use of
SMSPL’s resources. There is also no evidence showing what were the resources
used that gave rise to the amount of $104,535.11. In addition, this payment is
also separately described as a “loan” in SMSPL’s general ledger. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Shin’s AEIC, DBAEIC, vol X, at pp 272 and 281.

SMSPL’s expert witness, Mr Abuthahir Abdul Gafoor (“Gafoor”), from RSM
Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd, relied on instructions given to him that the
payment was for the use of SMSPL’s drafting services. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Gafoor’s AEIC, exhibit AAG-1, DBAEIC, vol XI, tab 17, at para 6.1.5.

He was not able to explain the exact purpose of the various classifications in
MOX’s general ledger. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE, 24 April 2018, at 73:16–22.

Neither was he able to conclude that the $100,000 was reimbursement for the
use of resources. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE, 25 April 2018, at 19:2–8.

36 In my view, the evidence with respect to the payment of the $100,000 in
October 2012 is simply too unreliable to support either Edmund’s or Patty’s
version of the Oral Agreement.

Payments in 2013 and 2014 amounting to $148,000

37 MOX paid a total amount of $148,000 to SMSPL in 2013 and 2014, comprising
$16,250 and $81,250 paid in 2013, and $21,000 and $30,000 in 2014. SMSPL’s
general ledger describes the first three payments as payments by MOX in
respect of “Chiltern Drive”, “Chennai”, and “MK 19 Wak Hassan Drive”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DBAEIC, vol X, at pp 324, 325, and 398.

Each of the invoices for these three payments describes the invoiced amount as
“Design Consultancy Fee” and also references the specific project. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PBAEIC, vol 2 at pp 1303, 1304 and 1306.

As for the fourth payment of $30,000, SMSPL’s general ledger 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DBAEIC, vol X, at p 397.

refers to its invoice SM 2014-007 which in turn refers to a project at
“Kasara, Sentosa”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PBAEIC, vol 2, at p 1305.

All these projects were pre-incorporation projects of MOX. Edmund claimed that
these four payments were transfers of amounts received by MOX in respect of
pre-incorporation projects.

38 It is not disputed that the four payments were of the entire amounts
received by MOX, without deduction of expenses incurred by MOX (eg, costs of
engaging freelance drafting services). Edmund explained that this was an
oversight by the SMSPL employee who handled administrative matters in SMSPL,
Ms Barkath Nisha Mohamed Ibrahim (“Nisha”). 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE, 27 March 2017, at 8:10–19.

I accept Edmund’s explanation. Further, as Edmund submitted, in practice,
SMSPL bore most of the expenses of SDPL and MOX after the Incorporation Date
in any event. As such, paying SMSPL the full amount received, would not have
raised eyebrows.

39 Edmund acknowledged that MOX had also received further payments from its
pre-incorporation projects, which should have been but were not, transferred
to SMSPL. Edmund explained that he had left it to Nisha who handled the
maintenance of files and preparation of invoices. Nisha had failed to effect
the transfers. I accept Edmund’s explanation. The evidence showed clearly that
Edmund generally did not handle the accounts and the transfer of payments. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE, 20 March 2018, at 85:15–87:15.

In an email to Edmund dated 8 August 2015, Patty herself pointed out that
Edmund never managed the accounts. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PBAEIC, vol 2, at p 841.

40 Patty alleged that the second payment of $81,250 (made in 2013) included a
sum of $50,111.99 which was reimbursement of salaries paid by SMSPL ($21,000
paid to Shawn and $29,111.99 paid to Mr Ong Eng Meng). According to Patty, the
balance of $31,138.01, together with the first, third and fourth payments,
were “lump sum” reimbursements for MOX’s use of SMSPL’s resources. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Patty’s AEIC on behalf of SMSPL (“Patty’s SMSPL AEIC”), DBAEIC, vol I, tab 1,
at paras 596–642.

Patty also alleged that the reason for the fourth payment of $30,000 was that
SMSPL had taken over the project at Edmund’s request. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 607.

In my view, the evidence does not support Patty’s allegations of lump sum
reimbursements.

(a) First, Patty’s explanation, that these were lump sum reimbursements for
the use of SMSPL’s resources, is too convenient and unbelievable. Even going
by Patty’s own evidence, two of the amounts involved ($16,200 and $31,138.01
54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 605,

) are hardly what one would describe as “lump sums”. It is also unbelievable
that the parties would have been content to rely on a “lump sum” estimate
without any records being kept of the use of resources; and

(b) Second, Patty’s two explanations for the fourth payment of $30,000 are
inconsistent with each other. There can be no question of reimbursement for
use of only SMSPL’s resources if SMSPL took over the project, since in the
latter case, the whole fee would be earned by SMSPL.

41 In my view, the payments which Patty described as lump sum reimbursements,
were in fact transfers of amounts received by MOX from its pre-incorporation
projects.

Payments by SDPL to SMSPL

42 Edmund argued that payments by SDPL to SMSPL amounting to $600,000 in 2012
and $719,652.02 in 2013–2014, were transfers of amounts received by SDPL from
its pre-incorporation projects pursuant to his version of the Oral Agreement.

Payment of $600,000

43 The amount of $600,000 comprised payments of $176,000 made in August 2012
and $424,000 in September 2012. The payment of $176,000 included GST of
$11,514.02 whilst the payment of $424,000 included GST of $27,738.33. Patty
claimed that these two payments were advances by SDPL to SMSPL. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 172.

44 Patty testified that SMSPL was short of funds with a bank balance of only
$248,875.93 in August 2012 and $276,008.13 in September 2012. In comparison,
SMSPL’s outgoing payments from April to August 2012 amounted to $785.738.90
and SMSPL’s total expenditure for 2012 was $1,421,633.00 whereas the revenue
was only $471,517.50. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Patty’s AEIC, at paras 168–170.4.

45 However, the payments of $176,000 and $424,000 were recorded in SMSPL’s
general ledgers as profit and loss items which included goods and services tax
(“GST”). Edmund’s expert witness, Mr Owen Malcolm Hawkes (“Hawkes”), from KPMG
Services Pte Ltd, testified that these records are inconsistent with the
payments being loans because loans are balance sheet items and no GST would be
payable in the case of loans. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE, 4 April 2018, at 9:9–20.

46 As mentioned earlier, SMSPL’s employee, Nisha, was responsible for the
maintenance of files and preparation of invoices. She testified that in
December 2012, SMSPL’s then book-keeper, Mr Shin Say Hock (“Shin”), asked her
for documentation supporting SMSPL’s receipt of the $176,000 and $424,000, and
that he instructed her to prepare invoices issued by SMSPL. Nisha prepared six
invoices, backdated to dates between March 2012 and August 2012. The six
invoices described each of the amounts invoiced as an “administrative
billing”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Nisha’s AEIC, DBAEIC, vol IX, tab 11, at pp 138–143.

According to Nisha, Patty instructed her to use the same description that was
used previously for invoices in respect of two payments by SDPL in February
and March 2012 amounting to $203,430.71. The invoices for those two payments
had similarly described each of the amounts invoiced as an “administrative
fee”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Nisha’s AEIC, at pp 114–115.

It is not disputed that these two payments were payments by SDPL on behalf of
SMSPL and that SMSPL repaid SDPL in April 2012.

47 Nisha explained that she had used the description “administrative fee” for
the previous invoices, on the advice of Shin. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Nisha’s AEIC, at para 24.

In turn, Shin explained that he did not know then that the payments were
advances extended by SDPL. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Shin’s AEIC, DBAEIC, vol IX, tab 12, at para 24.

48 Nisha testified that when she told Patty that the description in the
earlier invoices was “administrative fee”, Patty told her to use the
description “administrative billing” for the six invoices. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Nisha’s AEIC, at para 32; NE, 18 April 2018, at 47:11–14.

49 Nisha had also prepared SDPL’s payment vouchers for the payments of
$176,000 and $424,000. She subsequently wrote the word “loan” on her copy of
the payment vouchers. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DBD, vol B1, at pp 8 and 11.

Nisha could not remember when she did this but suggested it was likely to have
been sometime in December 2012/January 2013 after Shin asked her for the
supporting documents for the $600,000. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Nisha’s AEIC, at para 40.

50 I accept Nisha’s explanations as to why she issued the six invoices with
the description “administrative billing”. The invoices explain the treatment
given to the two payments of $176,000 and $424,000 in SMSPL’s general ledgers.
Loans should not be treated this way, but as Hawkes observed, the accounts
were in a state of mess.

51 In my view, the evidence supports the defendants’ claim that the payments
of $176,000 and $424,000 were in fact loans from SDPL to SMSPL. First,
contemporaneous documents support the defendants’ claim. SDPL’s lists of
expenses for August 2012 and September 2012 recorded the payments of $176,000
and $424,000 as “payout to Suying Metropolitan to cover expenses”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Patty’s AEIC on behalf of SDPL (“Patty’s SDPL AEIC”), DBAEIC, vol XVII, tab
23, at para 28.

In addition, a contemporaneous post-it note from Nisha referred to the sum
“$601,000” (including the $1,000 to open SMSPL’s bank account) and stated the
following: “this one which was took out from Suy-D [SDPL] to Suy-M [SMSPL] to
balance the new company Suy-M” (sic). 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Nisha’s AEIC, at para 70.

52 Second, Edmund admitted that he could not link the payments of $176,000 and
$424,000 to amounts received by SDPL from any specific pre-incorporation
project. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE, 22 March 2017, at 19:10–23:4.

53 Third, Patty testified that at a meeting on 8 June 2015, Patty had informed
Edmund and Ane that there was an $800,000 loan owing from SMSPL to SDPL. On 1
July 2015, Patty sent Edmund and Ane the following message: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DBD, vol B1, at p 168.

“Good news, the amount to be return to [SDPL] is much smaller..Nisa (sic) is
checking and will give me the list to check.. The amount is about $600,000 and
not S$800,000”

Edmund replied “Thank you so much”.

54 Edmund admitted that he was told during a discussion in August 2012 that
SMSPL’s bank account balance was low, although he claimed that Patty had then
told him there was no cause for concern as there would be incoming
receivables. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE, 22 March 2018, at 10:18–11:8.

55 Edmund explained that his reply to Patty’s message was not an
acknowledgement that there was a loan from SDPL to SMSPL and that it was
merely to thank her for taking the time to check the amounts. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE, 22 March 2018, at 31:7–12

I do not accept Edmund’s explanation. It is not a reasonable interpretation of
his reply. More importantly, it is telling that in his reply, Edmund did not
question the fact that there was $600,000 that had to be repaid to SDPL. The
fact that it had to be repaid was clearly inconsistent with the amount being a
transfer of receivables.

Payment of $719,652.02

56 The amount of $719,652.02 reflected payments made by way of seven cheques
from SDPL to SMSPL from April 2013 to November 2014. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 193.

The payments were made in respect of the following ten invoices issued by
SMSPL: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Patty’s AEIC, at pp 428–437.

Date of invoice| Invoice number| Amount ($)| Date of payment| Name of SDPL
project  
---|---|---|---|---  
15 April 2013| SM-2013-013| 288,900.00| 19 April 2013| Keppel Bay Plot 3  
1 July 2013| SM-2013-038| 3,210.00| 9 July 2013| 45 Faber Crescent  
3 July 2013| SM-2013-039| 51,360.00| 9 July 2013| 17 Greenleaf Rise  
5 July 2013| SM-2013-040| 9,630.00| 9 July 2013| Riversails Common Area  
8 July 2013| SM-2013-041| 160,500.00| 9 July 2013| Riversails Typical
Apartment Units  
10 September 2013| SM-2013-066| 49,980.00| 17 September 2013| Chennai Villa  
25 November 2014| SM-2014-098| 56,101.01| 4 December 2014| China Project  
27 November 2014| SM-2014-099| 56,101.01| 4 December 2014| China Project  
28 November 2014| SM-2014-100| 21,400.00| 4 December 2014| Sky Suits, Typical
Apartment Units  
28 November 2014| SM-2014-101| 22,470.00| 4 December 2014| Sky Suits Common
Area  
Total| 719,652.02  
  
57 The amounts in the invoices represented fees from SDPL’s pre-incorporation
projects. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 194.

The invoices described the amounts invoiced as “consultancy fee”. Patty
claimed that she instructed Nisha to use the description “consultancy fee”
because this was the description used in the invoices for the payments by MOX
to SMSPL (see [33] and [37] above). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 194.

58 Patty described these payments as “project-linked loans” by SDPL to SMSPL.
According to her, these payments were from “fees earned from whichever project
SDPL happened to have money payable to it”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 195.

Patty claimed that 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 191; Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 34; Closing Submissions
for 2nd Defendant (SDPL) (“2DCS”), dated 11 May 2018, at para 167.

(a) SMSPL required further loans as working capital. According to Patty, as a
“rough rule of thumb”, SMSPL would need a cash buffer of three times the
monthly operational expenses. This excluded any additional cash that SMSPL may
need to purchase furniture, fitting and equipment (“FF&E”) to fit out the
project under its design and build contracts. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 36.

; and

(b) she decided to transfer the whole amounts received by SDPL under “specific
invoices” rendered for specific projects because the repayment of the loans
could subsequently be set off against any reimbursement owed by SDPL to SMSPL.
The “overpayment” to SMSPL arising from the loans would provide SMSPL a cash
buffer for its projects.

59 In his expert report dated 9 November 2017, Hawkes pointed out that SMSPL’s
cash balances prior to each of the payments by SDPL do not suggest that SMSPL
was short of funds. SMSPL’s cash balance prior to the payment of $288,900
(under the first invoice) was $741,174.10. SMSPL’s cash balance prior to
payment of each of the remaining nine invoices ranged from just over $1m to
more than $1.7m. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Hawkes’s AEIC, PBAEIC, vol 13, tab Q, exhibit OH-1, at paras 4.7.5–4.7.7.

60 In her oral testimony, Patty’s response was that she did not look at
SMSPL’s bank statements or general ledgers. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE, 17 April 2018, at 19:20–20:5 and 22:9–11.

Instead, she assessed SMSPL’s need for funds by reviewing the monthly incoming
funds (which she referred to as the incoming cheque listing) and the expenses
list, and she tried to “balance, make sure that [she] receive[d] enough money
to pay out”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE, 17 April 2018, at 22:10–14.

61 In my view, Patty’s explanation lacks credibility. I find it unbelievable
that Patty, with all her experience, would have tried to assess whether SMSPL
needed funds by merely looking at the incoming funds and expenses list,
without considering what SMSPL’s cash balances were. In any event, assuming
her evidence to be true, Patty was merely trying to balance the expenses
against the incoming funds. Clearly, the question of whether SMSPL was short
of funds or whether its cash buffer needed topping up, could not have been in
her mind since she did not even look at SMSPL’s cash balances.

62 Further, if Patty’s evidence about maintaining a cash buffer is to be
believed, one would expect the timing of the loans to correspond to times when
the cash buffer was insufficient. However, as Hawkes pointed out, the timing
of the alleged loans from SDPL does not appear to be correlated with the
movements of the alleged cash buffer. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Hawkes’ AEIC, PBAEIC, vol 21, tab Z, exhibit OH-2, at para 4.6.8.

Instead, the timing of the alleged loans appeared to be more correlated to
SDPL’s receipt of payments from its own clients. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Hawkes’ AEIC, exhibit OH-2, at paras 5.6.3–5.6.4.

This is also consistent with SDPL’s instructions to its own expert, Mr Andrew
Grimmett (“Grimmett”) from Deloitte & Touche Financial Advisory Services Pte
Ltd, that the flow of funds from SDPL to SMSPL was on a “back-to-back” basis,
ie, SDPL would transfer the monies it received from its projects to SMSPL. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Grimmett’s AEIC, DBAEIC, vol XXIII, tab 30, exhibit AG-1, at para 3.56.

Further, Hawkes’ analysis shows that with respect to nine of the ten alleged
loans referred to in [56] above, SMSPL’s cash balance prior to the payment
exceeded the cash buffer by between 22% to 65%. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Hawkes’ AEIC, exhibit OH-2, at paras 4.6.6–4.6.7.

Clearly, the cash buffer could not have been the reason for those nine alleged
loans.

63 Gafoor’s evidence was that SMSPL’s cash position fell short of the cash
buffer it required after September 2012 until April 2014. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Gafoor’s AEIC, exhibit AAG-1, at para 17.4.5.

However, Gafoor computed the cash buffer based on what he thought SMSPL
needed, ie, three months of operational costs and two months of FF&E. In her
evidence, Patty noted the need to pay FF&E but referred only to three months
of operational costs for the cash buffer that she claimed the loans were
needed for. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 36.

In assessing the credibility of Patty’s explanation, it is what Patty had in
her mind as the cash buffer that is relevant. Gafoor’s analysis was thus not
helpful since it did not show whether SMSPL’s cash balances fell short of the
cash buffer that Patty wanted SMSPL to have. In any event, to test whether the
cash buffer was the reason for the alleged loans, it is necessary to compare
the cash balance against the cash buffer prior to the making of each of the
alleged loans. Gafoor did not do so.

64 The evidence also shows that

(a) between August 2013 and November 2015, SDPL had collected a total sum of
$1,066,087.13 in respect of SMSPL’s projects for which SDPL allegedly acted as
contract administrator; 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Exhibit P13.

and

(b) by December 2013, SDPL’s company in Shanghai, Suying Design (“SD
(Shanghai)”) had received payment of RMB2.16m for SMSPL’s projects in China,
and in August 2014, SD (Shanghai) received payment of another RMB278,875. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Gafoor’s AEIC, exhibit AAG-1, at para 7.2.4 and Appendix 43 (DBAEIC, vol XIII,
tab 19, at p 1059).

65 The monies were due from SDPL to SMSPL. Patty could not give any credible
explanation for not transferring these monies to SMSPL to meet SMSPL’s funding
needs, instead of taking loans from SDPL. Interestingly, Gafoor testified that
Patty instructed him to disregard the monies from SD (Shanghai) because they
were used for the running expenses in China, to purchase FF&E and were “not a
significant amount”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE 24 April 2018, at 79:24–80:17.

Clearly, these should have been considered for inclusion in Gafoor’s
comparisons of SMSPL’s cash balances against the cash buffer since Patty did
not dispute that they were SMSPL’s monies. Further, the amounts received by SD
(Shanghai) were clearly significant amounts when compared to the amount of
alleged “project-linked loans” taken by SMSPL in 2013 ($563,580) and 2014
($156,072.02) (see [56] above).

66 Finally, SMSPL paid $70,433.55 towards Patty’s Bedok property in May 2013
(which Patty claimed was a temporary loan) and SMSPL’s funds were used to pay
SDPL’s income tax of $154,707.65 on 20 November 2013 and SDPL’s GST
liabilities of $14,800.02 on 28 January 2014. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

DBAEIC, vol XXV, at pp 1020 and 1023.

These payments are clearly inconsistent with Patty’s allegation that SMSPL was
short of funds such that a loan of $288,900 was needed in April 2013, and
loans amounting to $156,072.02 were needed in November 2014 (see [56] above).

67 In my judgment, Patty’s allegation that the payments by SDPL to SMSPL
amounting to $719,652.02 were loans taken from SDPL, was an afterthought. Her
description of these payments as “project-linked loans” was itself clearly an
afterthought. The evidence shows that it is far more probable that these
payments were transfers by SDPL to SMSPL of fees collected from SDPL’s pre-
incorporation projects.

Ode to Art’s transfer of $162,193.93 to SMSPL

68 Jazz owns Ode to Art, an art gallery and shop in Singapore. At Jazz’s
request, SD (Shanghai) paid RMB817,133 on behalf of Ode to Art, to various
artists in China. Ode to Art was to reimburse SDPL in Singapore dollars
($162,193.93). 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Patty’s AEIC, at paras 196–197.

69 However, the sum of $162,193.93 was paid to SMSPL instead of SDPL. Patty
claims that she told Nisha to transfer the amount to SMSPL because SMSPL was
in need of funds. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 197.

The payment was made to SMSPL and recorded in SMSPL’s general ledger on 8
February 2013 as cash receipts. The amount was also credited to Patty as an
amount “owing to director”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Hawkes’ AEIC, exhibit OH-1, at section 4.8.

70 Leaving aside the question whether the amount was correctly credited to
Patty in SMSPL’s general ledger, in my view, this payment to SMSPL by SDPL was
a loan and not a payment of fees collected by SDPL for pre-incorporation
projects. Edmund himself admitted that he had no knowledge whether this was a
payment of fees collected. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE, 20 March 2018, at 139:17–140:19.

Other evidence

SDPL’s unbilled fees vs MOX’s unbilled fees; no due diligence

71 Patty argued that she would not have agreed to Edmund’s version of the Oral
Agreement because SDPL’s unbilled fees from its pre-incorporation projects
then were much greater than MOX’s unbilled fees from its pre-incorporation
projects. However, I agree with Edmund that it was not unreasonable for Patty
and him to agree that fees from pre-incorporation projects that were invoiced
after the Incorporation Date to be paid to SMSPL. After all, MOX’s and SDPL’s
employees were all transferred to SMSPL (save for those who were foreigners).
Further, Patty was planning her retirement and intended that Edmund would take
over the running of SMSPL and preserve the “Suying” name.

72 Patty also argued that the fact that no due diligence was done on SDPL’s
and MOX’s unbilled fees supported her version of the Oral Agreement. I do not
think that this is a strong argument since Patty appeared to already know that
SDPL’s unbilled fees exceeded MOX’s. Further, this has to be look at in the
context of Patty’s plans for her retirement and for Edmund to take over and
preserve the “Suying” name.

Patty’s email dated 8 August 2015

73 Next, after Edmund’s resignation, Patty sent a confrontational email to him
on 8 August 2015. Despite Patty having set out at length various aspects of
the Oral Agreement, she made no mention of her assertion that MOX and SDPL had
to reimburse SMSPL for the use of SMSPL’s resources. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PCS, at para 84; PBAEIC, vol 2, at p 837.

When she was queried about this, Patty replied that this was because her email
was simply an “outline of the event” 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE, 11 April 2018, at 132:10–15, 133:5–12,

and was “a general response” to Edmund’s email requesting to handover his
projects and for access to SMSPL’s financial accounts. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE, 11 April 2018, 133:5–12, 17 April 2018, 62:9-63:18; Edmund’s email on 28
July 2015, at PBAEIC, vol 2, at p 872.

Patty further alleged during re-examination that she had not mentioned
reimbursement as it “was already done by 8 August”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE, 17 April 2018, at 65:13-21.

74 I do not accept Patty’s explanation. Her email was not merely a “very quick
response” to Edmund’s email as she had alleged, 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE, 11 April 2018, at 133:5–12.

but went into great detail about SMSPL’s incorporation, including the fact
that Edmund had represented to the other shareholders that he “shared the
“Suying” vision and that [he] would continue the legacy, built upon the
“Suying” brand…” 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PBAEIC, vol 2, at p 838.

Further, Patty’s explanation that she did not mention reimbursement in her
email because it “was already done”, is suspect. The loans from SDPL had been
repaid but this did not stop from Patty mentioning the loans in her email.

Parties’ witnesses

75 Anita and Chai Boon testified in support of Patty’s version of the Oral
Agreement. Both were present at the fourth meeting (with Patty and Edmund) in
January 2012 (see [6] above). Mr Seah Chin Kwang (“Seah”) testified in support
of Edmund’s version of the Oral Agreement. Seah was an Associate Partner in
MOX and subsequently moved over to SMSPL. His testimony was based on his
discussions with Patty as well as briefings by Patty. Obviously, the
conflicting evidence of these witnesses, as with the conflicting evidence of
Patty and Edmund, has to be considered against the totality of the evidence.

Conclusion on the terms of the Oral Agreement

76 There are some aspects of the evidence that, looked at on their own,
support Patty’s case. However, in my judgment, the totality of the evidence
discussed above points to Edmund’s version of the Oral Agreement being more
probable than Patty’s. I find therefore that pursuant to the Oral Agreement,
all fees (less expenses incurred) for pre-incorporation projects, collected by
MOX and SDPL based on invoices issued after the Incorporation Date, are to be
paid over to SMSPL. However, as conceded by Edmund, this would not apply where
the work had been completed before the Incorporation Date. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE, 21 March 2018, at 156:3–160:6.

Edmund’s claim under s 216

77 In his closing submissions, Edmund relied on the following allegations:

(a) The payment of $1,164,580 to Patty on 15 July 2015.

(b) The payment of $1,642,510.99 to SDPL on 30 July 2015.

(c) The denial and/or obstruction of his access to SMSPL’s financial
documents.

(d) The claw-back of director’s fees and dividends.

(e) The failure to pay Edmund’s salary for October 2015.

(f) Excluding Edmund from decision-making in relation to SMSPL’s affairs while
he remained a director of SMSPL.

(g) Various claims set out in the Annexes to the statement of claim.

(h) SMSPL’s payment of $50,048 for salaries of SDPL’s employees.

(i) Writing off the sum of $194,290.08 owed by SDPL to SMSPL.

(j) Other wrongful reductions of SMSPL’s revenue.

(k) SMSPL’s continued payment of rent, overheads and salaries after it had
ceased operations in April 2016.

(l) SMSPL’s payment towards Patty’s Bedok property.

Payment of $1,164,580 to Patty on 15 July 2015

78 As stated earlier, on 13 July 2015, Edmund informed Patty of his
resignation from SMSPL and on 15 July 2105, Patty paid herself $1,164,580 by
way of 23 cheques for $50,000 each and one cheque for $14,580. Patty claimed
that Nisha made a mistake as to the amount and after she (Patty) realised the
mistake, she returned $492,580 to SMSPL on 27 July 2015. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 224.

79 Patty claimed that the balance amount of $672,000 was payment of her
gratuity ($600,000) and pay adjustment for the period from January to June
2015 ($72,000).

80 Patty claimed that during a meeting with Ane and Edmund on 8 June 2015, she
reiterated that her last day of employment with SMSPL would be 30 June 2015.
According to Patty, it was agreed at this meeting that she be paid a gratuity
of $600,000 and a pay adjustment amounting to $72,000 for the period from
January to June 2015. Patty claimed that the gratuity amount was based on 4%
of the value of projects that she had brought to SMSPL and the pay adjustment
was to reflect what she had been entitled to in SDPL. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Patty’s AEIC, at paras 209.6-209.7; NE, 17 April 2018, at 110:1–21.

Patty also claimed that her gratuity was again discussed at another meeting
with Anita and Edmund on 22 June 2015. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 214.6.

81 Anita testified that Patty told her about the $600,000 gratuity sometime
after the 8 June 2015 meeting and that Patty’s gratuity was also discussed at
the meeting on 22 June 2015 although the amount was not mentioned. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE, 5 April 2018, at 44:25–45:10; Anita’s AEIC, DBAEIC, vol VIII, tab 10, at
para 77(e).

82 In his affidavit evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Edmund denied any discussion
of either a gratuity or a pay adjustment. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 49;

However, in his oral testimony, Edmund admitted that there was a discussion
about paying Patty a gratuity and the figure of $600,000 was raised; however,
Edmund would have to look at the accounts, and it would depend on whether the
SMSPL’s accounts show that it was able to pay her that amount. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE, 21 March 2018, at 47:25–48:8 and 50:8–17.

Edmund also conceded that the relative billings and contributions were also
discussed. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE, 21 March 2018, at 50:18–24.

83 I do not accept Patty’s explanations for the withdrawal of the amount of
$1,164,580. First, Patty admitted that she told Nisha to issue multiple
cheques in order to “fit [her] single signatory limit of $50,000”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 219.

A single cheque could have been issued for Edmund’s and Patty’s joint
signature. Edmund was in the office then; Patty even claimed that he was
within earshot. Since the withdrawal was for Patty’s gratuity and pay
adjustment and Edmund had allegedly agreed to both, there was no reason for
Patty to issue 24 cheques in order that Patty could sign the cheques without
requiring Edmund’s signature. The irresistible inferences are that Patty did
not want Edmund to know that she was making the withdrawals and that Edmund
had not agreed to the gratuity.

84 Second, Patty and Anita signed a resolution dated 30 December 2014,
authorising the payment of $600,000 to Patty. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PBAEIC, vol 1, at p 757.

Under cross-examination, Patty admitted that the resolution was signed in late
July 2015 (ie, after Edmund had resigned but before he had left SMSPL) and
backdated. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE, 12 April 2018, at 90:5–91:2.

Clearly, if there had been an agreement to pay Patty $600,000 as gratuity or
bonus, there would have been no need for the resolution to be backdated and
neither would there have been any reason not to have asked Edmund to sign the
same. Even if Patty wanted to backdate the resolution because the gratuity had
already been paid, there was no reason to backdate it to 30 December 2014
which is some six months earlier than the alleged agreement to pay her the
gratuity. Patty alleged that the resolution was suggested in late July by Ms
Karen Ng (“Karen”) from M/s Karen Ng and Associates which provided book-
keeping services to SMSPL. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE, 12 April 2018, at 90:12–20.

However, Patty did not call Karen as a witness.

85 Third, Nisha testified that the reason for the initial payment of
$1,164,580 (with the alleged overpayment of $492,580) was because she had
misunderstood Patty’s instructions and had thought Patty was asking her to
prepare repayment of loans from SDPL. I do not accept Nisha’s testimony for
the following reasons:

(a) Patty alleged in her AEIC that she “reminded Nisha to prepare the payments
for her gratuity and adjusted pay”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 218.

Nisha’s claim that she misunderstood this to mean Patty was asking her to
prepare repayment of loans from SDPL is simply too far-fetched.

(b) Nisha alleged that the amount of $1,164,580 included $563,580 which was
supposed to comprise the loans extended by SDPL in 2013 and 2014, but she made
a mistake in that she failed to include loans extended in 2014. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Nisha’s AEIC, at para 79.

I do not accept Nisha’s explanation. According to Nisha, she was tabulating
the loans for 2013 and 2014. I find it hard to believe that she would not have
noticed that the supporting documents that she allegedly relied on, 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Nisha’s AEIC, at para 79 and pp 235–237.

were only for 2013. In any event, the amount of $563,580 was part of the
$719,652.02 which I have concluded (at [67] above) were not loans but
transfers by SDPL to SMSPL of fees collected from SDPL’s pre-incorporation
projects.

(c) If the cheques were for the repayment of loans from SDPL, then they should
have been made payable to SDPL instead of Patty. Nisha claimed that Patty
instructed her to seek Shin’s views and when she spoke to Shin, he told her to
make payment to Patty. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Nisha’s AEIC, at para 83.

In my view, Nisha’s evidence was not credible. Why would Patty ask her to seek
Shin’s views if the payments were for her gratuity and pay adjustments, which
according to Patty, had been agreed? Yet, if the payments were repayments of
loans from SDPL, why would Nisha need to ask Shin who to make payment to, and
why would Shin tell Nisha to make payment to Patty? Shin gave evidence for the
defendants and, as Edmund submitted, Shin’s AEIC is conspicuously silent on
this matter.

86 Fourth, Patty claimed that she subsequently discovered that she had been
overpaid and she then returned $492,580 to SMSPL on 27 July 2015. Nisha
testified that on a date after 24 July 2015, on the instructions of either
Patty or Shin, she prepared a payment voucher 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PBAEIC, vol 1, at p 681.

for a loan of $492,580 from SMSPL to Patty and backdated it to 15 July 2015.
118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE, 18 April 2018, at 92:22–94:1

Clearly, the payment voucher was a false document. There was no loan of
$492,580 by SMSPL to Patty. There was no need for Patty to go through the
rigmarole of preparing a payment voucher falsely showing a loan to her, if
indeed there was an overpayment by mistake.

87 Fifth, by Patty’s own account, it took her almost one week to realise that
she been overpaid, and a week thereafter to effect the repayment of $492,580.
Patty was clear in her mind that her alleged entitlement was only for
$672,000. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PCS, at para 34; NE, 12 April 2018, at 115:18–116:11.

In her AEIC, she claimed she was “pleasantly surprised” and at trial she
claimed it was a “shock” that the amount paid to her was $1,164,580. However,
she could offer no explanation for why she nevertheless went on to accept the
$1,164,580 (rather than $672,000) other than it was her fault. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 221, NE, 12 April 2018, at 116:5–11.

88 In my judgment, Patty’s gratuity may have been discussed but there was no
agreement reached. Neither was there any agreement to pay her any pay
adjustment. I agree with Edmund’s submission that after Edmund gave notice of
his resignation, Patty moved quickly to withdraw $1,164,580 from SMSPL without
Edmund’s knowledge. Patty achieved this by instructing Nisha to break the
amount into 24 cheques each specifically drawn for an amount not exceeding her
single cheque signing authority. Patty’s explanations about her gratuity and
pay adjustments, as well as her reason for repaying $$492,580 to SMSPL, were
all nothing more than afterthoughts. Patty had to repay the sum of $492,580 to
SMSPL because she could not come up with any other reason to justify the
payment of that amount to her. Patty is not entitled to retain the balance of
$672,000.

Payment of $1,642,510.99 to SDPL

89 By 25 July 2015, Patty had removed Edmund as a joint signatory for SMSPL’s
bank account with UOB. On 29 July 2015, Patty signed the Debit Notes to be
issued by SDPL to SMSPL for payment of “consultancy fees”. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Patty’s AEIC, at paras 230-232; DBAEIC, vol XXV, tab 33, at pp 597–605.

The Debit Notes were all backdated to various dates from 12 June 2014 to 28
June 2015. As stated in [17] above, the total amount on the Debit Notes was
$1,765,057. Patty deducted a total amount of $230,000 allegedly for drafting
services performed by SMSPL. The total amount payable to SDPL was therefore
$1,535,057 before GST. After adding GST, the total amount became
$1,642,510.99. Payment to SDPL was by way of nine cheques (all dated 29 July
2015) which Patty signed. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

DBAEIC, vol XXV, tab 33, at pp 607–610.

90 Patty alleged that around 24 July 2015, she had worked out the inter-
company debts between SDPL and SMSPL and she asked Nisha to send the draft
invoices for Karen’s review. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 229; DBAEIC, vol XXV, tab 33, at pp 587–595.

It appears from email correspondence that it was Karen who suggested issuing
debit notes instead. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

DBAEIC, vol XXV, tab 33, at pp 584–586.

It is not clear what was told to Karen; Nisha’s email to Karen merely referred
to “incoming fund[s]” for SMSPL from 2012 to 2015.

91 Each of the Debit Notes was for “Consultancy Fee[s]” for a certain period.
According to Patty, the consultancy fee reflected the loan from SDPL. Eight of
the Debit Notes each showed a deduction for “drafting services”. Patty claimed
that these deductions reflected the reimbursement by SDPL for use of SMSPL’s
resources. GST was then added to the net amount on each debit note.

92 The relevant particulars of the nine debit notes were as follows:

Debit NoteDateConsultancy Fee| Alleged Loan from SDPL (according to Patty)|
Less “drafting services”| Amount due to SDPL| Amount due to SDPL including GST
125

##### Foot Note 125

× [(Consultancy Fee) – (Drafting Services)] x 1.07.  
---|---|---|---|---  
DN-001 12 January 2014$176,000| Loan of $176,000 on 31 August 2012 | $20,000| $156,000| $166,920  
DN-00212 June 2014$424,000| Loan of $424,000 on 19 September 2012| $60,000|
$364,000| $389,480  
DN-00312 June 2014$40,532| Loan of $20,000 on 22 October 2013 (from SDPL’s
Chennai Villa project).Nisha added another $20,592 by mistake.| $10,000|
$30,532| $32,669.24  
DN-004 30 November 2014$162,193| OTA payments to SMSPL on 8 February 2013 on
behalf of SDPL| $20,000| $142,193| $152,146.51  
DN-00528 February 2015$288,900| Loan on 19 April 2013 (from SDPL’s Keppel Plot
3 project)| $40,000| $248,900| $266,323  
DN-006 10 May 2015$244,700| Loans of:(a) $3,210 on 9 July 2013 (from SDPL’s 45
Faber Crescent project)(b) $51,360 on 9 July 2013 (from SDPL’s 17 Greenleaf
Rise project)(c) $9,630 on 9 July 2013 (from SDPL’s Riversails Common Area
project)(d) $160,500 on 9 July 2013 (from SDPL’s Riversails Typical Apartment
Units project)(e) $20,000 on 13 June 2013 (from SDPL’s Chennai Villa project)|
$40,000| $204,700| $219,029  
DN-007 10 June 2015$99,200| Loan of $49,980 on 4 December 2014 (from SDPL’s
Chennai Villa project).Nisha mistakenly included $6,420, $10,700 and $32,100
which were for SMSPL’s Sky Suites project.| $20,000| $79,200| $84,744  
DN-00821 June 2015$99,510| Nisha mistakenly included $48,150, $19,260 and
$32,100 which were for SMSPL’s Sky Suites project.| $0| $99,510| $106,475.70  
DN-00928 June 2015$230,022| Loans of:(a) $56,101.01 on 4 December 2014 (from
SDPL’s China project)(b) $56,101.01 on 4 December 2014 (from SDPL’s China
project)(c) $21,400 on 4 December 2014 (from SDPL’s Sky Suites, Typical
Apartment Units project)(d) $22,470 on 4 December 2014 (from SDPL’s Sky
Suites, Common Area project)Nisha mistakenly added $41,850 and $32,100 which
were for SMSPL’s Sky Suites project.| $20,000| $210,022| $224,723.54  
Total:$1,765,057| | Total :$230,000| Total :$1,535,057| Total :$1,642,510.99  
  
93 The amounts in DN-001 ($176,000), DN-002 ($424,000) and DN-004 ($162,193)
have been dealt with earlier and I have found that these were loans from SDPL
to SMSPL – see [51] and [68]–[70] above. There was therefore nothing wrong
with the repayment of these loans to SDPL.

94 The following amounts have also been dealt with earlier and I have found
that these were not loans but payments by SDPL of fees collected from its
post-incorporation projects (see [56] and [67] above):

(a) $288,900 under DN-005;

(b) $3,210, $51,360, $9,630 and $160,500 (out of the total amount of $244,700)
under DN-006;

(c) $49,980 (out of the total amount of $99,200) under DN-007; and

(d) $56,101.01, $56,101,01, $21,400 and $22,470 (out of the total amount of
$230,022) under DN-009.

The above add up to $719,652.02.

95 The remaining two items are DN-003 and an amount of $20,000 under DN-006.
With respect to DN-003, Patty admitted that the correct amount should have
been $20,000 and that the additional amount of $20,532 was a mistake by Nisha.
126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 230.4.

The amount of $20,000 under DN-003 and the amount of $20,000 under DN-006,
both described by Patty as “cash from SDPL’s Chennai Villa project”, 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Patty’s AEIC, at paras 230.4 and 230.8.

have been paid to SMSPL under similar circumstances as the payment of the
amounts referred to in [94] above. In her AEIC on behalf of SDPL, Patty also
asserted that Nisha neglected to include an additional $10,000 into the debit
notes, which were also cash deposits from the Chennai Villa project and that
this was also a loan from SDPL to SMSPL. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at paras 65 and 106(3).

I reject Patty’s explanations. Accordingly, I find that these payments were
also payments by SDPL of fees collected from its post-incorporation projects.

96 Clearly therefore, not all of the debit notes were in respect of loans from
SDPL to SMSPL.

97 The amounts which Patty alleged to have been included by Nisha by mistake,
add up to $243,212.

98 In my view, the Debit Notes were just excuses for Patty to withdraw moneys
from SMSPL’s account following Edmund’s resignation. As discussed above, only
three of the Debit Notes related to loans from SDPL. Payment on the remaining
six of the Debit Notes was therefore wrongful.

99 As for the deductions for “drafting services” in the debit notes, I have
found in favour of Edmund’s version of the Oral Agreement. There was therefore
no basis for these deductions. In my view, the deductions for drafting
services were just attempts by Patty made after the fact to support her
allegation that under the Oral Agreement, SDPL and MOX were to reimburse SMSPL
for use of SMSPL’s resources.

Denial / obstruction of access to SMSPL’s financial documents

100 I accept Edmund’s evidence that he was denied and/or obstructed from
having access to SMSPL’s financial documents. First, it is clear that Patty
did not welcome Edmund’s requests for SMSPL’s accounts. In her email dated 8
August 2015 to Edmund, she said “we do not understand why you are requesting
to see [SMSPL’s] accounts. In the last three (3) years, you never manage[d]
the accounts at all”. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PBAEIC, vol 2, at p 841.

101 Second, on 23 or 24 July 2015, Patty showed Edmund three documents – a
notice of an annual general meeting (“AGM”), directors’ resolution, and
minutes of the AGM supposedly held on 30 June 2015. The minutes sought to
adopt SMSPL’s accounts for 2014. Patty wanted Edmund to sign the documents but
Edmund refused. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at paras 109–111.

Edmund claimed that he refused to sign because he asked for a copy of the 2014
accounts but was refused. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE, 27 March 2018, at 62:9–13.

I reject Patty’s denial that Edmund did not ask for the accounts. There is no
reason why Edmund would have refused to sign the minutes otherwise. On 28 July
2015, Edmund sent an email to Patty, stating that he would not be able to sign
the minutes as he had not received the 2014 accounts. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

PBAEIC, vol 2, at p 872.

Edmund also repeated his request for the 2014 accounts. On 5 August 2015,
Edmund’s lawyers wrote to Patty seeking, among other things, copies of the
company’s accounts for 2012 to date. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

PBAEIC, vol 2, at p 874.

In her oral testimony, Patty first claimed that SMSPL’s accounts were on the
shelves and Edmund could help himself to them, only to subsequently admit that
the 2014 accounts were not on the shelves and that she did not have them. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NE, 10 April 2018, at 153:18–154:15.

102 Third, Edmund also asked Nisha for certain documents. On 31 August 2015,
Nisha emailed Edmund to get his lawyers to make a comprehensive list of what
he wanted and send the list to Patty’s lawyers. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

PBAEIC, vol 2, at p 904.

Nisha admitted that her email was sent to Edmund on Patty’s instructions. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE, 18 April 2018, at 103:7–15.

103 Fourth, on 5 October 2015, Edmund contacted Karen who refused to release
any of SMSPL’s documents to him and instead referred him to Patty’s lawyers.
137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 155(o).

104 Fifth, on 9 October 2015, Edmund applied to the Court for inspection of
SMSPL’s accounts in his capacity as director. SMSPL objected to the
application on the ground that Edmund had an ulterior motive in seeking access
to SMSPL’s accounts. Before the application could be heard, Edmund received
notice of a directors’ meeting to be held on 17 December 2015 to consider,
among other things, convening an EGM to remove Edmund as director. Edmund’s
requests to adjourn the directors’ meeting and the EGM were not acceded to.
Edmund then sought and obtained an injunction to restrain SMSPL and Patty from
removing him as a director. On 25 January 2016, I granted Edmund’s application
to inspect the company’s accounts. Patty’s conduct is clear evidence that
Edmund was denied and/or obstructed from having access to SMSPL’s accounts.

105 Sixth, SMSPL’s finalised 2014 accounts were never produced, not even
during the trial. I do not accept Patty’s assertion that she did not have the
2014 accounts for the following reasons:

(a) Patty had asked Edmund to sign the minutes of AGM adopting these accounts.

(b) Patty informed Jazz on 17 June 2015 that SMSPL had a profit of
approximately $890,000 for 2014 after tax. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PBAEIC, vol 1, at pp 602–603

Patty said that this figure was based on information from Shin and agreed that
it must have been based on the finalised 2014 accounts. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE, 10 April 2018, at 99:11–102:7.

(c) Karen had filed SMSPL’s Annual Return on the basis that the 2014 accounts
had been finalized and approved. Patty claimed that she was shocked. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE, 10 April 2018, at 103:8–13.

I find it quite unbelievable that SMSPL’s book-keeper would have filed the
Annual Return without getting Patty’s confirmation on the accounts. SMSPL and
Patty did not call Karen as a witness and I draw an adverse inference against
them in this regard.

(d) SMSPL’s notice of assessment dated 12 May 2015 disclosed an income of
$948,368 for 2014. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

PBAEIC, vol 2, at p 832.

Patty agreed that the assessment could only have been prepared from an income
statement given by SMSPL.

(e) During the course of the trial, SMSPL produced a copy of SMSPL’s unaudited
financial statement for 2014 and a set of several of SMSPL’s accounting
documents for 2014. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Exhibit 1D-11 and 1D-12.

These were still not the finalised 2014 accounts. Even so, they were not given
to Edmund earlier.

106 The 2014 accounts are relevant to several issues in this case. I find it
most disturbing that SMSPL and Patty did not disclose the 2014 accounts and
that even the unaudited financial statements for 2014 and several accounting
documents for 2014 were only produced during the course of this trial.

Claw-back of director’s fees and dividends

107 Edmund’s director’s fees and dividends for 2012 and 2013 were as follows:
143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 68.

Year| Director’s fees| Dividends  
---|---|---  
2012| $200,000.00| $48,700.05  
2013| $315,000.00(received: $50,000.00)| $280,000.00(received: $150,000.00)  
  
108 Edmund thus received a total amount of $448,700.05. In this action, he is
also claiming for the balance unpaid amounts of $265,000 (unpaid director’s
fees for 2013) and $130,000 (unpaid dividends for 2013). SMSPL has
counterclaimed the amount of $398,700.05 (comprising the director’s fee for
2012 and dividends for 2012 and 2013) that Edmund has received.

109 When Edmund notified Patty of his resignation on 13 July 2015, Patty
wanted Edmund to return to SMSPL all the advances from SMSPL to him. Patty
admitted to requiring Edmund to repay the total sum of the director’s fees and
dividends that had been paid to him, amounting to $448,700.05. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Patty’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), at para 28.

110 SMSPL and Patty claimed that

(a) the director’s fee paid to Edmund for 2012 was in fact a loan; 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 272.

(b) it was agreed on 22 June 2015 that with respect to Edmund’s director’s fee
for 2013, the outstanding amount of $265,000 would be loaned to SMSPL; 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 293.1.

and

(c) the declarations of dividends for 2012 and 2013 were made under a mistake
of fact as to SMSPL’s profits. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Patty’s AEIC, at paras 274 and 284.

Edmund’s director’s fee for 2012

111 I reject SMSPL’s and Patty’s assertions that Edmund’s director’s fee for
2012 was in fact a loan to him.

112 First, Patty relied on the fact that the sum of $200,000 was described in
SMSPL’s payment voucher as “Advanced Director Fee”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at p 521.

Patty argued that the word “advanced” meant it was a loan. In my view, this
argument was contrived and unmeritorious. The payment voucher referred to a
“director fee”. There was simply no reason why it could not have been
described as a loan if it was intended to be a loan. Further, under cross-
examination, Anita explained that this was not a loan but a director’s fee,
paid to Edmund earlier than Patty or herself. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NE, 5 April 2018, at 24:23–26:10.

Anita’s evidence is consistent with the fact that Patty and Anita received
their respective payments of $50,000 each only in February 2014 and the
payment vouchers clearly described the same as “director fees”. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

PBAEIC, vol 1, at pp 524 – 525.

Edmund’s director’s fee had been paid to him earlier, in August 2013.

113 Second, even by Patty’s own account, around June 2013 when SMSPL’s 2012
accounts were closed, she was told by Karen that SMSPL could “take out”
$300,000 as “director fees” if required. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Patty’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), at para 28.3; Patty’s AEIC,
at para 271.

Subsequently, at an AGM held on 30 June 2013, the shareholders of SMSPL
approved payment of $300,000 as directors’ fee for 2012, to Edmund ($200,000),
Anita ($50,000) and Patty ($50,000). 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

PBAEIC, vol 1, at pp 517–520.

Even if Edmund had asked at the end of 2012 if he could have an advance (as
Patty claimed), the fact remains that the $200,000 was approved as director’s
fee for Edmund in June 2013 and paid to Edmund in August 2013 as director’s
fee.

114 Third, the sum of $300,000 was charged as directors’ fee in SMSPL’s
financial statements for 2012 which were signed by Patty. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

PBAEIC, vol 1, at p 626.

115 Fourth, Edmund declared his receipt of $200,000 as director’s fees and
paid tax on it. There was no reason for Edmund to do so if it was just a loan.

116 Fifth, Patty claimed that she met with Edmund and Anita on 3 November 2014
and they agreed that, among other things, Edmund would receive $150,000 which,
together with his director’s fee of $200,000 for 2012, would allow him to
recover his capital investment of $350,000 in SMSPL. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 278.

In his email to Jazz dated the same day, Edmund informed Jazz that SMSPL would
pay all the directors their “seeding money” and that he would receive $150,000
to add to the “$200,000 previous[ly] paid”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

DBD, vol A10, at p 5306.

In my view, Patty treatment of the $200,000 as part of Edmund’s recovery of
his capital investment confirmed that it could not have been a loan. It is
completely illogical to treat the payment of $200,000 as part of Edmund’s
return of his capital investment if that payment was a loan.

117 Sixth, in a message dated 17 June 2015 to Jazz, Patty stated the
following: 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

PBAEIC, vol 1, p 602.

… for the record, Edmund got from the company so far for the director’s fee
and company’s dividends for the last 2 years accounts (accounts for year
ending 2012 & 2013) is quite a lot up [to] today (it is in excess of
$400,000.00 to date.) Hope it goes to helping you guys pay the house mortgage
or the rebuilding construction loan so that [you] guys do not have to shoulder
the heavy weight [of] these loans…(sic)

Clearly, in her message, Patty did not treat Edmund’s director’s fee for 2012
as a loan.

118 Seventh, in an email dated 8 August 2015 to Edmund, Patty referred to the
$300,000 paid as directors’ fees for 2012 and took the position that since
Edmund was paid $200,000 and Anita and she were only paid $50,000 each,
therefore Edmund had taken an advance of $150,000. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PBAEIC, vol 2, at pp 840–841 (at para 22).

This statement is inconsistent with Patty’s present claim that the $200,000
was a loan. If the $200,000 paid to Edmund had been a loan (as Patty now
claims), Patty would have simply taken that position in her email. In my view,
Patty’s assertion of a loan (whether it was $150,000 or $200,000) was an
afterthought.

119 In my judgment, the amount of $200,000 was paid to Edmund as director’s
fee for 2012. Patty had no reason to ask Edmund to repay the amount to SMSPL.

Edmund’s director’s fee for 2013

120 A total amount of $900,000 was approved as directors’ fees for 2013. This
amount was also reflected in SMSPL’s Schedule of Expenses for 2013. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

PBAEIC, vol 1, at p 654.

The director’s fee for Patty was $405,000, Anita $180,000 and Edmund $315,000.
Edmund received payment of $50,000 in January 2015 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 68.

and Patty received payment of $100,000 in February 2015.

121 It is clear that a sum of $265,000 is due to Edmund in respect of his
director’s fee for 2013. SMSPL and Patty pleaded that Edmund is not entitled
to the balance as it had been agreed that the monies would be kept in SMSPL as
working capital. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 21; Patty’s Defence
and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), at para 36.1.

I see no basis for SMSPL’s and Patty’s defences. Both have pleaded that the
balance amount was to be loaned to SMSPL. Since no specific agreement as to
its repayment has been pleaded, the loan must be repayable on demand.

122 SMSPL further pleaded that this sum should be set off against the alleged
advance of $200,000 paid as director’s fee for 2012, and the dividends paid to
Edmund for 2012 and 2013. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 47.

I have held that the payment of $200,000 was not an advance but Edmund’s
director’s fee for 2012. As for the dividends these are dealt with below.

Payment of dividends for 2012

123 SMSPL’s financial statements for 2012, signed by Patty on 3 June 2013,
showed a net profit of $139,967. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

PBAEIC, vol 1, at p 631.

A sum of $139,143 was declared as dividends for 2012 and paid in June 2015 to
Patty ($62,614.35), Anita ($27,828.60) and Edmund ($48,700.05). 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 275; DBAEIC, vol XIV, at pp 1359–1361.

124 SMSPL and Patty now claim that the accounts have been reviewed after the
commencement of this action, and after making adjustments and deducting tax,
SMSPL in fact suffered a loss of $18,713.13 for 2012. SMSPL and Patty
therefore say that the dividends for 2012 were wrongly declared and paid.

125 SMSPL and Patty pleaded the following adjustments to SMSPL’s accounts for
2012: 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at paras 27–31; Patty’s
Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), at para 28.7.

(a) The revenue was reduced by $125,837.43. SMSPL pleaded that this amount was
wrongly classified as revenue. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 27.

However, it is not clear from the pleadings, AEICs or closing submissions,
what this amount related to or why it was wrongly classified. Accordingly, I
find that SMSPL and Patty have failed to prove that this adjustment was
proper.

(b) A sum of $315,118.54 was added to the revenue. This comprised charges to
SDPL and MOX for use of SMSPL’s resources. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 28.

As I have found in favour of Edmund’s version of the Oral Agreement, this
adjustment was not justified.

(c) A sum of $560,747.65, originally recorded as income, was recorded as a
liability instead. The sum of $560,747.65 refers to the $600,000 (comprising
$176,000 and $424,000) paid by SDPL to SMSPL, after removing the GST. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 29; Gafoor’s AEIC,
exhibit AAG-1, at para 5.2.7.

SMSPL and Patty claimed that these were loans from SDPL. I have found (at [51]
above) that these were indeed loans from SDPL. The adjustment was therefore
justified.

(d) A sum of $203,430.71, originally recorded as income, was recorded as
expenses instead. These were expenses (including salaries for SMSPL’s
employees) which SDPL paid on behalf of SMSPL before SMSPL opened a bank
account. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 30; Gafoor’s AEIC,
exhibit AAG-1, at paras 5.2.1–5.2.4.

Edmund did not dispute this. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 96.

This adjustment was justified.

(e) The sum of $300,000 originally recorded as an expense, was recorded as
advances instead. This was based on the allegation that this amount was not
paid as directors’ fees but as advances to the directors. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 31.

I have found that the amount was not paid as advances but as directors’ fees.
The adjustment was therefore not justified.

Patty pleaded additional adjustments for freight and handling charges
($8,021.28) and sub-contractors’ fees ($34,937.80). As no evidence was adduced
to substantiate these, I find that Patty has not proved that these additional
adjustments were justified.

126 Patty’s reliance on the pleaded grounds for the adjustments to SMSPL’s
accounts for 2012 was not justified save for two adjustments involving
$560,747.65 and $203,430.71 in (c) and (d) above. In the circumstances, Patty
did not act in good faith when she insisted that Edmund returned the dividends
received by him for 2012.

127 The adjustments involving $560,747.65 and $203,430.71 in (c) and (d) above
are to be made to the original accounts of SMSPL for 2012. In addition, as I
have found in favour of Edmund’s version of the Oral Agreement, all fees in
respect of MOX’s and SDPL’s pre-incorporation projects which were collected
based on invoices in 2012 (after the Incorporation Date) have to be included
as part of SMSPL’s revenue for 2012. Fees from SDPL’s pre-incorporation
projects that are set out in Annex A of the statement of claim, are dealt with
in [148] and [149] below. Further, fees collected by SDPL in 2012 in respect
of post-incorporation projects (see Annex B of the statement of claim and
[157] below) will also have to be added to SMSPL’s revenue for 2012.

128 Whether there were sufficient profits in 2012 to support the dividends
declared will only be known after adjustments have been made to SMSPL’s
accounts for 2012 to give effect to the findings in this case. All fees in
respect of MOX’s and SDPL’s pre-incorporation projects which have been paid
pursuant to invoices issued in 2012 after the Incorporation Date have to be
included as part of SMSPL’s revenue for 2012. To the extent that the profits
are insufficient to support the dividends declared, the respective
shareholders will have to return either all or part (proportionally) of the
dividends received by each of them.

Payment of dividends for 2013

129 SMSPL’s financial statements for 2013, signed by Patty on 3 June 2013,
showed a net profit of $898,989. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

PBAEIC, vol 1, at p 653.

Patty’s case is that in February 2014, Shin advised her that SMSPL could “take
out” a sum of about $1.7m – $1.8m for 2013. She then met with Edmund and Anita
and they agreed that $900,000 would be paid as directors’ fees and $800,000
would be declared as dividends. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 276.

In November 2014, Anita was paid dividends of $200,000, Edmund $150,000 and
Patty $450,000. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 278.

Edmund claimed that his 35% share of the dividends amounted to $280,000 and
there is therefore a sum of $130,000 still owing to him as dividends for 2013.

130 Patty claimed that she met with Edmund and Anita on 3 November 2014 and
they agreed that the sum of $800,000 would be distributed as follows:

(a) $150,000 to Edmund. Together with his director’s fee of $200,000 for 2012,
this would allow Edmund to recover his capital investment of $350,000 in
SMSPL;

(b) $450,000 to Patty to allow her to recover her capital investment of
$450,000 in SMSPL; and

(c) $200,000 to Anita to allow her to recover her capital investment of
$200,000 in SMSPL.

This meeting was referred to earlier in [116] above.

131 Patty’s claim is supported by an email dated 3 November 2014 from Edmund
to Jazz in which Edmund said: 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

DBD, vol A10, at p 5306.

This has been discussed with both Patty and Anita today 3 Nov 2014.

Currently [SMSPL] receivable for January 2014 to October 2014 is $4.9m++.
[SMSPL] will not bill for the rest of the year. Receivable will be bill next
year.

As for 2013 declared Directors Fees of $900,000.

There is a $250K owing to director Patty which she is not claiming yet.

[SMSPL] will payout to all director the seeding money.

Patty - $450,000

Edmund – ($200,000 previously paid) - $150,000

Anita - $250,000

Remaining $100K Patty says put back in account.

132 Edmund’s email referred to the directors’ fee of $900,000. I do not think
that the reference to directors’ fees instead of dividends, is material. It is
not disputed that Edmund received $150,000 as dividends in November 2014 and
$50,000 in January 2015 as payment of part of his director’s fee for 2013.
Patty received $450,000 in dividends for 2013 and Anita received $200,000. I
agree with Patty that the three shareholders of SMSPL had agreed to the
distribution of dividends as set out in [130] above. In the circumstances,
Edmund is not entitled to any further dividends for 2013.

133 Next, as with the dividends for 2012, SMSPL and Patty now claim that after
making adjustments to its accounts, SMSPL’s profits were $575,952 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 33.

and thus the dividends amounting to $800,000 for 2013 were wrongly declared
and paid.

134 SMSPL and Patty pleaded the following adjustments to SMSPL’s accounts for
2013: 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 33–37; Patty’s
Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), at para 29.4.

(a) A sum of $259,980, originally classified as revenue, was recorded as a
liability instead. The sum of $259,980 is the total of five invoices
(SM-2013-038 to 041 and SM-2013-066) which form part of the $719,652.02
referred to in [56] above, after removing the GST. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 34; Gafoor’s AEIC,
exhibit AAG-1, at para 5.2.29.

SMSPL and Patty claimed that these were loans from SDPL. I have found (at [67]
above) that these were payment of fees collected from SDPL’s pre-incorporation
projects and not loans. This adjustment is therefore not justified.

(b) A sum of $237,537.15, originally classified as revenue, was wrongly
classified. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 35.

However, it is not clear from the pleadings, AEICs or closing submissions,
what this amount related to or why it was wrongly classified. Accordingly, I
find that SMSPL has failed to prove that this adjustment was proper.

(c) A sum of $307,067.18 was added to the revenue. This comprised charges to
SDPL and MOX for use of SMSPL’s resources. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 37.

As I have found in favour of Edmund’s version of the Oral Agreement, this
adjustment was not justified.

Patty pleaded additional adjustments for freight and handling charges
($32,181.66) and sub-contractors’ fees ($181,178.72). As no evidence was
adduced to substantiate these, I find that Patty has not proved that these
additional adjustments were justified.

135 Patty’s reliance on the pleaded grounds for the adjustments to SMSPL’s
accounts for 2013 was not justified. In the circumstances, Patty did not act
in good faith when she insisted that Edmund return the dividends received by
him for 2013.

136 Again, whether there were sufficient profits in 2013 to support the
dividends declared will only be known after adjustments have been made to
SMSPL’s accounts for 2013 to give effect to the findings in this case. All
fees in respect of MOX’s and SDPL’s pre-incorporation projects which have been
paid pursuant to invoices issued in 2013 have to be included as part of
SMSPL’s revenue for 2013. To the extent that the profits are found to be
insufficient to support the dividends declared, the respective shareholders
will have to return either all or part (proportionally) of the dividends
received by each of them.

Failure to pay Edmund’s salary for October 2015

137 Edmund was not paid his pro-rated salary of $4,063.35 from 1 October to 12
October 2015. SMSPL pleaded that he was not entitled to his salary as he had
failed, refused and/or neglected to discharge his duties as an employee. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 8F.

Alternatively, SMSPL sought to set off its counterclaim for damages against
Edmund’s claim for his salary.

138 Patty testified that Edmund was often late for work, left early and was
absent from the office without informing anyone else. On Patty’s instructions
given around the end of September / early October 2015, Nisha kept a record of
when Edmund was in the office. Nisha’s record showed that Edmund was not in
the office on 2 and 8 October 2015. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at p 482.

Nisha also recorded Edmund’s absence on 13 October although his last day was
on 12 October.

139 Edmund accepted Patty’s records of when he was not in the office, but
claimed he was out meeting with clients. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

NE, 21 March 2018, at 129:18–130:16.

Edmund also disputed SMSPL/Patty’s allegations and claimed that he had handed
all outstanding matters to other staff of SMSPL and that there was no formal
process for applying for leave or recording work done or time spent in SMSPL’s
offices. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 197.

The fact that Nisha had to record Edmund’s absences on a sheet of paper lent
support to Edmund’s claim.

140 In my view, SMSPL did not adduce sufficient evidence to prove its
allegations and Edmund is therefore entitled to his salary of $4,063.35 for
the period from 1 to 12 October 2015.

Excluding Edmund from decision-making

141 Edmund claimed that Patty and/or the other shareholders had excluded him
from decision-making in SMSPL since October 2015. Edmund alleged as follows:
184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at paras 59-60.

(a) A meeting was held on 30 October 2015 to discuss the status of SMSPL’s
projects and course of action for each project. Patty, Anita and Ane attended
the meeting as “Director/Share Holder”. Edmund was a director and shareholder
but he was not given notice of, and thus did not attend, the meeting. Edmund
received a copy of the minutes of the meeting the next day. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

PBAEIC, vol 2, at pp 1267–1274.

(b) Patty and Anita decided to make adjustments to SMSPL’s accounts without
consulting Edmund.

(c) On 5 February 2016, SMSPL’s solicitors informed Edmund’s solicitors that,
among other things, SMSPL will cease operations by 30 April 2016. Edmund was
not consulted on this.

(d) On 5 February 2016, SMSPL’s solicitors sent to Edmund’s solicitors, copies
of its letter to its book-keepers alleging that its book-keepers had lodged
the Annual Return for 2014 without approval and the Annual Return should be
expunged, and its letter to the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore
requesting time to file its tax return for Year of Assessment 2015 as
adjustments had been made to its accounts for 2012 to 2014. These matters were
not discussed with Edmund.

(e) Patty and/or the other shareholders prevented SMSPL from providing Edmund
with a fair view of the financial state of, and management decisions taken
for, SMSPL.

142 In her Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), Patty did not deny
Edmund’s allegations, choosing instead to not admit Edmund’s allegations and
to plead that Edmund voluntarily removed himself from the decision-making
process. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Patty’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), at paras 74A and 60A3.

In her closing submissions, Patty submitted that the legal effect of Edmund’s
resignation was that he had resigned from management of SMSPL. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

3rd Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“3DCS”), dated 11 May 2018, at para 264.

I disagree. Edmund did not resign as director and he remained a shareholder.
He was fully entitled to attend the meeting on 30 October 2015 as a director
and shareholder, just like Patty, Anita and Ane.

143 Patty also submitted that Edmund’s exclusion from SMSPL’s management was
justified because he had brought his exclusion upon himself by reason of his
own misconduct: Hollington on Shareholders’ Rights (8th Ed, 2017) at para
7-142. First, Patty has not pleaded this defence. Second, in my view, any
misconduct on the part of Edmund does not justify his exclusion from the
matters set out at [141] above.

144 Patty next submitted that the decisions to make adjustments to the
accounts were management decisions and Edmund did not hold any management
position in December 2015. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

3DCS, at para 273.

This was not pleaded. In any event, the accounts had to be approved by the
directors and shareholders and Edmund was both a director and a shareholder.

145 Edmund had been asking for SMSPL’s accounts. It is clear to me that Patty
deliberately excluded Edmund’s participation, at least with respect to the
decisions to make adjustments to the accounts and to expunge the Annual Return
for 2014.

146 I find that Patty did exclude Edmund from decision-making in SMSPL without
valid reasons.

Annex A – fees from SDPL’s pre-incorporation projects

147 Annex A of the statement of claim sets out the fees collected by SDPL from
its pre-incorporation projects, and which were invoiced after the
Incorporation Date. These fees have not been paid over to SMSPL. Edmund
claimed that pursuant to the Oral Agreement such fees are to be paid to SMSPL.

148 However, Edmund has accepted during his oral testimony that where work had
been completed before the Incorporation Date, the fees need not be paid to
SMSPL even if the invoices were issued after the Incorporation Date. Edmund
has therefore withdrawn items 1, 3, 7–9, 11, 16–18, 20, 22, 25, 26, and 29 of
Annex A. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Annex 1 to PCS.

The total amount under Annex A (excluding these withdrawn items) is
$1,320,586.67. Edmund also accepted that $590,820 had already been
transferred. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at para 65(iii); Annex 1 to PCS, p 6.

149 I have found in favour of Edmund’s version of the Oral Agreement. The fees
in Annex A (excluding those that Edmund has withdrawn), amounting to
$1,320,586.67 are therefore payable to SMSPL pursuant to the Oral Agreement. I
find that Patty did wrongfully refuse or fail to cause SDPL to pay the same to
SMSPL.

Annex B – fees collected by SDPL for post-incorporation projects

150 Pursuant to the Oral Agreement, all new projects after the Incorporation
Date are to be directed to SMSPL. Edmund alleged that the fees in Annex B of
the statement of claim were collected by SDPL in respect of projects taken up
by SDPL after the Incorporation Date. According to Edmund, only $446,589.99
has been paid to SMSPL and a balance amount of $3,063,104.01 remains due from
SDPL to SMSPL.

Items 1–16

151 Patty claimed that items 1–16 in Annex B refer to pre-incorporation
projects. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Annex 2 to Patty’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5).

This makes no difference as I have found in favour of Edmund’s version of the
Oral Agreement.

152 However, I accept Patty’s evidence that, with respect to item 4, the
project was abandoned by the client and the invoice (SD-2012-027) for $192,600
remains unpaid. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at paras 286–287.

On the stand, Edmund accepted that the project had been abandoned and withdrew
his claim. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NE, 22 March 2018, at 53:18–55:1.

SDPL therefore is not liable to pay this amount to SMSPL.

153 With respect to items 5–7, Patty claimed that the works were completed by
SDPL before the Incorporation Date. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at paras 355–356.

Despite the alleged completion of the works before the Incorporation Date,
there were three invoices issued after the Incorporation Date, two in July
2012 and one in August 2012. Patty has not produced any evidence in support of
her allegation that the works were completed before the Incorporation Date and
I therefore reject her claim. SDPL remains liable to pay the amount of
$1,102,100 under items 5–7, to SMSPL.

154 The invoice in item 9 (SD-2013-004) for $50,000 has been cancelled and the
same amount has been included in the invoice in item 10 (SD-2013-027) for
$80.000. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 388; DBAEIC, vol XX, tab 26, at pp 1961 and 1962.

Item 9 should therefore be excluded.

155 With respect to item 12, Patty testified that the invoice (SD-2013-008)
for $64,200 was cancelled on 11 October 2016 by way of a tax credit note
(SD/CN-11) and SDPL issued another invoice (SD-2016-11) for $64,200 on 11
October 2016. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 345; DBAEIC, vol XX, tab 26, at 1922–1923.

The amount of $64,200 is still due to SMSPL from SDPL.

156 No issue arises with respect to item 14 since Edmund accepts that the
monies have been paid to SMSPL.

157 In conclusion, the total amount of $1,545,904 in respect of items 1–16
(excluding items 4, 9 and 14), is payable by SDPL to SMSPL pursuant to the
Oral Agreement.

Items 17–36

158 Patty did not dispute that items 17–36 are in respect of post-
incorporation projects.

159 With respect to item 17 (invoice SD-2014-20 for $21,400), Patty testified
that a sum of $36,272.89 is payable to SMSPL although SDPL claimed to set off
the amount against debts allegedly owed by SMSPL to SDPL. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at paras 416–417.

160 No issue arises with respect to items 18 and 19 since Edmund accepted that
the monies have been paid to SMSPL.

161 As for items 20–36, I accept Patty’s evidence as follows:

(a) With respect to item 20 (Chembur project; invoice SD-2015-19 for
$$60,000), the invoice remains outstanding to date and therefore SDPL has no
corresponding liability to SMSPL for this amount. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 435.

(b) With respect to item 21 (Sancoale project; invoice SD-2015-22 for
$21,500), SDPL abandoned the project and the invoice was cancelled by way of
credit note dated 29 April 2016. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at paras 458–461.

SDPL has no liability to pay SMSPL this amount.

(c) With respect to item 22 (Kota Kinabalu project; invoice SD-2015-25 for
$10,700), SDPL abandoned the project and the agreement with the client was
terminated. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at paras 465–468.

SDPL has no liability to pay SMSPL this amount.

(d) With respect to items 23–32 (Goodwood Residence project) and items 33–36
(Leedon Residence project),

(i) SDPL paid $541,936.74 to its suppliers for the Goodwood Residence project;
201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 442; DBAEIC, vol XX, tab 26, at pp 2176–2431.

(ii) SDPL paid $337,108.13 to its suppliers for the Leedon Residence project;
202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 450; DBAEIC, vol XX, at pp 2458 - 2573

and

(iii) the balance for the two projects has been paid to SMSPL.

162 My conclusion that the amounts in items 23–36 above (less expenses) have
been paid to SMSPL, is based on the following:

(a) SDPL received payment amounting to $1,498,000 for the Goodwood Residence
project ($1,016,500) 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 441; DBAEIC, vol XX, at pp 2165–2174.

and the Leedon Residence project ($481,500). 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

SDPL’s Defence (Amendment No 5), at para 35C(14); Patty’s Defence and
Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), at para 100.

(b) SDPL paid its suppliers a total of $919,044.87 comprising $541,936.74 for
the Goodwood Residence project and $377,108.13 for the Leedon Residence
project (see [161(d)] above).

(c) The balance payable to SMSPL for the two projects was therefore
$578,955.13. This has been paid to SMSPL as follows:

(i) $230,000 (undisputed);

(ii) $106,999.99; 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 451; DBAEIC, vol XXI, at pp 2575,2582 and 2583.

and

(iii) $241,955.14. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

DBAEIC, vol XXI, at pp 2585–2586.

The three payments above add up to $578,955.13.

163 Patty’s account of the payments in respect of the Goodwood Residence and
Leedon Residence projects was more complicated. SDPL received $1,016,500 in
respect of the Goodwood Residence project. Both SMSPL and Patty pleaded that
SDPL paid to SMSPL $471,955.14 which was the balance after deducting payments
to vendors and contractors on behalf of SMSPL. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Annex 2 to SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4); Annex 2 to
Patty’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5).

As stated earlier, it is not disputed that $230,000 was paid to SMSPL.

164 Patty relied on two payment vouchers (dated 1 and 21 December 2016) as
evidence of payment of the balance amount of $241,955.14. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 452; DBAEIC, vol XXI, tab 27, at pp 2585–2586.

However, the vouchers referred to the Goodwood Residence project and the
Leedon Residence project. Patty explained that she decided to account for the
monies received for both projects together because SDPL made a loss on the
Goodwood Residence project and SDPL offset the losses from the Goodwood
Residence project against the profits from the Leedon Residence project. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 452.

165 The fact that SDPL made a loss on the Goodwood Residence project and this
loss was set off against the profits on the Leedon Residence project, was not
pleaded by SMSPL, SDPL or Patty. Be that as it may, it is clear that Patty’s
explanation does not add up:

(a) First, SDPL received payment of $1,016,500 in respect of the Goodwood
Residence project. SDPL paid its suppliers $541,936.74. This contradicts
Patty’s assertion 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at paras 444 and 452.

that the SDPL suffered a loss because the amount it paid its suppliers exceed
the amount collected.

(b) Second, SDPL was paid a total of $481,500 for the Leedon Residence
project. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

SDPL’s Defence (Amendment No 5), at para 35C(14); Patty’s Defence and
Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), at para 100.

SDPL paid its suppliers $377,108.13. As stated earlier, SDPL paid the
remaining monies amounting to $106,999.99 to SMSPL. The amount paid to SMSPL
($106,999.99) when added to the amount paid to suppliers ($377,108.13)
actually gives a total of $484,108.12 which exceeds the amount received by
SDPL ($481,500). Contrary to Patty’s explanation, it is clear that there were
no further profits to set off against the alleged loss on the Goodwood
Residence project.

166 In my view, Patty concocted her explanation after causing SDPL to make the
final payment of $241,955.14 in December 2016. Patty’s clumsy attempts at
concocting an explanation after belatedly causing SDPL to make the payment of
$241,955.14 in December 2016 is relevant to her credibility as a witness in
this action. As far as items 23 – 36 go, the fact remains that there was
nothing else owing by SDPL to SMSPL in respect of the Goodwood Residence and
Leedon Residence projects.

167 In conclusion, with respect to items 17–36, SDPL is only liable to pay
SMSPL $36,272.89 (as admitted to by Patty) in respect of item 17.

Annexes C1 and C2 – China projects

168 Edmund pleaded that Annexes C1 and C2 set out the fees collected by SD
(Shanghai) for projects in China, pursuant to invoices issued between the
Incorporation Date and 12 October 2015. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at para 68(iv).

169 Annex C1 refers to six invoices issued by SDPL to SD (Shanghai). 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Annex C1 to Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1); PBAEIC, vol 8, at pp 5150,
5200, 5211, 5190, 5253 and 5259.

Patty explained that the invoices were internal billings between SDPL and SD
(Shanghai) for the purpose of remitting funds (collected by SD (Shanghai)) out
of China to SDPL. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at Annex 3, items 1–6.

The evidence given by Patty and Mr Shen Jia Jun (“Shen”) (SD (Shanghai)’s
financial controller) was not all that clear and at times seemed conflicting.
Nevertheless, in my view, the more important point is that under the Oral
Agreement, only fees invoiced after the Incorporation Date were to be paid to
SMSPL. The invoices in Annex C1 were internal invoices from SDPL to SD
(Shanghai). Therefore, Edmund has not discharged his burden of proving that
the amounts in Annex C1 were in respect of invoices issued after the
Incorporation Date. Accordingly, SDPL has no obligation to pay the amounts
stated in Annex C1 to SMSPL pursuant to the Oral Agreement.

170 As for Annex C2, this merely sets out a list of eight projects and their
respective contract amounts. Patty admitted that five of the projects were
SMSPL’s projects whilst the remaining three were SDPL’s pre-incorporation
projects. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 369. The reference in para 369 to Annex C1 appears to be
a typographical error; the eight projects referred to in para 369 are from
Annex C2.

According to Patty, SMSPL did not receive the full contract sums with respect
to the five SMSPL projects. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Patty’s AEIC, at paras 366 and 368.

I find that Edmund has not discharged his burden of proving that

(a) with respect to the five SMSPL projects, there were monies collected by SD
(Shanghai) or SDPL which had not been paid to SMSPL; and

(b) with respect to the three SDPL pre-incorporation projects, there were
monies collected by SD (Shanghai) in respect of invoices issued after the
Incorporation Date.

I am therefore unable make any finding that SDPL is liable to pay any sums of
money under Annex C2, to SMSPL pursuant to the Oral Agreement.

171 I note that SD (Shanghai)’s financial controller, Shen, gave evidence on
behalf of the defendants and confirmed that to date SD (Shanghai) has
collected a total of RMB 6,180,584.24 on behalf of SMSPL in respect of SMSPL’s
projects from 2012 to 2016, and that after deduction of expenses, a sum of RMB
3,504,460 was remitted by SD (Shanghai) to SMSPL. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Shen’s AEIC, DBAEIC, vol XX, tab 28, at para 40.

My findings above on Annex C1 and Annex C2 do not affect Shen’s evidence in
this respect.

Annex D - GST wrongfully incurred

172 Edmund claimed that in breach of the Oral Agreement and her duties as
director of SMSPL, Patty wrongfully caused SMSPL to invoice SDPL for the fees
collected by SDPL (which SDPL was required to pay to SMSPL pursuant to the
Oral Agreement) less an amount for GST. This resulted in SMSPL receiving a
smaller amount then it was entitled to, thereby reducing the value of the
shares in SMSPL. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at para 69(iv).

173 As pleaded, Edmund’s claims related to the following:

(a) On 6 March 2014, SDPL invoiced Keppel Bay Pte Ltd for payment of $130,000
plus GST of $9,100. Subsequently, SMSPL invoiced SDPL for $130,000 inclusive
of GST of $8,504.67, resulting in SMSPL receiving only $121,495.33 instead of
the full $130,000. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at para 69.

(b) SDPL invoiced clients for work done outside Singapore. SMSPL then invoiced
SDPL for the fees collected by SDPL and in doing so, SMSPL incurred GST. SMSPL
would not have had to incur GST if the projects had been engaged and billed
directly by SMSPL. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at para 70.

Annex D to the statement of claim set out the projects involved.

$130,000 paid by Keppel Bay

174 SMSPL and Patty have pleaded bare denials 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 8N; Patty’s Defence
and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), at para 119M.

and Patty’s evidence did not deal with this matter. However, in his closing
submissions, Edmund did not pursue this matter.

Annex D

175 Annex D sets out 11 invoices issued by SDPL. These invoices were for work
done outside Singapore and hence SDPL did not have to charge GST. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

PBAEIC, vol 8, at pp 5270–5280.

In Annex D, Edmund claimed that SDPL then paid a total of $431,880 to SMSPL
from which SMSPL paid GST which came up to $30,231.60. Although Annex D set
out the amount paid by SDPL to SMSPL, Edmund did not identify the invoices
from SMSPL to SDPL, whether in Annex D or in his AEIC.

176 Patty’s responses to Annex D were as follows: 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 372; Annex 5 to Patty’s Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No 5).

(a) With respect to item 1, no GST was paid on the sum of $49,980 paid to
SMSPL. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

DBAEIC, vol XXV, tab 33 at p 433.

(b) With respect to items 2–11,

(i) SMSPL had to use SDPL to issue the invoices because SMSPL did not have the
requisite Permanent Account Number (“PAN”) Card issued by India’s Tax
Authority;

(ii) SMSPL’s initial invoice to SDPL for the amount collected, did not include
GST. However, in May 2014, as a result of a query from IRAS, SMSPL’s former
book-keeper advised SMSPL to issue invoices to SDPL inclusive of GST.

Patty therefore denied that she acted wrongfully.

177 As there was no other evidence from Edmund, I accepted Patty’s
explanations and find that she did not act wrongfully with respect to the
items in Annex D.

Annex E – FF&E expenses paid by SMSPL

178 Annex E relates to FF&E expenses that SMSPL paid in respect of SDPL’s
projects. Edmund confirmed that his claim in Annex E arises only if I find in
favour of Patty’s version of the Oral Agreement. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

PCS, at para 141(c).

As I have found in favour of Edmund’s version, the expenses were rightly borne
by SMSPL and Annex E is irrelevant.

Annexes F1–F3 and G – Patty’s accrual of monies to herself

179 Annexes F1–F3 and G show various amounts of monies which have been accrued
to Patty’s account with SMSPL. These included payments by SMSPL’s employees
for rental, an amount refunded by an SMSPL client, payments of salaries and
expenses that were not cashed out, and several miscellaneous items. The total
amount in Annex F1 is $39,764.34, Annex F2 $27,188.12, Annex F3 $28,172.44 and
Annex G $90,134.51.

180 With respect to Annexes F1–F3, Patty explained that 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Annexes 7–9 of Patty’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5); Patty’s
AEIC, at para 378.

(a) the entries were erroneously recorded in her director’s account by SMSPL’s
previous external book-keeper, except for item 10 ($2,193.86) in Annex F2
which was correctly accrued as owing to Patty since she had paid the sum on
behalf of SMSPL; and

(b) the monies are still with SMSPL and except for item 10 in Annex F2, the
other entries have been re-classified as “Other Income”.

181 As for Annex G, Patty has accepted that the amounts in Annex G should not
have been accrued to her director’s account, and explained that the entries
have been re-classified as “Purchase in Advance”, “General Expenses”, “Other
Income”, “Travelling Expenses”, “Entertainment Expenses” or “Other
Receivables. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Annex 10 of Patty’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5); Patty’s AEIC,
at para 380.

Some of the entries were erroneously recorded in Patty’s director’s account by
SMSPL’s previous external book-keeper.

182 SMSPL’s previous book-keeper, Shin, gave evidence on behalf of the
defendants. In essence, his evidence was that whenever he was uncertain where
to record a payment, he would record it under Patty’s account. It seemed to me
that Shin was a somewhat muddleheaded book-keeper, as can be seen from the
messy state of the accounts that he kept for SMSPL. On balance, I accept
Patty’s evidence that the recording of the payments referred to in Annexes
F1–F3 and G in her director’s account was done by Shin without her
instructions.

Annexes H1 and H2 – purchases in advance

183 Annexes H1 and H2 relate to purchases in advance paid for by SMSPL. Edmund
confirmed that his claims in Annexes H1 and H2 arise only if I find in favour
of Patty’s version of the Oral Agreement. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

PCS, at para 141(e).

As I have found in favour of Edmund’s version, the expenses were rightly borne
by SMSPL. Annexes H1 and H2 are therefore irrelevant.

SMSPL’s payment of $50,048 for salaries of SDPL’s employees

184 In his closing submissions, Edmund submitted that SMSPL has wrongfully
paid $50,048 to SDPL to pay the salaries of two of SDPL’s employees, Mr Low
Lar Kee (“Low”) and Mr Andrew Mak (“Mak”), both of whom were not SMSPL’s
employees, 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

PCS, at para 142.

but SDPL’s directors. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 85.

Low is Patty’s brother-in-law and Mak is Patty’s husband. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 484.

At the material times, Low’s salary was $1,740 per month, and Mak’s salary was
$1,388 per month. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 386.1.

185 Edmund’s case is that the amount of $50,048 comprises the following: 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at paras 92–93.

(a) $40,664 for the salaries of Low and Mak for the period from January 2014
to January 2015. This was paid by way of a cheque signed by Patty on 20 March
2015. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at para 84(i); PBAEIC, vol 8, at p 5491.

SDPL’s invoice and SMSPL’s payment voucher stated that this amount was a
“Consultancy Fee”; 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

PBAEIC, vol 8, at pp 5490–5491.

(b) $3,128 being the salaries of Low and Mak for November 2013; and

(c) $6,256 being double payment (in view of (a) above) of the salaries of Low
and Mak for the months of September and October 2014. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 278; PBAEIC, vol 8, at pp 5492–5495.

186 Patty claimed that

(a) from around February 2014 to February 2015, Nisha mistakenly deposited a
total amount of $39,276 being the salaries of Low and Mak, into SMSPL’s bank
account; 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Patty’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), at para 126.2; Patty’s
AEIC, at para 386.3.

and

(b) Patty discovered the error in March 2015 and SDPL rendered an invoice
(SD-2015-008) dated 2 March 2015 to SMSPL for “Consultancy Fees” for the sum
of $40,664. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Patty’s AEIC, at paras 386.4–386.5.

This amount was a mistake by Nisha who added an additional month of Mak’s
salary of $1,388 and the sum of $1,388 should be reimbursed by SDPL to SMSPL.
239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 386.7.

187 Nisha confirmed Patty’s explanations. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Nisha’s AEIC, at paras 55–60.

I accept Patty’s and Nisha’s evidence and find that the payment of $40,664 to
SDPL was a proper reimbursement to SDPL to the tune of $39,276. The payment of
the balance of $1,388 to SDPL was a mistake by Nisha. SDPL has accepted that
it has to reimburse SMSPL the sum of $1,388. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

SDPL’s Defence (Amendment No 5), at para 44(4).

188 However, an amount of $39,276 (out of the payment of $40,664) was accrued
to Patty’s director’s account. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at para 84; Edmund’s AEIC, at para 274.

This entry in SMSPL’s accounts is to be rectified. The amount of $39,276
belongs to SMSPL.

189 As for Edmund’s claims regarding payment of Low’s and Mak’s salaries for
November 2013, September 2014 and October 2014, these claims have been dealt
with by SDPL’s and Patty’s admissions that SDPL had inadvertently and wrongly
billed SMSPL a total amount of $48,333.72 in salaries for Low, Mak and Mr
Nicholas Mak Keng Kit. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 488; Patty’s AEIC, at para 386.8.

As they are SDPL’s employees, SDPL is liable to pay SMSPL this amount.

Payment of SDPL’s income tax and GST

190 It is common ground that SMSPL paid $154,707.65 for SDPL’s income tax for
year of assessment 2013, and $14,800.02 for SDPL’s GST for the accounting
period from 1 October 2013 to 31 December 2013. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at para 94; SDPL’s Defence (Amendment No
5), at para 44C; Patty’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), at para
127B.3.

Edmund pleaded that Patty wrongfully caused SMSPL to make these payments on
behalf of SDPL.

191 The payment voucher and cheque for the payment of SDPL’s income tax were
jointly signed by Patty and Edmund. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 389; DBAEIC, vol XXV, at pp 1023 and 1025.

I accept Patty’s evidence that the payments of SDPL’s income tax and GST were
with Edmund’s knowledge and approval. I therefore reject Edmund’s claim that
these payments were wrongful. Nevertheless, SDPL is liable to repay SMSPL the
total amount of $169,507.67.

Writing off $194,290.08 owed by SDPL

192 Edmund pleaded that Patty had wrongfully caused SMSPL to write off
$194,290.08 owing by SDPL to SMSPL. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at para 95.

In her closing submissions, Patty did not deny the write off but submitted
that this amount was part of a repayment of SDPL’s loans to SMSPL. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

3DCS, at para 281.

Patty has not adduced any evidence in respect of this. In any event, since I
have found in favour of Edmund’s version of the Oral Agreement, this means
there are no project-linked loans from SDPL that can be used to set off
against any amounts owing by SDPL to SMSPL. I find therefore that Patty
wrongfully caused SMSPL to write off the sum of $194,290.08 and I order SDPL
to pay SMSPL this amount.

Other wrongful reductions of SMSPL’s revenue

193 Edmund claimed that SMSPL’s revenue was further reduced by the following:

(a) a sum of $270,000 from purchases in advance was set off against the
consultancy fee of $270,000 (excluding GST) collected pursuant to SMSPL’s
invoice SM-2013-013;

(b) a sum of $300,801.32 from purchases in advance was set off against
overseas sales collected for 2012;

(c) a sum of $1,329,076.59 from purchases in advance was set off against sales
collected for 2013; and

(d) a sum of $3,124,744.58 from purchases in advance was set off against sales
collected for 2014.

Purchases in advance refer to purchases of FF&E made by SMSPL in advance on
behalf of its clients.

194 Edmund has not adduced the evidence required to explain and substantiate
the above. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 294; PCS, at paras 145–146.

I find therefore that he has not proved that the above set offs were made, or
if made, were without basis. I would also add that Edmund’s claim of the set
off referred to in [193(a)] above appears to be incorrect as the amount on
invoice SM-2013-013 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

DBAEIC, vol XXV, at p 428.

has already been paid to SMSPL (see [56] above).

SMSPL’s payment of rent, overheads and salaries after April 2016

195 SMSPL ceased operations by end of April 2016. Edmund claimed that after
April 2016, SMSPL continued to pay 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at para 109

(a) rent of office space occupied by SDPL amounting to $19,200.22;

(b) overheads and other expenses of SDPL amounting to $83,039.27; and

(c) salaries and other expenses of employees amounting to $49,042.94.

The three items above add up to a total of $151,282.43.

196 SMSPL and Patty claimed that although SMSPL no longer took on new business
after April 2016, it still operated to collect payments, and to conclude the
company’s affairs and close its accounts.

197 SMSPL’s and Patty’s claim is reasonable and logical. In the absence of any
other evidence, I find that Edmund has not proved that these additional
expenses were wrongfully incurred or that they were incurred for SDPL’s
benefit.

Payment towards Patty’s Bedok property

198 SMSPL paid a total of $70,433.55 on 29 May 2013 towards Patty’s property
at Bedok. Two payment vouchers were prepared dated the same day (29 May 2013)
for $40,000 and $30,433.55 respectively. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

DBD, vol A9, at p 5089–5090.

Both payment vouchers stated as follows: “payment to be return (sic) by [SDPL]
on 10 June 2013”.

199 Patty admitted that two cheques were issued, each for an amount within her
sole signatory limit. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 225.

Patty claimed that this was a temporary loan. It is not disputed that on 7
June 2013, SDPL repaid $70,433.55 to SMSPL. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Patty’s AEIC, at para 383.

200 I accept Patty’s evidence that this was a loan from SMSPL. I also accept
Patty’s evidence that she informed Edmund about this loan and he had no
objections. The payment vouchers clearly state what the payments were for. The
was no attempt to disguise the payments.

201 There are two other issues. The two payments by SMSPL were recorded by
Shin as “Purchases in Advance”. Subsequently, the repayment by SDPL was
accrued to Patty’s account. Shin said he recorded the two payment as
“Purchases in Advance” because he thought they were for FF&E, and he recorded
the payment in Patty’s account as he did not then know that it was a repayment
of SMSPL’s advance to Patty. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

Shin’s AEIC, at para 56.

Shin was not cross-examined on this aspect of his evidence. I find therefore
that the erroneous entries for the loan and the repayment were not because of
any instructions given by Patty.

202 In conclusion, Patty has not done anything wrong with respect to the loan
from SMSPL in connection with her Bedok property, and was not responsible for
the accounting entries in respect of the loan and the repayment.

Summary of findings of fact in Edmund’s s 216 claim

203 The relevant findings are as follows:

(a) Patty wrongfully paid herself the sum of $1,164,580 by way of 24 cheques,
without Edmund’s knowledge. There was no agreement reached as to Patty’s
gratuity of $600,000 or her pay adjustment for January to June 2015 amounting
to $72,000. Although Patty has returned $492,580 to SMSPL, her retention of
$672,000 was wrongful.

(b) With respect to the Debit Notes,

(i) three debits notes (DN-001, DN-002 and DN-004) represented loans from SDPL
to SMSPL. Payment to SDPL on these three debit notes was proper;

(ii) there was no basis for the remaining six debit notes to be issued to
SMSPL. Patty wrongfully caused SMSPL to pay SDPL on these six debit notes; and

(iii) there was no basis for the deductions for “drafting services” and these
deductions were just attempts by Patty made after the fact to support her
version of the Oral Agreement.

(c) Patty wrongfully denied Edmund access, and/or obstructed Edmund from
having access, to SMSPL’s financial documents.

(d) Patty had no basis to ask Edmund to repay his director’s fee of $200,000
for 2012 or to refuse, or cause SMSPL to refuse, to pay Edmund the sum of
$265,000 being the unpaid balance of his director’s fee for 2013.

(e) Patty’s reliance on the pleaded grounds for the adjustments to SMSPL’s
accounts for 2012 and 2013, was not justified save for two adjustments to the
2012 accounts. In the circumstances, Patty did not act in good faith when she
insisted that Edmund returned the dividends received by him for 2012 and 2013.
However, whether Edmund (and the other shareholders) ultimately needs to
return any of the dividends, received by him (and them) for 2012 and 2013, to
SMSPL will depend on the adjustments to SMSPL’s accounts to give effect to the
findings in this case.

(f) Patty wrongfully caused SMSPL to deny Edmund his salary of $4,063.35 for
October 2015.

(g) Patty wrongfully excluded Edmund’s from decision-making in SMSPL.

(h) With respect to Annex A, SDPL has to pay $1,320,586.67 to SMSPL pursuant
to the Oral Agreement. Patty breached the Oral Agreement by wrongfully
refusing or failing to cause SDPL to pay this amount.

(i) With respect to Annex B, SDPL has to pay SMSPL the amounts of $1,545,904
(items 1–16, excluding items 4, 9 and 14) and $36,272.89 (as admitted by Patty
for item 17) pursuant to the Oral Agreement. Patty breached the Oral Agreement
by wrongfully refusing or failing to cause SDPL to pay these amounts.

(j) With respect to Annexes C1 and C2, Edmund has not proved that SDPL is
liable, under the Oral Agreement, to pay SMSPL any of the amounts in those
Annexes.

(k) With respect to Annex D, Patty did not act wrongfully in causing SMSPL to
incur GST.

(l) With respect to Annexes F1–F3 and G, Patty did not instruct Shin to accrue
the amounts in those Annexes to her director’s account.

(m) The payment of $40,664 by SMSPL to SDPL as consultancy fee on 20 March
2013 was not wrongful. However, SDPL is liable to pay SMSPL the sum of $1,388
that SDPL has admitted was wrongly paid to it, and the sum of $48,333.72 being
salaries that SDPL and Patty have admitted were wrongly billed to SMSPL.

(n) SMSPL’s payment of SDPL’s income tax and GST liabilities was with Edmund’s
knowledge and approval. However, SDPL remains liable to repay SMSPL the total
amount of $169,507.67 which was paid by SMSPL on its behalf.

(o) Patty wrongfully caused SMSPL to write off the sum of $194,290.08 in
December 2014. SDPL remains liable to SMSPL for this amount.

(p) Edmund has not proved that there were wrongful set offs of purchases in
advance against consultancy fees and collections from sales.

(q) The additional expenses incurred by SMSPL for rent, overheads and salaries
after April 2016 were not wrongfully incurred.

(r) Patty has not done anything wrong with respect to the loan from SMSPL in
connection with her Bedok property, and was not responsible for the accounting
entries in respect of the loan and the repayment.

204 The question is whether the findings in (a), (b)(ii), (c)–(i) and (o)
above are sufficient grounds upon which to grant Edmund relief under s 216 of
the Act.

Whether Edmund’s s 216 claims are based on personal wrongs

The law

205 Section 216 of the Act provides as follows:

216.—(1) Any member or holder of a debenture of a company or, in the case of a
declared company under Part IX, the Minister may apply to the Court for an
order under this section on the ground —

(a) that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner oppressive to one or more of the
members or holders of debentures including himself or in disregard of his or
their interests as members, shareholders or holders of debentures of the
company; or

(b) that some act of the company has been done or is threatened or that some
resolution of the members, holders of debentures or any class of them has been
passed or is proposed which unfairly discriminates against or is otherwise
prejudicial to one or more of the members or holders of debentures (including
himself).

(2) If on such application the Court is of the opinion that either of such
grounds is established the Court may, with a view to bringing to an end or
remedying the matters complained of, make such order as it thinks fit and,
without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the order may —

(a) direct or prohibit any act or cancel or vary any transaction or
resolution;

(b) regulate the conduct of the affairs of the company in future;

(c) authorise civil proceedings to be brought in the name of or on behalf of
the company by such person or persons and on such terms as the Court may
direct;

(d) provide for the purchase of the shares or debentures of the company by
other members or holders of debentures of the company or by the company
itself;

(e) in the case of a purchase of shares by the company provide for a reduction
accordingly of the company’s capital; or

(f) provide that the company be wound up.

206 As a fundamental proposition, acts complained of under s 216 must affect
the member as a member: Margaret Chew, Minority Shareholders’ Rights and
Remedies (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2017) at para 4.202. This is clear from the
language used in s 216(1). A distinction has been drawn between acts which are
wrongs against the company (ie, corporate wrongs) and acts which are wrongs
against the complainant shareholder (ie, personal wrongs).

207 The Court of Appeal has clarified the position under s 216. First, s 216
should not be used to vindicate wrongs which are in substance wrongs committed
against a company and which are thus corporate rather than personal in nature.
Second, in dealing with a s 216 claim that contains features of both personal
and corporate wrongs, the key question is whether a plaintiff who brings an
oppression action under s 216 instead of seeking leave to commence a statutory
derivative action under s 216A, is abusing the process. In answering this
question, the court is to consider the remedy sought, and the injury
complained of and for which the remedy is sought. The appropriate analytical
framework is as follows:

(a) Injury

(i) What is the real injury that the plaintiff seeks to vindicate?

(ii) Is that injury distinct from the injury to the company and does it amount
to commercial unfairness against the plaintiff?

(b) Remedy

(i) What is the essential remedy that is being sought and is it a remedy that
meaningfully vindicates the real injury that the plaintiff has suffered?

(ii) Is it a remedy that can only be obtained under s 216?

See Ho Yew Kong v Sakae Holdings Ltd and another appeal and other matters
[2018] SLR 333 (“Ho Yew Kong”) (at [93] and [115]–[116]).

208 Where a s 216 action is based on conduct that constitutes both personal as
well as corporate wrongs, the remedy should also address the corporate wrongs
in order to bring an end to the matters complained of. Hence, it is usual to
find claims for restitutionary orders in such cases. Where the essential
remedy sought is one under s 216 (eg, a buyout order or a winding up order),
the existence of restitutionary claims in the s 216 action does not mean that
the action is an abuse of the process. This is because any benefit that
accrues to the company from the s 216 action is purely incidental to the
essential remedy sought, which is to bring to an end the matters complained of
on the fairest terms possible. See Ho Yew Kong at [128].

209 As for the making of restitutionary orders, the Court of Appeal in Ho Yew
Kong noted (at [118]) that it has a wide discretion to fashion such relief as
it considers just under s 216. This extends to making orders for the errant
shareholders or directors concerned to make restitution to the company of
moneys that they have wrongfully diverted from the company.

210 Although the Court of Appeal referred to “errant shareholders or
directors”, in principle, there is no reason why restitutionary orders may not
be made against third parties. I note also that one of the cases cited by the
Court of Appeal was Lowe v Fahey and others [1996] 1 BCLC 262 at 268, where
the court held that

…where for example the unfairly prejudicial conduct involves the diversion of
company funds, a petitioner is entitled as a matter of jurisdiction to seek an
order under s 461 for payment to the company itself not only against members,
former members or directors allegedly involved in the unlawful diversion, but
also against third parties who have knowingly received or improperly assisted
in the wrongful diversion.

[Emphasis added.]

211 Obviously, the claims against the third parties must be incidental to the
essential remedy sought and the third parties must also be parties to the
action. Most, if not all, of the facts supporting the restitutionary claims
(whether against errant shareholders or directors, or third parties) would be
the same facts relied upon as grounds for the s 216 action. Findings on those
facts would have to be made regardless, and it is therefore appropriate that
the restitutionary claims should be dealt with and orders made (f the claims
are established) in the same action. It would be a waste of resources to leave
such claims to separate proceedings to be commenced by or in the name of the
company. In addition, dealing with such incidental claims in a s 216 action
would, as the Court of Appeal recognised in Ho Yew Kong at [128], obviate the
risk of multiple claims as well as the risk of prejudice to the shareholders
and creditors of the company.

Applying the law to the facts

212 In my view, the following claims by Edmund are clearly in respect of
personal wrongs and are therefore appropriate claims under s 216:

(a) That Patty wrongfully denied/obstructed his access to SMSPL’s financial
documents.

(b) That Patty had no basis to ask Edmund to repay his director’s fee for 2012
to SMSPL and that Patty refused or caused SMSPL to refuse to pay Edmund the
unpaid balance of his director’s fee for 2013.

(c) That Patty did not act in good faith when she insisted on Edmund returning
the dividends received by him for 2012 and 2013.

(d) That Patty wrongfully caused SMSPL to deny Edmund his salary for October
2015.

(e) That Patty wrongfully excluded Edmund from decision-making in SMSPL.

213 The following claims however contain features of both corporate and
personal wrongs (“the overlap claims”):

(a) That Patty wrongfully refused or failed to cause SDPL to pay the amounts
found to be payable to SMSPL, in relation to Annexes A and B.

(b) That Patty wrongfully paid herself the sum of $1,164,580 and subsequently
wrongfully retained $672,000 after repaying SMSPL $492,580.

(c) That Patty wrongfully caused six of the Debit Notes to be issued by SDPL
to SMSPL and that Patty wrongfully caused SMSPL to pay SDPL on the six debit
notes.

(d) That Patty wrongfully caused SMSPL to write off the sum of $194,290.09 in
December 2014.

In my view, the above constitute breaches by Patty of her duties as a director
of SMSPL. As for SDPL, it was clearly controlled by Patty and Patty’s
knowledge would be attributed to it. SDPL was therefore a knowing recipient of
the monies that Patty wrongfully caused SMSPL to pay to it.

214 In applying the analytical framework in Ho Yew Kong to the overlap claims
above, the analysis is similar to that in Ho Yew Kong:

(a) The injury which Edmund seeks to vindicate is the injury to his investment
in SMSPL caused by Patty’s breaches. In each of the overlap claims, Patty has
misappropriated monies belonging to SMSPL, to either herself or her company,
SDPL. These actions are in breach of Edmund’s legitimate expectation as a
shareholder that SMSPL’s funds would not be siphoned away, and have a direct
impact on Edmund’s interests as a shareholder in SMSPL. Patty also breached
the Oral Agreement by wrongfully causing payment to be made to SDPL on the six
debit notes. It would be commercially unfair to Edmund if the breaches are not
remedied; and

(b) The essential remedy sought by Edmund is to exit SMSPL. Both Patty and
Edmund agree that a winding up order is the most appropriate remedy in this
case. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

PCS, at para 203; 3rd Defendant’s Reply Submissions (“3DRS”), dated 25 May
2018, at para 143.

The restitutionary orders sought against Patty and SDPL are necessary to
ensure a fair value exit for Edmund. Any restitution received would go to
SMSPL and increase the value of all the shareholders’ shares in SMSPL. Any
benefit that accrues to SMSPL from Edmund’s s 216 action is purely incidental
to the essential remedy which Edmund seeks, which is to bring to an end the
matters that it complains of on the fairest terms possible.

215 In my view, it was not an abuse of process for Edmund to pursue his
oppression claims by way of an action under s 216. I also see no reason why
restitutionary orders should not be made against both Patty and SDPL where the
claims have been established.

Whether Edmund’s oppression claims satisfy the test of fair dealing

216 The common element in s 216(1) is that of unfairness: Over & Over Ltd v
Bonvests Holdings Ltd and another [2010] 2 SLR 776 (“Over & Over”) at [70].
The common test is that of “a visible departure from the standards of fair
dealing and a violation of the conditions of fair play which a shareholder is
entitled to expect”: Over & Over at [77]. The standards of fair dealing or
fair play that a shareholder is entitled to expect are not confined to
observance of legal rights as enshrined in a company’s constitution or in
shareholder’s agreements. Informal understandings and assumptions between
shareholders may also be taken into account in determining whether the
minority has been unfairly treated; such understandings may arise regardless
of whether there is a quasi-partnership: Over & Over at [84]; Lian Hwee Choo
Phebe and another v Maxz Universal Development Group Pte Ltd and others and
another suit [2010] SGHC 268 at [61].

217 There can be no doubt that on the facts of this case, Patty’s actions have
violated the standards of fair dealing and fair play that Edmund is entitled
to expect. Patty breached the Oral Agreement; Edmund was entitled to expect
Patty to comply with it. In addition, upon Edmund’s announcement of his
resignation, Patty took steps to siphon off monies from SMSPL to herself/SDPL,
issued multiple cheques so that Edmund’s joint signature would not be
required, concocted a tale of project-linked loans, made baseless claims in an
attempt to claw-back Edmund’s director’s fees and dividends, and denied Edmund
access to SMSPL’s financial documents.

Order in respect of Edmund’s s 216 claim

218 Edmund therefore succeeds in his claim under s 216. As stated earlier,
both Patty and Edmund agree that a winding up order is appropriate in this
case. I agree, in particular since SMSPL has ceased operations. Accordingly, I
order that SMSPL be wound up.

Edmund’s claims against SDPL

219 In the present case, Edmund seeks the following restitutionary orders
against SDPL.

Claim for repayment of $1,642,510.99

220 I have found that only three of the Debit Notes related to loans from SDPL
and that payment to SDPL on the remaining six debit notes was wrongful (at
[98] above). SDPL has no basis to retain the monies received by it on these
six debit notes. The net amount received by SDPL on these six debit notes was
$872,864 (after the deductions for alleged “drafting services” and excluding
GST). SDPL is to pay $872,864 back to SMSPL.

Claims in respect of Annexes A, B, and C

221 Annex A sets out the fees collected by SDPL from its pre-incorporation
projects, and which are to be paid to SMSPL pursuant to the Oral Agreement. I
have found that a total amount of $1,320,586.67 is to be paid to SMSPL (at
[149] above).

222 Annex B sets out the fees collected by SDPL in respect of projects taken
up by SDPL after the Incorporation Date. Pursuant to the Oral Agreement, all
new projects after the Incorporation Date are to be directed to SMSPL. I have
found that a total amount of $1,545,904 is to be paid to SMSPL (at [157]
above).

223 Annexes C1 and C2 set out the fees collected by SD (Shanghai). I have
found that Edmund has not proved that any of the amounts in these Annexes are
payable to SMSPL (at [170]) above.

224 Edmund seeks restitutionary orders against SDPL. The amounts are said to
be payable to SMSPL pursuant to the Oral Agreement. SDPL argued that it was
not a party to the Oral Agreement. Edmund has not pleaded that SDPL was a
party to the Oral Agreement. In the circumstances, Edmund is not entitled to
the restitutionary orders that he seeks against SDPL.

225 However, Patty was a party to the Oral Agreement and I have found that
Patty wrongfully refused or fail to cause SDPL to pay the same to SMSPL. Patty
controls SDPL. I order that Patty procures SDPL to pay the sum of
$$1,320,586.67 (under Annex A) and $1,545,904 (under Annex B) to SMSPL.

Claim for repayment of $50,048

226 The claim for repayment of $50,048 relates to the payment by SMSPL to SDPL
for the salaries of two of SDPL’s employees. I have found that SMSPL’s payment
of $40,664 to SDPL as consultancy fee was not wrongful (at [187] above).
However, SDPL has admitted that $1,388 was paid to it by mistake. I order SDPL
to pay $1,388 to SMSPL.

227 SDPL and Patty have also admitted that SDPL had wrongly billed SMSPL for,
and received payment of, a total amount of $48,333.72 as salaries for three of
SDPL’s employees (see [189] above). I order SDPL to pay this amount to SMSPL.

Claim for repayment of $363,797.75

228 The claim for repayment of $363,797.75 comprises

(a) $154,707.65 being SDPL’s income tax for year of assessment 2013;

(b) $14,800.02 being SDPL’s GST liabilities for 2013; and

(c) $194,290.08 being monies owed by SDPL to SMSPL, which were written off on
31 December 2014.

229 SDPL has admitted that SMSPL paid the amounts in [228(a)] and [228(b)]
above on its behalf. SDPL is thus liable to pay SMSPL $169,507.67.

230 As for the amount in [228(c)] above, I have found that Patty wrongfully
caused SMSPL to write off the sum of $194,290.08 (at [192] above), I order
SDPL to pay SMSPL this amount.

Claim relating to $102,239.49 paid by SMSPL for the benefit of SDPL

231 This claim relates to the payments of rent, overheads and other expenses
paid by SMSPL after it ceased operations. Edmund alleged that these payments
were for the benefit of SDPL. I have found that Edmund has not proved that
these amounts expenses were wrongfully incurred by SMSPL or that they were
incurred for SDPL’s benefit (at [197] above). This claim is therefore
dismissed.

Edmund’s claims against Patty

Claim for $672,000

232 This relates to the amount retained by Patty as payment of her alleged
gratuity and pay adjustment. I have found that Patty is not entitled to retain
the sum of $672,000 (at [88] above) and I order Patty to return this amount to
SMSPL.

Claim for $130,000

233 As stated at [129] above, $800,000 was paid as dividends for 2013. Patty
received $450,000. Edmund claimed that based on her 40% shareholding, Patty
should have received only $320,00 and therefore she was overpaid by $130,000.
I have found that the distribution of dividends for 2013 had been agreed among
Patty, Anita and Edmund (at [132] above). Accordingly, this claim is
dismissed.

Claims relating to losses incurred by SMSPL

234 Edmund claimed that Patty caused SMSPL to incur the following losses and
seeks restitutionary orders against Patty in respect of the same.

Claim for $38,736.27 being GST losses incurred

235 This claim comprises GST payments of $8,504.67 and $30,231.60. I have
found that Edmund has not pursued the first and that Patty did not act
wrongfully with respect to the second (at [174] and [177] above). This claim
is therefore dismissed.

Claim for $1,624,992.99

236 This claim comprises the following: 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at prayer (c)(ii)(b).

(a) Accrued Bonus Sum: $600,000. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

Stated as $603,250 in prayer (c)(ii)(b) but should be $600,000 as defined in
para 79.

(b) Accrued Salary Sum: $72,000.

(c) Accrued Employee Sums in Annexes F1–F3: $95,124.90.

(d) Accrued House Sum: $70,433.55.

(e) Accrued Ode to Art Sum: $162,193.93.

(f) Accrued Consultancy Fee Sum: $40,664/$39,276.

(g) Accrued Loan Return Sum: $492,580.

(h) Annex G: $90,134.51.

237 The Accrued Bonus Sum and Accrued Salary Sum is a duplication of the
claims relating to Patty’s alleged gratuity and pay adjustment 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at paras 79–80.

which have been dealt with in [232] above. No further order needs to be made.

238 The Accrued Employee Sums in Annexes F1–F3 have been dealt with in [182]
above. The accruals to Patty have been regularised and re-classified as “Other
Income” save for a sum of $2,193.86 which was correctly accrued to Patty since
she paid the sum on behalf of SMSPL. No further order needs to be made.

239 The Accrued House Sum refers to payments made by SMSPL on 29 May 2013
towards Patty’ property at Bedok. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), at para 82; DBD, vol A9, at p 5089–5090.

This has been dealt with in [202] above. No further order needs to be made.

240 I have found that the Accrued Ode to Art Sum was a loan by SDPL to SMSPL
(see [70] above). The payment was accrued to Patty’s director’s account. Shin
explained that he recorded thus because the thought this was a personal
project undertaken by Patty. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

Shin’s AEIC, at para 41.

Shin was not cross-examined on this aspect of his evidence. I find that Patty
was not responsible for the accrual of the sum of $162,193.93 to her account.
No further order needs to be made.

241 The Accrued Consultancy Fee Sum is part of the sum of $40,664 paid by
SMSPL to SDPL as “Consultancy Fee”. I have found that this payment was not
wrongful (in [187] above). However, a sum of $39,276 was wrongly accrued to
Patty’s director’s account. Patty is to pay this amount to SMSPL.

242 The Accrued Loan Return Sum is the amount that Patty returned to SMSPL
from the amount of $1,164,580 which she had withdrawn using 24 cheques (see
[78] above). No further order is needed.

243 Patty has accepted that the amounts in Annex G should not have been
accrued to her account (see [181] above). The erroneous entries have been re-
classified. I have found that Patty was not responsible for the erroneous
entries (in [182] above). No further order is needed.

Consultancy fees of $270,000 set off against purchases in advance

244 This claim relates to invoice SM-2013-013. I have found that Edmund has
not proved his claim and that in any event, the amount on the invoice has been
paid (see [194] above). This claim is dismissed.

SMSPL’s sales revenue of $4,754,623 set off against purchases in advance

245 This claim appears to relate to the set offs in [193(b)] to [193(d)]
above. I have found that Edmund has not proved his case (at [194] above). This
claim is dismissed.

$1,593,778.38 - purchases in advance in Annexes H1 and H2

246 As stated in [183] above, these are irrelevant since I have found in
favour of Edmund’s version of the Oral Agreement.

$49,042.94 paid by SMSPL in respect of salaries of staff

247 This claim refers to the salaries which SMSPL paid after April 2016 (see
[195(c)] above. I have found that Edmund has not proved his claim (see [197]
above). This claim is dismissed.

Edmund’s claims against SMSPL

248 In view of the findings that I have made, I make the following orders
against SMSPL:

(a) SMSPL is to pay Edmund the sum of $4,063.45 being his outstanding salary
for the period from 1 to 12 October 2015.

(b) I declare that the sum of $200,000 paid to Edmund in August 2013 was paid
to him as director’s fees for 2012.

(c) SMSPL is to pay Edmund the sum of $265,000 being the outstanding balance
of his director’s fee for 2013.

(d) Edmund’s claim for $130,000 being outstanding dividends for 2013, is
dismissed.

SMSPL’s counterclaims

249 In its closing submissions, SMSPL pursued most (but not all) of the
counterclaims that it had pleaded. I deal with each of SMSPL’s counterclaims
below.

SMSPL’s counterclaim for an indemnity – loan from UOB to Jazz

250 SMSPL alleged that Edmund and Jazz conspired to defraud UOB into granting
them a higher construction loan sum for the construction of Jazz’s house at 22
Dunbar Walk than they would otherwise have been entitled to. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 51.

SMSPL alleged that Edmund and Jazz used the following documents to defraud
UOB:

(a) fictitious cost estimates to inflate the contract sum from $1.8m to
$2,462,850;

(b) an architect’s instruction for fictitious “carpentry works” which were
never carried out; and

(c) three sham cheques to deceive UOB into believing that Jazz had paid her
20% share of the contract sum so that she could start drawing down on the
construction loan.

251 Edmund and Jazz denied defrauding UOB and pointed out that the original
quote was $2.5m and the contract sum was $2,462,850. According to Edmund and
Jazz, ultimately, Jazz paid a total of $2,220,368.63 because the contractor
gave Jazz a discount due to her dissatisfaction with the workmanship for the
house. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 334; PCS, at para 211.

Edmund testified that Patty complained to UOB in 2015 and UOB had no issues
with this matter after Edmund and Jazz gave their explanations to UOB. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

NE, 27 March 2018, at 28:19–29:5.

Jazz is still servicing the loan for the full sum of $2,462,580. Edmund and
Jazz submitted that this claim is vindictive.

252 It is not necessary for me to make any finding as to whether Edmund and
Jazz did defraud UOB into granting them a higher loan or into allowing Jazz to
draw down on the loan. In my view, there is no reason to grant the indemnity
sought by SMSPL.

253 SMSPL’s claim is that Edmund breached his duties as a director because he
implicated SMSPL by issuing documents using SMSPL’s letterhead. Some of these
documents included the letter of award for the construction works, interim
certificates and correspondence to UOB in order to draw down on the loan.

254 However, SMSPL has not suffered any loss and there is no evidence of any
claim by UOB against SMSPL. Indeed, following on Patty’s complaint, UOB has
investigated the matter and accepted the explanations given by Edmund and
Jazz. It has not made any claim against Jazz, much less SMSPL. The loan has
not even been withdrawn. In the circumstances, I see no reason to grant an
indemnity: see Freight Connect (S) Pte Ltd v Paragon Shipping Pte Ltd [2015] 5
SLR 178 (“Freight Connect”). I also do not think there is any prejudice to
SMSPL in not granting an indemnity. If UOB should make a claim against SMSPL
over this matter, SMSPL can join Edmund and Jazz as third parties to the
proceedings: see Freight Connect at [55].

255 SMSPL’s claim against Edmund and Jazz for an indemnity is dismissed.

SMSPL’s counterclaim for an indemnity – architectural services

256 SMSPL is not a licensed corporation under the Architects Act (Cap 12, Rev
Ed 2000) and is therefore not allowed to offer or supply architectural
services in Singapore. SMSPL’s standard letters of offer provide, among other
things, that SMSPL provides design consultancy services and the scope of
services does not include architectural services, which if required will be
provided by a qualified person. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

DBD, vol C1, at pp 329–334.

257 At the material times, Edmund was a qualified person for architectural
services as he was registered under the Architects Act with Swan & Maclaren,
an architectural firm. Edmund did not dispute that he issued architects’
instructions, architects’ directions and payment certificates with SMSPL’s
stationery for several projects that were under his charge. Edmund claimed
that he could provide architectural services because he was a qualified
person. However, Edmund agreed that he could not offer architectural services
under SMSPL. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

NE, 22 March 2018, at 111:6–10.

258 Edmund claimed that Patty wanted him to be part of SMSPL so that SMSPL
could offer both architectural services and interior design services to its
clients. In my view, even though that may be true, it is clear that Edmund
knew that he could not offer architectural services under SMSPL. Edmund had
previously been given a warning by the Board of Architects for making
submissions to the Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”) under
unapproved firms. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

PBAEIC, vol 8, at p 5649.

In addition, the evidence does not show that Patty agreed to him providing
architectural services under SMSPL in breach of the Architects Act.
Accordingly, I find that Edmund did breach his duties as a director of SMSPL
by offering architectural services under SMSPL, in breach of the Architects
Act.

259 However, there is no evidence that SMSPL has faced or is facing any claims
for providing unlicensed architectural services, save with respect to the
project at 463 MacPherson Road. In Suit No 726 of 2017 (“Suit 726/2017”), the
client, CCK Development Pte Ltd (“CCKD”), has sued Edmund and SMSPL for, among
other things, fraudulent misrepresentation as to SMSPL’s capacity and
qualification to supply architectural services. In that action, Edmund has
made a third party claim to be indemnified by SMSPL and/or Swan & Maclaren. On
its part, SMSPL has made a third party claim to be indemnified by Edmund.

260 Neither has any regulatory action been taken against SMSPL for providing
unlicensed architectural services. Indeed, it appears from the BCA’s warning
letter that any regulatory action is more likely to be taken against Edmund
for providing architectural services under unapproved firms. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

PBAEIC, vol 8, at p 5649.

261 In the circumstances, there is no reason to grant SMSPL an indemnity. With
respect to the project at 463 MacPherson Road, SMSPL’s claim for an indemnity
against Edmund is best dealt with in Suit 726/2017. SMSPL’s claim for an
indemnity is therefore dismissed.

SMSPL’s counterclaim for diversion of business

262 SMSPL claims that Edmund breached his duties as a director of SMSPL by
diverting several projects to MOX. These claims are dealt with below.

263 In its closing submissions, SMSPL also alleged alternative claims that
Edmund breached the Oral Agreement by referring projects, after the
Incorporation Date, to MOX instead of SMSPL. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

1DCS, at paras 104–105.

However, SMSPL was not a party to the Oral Agreement. SMSPL has also not
pleaded that SMSPL was party to the Oral Agreement. It is not disputed that
SMSPL was incorporated after the Oral Agreement had been entered into. SMSPL’s
alternative claims against Edmund for breach of the Oral Agreement must
therefore fail.

22 Dunbar Walk

264 Edmund used MOX to issue a letter of offer dated 22 January 2013 for the
project at 22 Dunbar Walk (Jazz’s house). Edmund explained that the use of MOX
was a matter of formality and he was doing this project free of charge because
this was his matrimonial home. No professional fees were collected by MOX. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 360.

SMSPL also claimed that its resources were used and that Edmund tried to
conceal the fact that he was working on this project. However, Patty herself
claimed that she amended Edmund’s designs extensively. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

Patty’s SDPL AEIC, at para 156.

Although this happened after work on the project had commenced, there is no
evidence that Patty raised any objections or asked any questions. In my view,
Patty was aware that Edmund was working on this project and did not have any
objections until this dispute arose. This claim is dismissed.

Level 1 KK Women’s & Children’s Hospital

265 This project involved a proposed change of use for the common and retail
space at the hospital. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 369.

Edmund used MOX to issue a fee proposal dated 3 December 2013. The fee was
$400. Edmund explained that this was charity work carried out for the hospital
and that it was agreed that the fee would be donated to charity (which it
was). His correspondence with the hospital was copied to Nisha. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

PBAEIC, vol 9, at pp 5745–5749.

Edmund admitted that he had not sought the agreement of the other directors of
SMSPL to carry out charity work in respect of this project. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

NE, 23 March 2018, at 108:1–25.

However, I agree with Edmund that it was within his authority as a director of
SMSPL to waive the fees for this matter. In any event, it has not been shown
how this act of charity involving an insignificant amount was against the
interests of SMSPL. It seems to me that SMSPL is being petty in pursuing this
claim. This claim is dismissed.

Starhub at Plaza Singapura

266 Edmund used MOX to issue a quotation dated 21 October 2013 for interior
renovation works for this project. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

PBAEIC, vol 9, at p 5830.

Edmund admitted that this should have been an SMSPL project. MOX was not
eventually engaged for the project. Edmund has breached his duties in this
regard but I agree with him that SMSPL has not proved its loss. There is no
evidence which shows that the possibility that SMSPL might have been
successful in pitching for the project, was real and not just speculative (see
Asia Hotel Investments Ltd v Starwood Asia Pacific Management Pte Ltd [2005] 1
SLR(R) 661 at [139]). I award SMSPL $1,000 as nominal damages.

246 Telok Kurau Road

267 On 2 March 2012, Edmund used MOX to send out a proposal for a five-storey
apartment block at 246 Telok Kurau Road, Singapore. MOX was not eventually
engaged for the project and no work was done or fees collected. I agree with
SMSPL that Edmund breached his duties because he should have pitched for the
project through SMSPL instead of MOX. However, SMSPL has not proved its loss.
The possibility that SMSPL might have successfully pitched for the project is
speculative. I award SMSPL $1,000 as nominal damages.

Burger King

268 Edmund used MOX to issue tender drawings in August 2012 for the Burger
King outlet at the MRT station at Woodlands. Edmund explained that Burger King
had been a longstanding client of MOX since 2009 and that it would have been
difficult to switch the client over to SMSPL. Edmund accepted that this
project belongs to SMSPL and claimed that any fees collected would have been
paid to SMSPL in accordance with the Oral Agreement. Edmund’s claim is
supported by the transmittal forms for this project, all of which reflected
SMSPL rather than MOX. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

PBAEIC, vol 9, at p 5881 – 5883.

269 No fees have been collected from the client because Edmund has forgotten
to bill the client for this project. 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

NE, 23 March 2018, at 121:20–21.

Edmund has therefore been negligent and is liable to indemnify SMSPL for the
fees for this project to the extent that such fees are not recoverable from
the client otherwise than due to SMSPL’s own omission or fault.

13B East Coast Road

270 SMSPL pleaded that Edmund diverted this project to MOX. 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 62(c).

In her AEIC, Patty said this project should refer to 18B East Coast Avenue and
that the reference to 13B East Coast Road was a typographical error. 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 183.

She estimated that SMSPL’s fee for a project of this nature would be $160,000.

271 Edmund agreed that the drawings were prepared in SMSPL’s office and
explained in his oral testimony that the drawings were part of a feasibility
study for Jazz who was looking for a place to buy. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

NE, 23 March 2018, at 123:20–124:6.

Ultimately, Jazz did not purchase the land. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

NE, 23 March 2018, at 125:23–126:8.

In my view, SMSPL has not proved diversion of this project. SMSPL’s claim is
dismissed. In any event, SMSPL has not proven that it had a real possibility
of securing this project if it had proceeded.

Kim Chuan Façade

272 SMSPL claimed that Edmund diverted this project to MOX. Edmund explained
that the project was a pre-incorporation project. However, Edmund admitted
that MOX had collected payments of $14,000 and $26,000 which should be paid to
SMSPL pursuant to the Oral Agreement. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 393; DBD, vol C2, at p 887; NE, 23 March 2018, at
127:17–129:18.

I therefore order Edmund to pay SMSPL the total sum of $40,000 in respect of
this project.

12 Ewart Park

273 This project involved Edmund’s uncle’s house. SMSPL pleaded that Edmund
used its employees and resources, including one of its independent
contractors, Mr Diosdado Jr Gutierrez (“JR”), and that Edmund intended to have
SMSPL pay for JR’s drafting fees without the knowledge of the other directors.
SMSPL also claimed that in late 2016, MOX issued drawings with respect to this
project. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 62(e).

274 Edmund claimed that the other directors were aware of this project. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at paras 396.

Edmund claimed that his uncle eventually did not engage SMSPL and that he used
MOX to pay JR because Patty objected to SMSPL engaging JR. Since Edmund’s
uncle no longer wished to continue with the project when Edmund left SMSPL (on
12 October 2015), this was not a project which the Oral Agreement applied to.
284

##### Foot Note 284

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at paras 398 and 401.

Edmund also claimed that in January 2016 (ie, after he had left SMSPL), his
uncle said he was considering continuing with the project. Edmund then
prepared tender drawings and issued them under MOX.

275 The evidence points to Edmund having continued to work on this project
even in August 2015 when he was still with SMSPL. On 3 August 2015, Edmund
asked to make a re-presentation for this project to his uncle 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

DBAEIC, vol III, tab 4, at p 1686.

and on 28 October 2015, Edmund asked to postpone the presentation of an
updated proposal which he had informed his uncle about the week before. 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

DBAEIC, vol III, tab 4, at p 1688.

276 I find that Edmund has diverted this project to MOX and is liable to
account to SMSPL for the profits made by him in respect of this project.

Central Christian Church

277 In May 2015, Edmund sent a drawing master list, drawings and documents for
the Central Christian Church (“CCC”) to several recipients. SMSPL’s name was
stated on the drawings. When tender drawings dated August 2015 were eventually
issued for this project to proceed, DDA Resources Architects (“DDA”) and MOX
were the names stated on the drawings. 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

DBAEIC, vol IV, tab 5, at pp 2070–2128.

SMSPL claimed that Edmund diverted this project to DDA and MOX.

278 Edmund explained that this was personal project which he did on a pro bono
basis for his church. 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at paras 408–409; DBAEIC, vol IV, tab 5, at p 1795.

The project involved addition and alteration works to the 5th storey of the
existing church building. Edmund also claimed that SMSPL’s name was mistakenly
stated on the draft drawings.

279 I find that Edmund did not breach his duty to SMSPL in connection with
this project. In any event, SMSPL has not shown why this pro bono project
would be against its interests, and neither has it proved its loss. Further,
there is no reason to order an account of profits since the project was done
pro bono.

Play United at Plaza Singapura

280 This was a project that Edmund handled in 2014 for his brother-in-law and
involved a three-dimensional rendering in respect of a space at Plaza
Singapura. Edmund made a bare allegation that Patty agreed to the use of
SMSPL’s resources for this project. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 410.

I reject Edmund’s allegation.

281 Edmund also claimed that this was done pro bono and on a one-off basis and
that as director he could waive the fees. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 411.

In my view, Edmund was in a position of conflict and therefore could not make
that decision himself. In the circumstances, Edmund has breached his duty to
SMSPL. I accept Patty’s evidence that based on the drawings and gross floor
area of the shop, SMSPL was entitled to charge $10,000. 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 233.

I therefore award SMSPL damages in the sum of $10,000.

Beijing House Gallery

282 Edmund prepared a preliminary design proposal for this project in December
2012 with the assistance of SMSPL’s independent contractor, JR. The
prospective client, who was introduced by Jazz, wanted a design proposal for
an art gallery in Beijing, China. In the event, this project did not
materialise.

283 There is no evidence of diversion. However, under cross-examination,
Edmund admitted that he was doing his wife a favour by waiving fees. 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

NE, 23 March 2018, at 140:17–20.

In my view, this amounted to a breach of his duty to SMSPL. Patty gave an
estimate of what SMSPL would have charge up to the concept stage. 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 251.

As there is no evidence of SMSPL’s loss specific to the work done by Edmund in
this case, I award SMSPL nominal damages in the sum of $1,000.

Cambodia project

284 Jazz was considering developing a piece of land in Cambodia for the
construction of a community centre, library and resort, partly for charity.
Edmund agreed to help her and prepared some drawings for this project in
Cambodia, with the assistance of JR. Edmund said he paid JR’s fees himself.
Subsequently, Jazz decided not to proceed with the project. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at paras 417–419.

285 Edmund admitted that had this been a paying project, it should have gone
to SMSPL and that he did not consult any of the other directors of SMSPL. 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

NE, 23 March 2018, at 142:10–16.

However, there was no evidence that this would have been a paying project. I
find that Edmund has not breached his duties to SMSPL with respect to this
project. This claim is dismissed.

KL Ode to Art Retail Shop

286 This involved preliminary design sketches for Jazz’s retail shop in Kuala
Lumpur, Malaysia. Edmund claimed that this was a personal project which he
undertook for SMSPL. Edmund admitted using SMSPL’s resources, although he
claimed it was very minimal and that he decided unilaterally not to charge
Jazz. 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

NE, 23 March 2018, at 149:1–16.

287 Edmund was in a positon of conflict. I find that Edmund breached his
duties to SMSPL in unilaterally agreeing to waive fees. I accept Patty’s
evidence that based on the drawings and floor area of the shop, SMSPL’s fees
would have been $25,000. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 268.

I award SMSPL damages in the sum of $25,000.

6 Victoria Park

288 SMSPL’s employees prepared a proposal for this project and presented it to
the client. The project did not materialize and no fees were collected as the
client did not respond. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 428; PBAEIC, vol 9, at p 6266.

. I reject Patty’s bare allegation that Edmund intended to conceal this
project from SMSPL’s other directors and shareholders. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at paras 261–262.

There was no diversion. This claim is dismissed.

Sentosa House

289 The client approached Edmund with enquiries about the design of his house.
No proposal was issued as Edmund felt that the client would be a difficult
client. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 438.

SMSPL claimed that it lost an opportunity because Edmund did not inform the
other directors. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at paras 272 and 275.

There was no evidence of diversion and I do not see why Edmund’s decision not
to take up the project for the reason he gave, meant that he had breached his
duties to SMSPL. This claim is dismissed.

7 Holland Green

290 The client approached Edmund in relation to addition and alteration works
for his house. Edmund had a discussion with the client on 4 July 2015. MOX
subsequently issued a tender invitation dated 9 March 2016 indicating that
full tender drawings were ready for collection. The works were eventually
carried out and completed under MOX.

291 Edmund claimed that after he left SMSPL, the client got back to him. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

NE, 23 March 2018, at 155:13–156:11.

SMSPL claimed that since the full tender drawings were ready by 9 March 2016,
they must have been prepared in late 2015 when Edmund was still in the
employment of SMSPL. Edmund’s last day at SMSPL was some five months earlier,
on 12 October 2015. SMSPL’s bare allegation is not sufficient to prove that
the full drawings must have been done before Edmund left SMSPL. This claim is
dismissed.

Starhub at Tampines Mall

292 The client approached Edmund in January 2015 for a quotation for the
renovation of the shop. Edmund decided not to pitch for the project as he felt
that SMSPL’s fees would likely exceed the client’s budget based on his
knowledge of the client. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

NE, 23 March 2018, at 156:20–157:7.

I find that Edmund did not breach his duties to SMSPL. This claim is
dismissed.

Hood Bar & Café

293 Edmund’s cousin approached him for advice on how to revamp the design of
his café. Edmund gave some brief suggestions and comments and there was no
further development. No drawings were produced. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

NE, 23 March 2018, at 159:4–9.

In my view, there was no diversion. This claim is dismissed. In any event,
SMSPL has not proven that it had a real possibility of securing this project
if it had proceeded.

Tanglin Trust School – The Point

294 In February, the client sent an enquiry to Edmund for this project. Edmund
instructed Nisha to send a fee proposal for $30,000. A full set of tender
drawings were prepared by April 2014 and sent to the client. In January 2016,
SMSPL issued an invoice for $32,100, based on the fee proposal and adding GST.
305

##### Foot Note 305

×

DBAEIC, vol V, tab 6, at p 2531.

The client responded, saying that the project was aborted. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

DBAEIC, vol V, tab 6, at pp 2532–2533.

The client also confirmed that it did not sign any documents to award the
project.

295 Patty claimed that Edmund colluded with the client to claim that the
project had been aborted in order to avoid payment of the invoice. Patty
produced no evidence of the alleged collusion. I dismiss this claim.

SMSPL’s counterclaim for unauthorised disclosures of confidential information

296 SMSPL claimed that Edmund made unauthorised disclosures of fees proposals,
accounting and financial information, project details, designs, drawings, and
design templates to Jazz with the intention of building his own database for
his and/or MOX’s interest. SMSPL also claimed that Edmund made unauthorised
disclosure of SMSPL’s project presentation folder for the 6 Shenton Way
project to his brother-in-law, Mr Ken Chong (“Ken”). 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at paras 67A–68.

297 There is no evidence that Edmund was sending confidential information to
Jazz in order to build his own database. SMSPL’s claim is pure conjecture.
Edmund sent Jazz financial statements of SMSPL and fee proposals for certain
projects. It has not shown why these would be useful to Edmund for purposes of
building his own database. Patty claimed that MOX is now engaging in the same
line of business that SMSPL had been involved in. 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 302.

However, there is no evidence that this is the result of the information
disclosed to Jazz. Edmund stated he wanted to let Jazz know about developments
in SMSPL. 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 458.

On the stand, Jazz stated that she received these emails from Edmund simply
because Edmund wanted to show her the projects he was excited to be working
on. She testified she had not done anything else with the information 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

NE, 27 March 2018, at 113:22–114:4.

and SMSPL and Patty have not shown any evidence to the contrary. Edmund’s
breach of confidentiality is a technical one. SMSPL has not proved any loss. I
award SMSPL nominal damages in the sum of $1,000.

298 As for Ken, Edmund claims that Ken asked if SMSPL had the capability to do
work involving developing a budget hotel. It was in this context that Edmund
sent Ken the presentation for 6 Shenton Way. Ultimately, Ken did not proceed
with the project. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at paras 453–456.

There is no evidence that Ken disseminated the presentation to anyone else. I
find that Edmund sent the presentation to Ken for purposes of SMSPL’s
business. There was no breach of confidentiality and I dismiss this part of
the claim.

SMSPL’s counterclaim for exposing SMSPL to claims

299 SMSPL claimed that Edmund acted negligently with respect to the projects
dealt with below, and exposed SMSPL to claims and/or potential liability.

463 MacPherson Road

300 The issue over Edmund offering architectural services through SMSPL in
breach of the Architects Act has been dealt with at [256] to [261] above.

301 SMSPL claimed, among other things, that Edmund was negligent with respect
to the construction of the electrical sub-station (“ESS”) at 463 MacPherson
Road. 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 77(a).

SMSPL claimed that

(a) the main contract between CCKD (the client) and the main contractor, Join
Aim, stated that the incoming electrical supply was to have been 600Amp which
meant that the ESS was required for this project;

(b) Edmund failed to incorporate an ESS in the first set of drawings based
upon which the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”) issued provisional
permission on 3 February 2014;

(c) in May/June 2014, Edmund issued amended drawings incorporating the ESS, to
Join Aim, marked “For Construction” through SMSPL’s office even though the
amended drawings had not been submitted to the URA. Join Aim proceeded to
construct the ESS and completed the same in September 2014;

(d) on 7 November 2014, Edmund submitted the amended drawings to URA for
approval. On 4 December 2014, the URA replied refusing to grant written
permission because the required set-back had not been provided for. As a
result, the ESS had to be completely demolished and rebuilt.

302 Edmund was the qualified person for the project as well as the lead
designer. Edmund contended that Swan & Maclaren was responsible for the
ensuring that the submissions to the URA complied with regulatory
requirements. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at paras 496 and 499.

The evidence supports Edmund’s contention. SMSPL’s preliminary drawings were
initially sent to Mr Aloysius Chua (who was running an architectural services
firm) for him to advise on regulatory and/or submissions related matters.
Subsequently, Aloysius Chua was replaced by Swan & Maclaren. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

Cabigas Joseph Francis Perez’s AEIC (“Francis’ AEIC”), at paras 23–24; PBAEIC,
vol 12, tab P, at pp 89–92.

303 In an email dated 20 November 2013 to Swan & Maclaren, Edmund outlined the
agreement that “the whole process for submission shall be undertaken by [Swan
& Maclaren]”. 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

PBAEIC, vol 12, at p 106.

The email was clear that Swan & Maclaren was responsible for the preparation
of all drawings pertaining to the submission, compliance with requirements by
authorities, preparation of all drawings for Corenet submission, liaising with
authorities and obtaining the Temporary Occupation Permit and Certificate of
Statutory Completion. Corenet is an e-submission system for submissions to
various regulatory authorities. Swan & Maclaren’s reply on the same day showed
that it was in agreement with Edmund as to its responsibilities. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

PBAEIC, vol 12, at p 106.

In another email dated 29 January 2014, Swan & Maclaren confirmed its role in
assisting SMSPL to follow through with the planning submissions. 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

DBD, vol C4, at p 2464.

Swan & Maclaren was paid $25,000 for its role.

304 As mentioned in [259] above, CCKD commenced Suit 726/2017 against Edmund
and SMSPL in respect of this project. CCKD’s claim includes a claim relating
to the ESS. In that action, SMSPL has commenced third party proceedings
seeking to be indemnified by Edmund. Edmund in turn has also commenced third
party proceedings against SMSPL and Swan & Maclaren.

305 In the present case, SMSPL seeks to be indemnified by Edmund. In my view,
it would be more appropriate to leave SMSPL’s claim for an indemnity and all
the issues relating to this project as between SMSPL and Edmund, to be dealt
with in Suit 726/2017 in which all the relevant parties will be before the
court.

The Radius Projects

306 Radius Developers (“Radius”) appointed SMSPL as the design consultant for
five projects in India – the Chembur project, MIG project, Hughes Road
project, Mazgaon project and Lonavala project. By way of letter dated 13
August 2015, Radius terminated SMSPL’s services in respect of six projects,
including the five mentioned above. 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

DBAEIC, vol VI, at p 3284.

SMSPL claimed that Edmund was the director in charge of these projects and
that his sub-standard work led to the termination of its services. 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 77(b).

307 Patty relied on emails from Radius complaining about Edmund’s work. Edmund
agreed that Radius blamed him for its termination of SMSPL’s services. 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

NE, 23 March 2018, at 66:25–67:2.

Edmund also agreed that Radius did not want to carry on dealing with him. 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

NE, 23 March 2018, at 67:15–25.

However, Radius’ unhappiness with Edmund’s work did not necessarily mean that
Edmund had been negligent in his work. Edmund denied that he was negligent in
his work. 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at para 511.

308 In its counterclaim, SMSPL pleaded that it could no longer collect fees
for work done as well as the balance contract sums for these projects, as a
result of the termination. 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 77(b).

However, in its closing submissions, SMSPL submitted only that Edmund is
liable to indemnify SMSPL for his negligence and/or for breach of his
fiduciary duties as a director of SMSPL. 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

1DCS, at para 136.

There is no claim or threatened claim by Radius against SMSPL. Making the
order sought by SMSPL would not be appropriate and I dismiss SMSPL’s claim for
an indemnity in respect of the Radius projects.

309 In any event, I note that Patty had intended to terminate all contracts
and close SMSPL. 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

NE, 6 April 2018, at 92:22–93:11, 94:15–21.

A new entity, SM Studio Pte Ltd (“SM Studio”) was in fact incorporated on 15
October 2015, just two days after Edmund left SMSPL. SM Studio took over
Radius’ MIG project and built on perspective drawings that were done by Edward
previously under SMSPL. 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

NE, 6 April 2018, at 96:22–97:14.

There is no evidence that Patty took any steps to ask Radius to pay SMSPL for
the use of these drawings. Patty seemed quite content to just rely on Radius’
complaints and pin blame on Edmund, whilst at the same time taking over the
project under SM Studio.

The Rustomjee projects

310 Keystone Realtors Pvt Ltd (known to SMSPL as “Rustomjee”) had engaged
SMSPL for several projects, including the Paramount project, the La Fontaine
project and the Elements Wing C project. SMSPL claimed that Edmund agreed that
he would inform the client that SMSPL was unable to continue its obligations
beyond October 2015, assist the client and facilitate a proper handover, and
complete the full package pertaining to the different contract phases before
handing over to the client. SMSPL alleged that Edmund refused to attend a
meeting with the clients when they visited SMSPL on 8 and 9 October 2015 to
resolve all outstanding issues. 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 77(e).

311 SMSPL’s services were subsequently terminated. However, the
contemporaneous documentary evidence shows that 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

DBAEIC, vol VII, tab 8, at p 3543.

(a) on 5 February 2016, Patty informed Rustomjee that SMSPL was ceasing its
business and would be unable to continue servicing Rustomjee after April 2016;
and

(b) Rustomjee acknowledged Patty’s email and confirmed a meeting with Patty on
15 February 2016 to “discuss the modalities for finalising project closure
road map”.

312 In its closing submissions, SMSPL submitted that Edmund is liable to
indemnify SMSPL for his negligence and/or for breach of his fiduciary duties
as a director. 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

1DCS, at para 143.

However, the above evidence shows that the cessation of SMSPL’s services had
nothing to do with Edmund. Further, I note that SMSPL has not pleaded that
Edmund was responsible for the termination of SMSPL’s services; it merely
pleaded that eventually SMSPL’s appointment was terminated. 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

SMSPLS’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 77(e)(iv).

In any event, there is no evidence of any claim or threatened claim by
Rustomjee against SMSPL and it would be inappropriate to make the indemnity
order sought by SMSPL. I therefore dismiss SMSPL’s claim in respect of the
Rustomjee projects.

Transcon (Auris project)

313 SMSPL pleaded that Edmund caused SMSPL to lose $260,000 in revenue by
submitting a design proposal which the client, Transcon, found unacceptable.
331

##### Foot Note 331

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 77(f).

No other details of Edmund’s negligence or breach of duties have been pleaded.

314 It is not clear whether Edmund was in charge of this project. There are
emails which show that Ane and one Lydeleen were the ones working on this
project. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

PBAEIC, vol 11, tab L, at pp 7109–7114.

315 In any event, according to Patty’s AEIC, the contract (for the Auris
project) was for $200,000. 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 529; DBAEIC, vol VII, tab 8, at pp 3554–3557.

Patty also claimed that, the client paid SMSPL’s invoices for $40,000 and
$60,000 in 2013 and 2014 respectively in respect of concept design works by
SMSPL. 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 530.

Patty has not produced any evidence of Edmund’s negligence except to claim
that the client contacted her over the phone in mid-2015 to express
unhappiness and the client refused to pay an invoice dated 11 December 2015
for $60,000, demanding instead the return of the earlier payments amounting to
$100,000, on the ground that the “previous works…were unacceptable because
they were incomplete”. 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 533.

316 Transcon subsequently set off the sum of $100,000 against an invoice for
another project that it had with SMSPL. 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 537.

Patty and Anita accepted the set off because they wanted to close the matter
in the light of SMSPL’s intended cessation. 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 540.

317 In my view, SMSPL has not proved that Edmund has been negligent or has
breached his duty or that he is responsible for SMSPL’s loss of revenue.
SMSPL’s claim is dismissed.

Olympia projects

318 SMSPL pleaded that Edmund caused it to suffer the following losses: 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 77(g).

(a) Edmund failed to deliver the full package to the client in respect of the
Park Residence project in Chennai. As a result, SMSPL did not receive payment
of the balance amount of $36,000 under the contract which was for $180,000.

(b) As a result of Edmund’s breaches in respect of a residential development
at Cenotaph Road and Chitharanja Road, SMSPL was not paid the balance amount
of $98,000 under the contract which was for $140,000.

(c) As a result of Edmund’s breaches in respect of a residential development
at Jayanthi Road, Chennai, SMSPL was not paid the balance amount of $78,000
under the contract which was for $120,000.

No other details of Edmund’s negligence or breach of duty have been pleaded.

319 By way of letters dated 31 March 2016, SMSPL confirmed the termination of
the three projects by mutual agreement. 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

DBAEIC, vol VII, tab 8, at pp 3629–3631.

The letters were signed by Patty.

320 Edmund testified that the client had no complaints prior to 13 July 2015
and that he had handed over the projects to other staff of SMSPL on 13 July
2015. Edmund also denied he was negligent. 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

Edmund’s AEIC, at paras 533–535.

In his AEIC, Edmund also exhibited an email from him dated 3 September 2015 to
the client which referred to the client’s confirmation to stop work on the
Cenotaph Road project due to issues with local planning submissions. 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

PBAEIC, vol 11, tab L, at p 7116.

The extent of cross-examination of Edmund by counsel for SMSPL was simply to
refer Edmund to Patty’s AEIC and put to him that SMSPL lost the Olympia
projects as a result of their unhappiness with him; Edmund disagreed. 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

NE, 23 March 2018, at 93:20–94:3.

321 I note also that Patty acknowledged that SMSPL’s employees were resigning
because of SMSPL’s intended cessation. 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 554.

In addition, the letters of termination referred to at [319] above, stated
that they were further to SMSPL’s email dated 15 February 2016 and a telephone
conversation on 16 March 2016. It is not known what the email and telephone
conversation were about as neither were dealt with in Patty’s AEIC.

322 The burden of proof is of course on SMSPL. In my view, SMSPL has not
proved its claims against Edmund. SMSPL’s claims are dismissed.

Mr Sun’s apartment in Xiamen, China

323 SMSPL pleaded that at a meeting on 25 August 2015, Edmund agreed to
complete the project but resigned from the project on 4 September 2015. 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 77(d).

According to SMSPL, it had to resolve the dispute with the client by
cancelling an unpaid invoice and waiving all further charges. SMSPL claimed
that its loss of revenue was $150,750 being the difference between the
contract sum of $301,500 and an earlier payment of $150,750.

324 On the stand, Edmund agreed that he was the director in charge for this
project. 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

NE, 23 March 2018, at 28:22–29:6.

He also conceded that he had not fulfilled his commitment to complete the
project; he claimed that he could not proceed to complete the project because
the atmosphere in the office was bad and he had no control in the office. 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

NE, 23 March 2018, at 31:25–32:9.

325 In my view, the conditions in the office did not excuse Edmund. I find
that Edmund has been negligent in his handling of this project. He has failed
to fulfil his commitment to complete the project. In any event, he also failed
to hand over the project properly. I award SMSPL damages in the sum of
$150,750.

15 Coral Island

326 This was a bungalow on Sentosa Island. SMSPL pleaded that the client
terminated the contract for this project as a result of Edmund’s incompetence
and delay. 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 77(c).

SMSPL claimed that its loss of revenue was $216,000.

327 In its letter of termination (sent through its lawyers), the client also
claimed a refund of $25,680 and damages. 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

DBAEIC, vol VII, tab 8, at pp 3387–3388.

Edmund refunded the sum of $25,680 to the client out of his own pocket.

328 In an email dated 8 August 2015 to Edmund, Patty confirmed the parties’
agreement that this was one of the projects to be novated to Edmund’s personal
practice. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

PBAEIC, vol 2, at pp 837–841 (paras 17–18).

This agreement was also reflected in the minutes of the meeting on 25 August
2015. 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

DBAEIC, vol XXV, tab 33, at p 696 (item 1.7).

In the circumstances, whether or not the termination of the contract was due
to Edmund’s fault, I do not see how SMSPL can claim loss of revenue for this
project. No evidence has been adduced of any other loss suffered by SMSPL.
SMSPL’s claim is dismissed.

SMSPL’s counterclaim in respect of Edmund’s vehicle allowance

329 SMSPL claimed that Edmund was given an allowance to assist him in
servicing his vehicle loan, and that Edmund wrongfully continued to draw his
vehicle loan allowance of $1,500 per month for 19 months from January 2014 to
July 2015, even though he was no longer servicing any vehicle loan because he
had sold his car. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at paras 89–91A.

SMSPL claimed the total amount of $28,500.

330 Edmund claimed that the allowance was just a transport allowance. In my
view, SMSPL has not proved that the allowance was solely to service the car
loan. First, no documentary evidence has been adduced in support of SMSPL’s
claim. Nisha handled the payments but did not know what Edmund’s hire-purchase
instalments were and did not ask for a copy. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

NE, 18 April 2018, at 109:16–20 and 110:10–12.

Second, Patty claimed she found out in June 2015 that Edmund had sold his car.
Yet, Patty did not terminate payment of the allowance until August 2015, after
Edmund had resigned. Third, Nisha confirmed that after Edmund started
receiving his allowance of $1,500 per month, he stopped making claims for
transport. 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

NE, 18 April 2018, at 110:17–23.

This is consistent with Edmund’s assertion that the allowance was a transport
allowance.

331 SMSPL’s claim is dismissed.

SMSPL’s counterclaim for monies paid by Yuanzhou Shanghai Hotel

332 SMSPL’s client in China paid RMB 175,012.20 towards the Yuanzhou Shanghai
Hotel project and this amount was paid into Edmund’s account with the Hong
Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation in China. It is not disputed that
Edmund’s account was opened to facilitate SMSPL’s receipt and utilisation of
funds from projects in China. SMSPL claimed that a sum of RMB 17,275.50
(S$3,490.82) has not been paid to SMSPL.

333 Edmund claims that he did not have access to the account from the time it
was opened in November 2013 until sometime in November 2015. The ATM card
associated with the account was handed to Nisha who assisted Patty with the
financial matters of SMSPL. The Personal Identification Number for the account
and the password to access the internet banking platform were given to Nisha.
Nisha admitted that she was the one operating the account using the ATM card
and password. 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

NE, 18 April 2018, at 68:9–12.

334 In July 2015, Nisha informed Edmund that she was unable to withdraw monies
from the account using the ATM card. Upon enquiring with the bank, Edmund was
told that the card had been deactivated because there had been no transactions
for more than a year. Edmund informed Nisha about this by email dated 23 July
2015; the email was also copied to Patty and Ane. 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

PBAEIC, vol 10, at p 6531.

In November 2015, Nisha requested Edmund to transfer monies in the account to
SD (Shanghai)’s account. By email dated 7 January 2016, Edmund informed Nisha
that he had completed the requisite forms to transfer the monies and close the
account; the email was copied to Patty, among others. 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

PBAEIC, vol 10, at p 6538.

On 20 July 2016, Nisha informed Edmund that CNY 84,577.14 was transferred to
SD (Shanghai)’s account on 1 July 2016. 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

PBAEIC, vol 10, at p 6585.

335 It is not clear why SMSPL holds Edmund responsible for the sum of RMB
17,275.50. It is not even clear that there is this amount outstanding. The
bank statement exhibited to Nisha’s AEIC showed that all of the balance in the
account as at 6 January 2016 was transferred. 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

Nisha’s AEIC, at p 195; NE, 18 April 2018, at 72:25–73:17.

336 Patty/Nisha had control of the account. It is for SMSPL to prove that a
sum of RMB 17,275.50 in the account has not been accounted for and that Edmund
is to be held responsible despite the fact that he did not control the
account. Patty has not even produced the bank statements. Nisha did not
dispute that Edmund had no access to the account and could not explain how he
could be held responsible for any shortfall. 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

NE, 18 April 2018, at 71:15–18.

In fact, when asked, Nisha said she “wouldn’t say [Edmund] is responsible” for
the amount of $3,490.32. 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

NE, 18 April 2018, at 72:12–16.

In my view, SMSPL has not discharged its burden of proof.

337 SMSPL’s claim is dismissed.

SMSPL’s counterclaim relating to Venice Biennale expenses

338 A project by MOX, One Rosyth, was selected for exhibition at the Venice
Architecture Biennale 2014 (“the Venice Biennale”). The total cost of
participating in the event was estimated to be $75,000. SMSPL claimed that, at
Edmund’s request, it advanced him a total amount of $41,572.71 to enable him
to participate in the Venice Biennale. SPRING Singapore eventually approved a
grant of $14,946.03 and therefore SMSPL claimed the balance of $26,626.68. In
its counterclaim, SMSPL pleaded that Edmund and Jazz conspired to cause loss
and damage to SMSPL. 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 94.

However, in its closing submissions, SMSPL no longer pursued the claim against
Jazz.

339 Edmund claimed that the Venice Biennale was SMSPL’s official business and
the expenses should be borne by it. In her AEIC, Patty pointed to an email
dated 10 July 2014 from Edmund to one Mr Tan Wee Yong, who was the developer
of One Rosyth. 362

##### Foot Note 362

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 651.

In that email, Edmund stated as follows: 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

DBAEIC, vol VIII, at p 3947.

…Total expenditure is $80k ++ still consolidating the amount.

Design Singapore is given max - $25k (but I think can meet their target to
claim full cos they have max claim for each item.)

Wee Yong - $25k

Edmund - $25k

Suying paying for all shortfall…

340 Patty relied on the email to refute Edmund’s claim that all costs were for
official business of SMSPL and should be borne by SMSPL. 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 652.

It is true that the email shows that SMSPL did not agree to bear all the
costs. However, it also does not support SMSPL’s claim that it was merely
giving Edmund an advance. Other than simply being referred to Patty’s AEIC on
behalf of SMSPL, Edmund was not cross-examined on this email. 365

##### Foot Note 365

×

NE, 27 March 2018, at 46:18–47:10.

341 Edmund relied on the following:

(a) At the material time, pursuant to the Oral Agreement MOX and SMSPL
operated as one entity and SMSPL had already marketed One Rosyth as its
project. 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

PBAEIC, vol 10, at p 6588–6625 (at 6624).

(b) At the Venice Biennale, One Rosyth was exhibited as an SMSPL project. 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

PBAEIC, vol 10, at p 6626, 6697 and 6823.

(c) Patty had requested Edmund to invite Singapore’s ambassador to Italy, Dr
Loo Choon Yong, (who was also a client of SMSPL) to the Venice Biennale. 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

PBAEIC, vol 10, at p 6624.

(d) The amount paid by SMSPL was booked in its general ledger as an expense.
369

##### Foot Note 369

×

NE, 13 April 2018, at 101:13–16.

(e) Patty agreed that all credit went to SMSPL and not Edmund personally
because he would always mention that he was from SMSPL. 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

NE, 13 April 2018, at 103:11–14.

342 On balance, I find that SMSPL has not proved its claim that its payment of
$41,572.71 for the event was an advance to Edmund. SMSPL itself has treated
the amount paid as an expense and the evidence shows that SMSPL contributed to
the costs of participating in the Venice Biennale. SMSPL’s claim is dismissed.

SMSPL’s counterclaim against MOX for reimbursement for use of resources

343 SMSPL claimed $417,404.25, $2,300 and $2,200 being reimbursement for the
use of SMSPL’s resources to complete MOX’s pre-incorporation projects 371

##### Foot Note 371

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), prayer (1).

and $4,518.95 being expenses paid by SMSPL for MOX’s projects. 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), prayer (2).

As I have found in favour of Edmund’s version of the Oral Agreement, SMSPL’s
claims fail and are dismissed.

SMSPL’s counterclaim against Jazz – outstanding invoice for 22 Dunbar Walk

344 SMSPL issued Jazz an invoice (SM-2015-086-INV) dated 9 July 2015 for
$262,150 for interior design services in respect of 22 Dunbar Walk. 373

##### Foot Note 373

×

DBAEIC, vol II, tab 3, at p 1121.

Jazz claimed that Patty had agreed to provide the services at no cost, on
account of their close friendship. Jazz also alleged that Patty had on
previous occasions, refused to charge for her services. Patty disputed Jazz’s
claims.

345 I find that Patty did agree to provide the services at no cost. First,
there is no doubt that until the disputes between Patty and Edmund started,
Patty and Jazz were close friends. Back in 2010 (before SMSPL was formed),
when Jazz had offered to pay for Patty’s services, Patty’s reply was “don’t
insult me”. 374

##### Foot Note 374

×

PBAEIC, vol 12, at p 259.

Patty’s services for 22 Dunbar Walk were rendered after SMSPL had been formed.
In my view, Patty would have been more inclined to not charge Jazz after SMSPL
was formed, given that Edmund had a 35% stake in the company and the plan was
for Edmund to take over from Patty.

346 Second, it is telling that despite the amount involved, Patty did not
issue a fee proposal until 9 September 2015, after the commencement of this
action. Not surprisingly, Jazz did not sign the proposal. The invoice itself
was dated 9 July 2015, two months before the date of the fee proposal. Even
then, the invoice was backdated; Jazz received the invoice in September 2015.
Patty’s explanation that she held back on invoicing Jazz as she was waiting
for Edmund to account for his involvement on the project, rings hollow. 375

##### Foot Note 375

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 161.

It seems to me highly unlikely that Jazz would have proceeded without settling
the fee proposal when such a large sum was involved.

347 Third, sometime before 17 July 2015, Patty sent an angry message to Jazz
complaining about Edmund’s failure to pay SMSPL’s subcontractors for working
on 22 Dunbar Walk. 376

##### Foot Note 376

×

PBAEIC, vol. 2, p 835.

One would have imagined this would have been the exact moment Patty would have
raised the issue of payment of SMSPL’s fees for 22 Dunbar Walk. Instead, the
only matter Patty raised was the $400,000 “advance” that Edmund allegedly owed
SMSPL in connection with his director’s fees and dividends.

348 Patty relied on a message from Jazz on 8 May 2014 stating as follows: 377

##### Foot Note 377

×

DBAEIC, vol II, tab 3, at p 1116.

Next thing all finishing kitchen dry wet + furniture + living + wardrobe +
David n ah lek cost + carpet + bed + all bedroom + bathroom + lighting can u
keep all within $300k-$350k

Patty argued that this message showed that SMSPL was not providing its design
services for free. I find Patty’s argument disingenuous. The message from Jazz
merely referred to the cost of the furnishings. There is nothing in the
message about paying SMSPL for its services. It is also strange that the
message makes no mention of the fees if indeed fees were to be charged.
Further, the message emphasises Jazz’s concern about costs and points to the
fact that if fees were to be charged, Jazz would not have proceeded without
settling the fee proposal.

349 Patty also pointed to a prior occasion in August 2012 in which SMSPL had
billed Jazz $5,350 for design works for Jazz’s gallery at Ode to Art. 378

##### Foot Note 378

×

DBAEIC, vol II, tab 3, at 1118–1119.

On 29 April 2012, Jazz messaged Patty as follows:

Hihi sorry disturb you. Can u help me do design for raffles city shop…But must
pay ok. Not that much but Hv to ok…Can pls help…

Patty agreed to Jazz’s offer to pay, stating amenably “[o]nly if [you] agreed
to let my partner [in SMSPL] Edmund do it” (sic). Party argued that this
showed that SMSPL did not perform its services for free. In my view, Jazz’s
insistence on paying, and the fact that Patty had to agree to charge,
reinforces the fact that ordinarily, Patty would not charge Jazz for her
services.

350 I find that SMSPL has not proved that there was any agreement that Jazz
would pay for Patty’s services. Accordingly, I dismiss SMSPL’s claim.

SMSPL’s counterclaim against Edmund and MOX – miscellaneous expenses

351 SMSPL claimed that Edmund had wrongfully charged the following expenses to
SMSPL: 379

##### Foot Note 379

×

1DCS, at para 195.

(a) $19,938.77 being expenses for projects unrelated to SMSPL;

(b) $6,676.42 being Edmund’s personal expenses;

(c) $16,892.52 which were charged to SMSPL without any proper documentation
and which was unrelated to any of SMSPL’s projects; 380

##### Foot Note 380

×

1DCS, at para 103A.

and

(d) $4,518.95 being expenses incurred by MOX.

Claim for $19,938.77

352 SMSPL claimed that the amount of $19,938.77 represented travel expenses
which were unrelated to SMSPL’s projects. 381

##### Foot Note 381

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 8O.

It appears that this amount is the total amount of items 33, 39, 77, 93, 94,
276 and 281 in Annex E to the statement of claim. SMSPL’s responses in Annex 5
to its defence and counterclaim merely make the bare statement that these are
Edmund’s personal expenses. In her AEIC on behalf of SMSPL, Patty also does
not explain why these items represent Edmund’s personal expenses. 382

##### Foot Note 382

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at paras 661–662.

353 The burden of proof is on SMSPL. I find that SMSPL has not discharged its
burden of proof. This claim is dismissed.

Claim for $6,676.42

354 SMSPL claimed that the total amount of $6,676.42 represent Edmund’s
personal expenses. 383

##### Foot Note 383

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 8CC.

It appears that this amount is the total amount of

(a) items 13 and 374–378 (total $1,676.42) in Annex H1 to the statement of
claim; and

(b) item 75 ($5,000) in Annex H2 to the statement of claim. 384

##### Foot Note 384

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 664.

355 Again, SMSPL’s responses in Annex 9 to its defence and counterclaim merely
state that the items in Annex H1 mentioned above, are Edmund’s personal
expenses. In her AEIC on behalf of SMSPL, Patty does not explain why these
items are Edmund’s personal expenses. 385

##### Foot Note 385

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 663.1.

I find that SMSPL has not proved its claim in respect of the abovementioned
items in Annex H1 and its claim is dismissed.

356 As for item 75 in Annex H2, the description of the item (ie, “photography
fee for Rosyth Road/Edmund residence”) 386

##### Foot Note 386

×

PBAEIC, vol 8, at p 5389 (item 844318),

does suggest that at least part of it is Edmund’s personal expense. The burden
therefore shifts to Edmund. Edmund has not explained why this item should
properly be charged to SMSPL. I therefore order that Edmund pays the amount of
$5,000 to SMSPL.

Claim for $16,892.52

357 SMSPL claimed that Edmund charged $16,892.52 to SMSPL without any proper
documentation and that these expenses were unrelated to SMSPL’s projects. 387

##### Foot Note 387

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 103A.

No particulars are provided in SMSPL’s defence and counterclaim. Instead,
Patty particularised this claim in her AEIC. 388

##### Foot Note 388

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 665.

This is not satisfactory practice, even though I note that it was open to
Edmund to ask for particulars. In any event, Patty did not explain what the
problem was with the documentation. Neither did she explain why the items were
unrelated to SMSPL’s projects. SMSPL has not discharged its burden of proof.
This claim is dismissed.

Claim for $4,518.95

358 SMSPL claimed that Edmund had caused SMSPL to pay for MOX’s expenses in
respect of projects which belonged solely to MOX. 389

##### Foot Note 389

×

SMSPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), at para 105B.

Again, no particulars are given in SMSPL’s defence and counterclaim. Patty
provided the particulars in her AEIC. 390

##### Foot Note 390

×

Patty’s SMSPL AEIC, at para 666.

Patty did not explain why the items set out in her AEIC were payable by MOX
and not SMSPL. Further, all of the payments by SMSPL took place after SMSPL
had been incorporated. Based on Edmund’s version of the Oral Agreement, these
could have been expenses that were meant to be borne by SMSPL. I find that
SMSPL has not discharged its burden of proof. This claim is dismissed.

Patty’s counterclaim

359 SMSPL first filed its defence dated 29 September 2015 without any
counterclaim. On the other hand, Patty’s defence and counterclaim dated 30
September 2015 included a prayer for an order to authorise proceedings to be
brought in SMSPL’s name or on its behalf, against Edmund for any loss and
damage caused or to be caused to SMSPL. Subsequently, on 18 January 2016,
SMSPL amended its defence and included a counterclaim against Edmund.

360 Patty acknowledged that it was no longer necessary for her to pursue her
counterclaim since SMSPL has filed its counterclaim against Edmund. However,
Patty now counterclaims against Edmund for the costs of having had to raise in
her counterclaim, all the claims that SMSPL has since made against Edmund by
way of SMSPL’s counterclaim against Edmund and MOX. 391

##### Foot Note 391

×

Patty’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), at para 133.

361 There is no evidence before me as to why SMSPL did not or could not have
filed its counterclaim. Patty and Anita would have outvoted Edmund and there
is no evidence that Anita did not wish SMSPL to counterclaim against Edmund.
Indeed, the evidence shows that Patty had the support of Anita and that Patty
was in control of SMSPL in respect of the present proceedings. In the
circumstances, there was no reason for the counterclaim by Patty in the first
place. Patty’s counterclaim is dismissed.

Conclusion

362 I find in favour of Edmund’s version of the Oral Agreement, ie, all fees
(less expenses incurred) for pre-incorporation projects, collected by MOX and
SDPL based on invoices issued after the Incorporation Date, are to be paid
over to SMSPL. However, as conceded by Edmund, this would not apply where the
work had been completed before the Incorporation Date. (See [76] above). Patty
and Edmund are to procure that SDPL and MOX respectively account to SMSPL for
all invoices issued and payments received, in accordance with the Oral
Agreement. In the case of SDPL, this is in respect of invoices and payments
that have not already been included in Annexes A and B (see [366(a)] below).

363 Based on the findings summarised at [203] above, Edmund has established a
case against Patty under s 216(1). It is common ground that a winding up order
against SMSPL is appropriate and I so order.

364 SMSPL’s accounts for 2012 and 2013 are to be adjusted to give effect to
the findings in this case. All fees in respect of MOX’s and SDPL’s pre-
incorporation projects which have been paid pursuant to invoices issued after
the Incorporation Date have to be included as part of SMSPL’s revenue. To the
extent that the profits are found to be insufficient to support the dividends
declared for 2012 and/or 2013, the respective shareholders will have to return
either all or part (proportionally) of the dividends received by each of them.
(See [128] and [136] above).

365 SDPL is to pay to SMSPL the following:

(a) $872,864 in respect of six of the Debit Notes that Patty wrongfully caused
SMSPL to pay SDPL on (see [220] above);

(b) $1,388 being the amount overpaid to SDPL (see [226] above);

(c) $48,333.72 being salaries for SDPL’s employees which were wrongly billed
to SMSPL (see [227] above);

(d) $169,507.67 being its tax and GST liabilities that SMSPL paid on SDPL’s
behalf (see [229] above); and

(e) $194,290.08 being the amount that Patty wrongfully caused SMSPL to write
off (see [230] above).

366 Patty is to

(a) procure SDPL to pay the sum of $$1,320,586.67 (under Annex A) and
$1,545,904 (under Annex B) to SMSPL (see [225] above);

(b) pay SMSPL the sum of $672,000 which she has wrongfully retained (see [232]
above); and

(c) pay $39,276 that was wrongly accrued to her account (see [241] above).

367 SMSPL is to pay Edmund the sum of $4,063.45 being his outstanding salary
for the period from 1 to 12 October 2015, and the sum of $265,000 being the
outstanding balance of his director’s fee for 2013 (see [248] above). I also
declare that the sum of $200,000 paid to Edmund in August 2013 was paid to him
as director’s fees for 2012.

368 Edmund is to pay SMSPL:

(a) $1,000 being nominal damages in respect of the project at Starhub at Plaza
Singapura (see [266]);

(b) $1,000 being nominal damages in respect of the project at 246 Telok Kurau
Road (see [267]);

(c) $40,000 in respect of the project at Kim Chuan Façade (see [272] above);

(d) $10,000 in respect of the project at Play United at Plaza Singapura (see
[281] above);

(e) $1,000 being nominal damages in respect of the project at Beijing House
Gallery (see [283] above);

(f) $25,000 in respect of the project at KL Ode to Art Retail Shop (see [287]
above);

(g) $1,000 being nominal damages for breach of confidentiality (see [297]
above);

(h) $150,750 as damages in respect of the project involving Mr Sun’s apartment
in Xiamen, China (see [325] above); and

(i) $5,000 in respect of item 75 in Annex H2 of the statement of claim (see
[356] above).

369 Edmund is liable to indemnify SMSPL for the fees for the Burger King
project to the extent that such fees are not recoverable from the client
otherwise than due to SMSPL’s own omission or fault (see [269] above).

370 Edmund is liable to account to SMSPL for the profits made by him in
respect of the project at 12 Ewart Park (see [276] above).

371 All other claims and counterclaims are dismissed.

372 There shall be liberty to apply.

373 I will hear parties on costs.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge

Tan Chee Meng SC, Kerry Chan, Paul Loy and Jitr Vilaivongse (WongPartnership
LLP) for the plaintiff by original action  
and first, second, and third defendants in counterclaim;  
Boey Swee Siang, Lin Yuankai, Selina Toh and Just Wang  
(Bird & Bird ATMD LLP) for the first defendant by original action  
and second plaintiff in counterclaim;  
William Ong, Lee Bik Wei and Robin Teo  
  
and first plaintiff in counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

