Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 07

Originating Summons No 1069 of 2018

(Summons No 4328 of 2018)

In the matter of Section 27 of the Building and Construction Industry Security
of Payment Act (Cap 30B 2006 Rev Ed)AndIn the matter of Order 95 Rule 2 of the
Rules of CourtAndIn the matter of Adjudication No SOP/AA 256 of 2018  
---  
  
Between

| Sito Construction Pte Ltd (trading as Afone International)  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| PBT Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Building and Construction Law] — [Dispute resolution] — [Jurisdictional
objection] — [Waiver] — [Patent errors]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sito Construction Pte Ltd (trading as Afone International)

  

v

  

PBT Engineering Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 07

High Court — Originating Summons No 1069 of 2018 (Summons No 4328 of 2018)  
Tan Siong Thye J  
1 November 2018; 12 November 2018

14 January 2019

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The respondent, PBT Engineering Pte Ltd, was a subcontractor for the
building and construction project known as the “Proposed Development of
Ancillary Building for Changi East to effect 3-Runway Operations at Singapore
Changi Airport – Package One – Supply and Installation of RC Building Works
and Drainage Works” (“the Project”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Goh Boon Leong dated 28 August 2018 (“Goh’s 1st Affidavit”) at
para 6. See also Affidavit of Phua Boon Kin dated 19 September 2018 (“Phua’s
1st Affidavit”) at para 8.

On 1 April 2016, the respondent entered into a contract with a sole
proprietorship, Afone International, to work on the Project (“the Contract”).
At that time, Mr Loke Swee Wan (“Mr Loke”) was the sole proprietor of Afone
International. About a month after the Contract, in May 2016, Mr Loke sold the
business of Afone International to the applicant, Sito Construction Pte Ltd. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Goh Boon Leong dated 3 October 2018 (“Goh’s 2nd Affidavit”) at
para 10.

The applicant retained all the employees of Afone International. Mr Loke
became an employee of Afone International after the sale of the business until
August 2018. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Goh’s 2nd Affidavit at para 10.

The applicant lodged a change of ownership of Afone International with the
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) only on 16 July 2018
and back-dated it to 1 July 2016, ie, more than two years after the change of
ownership. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at paras 5 to 7.

It is undisputed that no notice was given to the respondent regarding this
change of ownership and neither was there any novation of the Contract.

2 Under the new sole proprietor, Afone International continued to carry out
its obligations under the Contract with the respondent. From July 2016 till
August 2017, the applicant had done works under the Contract for the
respondent and in turn, the respondent had paid the applicant $4,811,246.13. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at para 35.

3 Afone International issued Payment Claim No. 25 (“Payment Claim”) on 14 June
2018 and served it on the respondent. This Payment Claim was for the sum of
$2,047,712.04 and it was for work done by Afone International pursuant to the
Contract up till the date of the Payment Claim. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at para 13.

The respondent did not serve any payment response in respect of the Payment
Claim. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at para 14.

4 On 17 July 2018, the applicant served on the respondent a Notice of
Intention to Apply for Adjudication. On 18 July 2018 an adjudication
application (“AA”) pursuant to s 13 of the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SOPA”) was lodged by the
applicant. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at paras 15–16.

5 On 19 July 2018, the respondent did a business profile search of Afone
International and learnt of the change in ownership of Afone International. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at para 20 and Exhibit PBK-1 at p 732.

The respondent lodged its adjudication response on 26 July 2018. The applicant
and respondent tendered further submissions on 31 July 2018 and 1 August 2018
respectively. An adjudication conference was held on 2 August 2018 and both
parties made oral submissions. It is important to note that the respondent was
legally represented at all times during the adjudication process. Throughout
the adjudication process, the respondent did not dispute that the Contract was
not binding between Afone International and the respondent. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at pp 443 and 638.

6 On 15 August 2018, the adjudicator issued his determinations (“the AD”) and
held that the respondent was liable as follows:

(a) That the respondent pays to the applicant the adjudicated amount of
$1,752,684.22 (inclusive of GST) (“the Adjudicated Amount”);

(b) That the due date of the payment for the Adjudicated Amount is 12 August
2018;

(c) That the respondent pays interest at the rate of 5.33% per annum on the
Adjudicated Amount or any part thereof which remains unpaid. The interest is
to run from 12 August 2018 up to the date of full payment;

(d) That the respondent is to pay the Adjudicated Amount and the interest
thereon to the applicant within 7 days from the service of the AD; and

(e) That the respondent bears 70% of the Adjudication Application fee of $642
(inclusive of GST) and the adjudicator fee of $30,694.02 (inclusive of GST)
(“Adjudication Costs”). The applicant bears the balance of 30%. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Goh’s 1st Affidavit at pp 238 and 239.

7 However, payment was not forthcoming from the respondent. Thus, the
applicant’s solicitors wrote a letter dated 17 August 2018 to the respondent’s
solicitors to demand payment of the Adjudicated Amount, the interest thereon
as well as the respondent’s share of the Adjudication Costs. As at 28 August
2018, there was no reply from the respondent’s solicitors. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Goh’s 1st Affidavit at paras 14–15.

8 Consequently, the applicant filed an ex parte originating summons HC/OS
1069/2018 (“the OS”) to enforce the AD under s 27 of SOPA. Its application was
granted. On 4 September 2018, HRC/ORC 5818/2018 was extracted (“the Court
Order”). On 19 September 2018 the respondent in turn filed summons HC/SUM
4328/2018 to, inter alia, set aside both the Court Order and the AD (“the
setting aside application”).

9 After hearing the parties on 1 November 2018, I dismissed the setting aside
application. On 2 November 2018, the respondent made a request with
comprehensive submissions for further arguments, which I granted it. In reply,
the applicant filed its further arguments on 5 November 2018. The respondent
filed a reply on 7 November 2018.

10 On 12 November 2018, the parties came before me to make further oral
arguments and upon considering their submissions, I maintained my decision to
dismiss the setting aside application.

11 On 8 December 2018, about a month after my decision, the respondent
appealed. I now give the grounds of my decision.

The parties’ cases

12 I shall first set out the respective parties’ cases, starting with the
respondent who had filed the setting aside application.

The respondent’s case

13 First, the respondent argued that the AD was invalid for want of
jurisdiction. The respondent submitted that the applicant had no cause of
action and locus standi against the respondent under the Contract because it
was not a party thereto. The respondent argued that the Contract was entered
into between Mr Loke, trading as Afone International, and not the applicant,
trading as Afone International. When Mr Loke sold the business to the
applicant, the business of Mr Loke, trading as Afone International, ceased to
exist. Since there was no novation or assignment agreement between the
applicant, trading as Afone International, and the respondent, there was no
contractual relationship between them. Therefore, there was no basis for the
applicant to bring the AA under SOPA. Thus the resulting AD was invalid for
want of jurisdiction. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 26 to 34. See also Respondent’s
Further Arguments at paras 3.2.1 to 4.

Hence, it follows that the Court Order in the OS was also invalid.

14 Second, the respondent argued that the applicant could not sue in its own
name because it was a sole proprietorship and so must sue in the name of the
sole proprietor. The respondent cited Order 77 rule 9 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 19 to 25. See also Request for
Further Arguments in letter dated 2 November 2018 at paras 3 to 3.1.6.

Therefore, the respondent argued that the OS was invalid and the Court Order
made therein should be dismissed. The respondent also argued that similarly,
the AA filed by the applicant under SOPA was filed under the name of Afone
International and not under the applicant’s name, ie, Sito Construction Pte
Ltd. Thus, the AA was also invalid. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 21 and 22.

15 Finally, the respondent argued that the AD was also invalid because there
had been a patent error in the findings of the adjudicator. In particular, the
adjudicator was wrong to find that there was no settlement agreement between
the parties. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 35 to 38.

The applicant’s case

16 In reply, the applicant argued that the respondent failed to raise the
objection that there was no contractual relationship between the applicant and
the respondent at the adjudication. Thus, the respondent could not raise this
objection at the setting aside application. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 33. See also Applicant’s letter dated 5
November 2018 at paras 3.4 to 3.16.

17 In any event, the applicant argued that it was the correct party to
commence the AA pursuant to the Payment Claim because the signatories to the
Contract was Afone International and the respondent. When the applicant bought
over Afone International’s business, it continued trading under the business
name “Afone International” and the applicant became the contracting party
under the Contract. Hence, there was no requirement for the applicant to enter
into a novation or assignment agreement with the respondent when it took over
the business of Afone International. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Applicant’s Submissions at paras 27 to 31.

18 With regard to the respondent’s claim that the applicant had improperly
brought this OS by not stating the name of the sole proprietor of Afone
International, the applicant submitted that this was merely a procedural
irregularity which could be remedied by amendment. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Applicant’s Further Submissions at paras 5 to 34.

The applicant also submitted that the Rules of Court did not apply to
adjudication applications under SOPA. Hence, Order 77 rule 9 would not have
applied in this case. Therefore, the AA was validly brought when it named the
claimant as “Afone International” instead of the applicant, ie, Sito
Construction Pte Ltd, “trading as Afone International”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Applicant’s Further Submissions at paras 35 to 41.

19 Finally, the applicant submitted that the adjudicator was correct to find
that there was no settlement agreement entered into between the parties. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Applicant’s Submissions at paras 37 to 39.

In any event, the applicant submitted that the court should not review the
merits of an adjudicator’s decision. Thus, the respondent was not entitled to
raise this argument again at the setting aside application. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Applicant’s Submissions at paras 40 to 46.

My decision

20 At the hearing on 12 November 2018, I considered the following issues:

(a) Were the parties bound by the Contract despite the fact that there was a
change in the sole proprietor of Afone International one month after the
Contract was executed?

(b) Was the respondent estopped from raising the jurisdictional objection that
there was no contract between the parties at this setting aside application
after having failed to raise it at the adjudication proceedings?

(c) Was there a patent error when the adjudicator found that there was no
settlement agreement between the parties?

21 In my consideration, I also dealt with the preliminary issues as to whether
the applicant, then identified only as Afone International, had been properly
named in the OS and the AA. The respondent asserted that since Afone
International is a sole proprietorship, the proper party for the applicant
should have been named in the OS as Sito Construction Pte Ltd (trading as
Afone International). The applicant’s counsel, upon realising the mistake,
made an oral application on the first hearing of the setting aside application
to amend the name of the applicant in the OS.

22 I shall first deal with the two preliminary issues before addressing the
principal issues in turn.

Whether the applicant should be allowed to amend the name of the applicant in
the OS

23 This issue requires the analysis of Order 77 rule 9 of the Rules of Court
which states:

An individual carrying on business within the jurisdiction in a name or style
other than his own name may be sued in that name or style as if it were the
name of a firm, and Rules 2 to 8 shall, so far as applicable, apply as if he
were a partner and the name in which he carries on business were the name of
his firm.

24 This rule means that a sole proprietor who is carrying on a business as a
sole proprietorship under a business name different from his name can be sued
under his business but he, in turn, cannot sue under his business name (Mason
& Son v Morgridge (1892) 8 T.L.R 805 cited in Singapore Civil Procedure (Sweet
& Maxwell, 2016) at para 77/9/3). Therefore, the OS filed by the applicant
which initially named Afone International as the applicant was not proper
because, Afone International, being the business name of the applicant could
not have been named as the party for the applicant to bring proceedings in
court.

25 However, the applicant could nonetheless apply under Order 20 rule 5(3) of
the Rules of Court to amend the name of the applicant to reflect the name of
the sole proprietor. Order 20 rules 5(2) and 5(3) of the Rules of Court
provide:

(2) Where an application to the Court for leave to make the amendment
mentioned in paragraph (3), (4) or (5) is made after any relevant period of
limitation current at the date of issue of the writ has expired, the Court may
nevertheless grant such leave in the circumstances mentioned in that paragraph
if it thinks it just to do so.

(3) An amendment to correct the name of a party may be allowed under paragraph
(2) notwithstanding that it is alleged that the effect of the amendment will
be to substitute a new party if the Court is satisfied that the mistake sought
to be corrected was a genuine mistake and was not misleading or such as to
cause any reasonable doubt as to the identity of the person intending to sue
or, as the case may be, intended to be sued.

[emphasis added]

26 In Thu Aung Zaw v Ku Swee Boon (trading as Norb Creative Studio) [2018] 4
SLR 1260 (“Ku Swee Boon”), I held that the amendment of the name of an
applicant, from the business name of a sole proprietorship to the name of the
sole proprietor, was not a substantive amendment and I granted the application
to amend the name of the applicant provided that the conditions under Order 20
rules 5(2) and 5(3) of the Rules of Court had been satisfied (at [24] to
[30]). In Ku Swee Boon, I was satisfied that the error in naming the applicant
was a genuine mistake and was not misleading or such as to cause reasonable
doubt as to the identity of the true applicant and that it was just to grant
the leave to amend.

27 Applying the above principles to this case, it was clear that the applicant
was under the mistake that the originating summons was filed properly. The
applicant also made an oral application at the earliest opportunity when it
became aware of this error. Furthermore, it was evident from the affidavits
filed in support of this setting aside application that the respondent was
aware of the true identity of the applicant ie. that it was Sito Construction
Pte Ltd (trading as Afone International). Thus, the respondent knew that it
was Sito Construction Pte Ltd (trading as Afone International) that provided
its services to the respondent under the Contract when the OS was being
contested. Therefore, I granted the applicant’s application to amend the name
of the applicant because it did not prejudice the respondent in the least and
it was only just to ensure that the names of the parties in the OS were
accurately reflected.

Whether the applicant had correctly stated the name of the claimant in the AA

28 The respondent argued that Afone International, being a sole
proprietorship, was not entitled to maintain the AA for the simple reason that
it had no legal capacity to do so. Thus, the business name “Afone
International” could not have been used to obtain the AD in the first place
and so the AD was invalid. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Respondent’s letter dated 7 November 2018 at paras 4 to 9.

The respondent cited Order 77 rule 9 of the Rules of Court to support this
proposition. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 19 to 25 and Respondent’s letter
dated 7 November 2018 at paras 4 to 9.

The respondent argued that the Rules of Court applied to an adjudication
application under SOPA and since the AA was brought under the name of Afone
International and not Sito Construction Pte Ltd (trading as Afone
International), the AA was invalid (see above at [13]).

29 With respect, I disagreed with the respondent. The Rules of Court do not
apply to adjudication proceedings under SOPA. First, the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) provides at s 80(1) the purpose of the
Rules of Court which is to govern the procedures of the High Court and the
Court of Appeal:

Rules of Court

80. – (1) The Rules Committee constituted under subsection (3) may make Rules of Court regulating and prescribing the procedure (including the method of pleading) and the practice to be followed in the High Court and the Court of Appeal respectively in all causes and matters whatsoever in or with respect to which those courts respectively have for the time being jurisdiction (including the procedure and practice to be followed in the Registry of the Supreme Court) and any matters incidental to or relating to any such procedure or practice.

30 Second, the Rules of Court unambiguously affirmed this position under Order
1 rule 2(1) which states:

Subject to this Rule, these Rules shall have effect in relation to all
proceedings in the Supreme Court and the State Courts, in so far as the
matters to which these Rules relate are within the jurisdiction of those
Courts and, unless the Court otherwise orders, apply to pending proceedings
therein.

However, the only provision in the Rules of Court that makes reference to SOPA
is Order 95, which deals with the application for enforcement of adjudication
determinations and to set aside the adjudication determinations. Hence, the
Rules of Court do not apply to the adjudication proceedings under SOPA.

31 Third, there is no reference in SOPA or its attendant regulations, the
Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Regulations (Cap 30B,
Rg 1, 2006 Ed) (“SOPA Regulations”) that the Rules of Court apply to a payment
claim and to an adjudication application brought under SOPA. The relevant
procedures for issuing a payment claim can be found under s 10 of SOPA and reg
5 of SOPA Regulations. The relevant procedures for an adjudication application
under SOPA are provided for under s 13 of SOPA and reg 7 of SOPA Regulations.
Neither SOPA nor SOPA Regulations states that an adjudication application
cannot be brought by a sole proprietorship and neither does SOPA nor SOPA
Regulations state that a sole proprietorship cannot issue a payment claim or
adjudication application under its business name.

32 Therefore, the Rules of Court do not apply to the procedure under SOPA. The
Payment Claim issued by the applicant and the AA filed by the applicant under
the name of Afone International was valid as it complied with ss 10 and 13 of
SOPA as well as regs 7 and 10 of SOPA Regulations. Hence, the resulting AD was
valid.

33 I would like to mention that at the material time, during the adjudication
proceedings, the respondent was aware that the applicant, Sito Construction
Pte Ltd, was trading as Afone International and that it was the applicant that
brought the claim. The respondent was represented at all times by the same
counsel who argued at the setting aside application and the adjudication
proceedings. The respondent had made an ACRA Business Profile search on 19
July 2018 and knew that Afone International was owned by Sito Construction Pte
Ltd one day after the adjudication application was served on the respondent
(see above at [1] and [5]). Hence, the respondent was not prejudiced nor was
it under a misapprehension as to who brought the Payment Claim and the AA
against it. This further explained why the respondent did not raise any
objections as to the identity of the claimant in the adjudication proceedings.

34 Having already found that the Payment Claim and the AA were properly filed
and having already granted the applicant leave to amend the OS to properly
reflect the name of the applicant, I now turn to the substantive issues in
dispute between the parties.

Whether there was a contract between the applicant and the respondent

35 On this issue the respondent argued that there was no contract between the
parties. Thus, the AD was invalid for want of jurisdiction and it must be set
aside along with the Court Order in the OS.

36 It is axiomatic that a sole proprietorship or a firm does not have a
distinct and separate legal entity from its sole proprietor. Therefore, when
the sole proprietorship enters into a contract, at law, it is the sole
proprietor himself who enters into the contract (Walter Woon on Company Law
(Tan Cheng Han SC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Revised 3rd Ed, 2009) at para
1.8). However, in applying this principle it is necessary to examine the true
intention of the parties when they had executed the Contract and on whom the
parties intended the contractual burden to fall.

37 In this case, the parties to the Contract were Afone International and the
respondent. Mr Loke was merely the “Managing Director” who signed on behalf of
Afone International. The respondent argued that this could only mean that the
Contract was between Mr Loke personally and the respondent by virtue of Afone
International being a sole proprietorship. From the evidence, the respondent’s
true intention was to contract with Afone International, as a business, to
carry out the works under the Contract. The fact that Afone International was
a sole proprietorship and that Mr Loke was the sole proprietor when the
Contract was executed was merely a legal technicality which the parties never
considered. I found that this was only brought up now at such a late stage
with the benefit of hindsight and it was the respondent’s attempt to rewrite
what was in its mind at the relevant time to defeat the applicant’s Payment
Claim under the AD. Further, it was clear that the respondent was not engaging
Mr Loke for his personal goodwill or reputation but rather, the respondent was
engaging the entire sole proprietorship of Afone International when the
Contract was executed. Hence, the respondent’s intention was for Afone
International to carry out the works under the Contract and not Mr Loke. If
the respondent’s intention was to contract with only Mr Loke and not Afone
International, the Contract would have clearly indicated this. This was not
the case here. Thus, it seemed that it did not matter to the respondent who
was the sole proprietor or owner of Afone International, provided that the
Contract was fulfilled by the business run under the name “Afone
International”.

38 This is consistent with the findings of this court in Chiah Huat Foodstuffs
and Packaging (a firm) v Ng Bin Hua (formerly trading as Tjun Fong Enterprise)
[1992] 3 SLR(R) 270 (“Chiah Huat”). In that case, the plaintiffs supplied
ginseng tea leaf to a business known as “Tjun Fong Enterprise” from January
1990 to June 1990. The delivery orders and invoices made out by the plaintiffs
stated that the goods were “Sold to Tjun Fong Enterprise”. Tjun Fong
Enterprise was registered as a sole proprietorship. Tjun Fong Enterprise had
three sole proprietors in control of the business at different periods of
time. The relevant period was when Ng Bin Hua, the defendant in Chiah Huat,
was the sole proprietor, which was from 5 December 1989 to 3 April 1990.
During that time, the plaintiffs had supplied $49,198.20 worth of ginseng tea
leaf to Tjun Fong Enterprise. G P Selvam JC held that the defendant was
clearly liable for the goods supplied during the time the defendant was the
sole proprietor. Although it is not clear on the facts of Chiah Huat whether
the supply agreement was governed by an overarching contract or was on an
order and invoice basis, what is clear is that the plaintiffs in that case
understood that it was dealing with Tjun Fong Enterprise and continued to
supply ginseng tea leaf to Tjun Fong Enterprise despite the change in the sole
proprietors of Tjun Fong Enterprise.

39 Likewise, in this case, the respondent contracted with Afone International
to carry out the works stipulated under the Contract. Afone International,
indeed, honoured its part of the Contract by providing the necessary
contractual services to the respondent who failed to make the necessary
payment for the services rendered. Notwithstanding the change of ownership in
Afone International in the early part of the Contract, the parties had held
themselves to be bound by the Contract. When Mr Loke sold Afone International
to Sito Construction Pte Ltd one month after the Contract was signed, the
consideration must also have included the performance of the Contract with the
respondent. The sale of Afone International was an internal matter of Afone
International which had nothing to do with the respondent. Given what
transpired in this case leading up to the issuance of the Payment Claim, it
could hardly be said that the respondent was concerned about the sale of Afone
International between different sole proprietors provided that Afone
International as a business remained in operation and fulfilled the Contract.

40 Furthermore, the fact that the respondent so readily admitted in its
adjudication response that the Contract was binding between the applicant and
the respondent reinforced my findings. I note that although the applicant only
lodged a change in ownership of Afone International with ACRA on 16 July 2018,
the respondent did an ACRA search on 19 July 2018 and learnt of the identity
of the new sole proprietor of Afone International. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at para 20 and Exhibit PBK-1 at pp 17 and 732.

Despite this knowledge, it nonetheless filed its adjudication response on 26
July 2018 and admitted that the “[applicant] is the sub-sub-contractor engaged
by the [respondent] who is the sub-contractor of the Project, pursuant to a
written agreement dated 1 April 2016 [ie., the Contract]”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at p 445 para 4.

It is also important to note that the arguments advanced by the respondent
during the adjudication process were premised on the existence of a
contractual relationship between the parties. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at pp 443 – 615 and 638 – 727.

41 Finally, I would like to mention that cll 6.1 and 6.2 of the Contract state
that there shall be no novation or assignment of the Contract without prior
written consent of the respondent. These simply mean that for any novation or
assignment of the Contract by Afone International to a different party other
than Afone International, written consent by the respondent is required. These
provisions do not deal with the change of ownership of Afone International.
These clauses were not relevant to this case. Therefore, I did not agree with
the respondent’s argument that the change of ownership of Afone International
without prior written consent from the respondent was in breach of cll 6.1 and
6.2. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 5, 31 and 32.

At the hearing, the respondent did not pursue this line of argument although
novation and assignment were mentioned in passing in its submissions.

42 For the reasons above, I found that the Contract continued to bind the
applicant and the respondent despite the change of ownership of Afone
International. Hence, the AD and subsequent Court Order were valid.

43 Before I deal with the next substantive issue, I would like to address the
respondent’s submissions that all the monies paid to the applicant in the sum
of $4,811,246.13 should be refunded because they were made under the mistaken
belief that the Contract was binding between the parties. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 41 to 44.

First, I did not place any weight to this argument because this was outside
the scope of the setting aside application. Second, having already found that
the Contract bound the parties, this argument is moot. Finally, the
respondent’s argument on this point was unsustainable. Having already accepted
the applicant’s works hitherto, without complaint and paid for most of it, it
was no longer opened to the respondent to argue that the applicant had been
unjustly enriched at the respondent’s expense. It was the respondent that had
enjoyed the applicant’s services and now used legal technicality to unjustly
deprive the applicant from being paid. The law cannot be allowed to be
unfairly manipulated by the respondent on technical grounds.

Whether the respondent had waived its rights to raise a jurisdictional
objection against the AD at the setting aside application

44 Having found that the Contract bound the parties, I shall now consider
whether the respondent had, nonetheless, waived its rights to raise a
jurisdictional objection against the AD at this setting aside application. To
determine this issue, guidance must be had from the Court of Appeal’s decision
in Audi Construction Pte Ltd v Kian Hiap Construction Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 317
(“Audi Construction”). First, the court must determine whether the adjudicator
has the power to decide on the matters raised in the jurisdictional objection
which go towards his jurisdiction. Second, if the court finds that the
adjudicator has such power, the court must then determine whether the
respondent had waived its rights to raise the jurisdictional objection because
it failed to raise it at the earliest possible opportunity during the
adjudication.

45 I shall first consider whether the adjudicator in a SOPA adjudication has
the power to decide matters which go towards his own jurisdiction. The Court
of Appeal in Audi Construction held at [45]:

In brief, we affirm the view expressed in Grouteam (at [67]) that an
adjudicator has the power to decide matters which go towards his jurisdiction.
Fundamentally, it is [SOPA] which governs the scope of matters which he is
entitled to decide, and nothing in [SOPA] takes jurisdictional matters out of
that scope. In fact, s 17(3)(c) of [SOPA] expressly gives him the power, in
determining an adjudication application, to consider the payment claim which
initiated the process leading to the adjudication. Having regard to the
purpose of [SOPA], which is to facilitate the speedy and efficient resolution
of disputes in the building and construction industry, s 17(3)(c) must be read
as conferring on an adjudicator the power to decide, among other things,
whether a payment claim has been validly served. …

[emphasis added]

46 The respondent contended that the Payment Claim and the AA were invalid
because there was no contract between the parties. The issue here is whether
the adjudicator had the power to decide whether a contract existed between the
applicant and the respondent. This was a critical issue that underpinned the
Payment Claim and the subsequent AA. Applying the principle in Audi
Construction cited above, regard must be had to s 17(3) of SOPA and I found
that the relevant provisions are s 17(3)(a), (b), (g) and (h) of SOPA which
provide:

Subject to subsection (4), in determining an adjudication application, an
adjudicator shall only have regard to the following matters:

(a) the provisions of this Act;

(b) the provisions of the contract to which the adjudication application
relates;

…

(g) the submissions and responses of the parties to the adjudication, and any
other information or document provided at the request of the adjudicator in
relation to the adjudication; and

(h) any other matter that the adjudicator reasonably considers to be relevant
to the adjudication.

47 In light of the above provisions, an adjudicator has the power to decide
whether a contract exists between the parties. This is important because it
allows the adjudicator to consider whether the payment claim and the
subsequent adjudication application brought for his consideration under SOPA
should be adjudicated in the first place. Such power to make a finding on the
existence of a contract between the claimant and the respondent lies at the
very heart of the adjudicator’s power to make a determination under an
adjudication application brought under SOPA.

48 This finding comports with the legislative intention of SOPA which is to
“facilitate the speedy and efficient resolution of disputes in the building
and construction industry” (Audi Construction at [45]). Therefore, the
adjudicator can rule on whether there exists a contract between the parties as
this would determine the validity of the adjudicated claim and to summarily
dismiss an application when no written contract exists.

49 The next issue was whether the respondent, by not raising the argument
during the adjudication that the Payment Claim and the subsequent AA were
invalid because of the absence of a contract between the parties, had
effectively waived its rights to raise this jurisdictional objection. Here,
the Court of Appeal in Audi Construction ruled at [65] to [67] as follows:

65 The question then arises as to whether a respondent’s failure to object to
an adjudicator’s jurisdiction or on a breach of a mandatory provision may be
regarded as an unequivocal representation for the purpose of waiver by
election and equitable estoppel. This in turn raises the issue whether he has
a duty to speak – that is, to speak by raising such objection – and, if so, by
when that duty should be discharged, failing which he may be regarded as
having waived his right to make that objection or as being estopped from doing
so.

66 Both questions, in our judgment, may be answered by reference to the legal
context of the issue, in particular, to s 15(3)(a) of [SOPA]. By that
provision, [SOPA] restricts the issues which can be raised before an
adjudicator to the issues stated in the payment response provided by the
respondent to the claimant. It follows that if a respondent wants to raise a
jurisdictional objection before the adjudicator, he must include that
objection in the payment response. Reading s 15(3)(a) as requiring a
respondent to raise any jurisdictional objection it has in its payment
response is, again, entirely in line with the purpose of [SOPA], which need
not be repeated (see [1], [49] and [52] above). Section 15(3)(a) and the
general regime of expeditious dispute resolution being the relevant legal
context of this case, we have no hesitation in holding that a respondent has a
duty to raise jurisdictional objections in his payment response.

67 In this connection, we note that in Grouteam ([12] supra), we considered
(at [64]) that a respondent should raise such objections at the “earliest
possible opportunity”. While this would be ideal, we acknowledge that silence
at literally the earliest possible opportunity (eg, the day on which the
payment claim is received) may not be sufficiently unequivocal for the purpose
of waiver by election or equitable estoppel. Accordingly, we are of the view
that a failure to object would amount to an unequivocal representation of a
decision to forgo one’s right to raise that objection only when such a failure
subsists at the time a claimant would reasonably expect the respondent to air
his objection. For the reasons stated at [66] above, that time is the time by
which the respondent is to file his payment response. This is consistent with
our view in Grouteam at [68] that:

… the appropriate time for the respondent to raise such an objection [ie, an
objection to the time of service of a payment claim] would generally be the
time at which it receives that payment claim or, at the latest, by the
deadline for it to submit its payment response …

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

50 I pause here to deal with the respondent’s arguments that the Court of
Appeal intended the principles in Audi Construction to only be “limited to the
broad meaning of jurisdictional objections pertaining questions of
irregularity of procedure or contingent jurisdiction or non-compliance with
the statutory condition precedents to the validity of a step in the
litigation”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 14.

The respondent further cites the Court of Appeal decision in Comfort
Management Pte Ltd v OGSP Engineering Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 979 (“Comfort
Management”) to say that not every failure to raise a jurisdictional objection
at an adjudication would preclude the same jurisdictional objection from
subsequently being raised before a reviewing court.

51 I did not agree with the respondent because first, such a narrow reading of
Audi Construction would go against the grain of the “general regime of
expeditious dispute resolution” which undergirds SOPA. At the risk of sounding
repetitive, the Court of Appeal in Audi Construction ruled that whether the
adjudicator is competent to decide matters that go towards his substantive
jurisdiction is a matter to be decided based on the governing legislation,
which is SOPA in this case. As I had found above, the adjudicator is competent
under SOPA to determine whether there exists a contract between the parties.
This is crucial because it lies at the very heart of the adjudicator’s power
to make a determination under an adjudication application brought under SOPA
and to summarily dismiss claims which are beyond his jurisdiction.

52 In Audi Construction, the respondent failed to raise the jurisdictional
issue in the payment response as required under s 15(3)(a) of SOPA. This
failure meant that the respondent in that case could not raise this issue
before the adjudicator as s 15(3)(a) is a mandatory provision. Accordingly,
the respondent in Audi Construction was prohibited from raising the
jurisdictional issue before the court for the purpose of setting aside the AD.
However, in this case the respondent also did not raise its jurisdictional
objection in its payment response. But the situation is different here because
when the Payment Claim was served on the respondent on 14 July 2018, the
applicant had not lodged a change of sole proprietor of Afone International
with ACRA as this was only done on 16 July 2018. Thus, it would not be fair to
expect the respondent to raise its jurisdictional objection in its payment
response. Notwithstanding the fact that the respondent was not able to raise
this issue in the payment response, I found that it had waived its rights to
raise the jurisdictional objection. I shall explain this below.

53 Second, I found that Comfort Management did not limit the ambit of the
principles laid down in Audi Construction. In Comfort Management, the Court of
Appeal ruled that in the absence of a payment or adjudication response, a
respondent to an adjudication application can nonetheless argue before the
reviewing court that the adjudication determination was invalid by
highlighting patent errors in the adjudication determination to the reviewing
court (Comfort Management at [67]). Patent errors are errors on the face of
the documents or evidence before the adjudicator. This ground of challenge is
different from a jurisdictional objection. Thus, I did not give any weight to
the respondent’s arguments on this point which I found was a misunderstanding
of Audi Construction.

54 Turning now to whether the respondent had waived its rights to raise the
jurisdictional objection (ie, that there was no contract between the parties),
in my view, the respondent ought to have raised the objection in its
adjudication response as the respondent had by then learnt of the change in
ownership of Afone International on 19 July 2018 and it had filed its
adjudication response on 26 July 2018 (see above at [38]). Thus, with due
respect, I did not accept the respondent’s argument that it could not be
estopped from raising this jurisdictional objection because it “was not
possible for the [respondent] here to have known at the material times (sic)
that there had been a change in sole proprietorship of the business known as
Afone International”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 17.

This is because the respondent was already aware of this change when it filed
its adjudication response.

55 Second, having read the respondent’s adjudication response, the
respondent’s reply to the applicant’s further submissions and the
adjudicator’s summary of the respondent’s arguments at the adjudication
conference, it was clear that the respondent did not raise the jurisdictional
objection that there was no contract between the parties. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at pp 443 – 615 and 638 – 727. See also Goh’s 1st
Affidavit at Exhibit GBL-1 pp 238 – 293.

A summary of the arguments raised by the respondent in the adjudication is as
follows:

(a) That the adjudicator must reject the applicant’s adjudication application
pursuant to s 16(2) of SOPA as it was not made in compliance with s 13(3)(c)
of SOPA read with reg 7(2)(a) of SOPA Regulations for not stating the name and
service address of the principal and owner of the Project; 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at p 445.

(b) That there was a settlement agreement on the applicant’s claims arising
out of the Contract for the applicant’s works done and so the applicant was
precluded from making the adjudication application; 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at pp 445 – 446.

and

(c) That the retention sum claimed under the Payment Claim was not due yet
under the Contract. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at p 446.

56 Most significantly, the respondent admitted that there was a contract
between the applicant and the respondent (see above at [38]).

57 Furthermore, upon reading the AD, I found that the respondent was fully
apprised of the change in sole proprietorship at that stage and even stated
that this change was inconsequential to the prior agreements made between Mr
Loke and the respondent after the change of ownership of Afone International.
This point was in fact amply ventilated at the adjudication conference. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Goh’s 1st Affidavit at Exhibit GBL-1 at pp 270 – 276.

What is significant here is that despite knowing the change in the sole
proprietor of Afone International, the respondent relied on it. The respondent
did not raise any arguments that there was no contract between the applicant
and the respondent and that the Contract was not binding on them.

58 Finally, I would like to highlight that the law on raising jurisdictional
objections is well laid down in Audi Construction. The principles in Audi
Construction are trite as they preserve the raison d’être of SOPA which is to
facilitate the speedy and efficient resolution of disputes in the building and
construction industry. Therefore, it is imperative on the parties to raise all
jurisdictional objections when they can at the earliest possible stage of the
adjudication process under SOPA. In light of the admissions made, ie, that
there was a valid contract between the parties, and the arguments made by the
respondent at the adjudication proceedings, the respondent’s jurisdictional
arguments raised at the setting aside application were afterthoughts. They
were made in the hope of having a second bite at the cherry. Allowing such
objections would defeat the regime of speedy and efficient resolution of
disputes under SOPA. For this reason and in light of the foregoing, I found
that the respondent had effectively waived its rights to raise these
jurisdictional objections. Hence, the respondent was not entitled to raise it
at the setting aside application.

Whether there is merit in the respondent’s submission that the adjudicator was
wrong in finding that there was no settlement agreement

59 The respondent argued that the AD was invalid because there had been a
patent error in the finding of the adjudicator. In particular, the adjudicator
was mistaken in finding that there was no settlement agreement between the
parties. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 35 to 38.

60 In considering the relevance of patent errors for a reviewing court,
guidance must be had to the principles laid down by the Court of Appeal in
Comfort Management. As mentioned above at [51], the Court of Appeal in Comfort
Management ruled that in the absence of a payment or adjudication response, a
respondent to an adjudication application can nonetheless argue before the
reviewing court that the adjudication determination was invalid by
highlighting patent errors in the adjudication determination to the reviewing
court (Comfort Management at [67]). This is because where there are patent
errors, the court will find that the adjudicator had breached his duty under
SOPA to adjudicate because he had failed to properly consider the documents
before him (Comfort Management at [81] – [84]).

61 In Comfort Management, the Court of Appeal agreed with the adjudicator that
“even in the absence of a payment response or an adjudication response, [the
adjudicator] must not merely rubber stamp a claim. [The adjudicator] must
consider the material properly before [him] and consider if there are patent
errors” [emphasis in original] (Comfort Management at [86]). However, the
Court of Appeal also emphasised that the adjudicator must not merely look for
patent errors but must also be independently persuaded that there was a
positive basis for granting the adjudication award (Comfort Management at
[86]).

62 Applying the above principles, I found that there were no patent errors in
the adjudicator’s decision. First, the adjudicator had considered the
submissions the respondent made in the respondent’s adjudication response, the
respondent’s reply to the claimant’s further submissions and the respondent’s
oral submissions at the adjudication conference in his AD. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Goh’s 1st Affidavit at Exhibit GBL-1 pp 244 to 293.

I also note that the parties had amply ventilated before the adjudicator on
the existence of a settlement agreement which, the respondent argued, would
preclude the applicant from issuing the Payment Claim. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at Exhibit PBK-1 pp 455 – 458, 642 – 646, 709 – 711.

63 Second, I was fully satisfied that the adjudicator had independently
considered all the evidence before him regarding the existence of a settlement
agreement. The adjudicator deliberated the respective parties’ submissions on
this point regarding the existence of a settlement agreement and decided that
“there was no signed settlement agreement, nor anything in the material
properly before me any evidence that monies were paid pursuant to the same”.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Goh’s 1st Affidavit at pp 281 – 282.

64 Indeed, upon reading the email correspondence between the parties which the
respondent submitted to the adjudicator, it was apparent that Mr Henry Chia of
the respondent had sent an email dated 19 May 2018 stating that “[t]he final
amount have yet to agree (sic)”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at p 711.

This was one day after the purported settlement agreement was executed. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Phua’s 1st Affidavit at para 28(b).

I note that Mr Henry Chia had filed an affidavit in the setting aside
application in which he stated that there was a settlement agreement reached
on 18 May 2018. I was unable to accept this evidence because this was
inconsistent with his own contemporaneous evidence cited in the aforementioned
email. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Affidavit of Chia Yoke Heng dated 11 October 2018 at paras 11 to 17.

Therefore, the adjudicator was correct in finding that there was no settlement
agreement between the parties.

65 Finally, and as a general observation, the thrust of the respondent’s
argument on this issue was actually to invite the court to set aside the AD
because the adjudicator had arrived at a conclusion different from what the
respondent desired even after both parties had amply ventilated their cases
before the adjudicator. This was tantamount to asking this court to review the
merits of the adjudicator’s decision. This, the respondent conceded, the court
could not do. Hence, for the above reasons, I found that there were no patent
errors in the AD and I rejected the respondent’s argument on this issue.

Summary of findings

66 In summary, I made the following findings in the setting aside application:

(a) I allowed the applicant’s oral application to amend the applicant’s name
in the OS to enforce the AA. There was no prejudice to the respondent as it
was a genuine mistake and the respondent knew that it was the applicant,
trading as Afone International, which brought the OS;

(b) SOPA does not prohibit a sole proprietorship from making a payment claim
under its business name. Thus, Afone International could lodge an AA under
SOPA against the respondent;

(c) The respondent intended to enter into a contract with Afone International
and not with Mr Loke;

(d) Afone International fulfilled its obligations under the Contract and thus
the respondent was obliged to pay Afone International for these services which
the applicant had satisfactorily performed until the monies claimed under the
Payment Claim;

(e) The respondent had waived its rights to raise the jurisdictional
objections that there was no contract between the parties because it had the
knowledge of the change in the sole proprietor of Afone International at the
time of the adjudication process and had ample opportunity to raise this
objection at the adjudication process. I also found that during the
adjudication process, the respondent had also admitted that there was a
contractual relationship between the parties; and

(f) There were no patent errors in the AD on the point that there was no
settlement agreement between the parties which precluded the applicant’s right
to raise the Payment Claim. I found that the adjudicator was amply justified
in coming to his finding that there was no such settlement agreement.

Conclusion

67 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the setting aside application and
ordered that the respondent pay costs to the applicant fixed at $7,000
inclusive of disbursements.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Koh Yheoh Zhou Napolean Rafflesson and Chong Yi Mei (Patrick Ong Law LLC) for
the applicant;  
Wong Tze Roy (Goh JP & Wong LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

