Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 23

Criminal Case No. 72 of 2017

Public Prosecutor

v

Mohammad Azwan bin Bohari

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Mohammad Azwan bin Bohari

[2019] SGHC 23

High Court — Criminal Case No 72 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
6 November 2017, 9–12 and 16–17 October 2018; 14 January 2019

11 February 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused, Mohammad Azwan bin Bohari (“Azwan”) was arrested by officers of
the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) on 17 October 2015 at 8.50pm in the car
park of Blk 629 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 4. Moments before, Azwan, apprehending
arrest, threw a biscuit tin to the ground. That tin was recovered by CNB
officers, and found to contain three packets of drugs, analysed to be 26.5g of
diamorphine, forming the subject of the charge in the trial before me. A sling
bag was also seized from Azwan and a small amount of drugs were found among
other items in the bag. The drugs in the sling bag are not the subject of this
trial.

2 Azwan did not dispute the fact that he was in possession of the three
packets of diamorphine, but he denies that he had them all for the purposes of
trafficking. His defence was that he was a drug addict and would normally set
aside 50% of the drugs he obtains for his personal consumption and the other
50% for sale to cover his costs. The doctors who examined Azwan shortly after
his arrest testified that Azwan exhibited mild withdrawal symptoms. Dr
Munidasa Winslow testified on Azwan’s behalf that withdrawal symptoms are not
indicative of an addict’s rate of consumption as there was no direct
correlation between them.

3 Azwan’s ex-girlfriend, Nurain Binte Ahmad (“Nurain”) was also arrested but
not charged for the drugs in this trial. Azwan made three claims regarding
Nurain. First, he said that he shared drugs for his personal consumption with
her. Secondly, he claimed that he had hidden the three packets of drugs from
her in the biscuit tin because he did not want her to think that he was a drug
trafficker. Thirdly, he said that he had changed the statements he made to the
CNB because he wanted to protect her.

4 Azwan challenged two of the statements he had given to the CNB. They were
both made on 22 October 2015. Initially, counsel for the accused, Mr Mohd
Muzammil submitted that these statements were inadmissible as Azwan made them
only because of a promise made by Assistant Superintendent of Police, Lee Jun
Tian (“ASP Billy”). He also claimed that he was threatened by ASP Billy. As
the evidence unfolded in the voir dire, it became apparent that Azwan was
challenging the statements only on the ground of a promise made by ASP Billy.
There was no evidence of any coercion or threat, and Mr Muzammil did not
pursue that ground in his submissions in the voir dire.

5 Azwan started recording his first statement on 22 October 2015 at 11.30am
(the “First Statement”). There was a break about 1.45pm and the recording of
his second statement resumed at 3.17pm and ended at 5.55pm (the “Second
Statement”). These statements were recorded by Investigating Officer Nicholas
Quah (“IO Quah”) with the assistance of an interpreter, Mr Farhan Bin Sani
(“Mr Farhan”). Azwan testified that just before paragraph 7 of the First
Statement was recorded, ASP Billy spoke to him. Azwan’s evidence as to this
conversation was not very clear except that it contains the promise made by
ASP Billy to Azwan, that caused Azwan to give the statements from paragraph 7
of the First Statement, and the entire Second Statement.

6 What exactly was the promise? That was Azwan’s problem. He claimed that ASP
Billy told him that he would be allowed to meet Nurain if he “co-operates”.
Azwan explained that by “co-operate”, he understood ASP Billy as saying:

(1) That he (Azwan) must answer all the questions put to him by IO Quah who
was recording the statement;

(2) He (Azwan) must not give any trouble; and

(3) He (Azwan) must change his position which in earlier statements he had
maintained that the three packets of drugs were only for his consumption and
not for trafficking.

ASP Billy promised that if Azwan “co-operates”, he (ASP Billy) will let Azwan
meet Nurain. Nurain was Azwan’s ex-girlfriend of a few months’ standing and
who was arrested together with Azwan on 17 October 2015 along with four other
persons. Nurain and Azwan were charged in court on 19 October 2015 for
trafficking in diamorphine. Whereas Nurain’s charge was later withdrawn and
she was charged for consumption of diamorphine (to which she pleaded guilty),
Azwan’s charge was not withdrawn and on which he stood trial before me.

7 In the course of his evidence in the voir dire, Azwan said that he changed
his statements because he wanted to save Nurain. He testified that he was
allowed to meet Nurain twice on 22 October 2015, namely almost immediately
after the recording of the First Statement and the Second Statement, and once
on 23 October 2015 at about 3.00pm after he completed recording another
statement. Azwan testified that ASP Billy allowed him to meet Nurain for about
five to ten minutes on each occasion.

8 IO Quah testified that he “cannot remember” as to (1) whether ASP Billy
entered the room during the recording of the First Statement, and (2) whether
Azwan was allowed to meet and speak to Nurain after the recording of the
Second Statement.

9 Mr Muzammil called Nurain as a defence witness in the voir dire, but she
only corroborated the Prosecution’s case that the only times she met Azwan
were the times they waited for transport to the court to be charged and when
they went to have their fingerprints taken, and even then, it was only briefly
— “one in and one out”, as she said in English.

10 ASP Billy denied that he had made any promises to Azwan. He said that he
was initially the investigating officer in Azwan’s case, but had handed the
case to IO Quah, and thereafter, he concentrated on the other accused persons.
On 22 October 2015, ASP Billy was recording the statement of one Mohammad
Rohaizat, from 5.20pm to 7.25pm and therefore could not have brought Azwan to
see Nurain after the recording of the Second Statement.

11 I accept the evidence of all the witnesses over that of Azwan’s. His was
the only testimony at odds with everyone else’s – including his own ex-
girlfriend Nurain’s. Furthermore, I find it hard to believe that the CNB would
allow two persons arrested at the same time to meet each other when
investigations had only just begun. I therefore admitted the First Statement
and the Second Statement into evidence.

12 The only statement that had exculpatory value so far as the act of
trafficking was concerned, was Azwan’s cautioned statement in which he stated:

Yesterday, I went to Ang Mo Kio not with the intention to traffick. I went
there just to meet with my friend, who was also arrested. Nurain was not aware
that there was a lot of the substance.

There were numerous parts in Azwan’s other statements where he stated that he
had been trafficking in drugs to feed his own addiction.

13 The crucial issue that I am required to determine in this case is whether I
accept that the three packets seized from the biscuit tin were for the
purposes of trafficking, or whether Azwan had sufficiently rebutted the
presumption of trafficking under s17 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008
Rev Ed). If Azwan proved on a balance of probabilities that some of the three
packets of drugs were for his consumption, it is necessary to determine
whether the amount consumed would bring the trafficking charge to one that is
less than 15g of diamorphine.

14 The three packets of drugs were too neatly and uniformly packed for sale
rather than for personal consumption. Azwan having put up his case as
consuming 50% and selling 50% of the drugs, made no effort to explain where
and when he obtained the three packets, and how he was planning to sell half
of the three packets. There were some other drugs seized from him that were
more loosely packed in much smaller amounts and consistent with drugs for
consumption, but those were found in the sling bag and not the biscuit tin. I
do not think his bare assertion that he did not want Nurain to think he was a
trafficker was at all convincing.

15 His defence of partial consumption was not given sufficient detail to have
much in it to persuade me. Not only were details lacking, it was raised too
belatedly to have any persuasive value. By this, I mean that he had not given
good reasons nor explained them well enough for me to accept his raising this
defence late. When we compare what he says about trafficking in his statements
with the details he provided, to his evidence in court in relation to
consumption, we can see the conspicuous lack of details in his defence of
consumption. To illustrate, in the First Statement, Azwan stated:

[7] The 3 packets of panas that was seized from the biscuit tin had belonged
to me and were meant for my drug transaction. When I say drug transaction, I
am referring to selling the panas. I would sell one packet of the panas at
between $1800 to $1900. One packet of the panas would weigh 225 grams. I know
the weight of the 3 packets of the panas as I was the one who had weighed and
packed the panas …

[8] … In average, I would earn about $1000 in profit from selling 1 and a half
batu of panas …

[9] … In a week, I would order up to 4 times of 1 and a half batu of panas. I
would only take about 2 to 3 days to sell off the 1 and a half batu of panas

[Emphasis added].

In the First Statement, Azwan elaborated on his modus operandi. He gave
details in relation to the price at which he would sell each packet of drugs,
how he packed them, the profit that he would earn from selling them, the
frequency that he would order the drugs and his rate of sale. In the Second
Statement, Azwan further elaborated that he would use a “receipt book to keep
track of [his] drug transaction”. Azwan had thus provided great detail
explaining his drug trafficking modus operandi in his statements.

16 On the contrary, Azwan’s evidence in court that half of the three packets
of drugs were for his own consumption, was not convincing. He made belated and
bare assertions that he smoked “about 8 grams a day”, and that he bought a big
amount of diamorphine because he was “a heavy smoker” and it was cheaper to
buy in bulk. Crucially, Azwan failed to explain why his supplier, Bai, would
instruct him to neatly and uniformly pack the diamorphine into three packets,
only for Azwan to then split them into two for his own consumption. Comparing
his statements and his evidence in court does not persuade me that Azwan was
not trafficking in the three packets as charged. There were nothing more that
satisfied me that he had rebutted the presumption of trafficking.

17 I am therefore satisfied that the Prosecution had proved its case beyond a
reasonable doubt against Azwan as charged. I therefore convict him and
sentence him to suffer death.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Ho Yan-Qing Kelly and Esther Tang Jia Le (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
Prosecution.  
Mohamed Muzammil Bin Mohamed (Muzammil & Company) and Luo Ling Ling (RHTLaw
Taylor Wessing LLP) for the Accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

