Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF THREE JUDGES of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 12

Originating Summons No 6 of 2018

Between

| Law Society of Singapore  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Jaya Anil Kumar  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Legal Profession] — [Disciplinary procedures] — [Direct application to Court
of Three Judges] — [Section 94A(1) Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev
Ed)]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Law Society of Singapore

  

v

  

Jaya Anil Kumar

[2019] SGHC 12

Court of Three Judges — Originating Summons No 6 of 2018  
Tay Yong Kwang JA, Belinda Ang Saw Ean J and Quentin Loh J  
22 January 2019

22 January 2019

Tay Yong Kwang JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 Ms Jaya Anil Kumar graduated in 2011 with a degree in Law from the National
University of Singapore (“NUS”). On 18 January 2018, she pleaded guilty to two
charges involving forgery of academic documents (the Official Transcript of
subject grades and the LLB degree certificate) and consented to have three
other such charges and one charge of attempted cheating taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing. The first offence in January 2013
concerned her submission of a forged Official Transcript of subject grades to
the Legal Service Commission (“LSC”). The second offence in October 2016 was
for submitting a forged LLB degree certificate to the LSC. The degree
certificate had been altered by her to show a false class of honours of Second
Class Upper instead of the Second Class Lower which she had obtained. She was
fined $5,000, with three weeks’ imprisonment as a default sentence, for each
charge. She paid the fines.

2 On these facts, the Law Society applied for an order pursuant to s 94A and s
98 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“LPA”) that Ms Jaya
Anil Kumar be dealt with under s 83 of the LPA. Counsel for Ms Jaya Anil Kumar
accepts that due cause is shown on the facts as set out above and seeks only
to address the Court on the appropriate sanction.

3 Her counsel urges this Court to order “a longer suspension” instead of
striking her off as an advocate and solicitor. He accepts that her misconduct
was “grave and indefensible” but submits that she was young and inexperienced
at the time of the offences and that her misconduct committed early in her
legal career did not by itself indicate an irredeemable character defect that
renders her permanently unsuitable for the legal profession.

4 As for youthfulness, we believe that any law student or young law graduate
would know that forgery of documents is dishonesty and is a crime. Ms Jaya
Anil Kumar may have been inexperienced in January 2013 but we are looking at
deliberate criminal acts here, not incompetence or error of judgment. Although
she did not get a job with the Singapore Legal Service, she had gone through
an interview with the LSC with her grades in 21 out of 27 subjects falsified
to show better grades than the actual results.

5 On top of this, more than three years after the first dishonest act, she
repeated and compounded her criminal conduct by submitting the said forged
academic documents in May 2016 to R&T Asia Resources Pte Ltd and then in
October 2016 to the LSC again. These were done with the hope of improving her
chances of obtaining a job with the respective entities.

6 Her conduct shows a consistent trend of resorting to dishonest means to try
to get what she wants as a career. Upon the inconsistency in the documents
being noticed, she was not upfront and tried to avoid detection by not giving
her consent to the LSC to make enquiries with the NUS. Next, she gave the
excuse that she “mis-scanned” and might have mixed up her documents with those
of her friend. Her “voluntary” sending of the genuine academic documents to
the LSC after all these does little to mitigate the persistent criminal
conduct.

7 In our opinion, her conduct falls plainly within the first category of cases
mentioned by an earlier Court in Law Society of Singapore v Chia Choon Yang
[2018] 5 SLR 1068. The Court in that case stated at [39] of the judgment that
misconduct involving dishonesty will almost invariably warrant an order for
striking off where the dishonesty reveals a character defect rendering the
errant solicitor unsuitable for the profession and that this would typically
be the case where the dishonesty is integral to the commission of a criminal
offence of which the solicitor has been convicted. We do not see how being
consumed about wanting a particular career mitigates the offences of forgery
of one’s academic credentials.

8 On the above facts, due cause under s 83 of the LPA has clearly been shown.
We find that there are no exceptional circumstances justifying any sanction
other than the ultimate one of striking off. We therefore think that striking
off is the only appropriate sanction here.

9 We are sad that we have to come to this conclusion but we are constrained by
the facts and the criminal acts which have been acknowledged to be “grave and
indefensible”. However, we are certainly not saying that Ms Jaya Anil Kumar is
irredeemably dishonest. Everyone can repent and change. During the coming
years, she will have to re-order her young life, re-focus on what is truly
important, show the fruits of repentance and make a good case for the Court to
reinstate her as an advocate and solicitor sometime in the future.

10 The Law Society has asked for $6,000 as the costs and disbursements for
this application. Counsel for Ms Jaya Anil Kumar leaves the question of costs
to the Court. As this application is relatively straightforward, without the
need to go through any Disciplinary Tribunal records, we fix costs and
disbursements at $5,000 to be paid by Ms Jaya Anil Kumar to the Law Society.

Tay Yong Kwang Belinda Ang Saw Ean Quentin Loh  
Judge of Appeal Judge Judge

Rajan Menon Smitha (WongPartnership LLP) for the applicant;  
Abraham S Vergis and Loo Yinglin Bestlyn (Providence Law Asia LLC) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

