Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 285

Suit No 316 of 2015

Between

Yew San Construction Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Ley Choon Constructions and Engineering Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Building and Construction Law] — [Subcontracts] — [Claims by subcontractor]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Scope of works]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Liquidated damages]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yew San Construction Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Ley Choon Constructions and Engineering Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 285

High Court — Suit No 316 of 2015  
Quentin Loh J  
12, 20–22, 26–27 September 2017, 7–9, 13, 14 February 2018; 18 April 2018

5 December 2019 Judgment reserved.

Quentin Loh J:

Introduction and the Parties

1 The plaintiff, Yew San Construction Pte Ltd (“Yew San”), is a contractor in
the construction business of civil engineering projects, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 1.

with a particular focus on earthworks. At the material time, Yew San had been
handling earthworks subcontracts for more than ten years. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Tr/21.09.17/11/23–25.

2 The defendant, Ley Choon Constructions and Engineering Pte Ltd (“Ley
Choon”), carries on the business of civil engineering construction and the
manufacture of asphalt and construction materials. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 2; Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No 1) at para 2.

Ley Choon is a specialist pipe work contractor. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Tr/12.09.17/69/1–4; Tr/22.09.17/85/17–19.

3 Ley Choon secured a contract dated 7 January 2010 (“the Main Contract”),
from the Changi Airport Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“CAG”) as the main
contractor for the construction of an aircraft parking apron, associated
taxiways and ancillary works for Seletar Airport; this included earthworks,
drainage, pavement, fencing and other related works. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Koh Soo Ghim’s 1st AEIC dated 3 July 2017 (“KSG-1”) at para 7.

The total contract price of the Main Contract was $31,438,109.00. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1.AB 104.

4 By a subcontract (“the Agreement”), Ley Choon subcontracted various
earthworks to Yew San. While the Agreement is undated, the parties agree that
it was signed sometime around April 2010. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Leo Kim San’s 1st AEIC dated 3 July 2017 (“LKS-1”) at para 2; KSG-1 at para
11.

The Agreement was a lump sum contract for $2,280,000.00, payable in
instalments based on the monthly progress claims made by Yew San to Ley Choon.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Tr/20.09.17/20–21.

5 Disputes have arisen between the parties. It is undisputed that Ley Choon
has paid Yew San $959,000.00 and a balance of $1,321,000.00 remains unpaid. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 17.

Yew San claims the balance sum outstanding under the Agreement. Ley Choon’s
position is that the plaintiff failed to complete the subcontract works, and
counterclaims for costs incurred in completing those works, an indemnity in
respect of liquidated damages for delay imposed by the project employer and
various other sums.

The taxiway construction works

6 While the parties join issue on the scope of their respective works, the
overall sequence of the taxiway construction works is largely undisputed. In
order that the taxiways and parking apron achieve the minimum load-bearing
capacity required to support aircraft operations, the taxiway pavement must be
built on several layers of material compacted to specific densities, described
in terms of a percentage of the material’s “modified AASHTO [American
Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials] density”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ian Andrew Ness’ 1st AEIC dated 13 July 2017 (“IAN-1”) at paras 52–53;
Tr/27.09.17/37; LKS-1 at para 16.

A cross-sectional diagram of the finished rigid aircraft pavement is
reproduced below.

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

7 The bottom most dotted line in the diagram above demarcates what is known as
the “formation level”. Airports must be built on flat and level ground for
reasons of safety and to maximise visibility. Where the existing terrain is
undulating, it is necessary to excavate mounds and fill depressions until the
ground level is flat and the stipulated formation level is achieved. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

IAN-1 at para 43.

The soil at formation level is itself compacted to 90% of modified AASHTO
density.

8 The “sub-grade” is then constructed, in layers, upon the formation level.
The sub-grade consists of four sub-layers, each 250mm thick, for a total
thickness of one metre. The bottom most two sub-layers of sub-grade are
compacted to a minimum of 95% of modified AASHTO density, and the topmost two
sub-layers are compacted to a minimum of 98% of modified AASHTO density. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Tr/09.02.18/68/2–9.

The upper bound of the sub-grade is known as the “sub-grade level”.

9 Above the sub-grade lies the sub-base, which comprises a 300mm layer of
graded granite aggregate base. At the ground level, a 350mm-thick concrete
pavement lies atop the sub-base.

10 The sequence of works relates closely to the various layers described
above. In essence, the works germane to the present dispute can be discussed
in terms of four broad stages:

(a) site preparation works;

(b) the earthworks;

(c) sub-grade construction works; and

(d) the sub-base and pavement works.

11 The earthworks were undertaken in respect of the entire project site, but
the sub-grade and pavement works were only necessary where aprons or taxiways
were to be constructed. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Tr/13.02.18/116/17–21.

Other areas were finished with a layer of turf at the formation level.

12 Before any earthworks can commence, the site must first be cleared of
obstacles, such as any undergrowth, shrubs or trees. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Tr/12.09.17/64–65.

13 After the site is cleared, as a preliminary step, the topsoil is separated
and stockpiled for later use in the turfing works. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

IAN-1 at paras 84–85.

This is because topsoil is generally unsuitable for fill works, and usually
needed for subsequent re-turfing on the final ground level where grass or
landscaping is required. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

IAN-1 at paras 61, 85.

14 After the topsoil is separated, the earthworks can begin. In gist, the
“earthworks” refer to the works required to get from the existing ground level
to the formation level. There are two types of earthworks: “cut” works and
“fill” works. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Tr/09.02.18/66/23–24.

15 The cut works occur where the existing ground level lies above formation
level, the excess earth must be excavated or “cut” until formation level is
reached. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

IAN-1 at paras 86–88.

Soil testing may then be done to determine if the excavated soil is suitable
for use in the construction of the sub-grade (ie, capable of being compacted
to a sufficiently high density). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

IAN-1 at paras 53, 89.

If the material is suitable, it is either transported directly to a fill
location for dumping or stockpiled for later use. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

IAN-1 at para 102.

The parties refer to such material variously as “good soil”, “OA soil” and
“CAG-approved earth”; for ease of reference I shall refer to such material as
“suitable material”. Conversely, if the material is found to be unsuitable for
use, eg, because it cannot be compacted to the requisite densities, it would
have to be transported off-site for disposal. I refer to such material as
“unsuitable material”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

IAN-1 at paras 53–54, 102.

16 The fill works occur where the existing ground level lies below formation
level; in such situations, the depression or gully must be filled up to
formation level. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

IAN-1 at para 100.

The soil is then compacted at formation level. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

IAN-1 at para 104.

If the soil is unsuitable for compaction, a soil exchange might be undertaken
by the removal of about half to one metre of the soil below formation level
and its replacement with graded stones. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Tr/14.02.18/90–92.

17 The sub-grade is then progressively constructed in layers of 250mm starting
at the formation level. For each layer, suitable material is first tipped into
a demarcated plot with dimensions of roughly 40m by 10m (“Blocks”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Tr/14.02.18/59/4–7.

Next, the tipped material is spread, levelled and compacted (which I refer to
collectively as “the compaction works”). The compaction process requires
specialist plant and manpower, and involves spreading the fill evenly in the
fill location with a bulldozer, levelling the spread material using a grader,
and then compacting the material to the requisite density with various rollers
of different sizes. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

IAN-1 at para 91; KSG-1 at paras 36–39; LKS-1 at para 16.

18 Once each layer is complete, CAG’s resident engineer would be called to
approve the compaction works and certify that it meets the required density
before work on the next layer can begin. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

LKS-1 at paras 25–31.

There was no stipulated period of notice for inspection. Rather, inspections
were arranged informally, and by all accounts, most inspections were completed
fairly quickly – typically within the same day 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Tr/14.02.18/57–59.

and some as quickly as within half an hour. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See 31.AB.20984, Tr/14.02.18/58-59

In any event, the plant and manpower could be moved to work on the next Block,
such that the construction and inspection processes could proceed
simultaneously on a rolling basis. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Tr/13.02.18/66–67; Tr/14.02.18/54/3–20.

19 Only certain types of earth are suitable for use in the construction of the
sub-grade, as the material needs to be capable of achieving relatively high
compaction densities. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

IAN-1 at paras 52–53.

As mentioned above, soil tests would have to be done to determine if the
material excavated from the cut areas was suitable for the construction of the
sub-grade. In the event of a shortage of suitable material from sources within
the site, suitable material would have to be imported from external sources.

20 After the sub-grade is completed, Ley Choon then lays the sub-base, base
and premix pavement to reach the final finished level of the work; viz, the
finished surface of the aprons or taxiways. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

IAN-1 at para 98.

These were not part of Yew San’s work under the Agreement.

21 The project site was divided into six phases. Phases 1A, 1B, 2A and 3
involved mostly cut works, whereas Phase 4 involved fill works. Yew San did
not have any work in Phase 2B.

The background to the dispute

22 Work started shortly after the parties entered into the Agreement, around
April 2010.

23 In the course of the works, it became apparent that most of the excavated
material from the on-site cut areas was unsuitable material and had to be
disposed of. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

LKS-1 at paras 18, 60–70; KSG-1 at para 34.

According to Ley Choon, the rate at which the unsuitable material was being
transported off-site for disposal did not keep pace with the rate of
excavation, and stockpiles of unsuitable material quickly grew at the project
site.

24 Sometime on or about 22 October 2010, CAG wrote to Ley Choon regarding the
slow progress of the removal of unsuitable material at Phase 1B. Several site
inspections had been conducted, and CAG opined that the reason for the delay
was a “lack of resources”, though it also noted “a lack of experienced site
supervisors who can plan and execute the site works effectively”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

KSG-1 at para 71; 9.AB 5269.

25 On 24 November 2010, Ley Choon expressed its disappointment at Yew San’s
slow progress in removing unsuitable material from the excavation sites at
Phases 1B and 2A and directed Yew San to remove the unsuitable material as
soon as possible. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

KSG-1 at para 72; LKS-1 at paras 47–49; 9.AB 5272.

On 11 December 2010, Ley Choon wrote to Yew San again, this time putting Yew
San on notice that it would mobilise resources to accelerate the progress of
Yew San’s earthworks and deduct any expenses incurred from the contract price
if Yew San failed to improve the pace of earth removal: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

KSG-1 at para 74; LKS-1 at paras 51–52; 9.AB 5284.

… We have highlighted on numerous occasions to [Yew San] that Phase 1B works,
which was due for completion on the 14th November 2010, has been seriously
delayed as the present earth profile is still 5 to 6 metres above the proposed
level of compacted sub-grade…

[Yew San] has been repeatedly requested to remove the excess earth from site,
mainly at phase 1B and abutting phase 3 areas, to facilitate the work
progression within phase 1B. However, to our great disappointment, little
action has taken place on site.

…

In view of the indifferent mentality of [Yew San] and the already delayed
works in Phase 1B, [Ley Choon] will be mobilizing Machineries and Lorries to
aid in the excess earth removal from site starting on 14th December 2010, if
[Yew San] show no significant improvement in the excess earth removal from
site. Any expenses incurred will be deducted from the Sub Contract Sum Amount.

[emphasis added]

26 Sometime around May 2011, work had commenced on Phase 3, but the same
problems in relation to the disposal of unsuitable material persisted. CAG
began monitoring Yew San’s truck movements, and, on 23 May 2011, informed Ley
Choon that the number of truck movements had decreased significantly despite
the mounting delays: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

KSG-1 at para 78; 9.AB 5290.

Below is the daily truck movements by your sub-con Yew San at Ph3 site for the
past 2 weeks. … Yew San’s truck movements fluctuates daily, and has reduced
significantly for the past few days. Please explain to us the reason and how
are you going to catch up on your progress. … [emphasis added]

27 About a week later, on 1 June 2011, CAG wrote to inform Ley Choon that the
situation had not improved: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

KSG-1 at para 79; 9.AB 5292.

Please see below for the trips made by Yew San for Ph3’s earth removal for the
past week. Not only is there no improvement in the earth removal quantity by
your sub-con from last week, there is a decrease in trips for the past few
days. … [emphasis added]

28 On 1 August 2011, Ley Choon began to mobilise its own resources to
transport some of the unsuitable material off-site for disposal. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

KSG-1 at para 80.

29 On 12 September 2011, a site meeting was convened between representatives
from Ley Choon and Yew San to assess the progress of the works at Phases 3 and
4, the minutes of which were attached in an email from Ley Choon to Yew San
dated 16 September 2011. Those minutes recorded that as of 7 September 2011,
the outstanding quantity of earth to be cut at Phase 3 was 96,847m3, and the
outstanding quantity of earth to be filled at Phase 4 was 12,000m3 (which Yew
San claimed was an underestimate). The parties resolved to work together to
hasten progress on the earthworks. In addition, Ley Choon recorded the
following in the minutes: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

KSG-1 at paras 82–84; LKS-1 at para 58; 9.AB 5298.

Should [Yew San] fail to comply, similar to the situation in Phase 1B where
[Yew San] left the area without excavating to the formation level… [Ley Choon]
will step in and engage another party for earth removal, being omission in the
original sub-contract. [emphasis added]

30 On 28 September 2011, Yew San responded to Ley Choon’s comment in the
minutes of the 12 September 2011 meeting. In its response, Yew San did not
deny that it had left Phase 1B without excavating to the formation level, but
explained that “the work done was as per instruction given by the site manager
and [Yew San] is to await for further levelling instruction”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

LKS-1 at para 59; 9.AB 5301.

31 There is some uncertainty as to when Yew San ceased work and left the site.
Mr Leo Kim San (“Mr Leo”), general manager of Yew San and its sole factual
witness, stated that the last truckload of earth was excavated and removed on
18 February 2012. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

LKS-1 at para 44.

However, under cross-examination, he clarified that Yew San only left the site
sometime in the beginning of April 2012. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Tr/20.09.17/91/20–21; 93/6–7.

He explained that while the last truckload of earth was excavated and removed
on 18 February 2012, there remained other works such as tipping suitable
material into specified fill locations for Ley Choon to compact. The last
piece of work that Yew San completed at the site was the transfer of earth
from Phase 3 to Phase 4 for the fill operations. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Tr/20.09.17/92/19–25; 93/13–18.

After this was done sometime in April 2012, Ley Choon’s project manager, Mr
Yap Kar Way (“Mr Yap”), allowed Yew San to leave. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Tr/20.09.17/93/8–12.

32 On 3 September 2012, Yew San issued Progress Claim No 9 to Ley Choon,
termed “final”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

KSG-1 at para 127.

Subsequently, Yew San issued three more progress claims, similarly expressed
to be “final”, the last of which was dated 30 October 2014 (Progress Claim No
12). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

KSG-1 at para 127; 1.PB at p 23–35.

Ley Choon responded with a payment response dated 13 November 2014. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

KSG-1 at para 127; 8.AB 4669.

The parties’ cases

The statement of claim

33 Yew San’s case is straightforward. It describes the work it had to do,
avers that compaction of the sub-grade layers was not part of its work, Ley
Choon caused delays to Yew San’s work by delays in their compaction of the
sub-grade layers and having completed the subcontract works, it is entitled to
the balance contract price of $1,321,000.00 outstanding under the Agreement,
plus $92,470.00 being 7% goods and services tax (“GST”) thereon. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 17.

34 While Yew San had, in its Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“Statement
of Claim”), initially claimed the sum of $35,759.40 being amounts outstanding
for certain transportation services allegedly rendered by Yew San pursuant to
a collateral oral agreement, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at paras 18–21.

it has since dropped this claim in its closing submissions. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at paras 3 and 219.

The defence and counterclaim

35 Ley Choon avers that Yew San did not complete the subcontract works. Ley
Choon avers that Yew San’s work included:

(a) the compaction of the sub-grade layers;

(b) the stockpiling and protection of suitable material from the cut areas for
subsequent use in the fill areas;

(c) if there was insufficient area to stockpile the suitable material, Yew San
had to store the same at its own storage space away from the site; and

(d) the removal of unsuitable material from the site and disposal.

Ley Choon’s case is that it has paid for all the work that Yew San had carried
out. In its Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) (“Defence and
Counterclaim”), Ley Choon initially appeared to take the position that Yew San
was not entitled to the balance contract price at all. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 16.

Subsequently, Ley Choon clarified that it accepts that Yew San is entitled to
the balance contract price, subject to deductions reflecting the value of the
works left incomplete 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 744; Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No 1) at para 17.

by way of set-off or counterclaim for the costs and expenses incurred by Ley
Choon in completing the subcontract work left unfinished.

36 In particular, the following costs and expenses were incurred by Ley Choon
in completing Yew San’s unfinished works:

(a) costs and expense incurred by Ley Choon in (i) transporting unsuitable
material from the project site to off-site locations for disposal; (ii) the
use of excavators and manpower for that same task; and (iii) the use of
lorries for internal transfers of excavated material within the site as a
result of Yew San failing or neglecting to complete the excavation and fill
works in Phases 1B, 3 and 4; 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at paras 17, 37; read with Further
and Better Particulars of the Defence and Counterclaim at para 3.

(b) costs and expense incurred by Ley Choon in obtaining and transporting
suitable material from external sources off-site to the project site; 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

KSG-1 at para 93; Defendant’s Reply Submissions (“DRS”) at para 175.

and

(c) costs and expense incurred by Ley Choon in providing the required plant
and machinery for the compaction works. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DCS at para 722; Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at paras 19, 44.

37 Ley Choon further avers that as a result of Yew San’s failure or neglect to
carry out the subcontract works within the stipulated time, the overall
project works were completed late, and that CAG then became entitled to and
did impose liquidated damages on Ley Choon, which liquidated damages were
attributable to the acts, omissions or breaches (including negligence) of Yew
San. Accordingly, Ley Choon counterclaims for:

(a) an indemnity in respect of liquidated damages imposed on Ley Choon by CAG
which were attributable to the acts, omissions or breaches of Yew San; 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at paras 22, 41.

and

(b) time-related loss and expense, consequential on the delays caused by Yew
San. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 42.

38 Apart from the counterclaims in relation to Yew San’s unfinished works and
the alleged delay, Ley Choon counterclaims for:

(a) the cost of repairing a 6.6kV HT cable (“the HT Cable”) damaged by Yew
San; 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at paras 23, 43.

and

(b) the cost of purchasing and importing topsoil from external sources for
turfing works due to Yew San’s failure to stockpile sufficient topsoil
excavated from the project site. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at paras 24, 45.

The reply and defence to counterclaim

39 Yew San’s defence to Ley Choon’s counterclaims in respect of the incomplete
works comes in two prongs: first, Yew San avers that the supply of sub-grade
material and the compaction works were not part of its scope of works, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at paras 3, 7, 11–12.

and second, in relation to the cut and fill earthworks which were part of its
scope of works, Yew San denies that it had failed or neglected to complete
those works. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at paras 6–8, 11.

40 In relation to the counterclaims in respect of the alleged delays caused by
Yew San, Yew San denies that it was in delay for the works in Phases 3 and 4,
and further avers, in the alternative, that any such delay was caused by Ley
Choon. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at paras 13–14.

41 Yew San further denies that it is liable to Ley Choon for the costs of
repairing the HT cable and/or the importation of topsoil for the turfing
works. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 13.

Summary of the claim and counterclaims

42 Yew San’s sole remaining claim is for the balance of the contract price,
being $1,321,000.00 and $92,470.00 as 7% GST (“the Contract Price Claim”),
plus interest and legal costs. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 17.

43 Ley Choon’s counterclaims are as follows:

(a) counterclaim for the costs and expense incurred in carrying out Yew San’s
compaction works that were not done by Yew San, amounting to $412,282.22 (“the
Incomplete Compaction Works Counterclaim”); 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCS at para 722; Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at paras 19, 44.

(b) counterclaim for the costs and expense incurred in carrying out Yew San’s
excavation, disposal and fill works that were left incomplete, amounting to
$451,329.58 (“the Incomplete Earthworks Counterclaim”); 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCS at para 716; Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at paras 17, 37.

(c) counterclaim for the cost of supplying suitable material for sub-grade
fill works, amounting to at least $258,075.12 (“the Sub-grade Material
Counterclaim”); 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DCS at para 721.

(d) counterclaim for an indemnity in respect of liquidated damages imposed on
Ley Choon by CAG which were attributable to the acts, omissions or breaches of
Yew San. The exact quantum depends on the number of days for which liquidated
damages were imposed found attributable to delays caused by Yew San (“the
Indemnity Counterclaim”); 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DCS at para 666; Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at paras 22, 41.

(e) counterclaim for time-related loss and expense consequential on the delays
caused by Yew San. Again, the exact quantum depends on the number of days of
delay (“the Prolongation Costs Counterclaim”); 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DCS at para 738; Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 42.

(f) counterclaim for the cost of repairs to the HT Cable damaged by Yew San.
Ley Choon claims only nominal damages as they are unable to adduce evidence of
the costs of repair (“the HT Cable Counterclaim”); 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DCS at para 733; Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at paras 23, 43.

(g) counterclaim for the cost of acquiring topsoil which was supposed to have
been stockpiled by Yew San for turfing works. Ley Choon claims only nominal
damages (“the Topsoil Counterclaim”); 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DRS at para 26; Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at paras 24, 45.

and

(h) interest and legal costs.

My decision

The Contract Price Claim

44 Yew San claims the balance of the contract “lump sum” price outstanding
from Ley Choon, viz, the sum of $1,321,000.00 and $92,470.00 as 7% GST, on the
basis that it had completed the works. As noted above, Ley Choon’s initial
defence was that Yew San was not entitled to the balance because it had not
completed its work under the Agreement. In other words, Ley Choon was raising
a defence based on a “true” lump sum contract, in the sense of an “entire”
contract where the contractor’s right to payment depends on his completion of
the whole works: see Stephen Furst QC and Sir Vivian Ramsey, Keating on
Construction Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2016) (“Keating”) at para
4-004.

45 As the learned authors in Keating point out, these types of entire
contracts can give rise to intractable problems (see Keating at para 4-003).
For example, where a contract provides for works based on 40 items set out in
the contract specifications and only ten items have been completed, can the
employer refuse to make payment? What if only 20 of the 40 items were
completed? What if all but two items were completed?

46 Whether a lump sum contract is an “entire” contract will be a matter of
construction of all the contractual documents, terms and conditions. It also
depends on the facts and circumstances of the case in question. In today’s
context, true lump sum contracts, in the sense of entire contracts where there
is no obligation to make any payment unless and until every single one of the
obligations undertaken has been completed, are relatively uncommon, see
Keating at para 4-005. In most cases there will be an obligation to make
periodic payments.

47 In the present case, the Agreement is not a lump sum contract in the nature
of an “entire” contract. There is little indicia pointing to an entire
contract. The Agreement is a subcontract of part of the works within a larger
main contract with a much larger scope of works. It involves subcontracted
works which interfaces with the Main Contract. On the other hand, there is a
right to monthly progress payments based on that part of the work “[s]cope”
satisfactorily done in the preceding month, with quantities of earthworks (cut
and fill) to be mutually agreed and subject to certified valuation by CAG or
its consultants: see cl 2.2. There is a similar right to progress payments
upstream. This is an indicator that the Agreement is not an “entire” lump sum
contract: see Keating at para 4-007. Hence, to the extent that Ley Choon
refuses to pay Yew San any sum on the basis that the Agreement is an entire
contract, that position is untenable and must be rejected.

48 By the time it came to its written submissions, Ley Choon accepted that Yew
San is entitled to the balance sum, albeit a reduced sum reflecting the value
of the work left incomplete, calculated by reference to the amounts expended
by Ley Choon in completing Yew San’s outstanding works (see [36] above). 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DCS at paras 743–744; DRS at para 521(1); IAN-1 at paras 215, 217.

This concession was, in my view, rightly made.

49 However, in a summary of its request for findings, Ley Choon lists the
costs incurred in completing the unfinished works both as an amount to be set
off against Yew San’s Contract Price Claim and as a standalone counterclaim.
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DRS at paras 521(1), 521(8).

In principle, in a contract of this nature, Ley Choon can claim an abatement
of the contract price payable to Yew San for that portion of its work that was
left undone and if the facts warrant it, damages for the increased costs
(above the contracted rates and prices) to complete the incomplete work. Ley
Choon has to show what work was completed and what work was not completed and
based on the contract sum and the envisaged volumes of cut and fill earth, or
some other measure upon which the parties reached the lump sum of
$2,280,000.00, reduce the price to be paid accordingly (eg, there is some
evidence in a Yew San quotation dated 26 January 2010 that Ley Choon gave the
quantities for cut and backfill at 175,803 m3 and cut and disposal at 328,075
m3). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

LKS-1 at para 20, “Exhibit B”.

If, (I stress) for example, Ley Choon can prove that Yew San only completed
50% of its work at the time it left the site, then putting all other matters
to one side for the purposes of illustration, Ley Choon has to pay Yew San
half of the contract lump sum ($2,280,000.00), ie, $1,140,000.00 as Yew San
has completed that amount of work and is entitled to payment under cl 2. If
Ley Choon has only paid the sum of $959,000.00, then an amount of $181,000.00
for work done remains outstanding to Yew San, subject of course to any cross-
claims or set-offs. If Ley Choon can prove that it paid third parties
$1,500,000.00 to complete the works left incomplete by Yew San, then Ley Choon
would have a counterclaim of $360,000.00 to complete the unfinished works
under the Agreement. If market conditions were such that the cost to Ley Choon
to complete the works was less than $1,140,000.00, then it has suffered no
loss in that respect and still has to pay the balance of $181,000.00 to Yew
San (subject to any other cross claims of set-offs).

50 Instead, Ley Choon now accepts that Yew San is entitled to the balance of
the lump sum but subject to Ley Choon’s entitlement to set-off and
counterclaim those sums it incurred in completing the incomplete works as well
as other damages that flow from Yew San’s breaches of the Agreement. Although
it does not matter, I assume Ley Choon adopted this stand as there is no
direct or reliable evidence (eg, measurement) of the works completed by Yew
San and what remained outstanding at the time Yew San left the site. Yew San
and Ley Choon have not put forward any unit rates upon which the work that
allegedly remained uncompleted (assuming it was available) could be quantified
under the Agreement and comparable unit rates to calculate the costs incurred
by Ley Choon to complete those uncompleted works. Ley Choon therefore adopts
the pragmatic approach of crediting Yew San with the full balance and
counterclaims that it incurred in completing the works. I therefore start the
accounting aspect, as accepted by Ley Choon, of a sum of $1,413,470.00 in Yew
San’s favour.

51 I turn now to Ley Choon’s counterclaims.

The Incomplete Compaction Works Counterclaim

52 Ley Choon counterclaims for the costs and expenses incurred in undertaking
the compaction works, which it says was Yew San’s responsibility. Yew San
admits that it never carried out any of the compaction works, but argues that
this was not part of its work under the Agreement.

53 Yew San submits that Ley Choon had admitted (at para 9(d) of its Defence
and Counterclaim) that the compaction works were Ley Choon’s work. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PCS at para 34; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”) at para 19.

However, para 9(d) only states that Ley Choon did in fact perform the
compaction works; it contains no admission by Ley Choon of its obligation to
perform those works. Moreover, Yew San’s conduct of the proceedings gives no
suggestion that it had, at any time, been led to believe otherwise; the
compaction issue was described by Yew San as “[t]he central dispute” in its
Lead Counsel’s Statement, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Plaintiff’s Lead Counsel Statement at para 10.

and Ley Choon’s witnesses were extensively cross-examined on the matter. I
therefore find that there is no substance to this submission by Yew San.

54 Yew San’s case on the compaction issue has two prongs:

(a) On a proper construction of the Agreement, the compaction works (ie, the
task of spreading, levelling and compaction) were not part of Yew San’s scope
of works and services under Appendix A of the Agreement; and

(b) Even if Yew San was contractually obliged to perform the compaction works
under the Agreement, Ley Choon is nonetheless estopped from insisting that Yew
San do so.

Interpretation of the Agreement

55 I find that on a proper construction of the Agreement the compaction works
do not fall within the scope of Yew San’s works and services. My reasons are
as follows.

56 It is common ground that the Agreement is contained in a 28-page document.
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

1.AB 1–28

There is an entire agreement clause. It is important to note that parts of the
Agreement were specially drafted and parts (eg, Appendices D1 to D4 and
drawings) were lifted from the Main Contract. In this case, those specially
drafted portions are therefore of greater significance and weight than those
taken from the Main Contract. Further, having heard the evidence of the
witnesses, these parties are, with respect, not the most sophisticated
contractors in the industry and the language used in the Agreement bears this
out.

57 The scope of Yew San’s works and services under the Agreement is first
referred to in the second recital:

[Ley Choon] has accepted the engagement of [Yew San] to perform the works and
services based on the scope of works and services defined in Appendix A of
this Agreement and specifications of the Main Contract (hereafter referred to
as “Scope”) in accordance with obligations of [Ley Choon] under the Main
Contract. [emphasis in italics, emphasis in bold in original]

In Appendix A of the Agreement, cll (iv) and (v) are of particular relevance
to the compaction issue:

Appendix A

Scope of Works and Services

…

(iv) For Cut Area, supply, deliver and fill CAG-approved earth/soil from [Yew
San’s] own sources or earth/soil excavated within the site, in layers of 250mm
each and up to total thickness of 1 metre (Appendix H), for the construction
of subgrade.

…

(v) For Fill Area, supply, deliver and fill CAG-approved earth/soil from [Yew
San’s] own sources or earth/soil excavated from within the site, in layers of
250mm each, up to the specified subgrade level (Appendix G).

…

[emphasis added]

The central issue is the proper interpretation of the phrase “supply, deliver
and fill”. Yew San’s position is that “fill” entails only the task of dumping
or tipping the suitable material into the area to be filled, whereas Ley Choon
contends that the obligation to “fill” must necessarily include spreading,
levelling and compaction of the suitable material after it is dumped.

(1) The plain text of Appendix A

58 It is obvious from the plain text of the Agreement that the work is
described as “supply, deliver and fill” and the word “compact” or “compaction”
is not there. In the context of earthworks, the type of works comprised in
compaction, as compared to “fill”, are completely different in nature and
extent. Fill works can be carried out with dumper trucks bringing suitable
fill material to site and dumping them in stockpiles. Compaction works are on
a markedly higher order of complexity, and require specialised equipment,
machines and labour such as bulldozers, graders, vibrators and rollers of
various sizes. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PCS at paras 39, 46–52.

In this project, the construction of the sub-grade had to be carried out in
layers of 250mm, viz, a compacted layer with a specified percentage of density
to AASHTO standards had to be constructed before the next layer could be laid.
Had the parties intended for Yew San to undertake compaction works, one would
have expected that the parties would have inserted a clear, express word or
provision to that effect. Further, leaving out “compaction” to a particular
standard, like AASHTO, makes no sense in the context of a contract for
earthworks within an airport where the critical works envisaged included
aircraft parking aprons and taxiways. Both these items were clearly not
written into the scope of works for Yew San in Appendix A. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PCS at para 53.

This omission becomes more stark, as will be seen later, when one looks at the
Main Contract specifications which call for “compaction” and to a particular
standard as well.

59 Ley Choon raises three points in reply. First, it argues that the words
“supply” and “deliver” would have been sufficient if all that Yew San had to
do was to dump the suitable material, and that the additional reference to the
obligation to “fill” must therefore mean more than simply to dump the
material. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCS at para 135.

The sufficiency of two words instead of three being used is not at all a
convincing reason to construe the three words to necessarily include a fourth,
“compaction”, a fortiori where “fill” and “compaction” refer, in the context
of this contract, to very different construction obligations. In my view, the
reference to an obligation to “fill” specifies that Yew San’s obligations did
not end upon delivery of the suitable material to stockpiles at the project
site. Rather, Yew San was also to dump the suitable material into specific
fill locations as required. The areas to which these works were to be carried
out were very large; it is within a sizeable airport and this is clearly shown
in the photographs. As noted above, the evidence was that these layers were
constructed in rectangular Blocks of some 40m by 10m at a time. Yew San
therefore had to create smaller stockpiles for each block, whereupon the
bulldozers would get to work levelling the fill into a suitably thick layer
and then for the rollers to then carry out the compaction.

60 Secondly, Ley Choon says that the requirement to fill “in layers of 250mm”
would be impossible to meet unless Yew San also spread, levelled and compacted
the suitable material. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DCS at paras 132–133.

In my view, the reference to “layers of 250mm” serves only to specify that Yew
San was to dump the suitable material in separate areas corresponding to each
250mm layer. Specifying that the fill was to be done in layers of 250mm
cannot, by itself, create an obligation to also spread, level and compact the
suitable material. As set out in the foregoing paragraph, the construction
sequence was not just dumping the soil in stockpiles and Yew San’s job was
done. The contract called for Yew San to carry out shifting and movement of
stockpiles and then to create smaller stockpiles of earth to enable each layer
to be constructed in sequential rectangular blocks of a smaller size. I accept
Yew San’s submission that until Ley Choon completed their compaction of a
layer, Yew San could not proceed to dump suitable fill for construction of the
next layer. However, whether they have made good their allegation that Ley
Choon delayed in the compaction work is another matter.

61 Lastly, Ley Choon argues that the word “fill” is a term of art in the
construction industry. Ley Choon refers to the evidence of its earthworks
expert, Mr Ian Ness (“Mr Ness”), that a requirement to “fill” would encompass
compaction. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DCS at para 159; IAN-1 at paras 122, 125.

I make three points on his opinion:

(a) Mr Ness’ opinion was based on his general observations of such contracts
in his experience, but was otherwise unsubstantiated. While I found Mr Ness’
testimony in the course of the trial to be generally reliable and helpful, his
opinion on this issue, unfortunately, did not go beyond a bare assertion that
it was “obvious” to him that compaction formed part of the fill works, and of
his unsubstantiated belief that “any reasonably experienced earthworks
contractor would conclude the same”. In any case, with respect, each contract
must first turn upon its terms and where appropriate, its context. In my view,
for the reasons I have set out in this judgment, this contract did not provide
for Yew San to do the compaction works.

(b) In coming to his view, Mr Ness also relied on the arguments canvassed at
[59] and [60] above, which I have already dealt with.

(c) In any case, I note (and Ley Choon quite rightly accepts) that the
interpretation of the terms of the Agreement is ultimately a question of law
for the Court’s determination. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DCS at para 159.

(2) The Main Contract Specifications

62 In support of its contended construction, Ley Choon further refers to cll
6.1.1 and 6.4.2 of the enclosed Specifications in the Main Contract between
CAG and Ley Choon (“the Specifications”), which Ley Choon submits is part of
the Agreement and contains works that Yew San had to carry out. As noted
above, these provisions are lifted from the Main Contract specifications of
Ley Choon’s work vis-à-vis CAG: 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCS at para 139.

6.1 GENERAL

6.1.1 Scope

Include excavation, disposal of unwanted material off site to Contractor own
dumping ground, transportation of earth material from approved source,
filling, compaction in layers, forming, grading and trimming all slopes and
embankments to formation level including filling and reinstating depression
after site clearance, all as shown in the Drawings or as specified herein.

…

6.4 FILLING WORKS

6.4.1 For Completed Structures

All back-filling of trenches, pits, depressions, structural foundations etc.
shall be carried out in layers not exceeding 225 mm in thickness and the
filling shall be of material approved by the S.O. or of material specified in
the Drawings or Specifications.

…

6.4.2 For Pavement

Filling for building-up of foundation for pavement shall be carried out in
layers not exceeding 250 mm in thickness and the fill shall be compacted by
vibratory rollers or other approved compacting plant to achieve a compaction
requirements specified for the subgrade preparation works.

…

[emphasis added]

63 Clause (xi) of Appendix A makes the Specifications applicable to Yew San’s
work under the Agreement. It reads: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DRS at paras 31, 100.

Notwithstanding of the above, [Yew San] shall undertake to comply fully with
all relevant Specifications, Particular Requirements, the Drawings, Standard
and Particulars Conditions and the Appendix of the main Contract. A copy of
each of the above is available for [Yew San’s] inspection… [emphasis added]

According to Ley Choon, the compaction works are Yew San’s work, because cl
(xi) of Appendix A requires Yew San to comply with cll 6.1.1 and 6.4.2, both
of which expressly provide for the requirement of compaction of the fill
material.

64 In my view, the references to the compaction works in cll 6.1.1, 6.4.1 and
6.4.2 of the Specifications do not assist Ley Choon. In fact they work against
Ley Choon’s interpretation. As noted above, the words used in cll (iv) and (v)
in Appendix A are simply “to supply, deliver and fill … in layers of 250mm
each” without the word “compaction”. As emphasised in italics in the
Specifications set out above, at cl 6.1.1, after the word “filling” there is
an additional phrase “compaction in layers” and in cl 6.4.2 it is specifically
provided that “the fill shall be compacted by vibratory rollers or other
approved compacting plant to achieve a compaction requirements specified”. If
indeed Ley Choon, which drafted the contract, wanted to include compaction in
the Agreement, it would have been quite a simple matter to mirror these
requirements by including these words and similar phrases in Appendix A.
Instead, they were not included, or more correctly in my view, omitted in not
one but two clauses in Appendix A. Further, for filling works, cl 6.4 refers
to compaction to specified AASHTO standards as part of the contracted work as
far as Ley Choon and CAG are concerned. That specified standard for compaction
is not set out in Appendix A. If compaction was indeed meant to be part of Yew
San’s work, then Ley Choon has not explained why compaction to percentages of
this specified standard are not also in Appendix A. Compliance with these
specified standards of compaction are strict and cl 6.4.4 of the
Specifications provides for field density tests, in accordance with BS 1377,
for each layer of the compacted fill in the presence of CAG’s Superintending
Officer’s representative. The fact that these appendices, and the drawings,
are also included as part of the Agreement does not automatically mean that
whatever are in the appendices or drawings from the Main Contract are also
part of Yew San’s work under the Agreement.

65 The Specifications and drawings are part of the Main Contract between CAG
and Ley Choon. The Specifications (as part of an agreement between CAG as
employer and Ley Choon as contractor) were concerned only with what was to be
done, not who, as between Ley Choon and Yew San, was to do it. For that
reason, there are limitations to their relevance to the interpretation of
Appendix A of the Agreement, which governs the allocation of work between Ley
Choon as main contractor and Yew San as subcontractor. Clause (xi) of Appendix
A only means that Yew San must perform its works to the specifications set out
in the enclosed Specifications, where that work is within its scope work. It
cannot be read to mean that Yew San is responsible for all the works described
in the Specifications. This is made clear by the reference in cl (xi) of
Appendix A to the “relevant Specifications” [emphasis added]; Yew San need
only comply with the Specifications which were relevant to its scope of work
under the Agreement, not the Specifications in their entirety. It will be
readily seen that some of the works listed in the enclosed Specifications
clearly fall outside Yew San’s scope of works or are otherwise inapplicable to
the Agreement (eg, shoring works with timber or sheet piles, services of a
Professional Engineer for excavations beyond 4m depths, the time periods in cl
5, the construction of new security fences to separate airside operational
areas from the construction site, the construction of concrete lined perimeter
drains, construction of silt fences and traps, the sub-base works, aircraft
tie down hooks and the obligations in sections 6.4.3.3 and 6.4.3.4 to test the
fill material for suitability). 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Tr/27.09.17/58/15–16.

66 The express references to the compaction works in the Specifications
therefore do not assist Ley Choon’s case and do not make compaction works part
of Yew San’s works under the Agreement. I therefore find that the compaction
works did not form part of Yew San’s scope of works.

(3) The parties’ subsequent conduct

67 I turn now to an argument raised by Yew San in support of its construction:
that the parties’ subsequent conduct throughout the duration of the works
confirms that compaction was not intended as part of Yew San’s scope of works.

68 Yew San submits that throughout the almost two-year duration of the works,
the parties conducted themselves on the basis that Yew San need not undertake
any compaction works. It is undisputed that Yew San never did any spreading,
levelling or compaction works; in fact, at no point did Yew San ever bring the
specialised manpower and machinery needed to undertake such works to the
project site. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

KSG-1 at paras 40–42

If the compaction works were Yew San’s obligation, one would have expected Ley
Choon to have remonstrated with Yew San at the earliest opportunity or at
least at some time during the course of Yew San’s work. Yet, nothing in the
record indicates that Ley Choon had made any complaint to Yew San on this
score. On the evidence before me, it is clear that for the entire duration of
the project, Ley Choon supplied the requisite machinery and manpower and
undertook the compaction works – without protest. Mr Koh Soo Ghim (“Mr Koh”),
Ley Choon’s project manager for the Seletar Airport Project, admitted under
cross-examination that Ley Choon never asked Yew San to carry out the
compaction works, much less issue a written complaint regarding the compaction
works: 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Tr/26.09.17/63–64.

Q: When you joined the project in October 2010, would you agree with me that
Ley Choon never asked Yew San to carry out compaction works in this project?

A: I wasn’t liaising with Yew San but, to my knowledge, I don’t think we got
ask Yew San to carry out compaction.

Q: Would you agree with me that throughout the project, Ley Choon never
specifically demanded in writing that Yew San carry out compaction works?

A: Yes.

69 Ley Choon’s only response in relation to this important exchange was that
it does not foreclose the possibility that there might have been oral
complaints. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

DRS at paras 124–125.

With respect, I found that submission to be purely speculative. If there had
indeed been any oral complaints made, Ley Choon could easily have called a
witness to depose to that fact. Quite tellingly, no such evidence was placed
before me. In any event, the compaction works comprised a substantial portion
of the works, and it certainly would not have been unreasonable to expect that
Ley Choon would have lodged repeated written complaints with Yew San (as was
in fact done in relation to Yew San’s failure to remove and dispose of
unsuitable material) if indeed the parties had intended that Yew San undertake
the compaction works.

70 I note that subsequent conduct is not an orthodox tool in the
interpretation of contracts, see Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold
Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [132(d)] and
Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another appeal
[2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp Marine”) at [36]. I accept that courts ought to
exercise especial caution when dealing with evidence of subsequent conduct,
however this does not mean that subsequent conduct of the parties should
always be disregarded. In Ngee Ann Development Pte Ltd v Takashimaya Singapore
Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 627, the Court of Appeal referred to the parties’ subsequent
conduct to determine the parties’ agreement on the meaning of a term of a
lease. In that case, the question was whether the “prevailing market rental
value of the [premises]” in a rent review clause was to be assessed on the
basis of the existing configuration of the premises or on a hypothetical
configuration reflecting the highest and best use of the premises. In coming
to its decision that the existing configuration should apply, the Court of
Appeal referred to the parties’ conduct in the prior two rent reviews as
cogent evidence that the application of the existing configuration was
entirely in line with the parties’ agreement. The conduct in question was Ngee
Ann Development’s omission to raise any objections to the assessor’s prior
applications of the existing configuration for the purposes of valuation over
the past 20 years since the lease commenced. Pertinently, the Court of Appeal
observed that “Ngee Ann Development’s silence” was “in itself a clear
endorsement of Takashimaya’s position [that the existing configuration should
apply]” (at [103]).

71 In a similar vein, Ley Choon’s silence over such a substantial item of work
in the two years when the works were in progress constitutes cogent evidence
of its view of contractual obligations which coincide with Yew San’s position
that compaction was not part of its works. This, coupled with the fact that
the compaction works were undertaken by Ley Choon at all material times
without any protest or reservation of rights, is again confirmation that the
parties never intended for Yew San to undertake the compaction works. The
usual difficulty with parties’ subsequent conduct, viz, that the facts and
circumstances often point both ways and parties then seek to cherry-pick those
aspects of subsequent conduct that bolster their respective cases, does not
arise here because Ley Choon could not and did not point to a single aspect of
the parties’ conduct that suggested that the parties intended that compaction
form part of Yew San’s scope of works.

72 I therefore find this aspect of the evidence relevant, not as an aid to
interpretation of the Agreement, but as confirmation of the conclusion I have
already reached in construing the Agreement on its terms. The evidence of the
parties’ subsequent conduct is relevant, reasonably available to both parties
and relates to a clear and obvious context.

73 I also note the requirement of basic civil procedure set out in Sembcorp
Marine that parties are required to, inter alia, plead with specificity each
fact they wish to rely on in support of their construction of the contract,
and to specify the effect which those facts will have on their contended
construction (Sembcorp Marine at [73]). The Sembcorp Marine requirements of
civil procedure serve the important purpose of preventing the courts from
being flooded by a “tsunami of evidence” in cases where the parties may
otherwise have been inclined to indiscriminately admit extrinsic evidence in
the hope that at least some of it would be relevant and of assistance to their
respective cases (Sembcorp Marine at [66]). Whilst this point of pleading may
offend the letter of Sembcorp Marine, it does not offend the spirit of
Sembcorp Marine in the receipt of cogent evidence because Yew San seeks not to
inundate the court with records of the parties’ conduct during the progress of
the works; on the contrary, it simply wishes to point to the paucity of
evidence that any complaint, protest or demand was made in relation to Yew
San’s non-performance of the compaction works.

74 Whilst neither party has pleaded any particular factual matrix as being
relevant to the construction of the Agreement, 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DCS at para 114.

it is pertinent that the facts on which Yew San now relies (ie, the facts
relating to the parties’ conduct of the compaction works) were referred to in
para 12 of the Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2), albeit in
the context of Yew San’s pleadings on estoppel. I note also that Mr Leo did
state that there was “no allegation” that Yew San was to carry out the
compaction works, noting that the only complaints were about the slow progress
of the works in relation to the disposal of unsuitable material. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

LKS-1 at para 53, heading above para 47.

The same point was made in Yew San’s Opening Statement (at para 46), and, as
mentioned at [68] above, Ley Choon’s Mr Koh was cross-examined on whether Ley
Choon had made any complaints to Yew San regarding its non-performance of the
compaction works. Quite tellingly, Mr Koh was not re-examined on this point.
In light of the foregoing, I do not think it can be said that Ley Choon was in
any sense caught by surprise by Yew San’s reliance on the parties’ post-
contractual conduct for the purpose of contractual interpretation.

75 Finally, I also refer to another piece of confirmatory evidence. In his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Mr Leo deposes that compaction was
clearly not part of Yew San’s scope of works because when he quoted for the
job, his price did not include compaction. Mr Leo exhibits his quotation dated
26 January 2010. That quotation for $4,700,000.00 clearly did not include
compaction. It showed a lump sum quotation based on Ley Choon’s quantities of
175,803 m3 of cut and backfill and 328,075 m3 of cut and disposal, of
$4,650,000.00 and a lump sum for site clearance at $50,000.00. These same
quantities of cut and backfill and cut and disposal are used in all of Yew
San’s progress claims. In addition to the lumpsum quotation for cut, backfill
and disposal, the quotation also included unit rates for additional items of
work, viz, earth trimming, levelling and compacting at $12.00 per m3, disposal
of unsuitable material off site at $12.00 per m3 and construction of temporary
C7 drains and sump pit within the site. As noted above, the eventual contract
sum was $2,280,000.00.

(4) Conclusion

76 For the reasons given above, I find that the compaction works did not form
part of Yew San’s obligation to “supply, deliver and fill” under cll (iv) and
(v) of Appendix A of the Agreement.

Estoppel

77 Given my finding that the compaction works were not part of Yew San’s scope
of works, it is strictly speaking unnecessary for me to consider whether Ley
Choon is estopped from denying the same. However, for completeness, I make my
findings and give my views on the parties’ submissions.

78 I note that Yew San’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2)
was amended on 8 August 2017 to introduce Yew San’s pleadings on estoppel.
After the close of the proceedings, Yew San made no submissions on estoppel in
its written closing submissions. It was only in response to Ley Choon’s
written closing submissions that Yew San made submissions on estoppel. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PRS at para 36.

In its written reply submissions, Yew San proceeded on the basis that
promissory estoppel was the applicable species of estoppel, and the parties
only joined issue on whether the elements of promissory estoppel were made out
on the facts. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PRS at paras 36–39.

79 The legal elements that must be proved to raise promissory estoppel are
trite and are not disputed: (1) There must be a clear and unequivocal
representation made by the promisor to the promisee, (2) reliance on that
representation by the promisee and (3) detriment suffered by the promisee in
reliance on the representation (Aero-Gate Pte Ltd v Engen Marine Engineering
Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 409 at [37]).

80 According to Yew San, Ley Choon’s conduct throughout the course of the
project – viz, its acquiescence in Yew San’s non-performance of the compaction
works – constituted an unequivocal representation that Ley Choon would not
insist on its strict legal right under the Agreement to have Yew San undertake
the compaction works, which Yew San relied on in its non-performance of the
compaction works. On this basis, it would be inequitable to allow Ley Choon to
resile from that representation and sue Yew San for failure to perform the
very obligations Ley Choon had promised it would not enforce. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PRS at paras 38–39.

81 Ley Choon submits that Yew San did not rely on any purported representation
made by Ley Choon; if anything, Yew San relied entirely on its own mistaken
belief that it was not obliged under the Agreement to undertake the compaction
works in not performing the same. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DCS at paras 201–207.

I agree.

82 It is difficult to see how Yew San could have understood Ley Choon’s post-
contractual conduct as a representation that it would not enforce its legal
right under the Agreement to have the compaction works performed by Yew San
given that Yew San had, at all material times, believed that Ley Choon had no
such legal right. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 9(c); Reply and Defence to
Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 7; LKS-1 at paras 14–16, 20;
Tr/20.09.17/8–9.

The same point was made by Tuckey LJ in HIH Casualty and General Insurance Ltd
v Axa Corporate Solutions [2003] Lloyd’s Rep IR 1, which was cited and
discussed in Piers Feltham, Daniel Hochberg and Tom Leech, Spencer Bower: The
Law Relating to Estoppel by Representation (LexisNexis UK, 4th Ed, 2004) at
para XIV.2.21:

Unless the representation carries with it some apparent awareness of rights it
goes nowhere … A representor who is unaware that he has rights is unlikely to
make a representation that carries with it some apparent awareness that he has
rights. Conversely, a representee who is not aware that the representor has a
particular right is unlikely to understand the representation to mean that the
representor is not going to insist on that right or abandon any rights he may
have unless he expressly says so. It follows, I think, that knowledge, or
rather lack of it in this case, is important when one comes to consider
whether the estoppel has been established. [emphasis added]

83 Mr Leo’s evidence is that he never believed that Ley Choon had a right to
require Yew San to carry out the compaction works; I am therefore unable to
find that Yew San relied on a promise by Ley Choon not to enforce a right
which Yew San itself never believed existed. Accordingly, had I found that the
compaction works were Yew San’s works under the Agreement, I would not have
held Ley Choon estopped from enforcing those rights.

84 I pause to observe that this difficulty may not have presented itself had
Yew San relied on the principle of estoppel by convention. Estoppel by
convention is based on the adoption of an assumption as the agreed basis of a
relationship – here, the common assumption that Yew San was not contractually
obliged to undertake the compaction works – and the relevant belief is that
the convention has been adopted (see K R Handley, Estoppel by Conduct and
Election (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2016) at para 5-009). However, since the
parties made no submissions on estoppel by convention, I say no more in
relation to it.

Conclusion

85 To summarise, I find that the compaction works were not part of Yew San’s
scope of works under the Agreement, and accordingly dismiss the Incomplete
Compaction Works Counterclaim.

The Incomplete Earthworks Counterclaim

86 Ley Choon submits that it is entitled to charge Yew San for sums incurred
to undertake the earthworks – work that was clearly within the scope of Yew
San’s work under the Agreement. The expenses which Ley Choon claims are: (i)
transportation costs for the disposal of unsuitable material off-site; (ii)
transportation costs for delivery of suitable material for the fill works from
off-site sources to the project site; (iii) transportation costs for internal
movement of earthworks material; and (iv) costs of operating excavators
deployed on-site to perform excavation works at Phase 3. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

KSG-1 at para 93.

87 Yew San submits that Ley Choon’s claim (ii) above was not pleaded in its
Defence and Counterclaim. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PCS at paras 9, 83.

I agree. In my view, the reference to “the required resources to fully carry
out the backfill operations” in para 19 of the Defence and Counterclaim cannot
be read as encompassing the cost of delivery of the fill material; the
“resources” particularised in para 19 clearly relate to the plant required for
the compaction works, and not the fill material. Accordingly, Ley Choon is not
entitled to any relief in respect of the transportation costs for delivery of
suitable material for the fill works from off-site sources to the project
site.

88 According to Ley Choon, it was forced to step in because (i) Yew San’s
works were in serious delay, and there had been no improvement in the pace of
works even after repeated warnings were issued 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

KSG-1 at para 80.

and (ii) the earthworks in some phases were simply left incomplete when Yew
San left the project site. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DCS at paras 696–697.

(a) As early as 22 October 2010, CAG had informed Ley Choon that the removal
of unsuitable material was proceeding too slowly, and that this was due to,
inter alia, a lack of resources. Multiple warnings were then issued by Ley
Choon to Yew San from November to December 2010, putting it on notice that Ley
Choon would “mobilise machinery” to complete the work if it failed to meet the
stipulated deadlines (see [25] above). There was no evidence that Yew San ever
responded to these letters to deny the allegations of delay or challenge Ley
Choon’s right to intervene.

(b) In June 2011, Ley Choon came under increasing pressure from CAG to step up
the pace of the removal of unsuitable material. By this time, it appears that
CAG had taken the view that the cause of the delays was a lack of trucks
supplied by Yew San; CAG had itself recorded the number of lorry trips made by
daily by Yew San, and observed that there had been a decrease in the number of
trip despite CAG’s repeated demands that the rate of progress be increased
(see [26]–[27] above).

(c) At a site meeting held on 12 September 2011, Ley Choon issued yet another
warning, and asserted that Ley Choon had, in relation to Yew San’s works in
Phase 1B, engaged another party to assist in the disposal of unsuitable
material. Importantly, Yew San did not deny that it had left excavation works
unfinished at Phase 1B, nor that Ley Choon had therefore stepped in and
engaged an external contractor to complete the works. Instead, Yew San simply
said that an unnamed site manager had given it instructions to “await for
further levelling instruction” (see [29]–[30] above).

89 I turn now to Yew San’s submissions, which, with respect, I found rather
difficult to follow. In its written closing submissions, Yew San appears not
to deny that Ley Choon had in fact mobilised resources to complete the work
that it had left incomplete, nor does it challenge generally Ley Choon’s
entitlement to charge for those costs. I therefore do not consider a possible
defence that in the absence of an express provision, Ley Choon did not have
the right to take over Yew San’s work and deduct the costs from the contract
price, see Keating at para 4-055. In any case, the facts surrounding such a
defence were not explored nor was the effect of cl 8.1 (the obligation on Yew
San to “respond and/or take action within 24 hours [of] any Site Instructions
received” and what was to happen if Yew San failed to do so) of the Agreement.
Instead, Yew San submits that the claims relating to incomplete work must be
confined to Phases 1B, 3 and 4 on Ley Choon’s pleaded case. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PCS at paras 6–9, 83.

It then goes on to argue that Ley Choon’s counterclaim is not made out in
relation to the work in Phases 1B, 3 and 4 for various reasons:

(a) Phase 1B: The expenses claimed were incurred between October 2011 and July
2012; since the work at Phase 1B was completed by 30 June 2011, those expenses
clearly do not pertain to any alleged work done at Phase 1B; 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

PCS at para 90.

(b) Phase 3: Yew San had substantially completed its works at Phase 3; 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PCS at paras 85–86.

and

(c) Phase 4: Since Phase 4 did not involve any excavation works, Ley Choon’s
claim for excavation, transportation and disposal of earth cannot concern
Phase 4. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PCS at para 84.

90 I deal first with the preliminary point on the pleadings. Yew San argues
that the Incomplete Earthworks Counterclaim should be confined to the
incomplete works in Phases 1B, 3 and 4. In response to Yew San’s request for
further and better particulars on the works that Ley Choon says Yew San failed
to complete, Ley Choon clearly confined its claim to Phases 1B, 3 and 4: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 16; Further and Better
Particulars of the Defence and Counterclaim at para 3(a).

Request

a. Please state, giving full particulars, as to what works it is alleged [Yew
San] failed or neglected to complete.

Answer:

a. [Yew San] had failed to and/or neglected to complete its works at Phase 1B,
3 and 4 of the works.

I therefore hold that Ley Choon is entitled, if at all, to relief in respect
of incomplete works in Phases 1B, 3 and 4 only.

Phase 1B

91 On the basis that the Incomplete Earthworks Counterclaim is confined to the
works at Phases 1B, 3 and 4, Yew San’s approach appears to be to show that Ley
Choon’s claim does not relate to any of those works.

92 Yew San argues that the expenses claimed by Yew San, which were incurred
between October 2011 and July 2012, 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

KSG-1 at para 96.

cannot possibly pertain to work done at Phase 1B since the work at Phase 1B,
on Ley Choon’s own case, had been completed by 30 June 2011 (the date accepted
by Ley Choon’s expert witness, Mr Ness). 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

PCS at para 90; IAN-1 at p 250, para 53.

93 With respect, I found that analysis to be overly simplistic. The “date of
completion” – 30 June 2011 – had only been accepted by Mr Ness for the
purposes of the delay analysis; it did not mean that there was absolutely
nothing left to do at Phase 1B. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

IAN-1 at p 250, para 53; KSG-1 at para 124.

In this regard, Mr Ness had specifically pointed out that the work of
disposing of unsuitable material continued beyond 30 June 2011,
notwithstanding that he had accepted that date as the date of completion of
the works at Phase 1B. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

IAN-1 at p 249, para 50; KSG-1 at para 29.

In fact, disposal works were still ongoing even after the works at Phase 1B
were certified substantially complete on 14 February 2012. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

IAN-1 at pp 197, 199–200.

Mr Ness surmised that the disposal works may not have interfered with
substantial completion if the stockpiles were at the boundary of the phase,
and this suggestion went unchallenged in cross-examination. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

IAN-1 at p 249, para 51.1.

94 On the evidence before me, it is clear and I find that the disposal of
unsuitable material excavated from Phase 1B continued well past 30 June 2011,
and that some of these works were undertaken by Ley Choon and/or its appointed
subcontractors. Since disposal of unsuitable material was Yew San’s
obligation, Ley Choon is entitled to claim in respect of that work done at
Phase 1B. Therefore, Yew San’s basis for denying Ley Choon’s expenses incurred
between October 2011 and July 2012 has not been made out.

Phase 3

95 In relation to Phase 3, Yew San simply states that the excavated earth at
Phase 3 had been “substantially disposed of”. It refers to a meeting held on
12 September 2011 at which it was recorded that 84,847m3 of earth was to be
excavated at Phase 3 as at 7 September 2011. Yew San’s lorry chits from 7
September 2011 to February 2012 show that about 72,000m3 of earth had been
excavated and disposed of during that period. By simple arithmetic, that means
that some 12,847m3 worth of work remained incomplete. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

PCS at paras 85–86.

96 I had some difficulty understanding the purport of this submission. By the
very submission that it had only substantially completed its work at Phase 3,
Yew San effectively admits that it had not completed at least some of its work
there. Based on Yew San’s own calculations, there remained more than two
thousand lorry loads of earth to be disposed of (at 6m3 per lorry load). 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

DRS at para 187(b).

Clearly, Ley Choon is entitled to bring a counterclaim in respect of those
portions of the works left incomplete, even if the overall works can be
considered substantially complete.

Phase 4

97 Likewise, I note that it is not Yew San’s submission that the works at
Phase 4 were in fact completed. Instead, Yew San argues that since Phase 4 is
a “fill” area, where no excavation works were carried out, Ley Choon’s claim
for excavation, transportation and disposal of earth cannot concern Phase 4.
115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PCS at para 84.

98 In my view, this argument runs into difficulty because Ley Choon’s claim
for the costs of internal transfer of earthworks material (see at [36(a)]
above) does potentially concern the fill works at Phase 4 since the excavated
material at Phase 3 was transported to Phase 4 for the fill works. In any
case, even if the expenses claimed by Ley Choon do not concern the fill works
at Phase 4, it remains open for Ley Choon to claim in respect of incomplete
work at Phases 1B and 3.

99 I therefore find that Yew San had failed or neglected to complete its
works, and that Ley Choon had incurred costs in stepping in to complete those
works. I reject Yew San’s submission that the costs incurred by Ley Choon were
unrelated to the works at Phases 1B, 3 and 4. Accordingly, Ley Choon is
entitled to relief in respect of the costs incurred. I turn now to the quantum
of those costs.

Quantum

100 The Incomplete Earthworks Counterclaim encompasses both (i) expenses
incurred in engaging external contractors (evidenced by invoices from those
subcontractors) and (ii) expenses incurred by Ley Choon itself in mobilising
its own resources (evidenced by material collection notes (the “Material
Collection Notes”) and lorry movement chits (“Lorry Movement Chits”)). 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

DCS at paras 697–698.

(1) The subcontractors’ invoices

101 The total value of the subcontractors’ invoices is $321,153.58. A summary
of the subcontractors’ invoices is set out at para 96 of Mr Koh’s AEIC, and
copies of the invoices are exhibited at pages 264 to 290. Mr David Ong (“Mr
Ong”), counsel for Yew San, did not challenge the validity or accuracy of the
invoices at trial. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

DCS at paras 700, 713.

102 However, as was discussed at [87] above, Ley Choon had not pleaded its
claim for the costs of transporting suitable material to the site, and is
therefore not entitled to any relief in respect of costs incurred for the
same. The invoices relating to the transportation of material to the project
site are described at serial numbers 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 and 17 of the list
of invoices, with a total value of $91,812.85. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

DRS at para 180.

103 Therefore, I allow Ley Choon’s claim for the remaining sum of $229,340.73
under the subcontractors’ invoices.

(2) Material Collection Notes and Lorry Movement Chits

104 The work done by Ley Choon itself is recorded in two forms – Material
Collection Notes and Lorry Movement Chits, exhibited at pages 153 to 263 of Mr
Koh’s AEIC.

105 Ley Choon had, initially, claimed the sums of $92,070.00 and $495,180.00
on the basis that the Material Collection Notes and the Lorry Movement Chits
evidence 1,023 trips 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

DCS at para 707.

and 5,502 trips made respectively. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

DCS at para 709; 8.AB 4172; 8.AB 4192 to 9.AB 5268.

However, Mr Ness candidly pointed out that some of the Lorry Movement Chits
reflect trips made to multiple locations throughout Singapore (and not just
the project site), and he quite rightly disregarded such trips, leaving 1,808
Lorry Movement Chits. Mr Ness further noted the risk of duplications given
that no explanation was given as to the difference between the two types of
record; some Lorry Movement Chits might record a single movement also recorded
by a Material Collection Note. On this basis, Mr Ness very fairly only
accepted the 1,808 Lorry Movement Chits, an assessment which Mr Ong did not
challenge in cross-examination. I do note that Mr Ong did briefly touch on the
Lorry Movement Chits in his cross-examination of Mr Koh; he did get Mr Koh to
agree that two trips did not concern the Agreement. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Tr/09.02.18/18-20

I find that these two trips were more than adequately taken care of by Mr
Ness’ acceptance of only 1,808 out of 5,502 trips. I note that Ley Choon has
since (belatedly) given an explanation of why the two types of records are
mutually exclusive in its written closing submissions, 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

DCS at para 705.

but those definitions are not in evidence and cannot be considered.

106 In relation to the costs incurred per trip made, Ley Choon submits that
the market rate, based on what Ley Choon itself was charged by the
subcontractors it engaged to carry out the disposal works, was in the range of
$90 to $100 per load. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DCS at para 702.

Mr Ness agreed that that was a fair estimation of the market rate, and adopted
a rate of $72 per load in his own calculations. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

IAN-1 at para 244.

Mr Ness’ evidence in this regard went unchallenged by Mr Ong during the trial.
125

##### Foot Note 125

×

DCS at para 702.

107 I accept Mr Ness’ assessment and find that Ley Choon may only claim upon
1,808 Lorry Movement Chits at a rate of $72 per trip. The value of the claim
for work done by Ley Choon is therefore $130,176.00.

(3) Conclusion

108 I therefore allow the Incomplete Earthworks Counterclaim in the sum of
$359,516.73, being the sum of $229,340.73 under the subcontractors’ invoices
and $130,176.00 under the Lorry Movement Chits and Material Collection Notes.

The Sub-grade Material Counterclaim

109 Ley Choon counterclaims for the cost of supplying suitable material for
the sub-grade (“the sub-grade material”). 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

DCS at paras 717–721.

110 As noted at [87] above, the claim for the supply and/or delivery of sub-
grade material was not pleaded by Ley Choon. It appears that Mr Ong was aware
of this, but although it was raised at the hearing of Yew San’s application to
compel the disclosure of certain documents, 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Tr/12.09.17/19/11–19.

it was never raised at the trial, nor in written submissions. Further, I note
that Mr Ong did not object when counsel for Ley Choon, Mr Ravi Chelliah (“Mr
Chelliah”), cross-examined Mr Leo in relation to the supply of the sub-grade
material on the ground that the point had not been pleaded. Importantly, Mr
Ong had himself cross-examined Ley Choon’s Mr Koh on the same point. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Tr/26.09.17/104–105.

111 Since neither party has taken this point during the trial or in
submissions, and I see no irreparable prejudice or harm to Yew San, I will
proceed to deal with this claim on the basis that the parties require me to do
so.

112 In determining the Sub-grade Material Counterclaim, the following issues
fall for decision:

(a) Did Yew San have an obligation to supply the sub-grade material under the
Agreement?

(b) If so, what is the quantum of loss suffered as a result of Yew San’s
failure to supply the sub-grade material?

Did Yew San have an obligation to supply the sub-grade material under the
Agreement?

113 The relevant provisions are cll (iv) and (v) of Appendix A of the
Agreement, the material portions of which are identical:

(iv) For Cut Area, supply, deliver and fill CAG-approved earth/soil from [Yew
San’s] own sources or earth/soil excavated within the site … for the
construction of subgrade.

In situation where there is a shortage of CAG-approved earth/soil from [Yew
San’s] own sources, [Ley Choon] shall, upon seeking CAG’s approval, source for
asphalt milled waste or recycled graded stones or any sub-base material in
substitution of the CAG-approved earth/soil. [Yew San] shall provide transport
to bring in these sub-base material to site.

(v) For Fill Area, supply, deliver and fill CAG approved earth/soil from [Yew
San’s] own sources or earth/soil excavated within site … up to the specified
subgrade level …In situation where there is a shortage of CAG-approved
earth/soil from [Yew San’s] own sources, [Ley Choon] shall, upon seeking CAG’s
approval, source for asphalt milled waste or recycled graded stones or any
sub-base material in substitution of the CAG-approved earth/soil. [Yew San]
shall provide transport to bring in these sub-base material to site.

114 Ley Choon argues that cll (iv) and (v) require Yew San to source for
suitable material off-site from its own sources, and only if none is available
will the proviso (ie, the second paragraph of cll (iv) and (v)) be engaged,
thereby triggering Ley Choon’s obligation to source for alternative material.
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

DRS at para 140.

115 Some contextual background will be helpful in construing these provisions.
From the evidence at trial, it was not disputed that for earthworks in
Singapore, contractors like Yew San are able, depending on a double-
coincidence of wants, to obtain soil from other sites at little or no cost or,
at times, even get paid instead for taking soil from another site. This
happens when earthworks at another site involves the levelling of undulating
ground or excavation and the contractor of that other site has to dispose of
the surplus soil. Specialist contractors like Yew San who keep their ear to
the ground are then able to take that soil, either without cost but only
providing the lorries to carry away the excavated material, or as I said,
possibly at a fee, depending on whether the other contractor is having
difficulty disposing of such soil. One can understand this reality given the
size constraints and the highly built-up density of Singapore. The reverse
will also apply where Yew San has to dispose of unsuitable soil which may be
unacceptable for the higher specifications of an airport sub-grade, but may be
suitable fill for other sites. Where these other sites need fill, Yew San may
be able to charge a fee for supplying the soil it excavated from the site.
Certain kinds of soil on the other hand, like marine clay, which is not
suitable for any site, has to be disposed of at a relatively high cost. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PCS at para 65; Tr/27.09.17/18/21 to 27/28.

116 Appendix A also contains cl (vi) which provides that for cut and for fill
areas, Yew San is to stockpile and transfer to fill areas, earth/soil from Yew
San’s own sources or excavated within the site. This is consistent with the
above in that Yew San could obtain soil from other sites and, within site
limitations, stockpile such soil on site for future use. I therefore am
broadly in agreement with Ley Choon’s construction at [114] above. There is
evidence, which I accept, that Yew San is an experienced earthwork contractor
whereas Ley Choon’s expertise lies in pipes and pipework as used in a civil
engineering context as well as drains and culverts. The Agreement clearly
called for Yew San to use suitable material, approved by CAG, for the sub-
grade. The Agreement required Yew San to obtain this material from its own
sources or the material it had excavated at the site. That primary
responsibility fell on Yew San in the first instance. It was only where there
was a shortage of suitable material from Yew San’s sources that Ley Choon’s
obligation to source for milled waste or recycled graded stone or any duly
approved sub-base material in substitution of the suitable material would be
triggered.

117 Yew San submits that the proviso had been triggered because it “did not
have any CAG approved soil”, such that “[m]ost of the CAG approved soil for
back-filling (OA and other approved material) in the Project had to be
provided by [Ley Choon]… from its own sources”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

PCS at para 67.

In his AEIC, Mr Leo deposed that the soil to be used for the sub-grade was a
special grade of soil that had to be CAG-approved and if the soil that had
been stockpiled from the excavated areas was not suitable to be used for the
sub-grade, then it was Ley Choon’s obligation to source for the same at their
cost. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

LKS-1 at para 17

This was not what was provided for in cll (iv), (v) and (vi) which clearly
provided for Yew San to obtain the fill from its “own sources or earth/soil
excavated within the site” [emphasis added]. I think it is of some
significance that obtaining suitable fill from Yew San’s “own sources” came
before earth or soil “excavated within the site”. Under the Agreement, in the
second paragraph, Appendix F, under “(e) Earthwork and Subgrade Preparation”,
it is stated that “[t]he top 1.0m of the earth subgrade for pavement works
shall be approved material supplied from Contractor’s [ie, Ley Choon’s] own
source.” There is no reference to excavated material from the site. The reason
for this can be seen in the borehole logs provided to Ley Choon under the Main
Contract, (which was available for Yew San’s inspection), where the data
logged shows little optimism for obtaining suitable material from the site
excavation. Under cross-examination, it became clear that Mr Leo’s own view of
Yew San’s obligation to supply suitable material was an extremely thin one: If
Yew San had the material on hand or if it was readily available on the market,
Yew San would supply it, but not otherwise. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Tr/21.09.17/70/24–25.

When Mr Chelliah suggested that Yew San would have a better network of
contacts for sources of suitable material than Ley Choon, Mr Leo avoided
answering by stating: “Ley Choon knew other contractors. He could have asked
other contractor to source. I was not the only one”. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Tr/22.09.17/86/20–22.

118 In my view, that is so thin an interpretation of Yew San’s obligation to
source for and supply suitable material as to defy commercial sense. Yew San
was an experienced earthworks subcontractor; it was expected that Yew San
would have a wider network of contacts, which it could tap on in the event of
shortage of material from the site itself. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Tr/22.09/17/85–87.

It was only in situations of shortage of suitable material from Yew San’s own
network of sources – such that alternative material (such as hardcore or
graded stone) would have to be procured – that the proviso would be engaged.
This means Yew San had to adduce evidence of reasonable efforts to obtain
suitable material for the sub-grade fill but that it was unable to obtain the
same before the obligation of Ley Choon kicked in.

119 In my judgment, it is not enough for Yew San to simply assert that it did
not have any suitable material from its own sources; especially not when Ley
Choon was itself able to successfully find other sources of suitable material.
Other than a bare assertion, Yew San did not adduce evidence to show that
there was a shortage of suitable material despite its reasonable efforts to
obtain the same. I therefore find that the proviso in cll (iv) and (v) had not
been engaged, and that it remained Yew San’s obligation at all material times
to supply all of the sub-grade material. Having failed to do so, Yew San had
breached cll (iv) and (v) and is liable to Ley Choon for the costs of
procuring the sub-grade material incurred.

Quantum

120 Instead of proving the costs it incurred in procuring and transporting the
sub-grade material by producing invoices or lorry chits, Ley Choon’s approach
was to determine the volume of sub-grade material by deducting the volume
supplied by Yew San from the total volume required, with the logical inference
being that the remainder must have been supplied by Ley Choon. This volume is
then multiplied by an assumed cost per unit of sub-grade material supplied.
136

##### Foot Note 136

×

DCS at para 718; IAN-1 at paras 255–264.

121 I find this approach quite problematic especially in light of the evidence
that Ley Choon did not have to pay for (and, on occasion, was paid to receive)
some of the sub-grade material. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

PCS at para 65; Tr/27.09.17/18–21, 27–28.

Ley Choon claims the costs that it incurred in procuring and transporting the
sub-grade material. It is trite law that a claimant must prove his loss – in
this case, loss in the form of the costs incurred in having to procure and
transport the sub-grade material. That would have been readily available to
Ley Choon. To enable it to backcharge these costs to Yew San, it would be
entirely reasonable for Ley Choon to gather these invoices and payments
therefor to substantiate the backcharge.

122 In the circumstances, I find that it is incumbent on Ley Choon to adduce
evidence of the costs it actually incurred in procuring and transporting the
sub-grade material, instead of simply urging the court to accept a measure
calculated on the basis of certain assumptions as to the quantity of material
supplied and the price at which it was obtained.

123 I therefore allow the Sub-grade Material Counterclaim in principle, but as
Ley Choon has not proved its loss, I award only nominal damages of $100.00 in
respect of it.

Alternative quantum analysis

124 In the event I am wrong and this is taken up elsewhere, I deal with Ley
Choon’s proposed approach to its problem in proving its damages. Ley Choon
submits that the quantum of damages to be awarded for the Sub-grade Material
Counterclaim is a function of (i) the quantity of sub-grade material supplied
by Ley Choon and (ii) the cost per load of sub-grade material supplied.

(1) Quantity of sub-grade material

125 Instead of producing evidence of the volume of sub-grade supplied, Ley
Choon’s approach is to first determine the total volume of sub-grade material
that was required and then subtract the volume of sub-grade material supplied
by Yew San (if any), with the logical inference being that the remainder must
have been supplied by Ley Choon. Yew San made no objections to the adoption of
this approach.

126 The total volume of sub-grade material was ascertained in this way. As
previously mentioned (at [11] above), construction of the sub-grade was only
required where taxiways and aprons were to be built. Mr Koh’s evidence is that
the total paved area is 171,126.0m2, comprising the flexible pavement area of
138,708.8m2 and the rigid pavement area of 32,417.2m2. The volume of the sub-
grade material required is obtained by multiplying the total paved area by the
1.0m depth of the sub-grade layer, for a total volume of 171,126.0m3. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

KSG-1 at para 35.

These calculations were not challenged at trial.

127 As for the volume of sub-grade material from sources on-site, it is
undisputed that most, 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

LKS-1 at para 18.

if not all, 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

KSG-1 at para 34.

of the excavated material from the site was found unsuitable for use in the
sub-grade. Even if some of the excavated material was found suitable, there
was no evidence as to the quantity found suitable. In the circumstances, it is
assumed that none of the excavated material from the site was suitable for use
in the sub-grade.

128 As for the volume of sub-grade material from Yew San’s own off-site
sources, Yew San averred that some $35,759.40 of suitable material was
supplied. Based on the invoices rendered in respect of the $35,759.40, Yew San
supplied 478 lorry-loads of suitable material at $20 per load and 2,387 lorry-
loads at $10 per load for a total of 2,765 lorry-loads. I accept that the
average lorry-load is about 6m3, once bulking is accounted for. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Tr/14.02.18/44–46.

At 6m3 per load, the quantity of suitable material supplied by Yew San
(according to its invoices) was 16,590m3. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

IAN-1 at paras 256–258.

Although Yew San’s claim for the $35,759.40 was eventually abandoned (see [34]
above), Mr Leo’s evidence that Yew San supplied the suitable material still
stands; Ley Choon’s response to Yew San’s claim had not been that the suitable
material was not in fact supplied, but that, inter alia, no oral agreement
that it would pay Yew San for the supply had been reached, and that the supply
was part of Yew San’s scope of works under the Agreement and could not
constitute an additional variation thereto. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

DCS at paras 767–775.

On this basis, Yew San supplied 16,590m3 of sub-grade material.

129 Given that the total volume of sub-grade material required was
171,126.0m3, and that Yew San had supplied 16,590m3 of that quantity, I accept
that Ley Choon had supplied the remaining volume of 154,536m3, or 25,756 loads
at 6m3 per load.

(2) Cost per load

130 Ley Choon proposes three different prices: (i) $72.00 per load is the
market rate according to Mr Ness; (ii) $20.00 per load is the higher rate
charged by Yew San in its claim for the transportation of sub-grade material;
and (iii) $10.00 per load is the lower rate charged by Yew San.

131 The evidence relating to the cost of transporting the sub-grade material
was severely lacking. No explanation was given as to why Yew San had dropped
the price from $20.00 to $10.00 per load, beyond saying that Yew San had
reduced the price at Ley Choon’s request. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

LKS-1 at para 74.

132 It appears that Ley Choon was, on at least some occasions, paid to receive
the sub-grade material (see [115] above). However, the evidence was unclear as
to the occasions when Ley Choon was paid to receive the sub-grade material and
if so, how much it was paid.

133 In the circumstances, I adopt the price of $10.00 per load of 6m3.

134 As stated above, in the event I am wrong and this is taken up elsewhere,
on the alternative basis I find the Sub-grade Material Counterclaim in the sum
of $257,560.00, being the cost of obtaining 25,756 loads (at 6m3 per load) of
sub-grade material at $10.00 per load.

The Indemnity Counterclaim

135 Ley Choon counterclaims for an indemnity in respect of liquidated damages
imposed on Ley Choon by CAG under the Main Contract pursuant to cl 3.1 of the
Agreement: 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

1.AB 2.

3\. Liquidated Damages, Penalties and Phase Construction and Completion

3.1 Appendix B1-B2 refers. In the event CAG under the terms and conditions of
the Main Contract is entitled to impose liquidated damages and/or penalties on
[Ley Choon], similarly, by default, [Yew San] shall be fully liable to the
extent that cause of action is attributable to any act, omission or breach
(including negligence) by [Yew San], or its officers, employees, agents or
sub-contractors.

[emphasis in original]

136 The relevant phases of work which are the subject of Ley Choon’s
counterclaim are Phases 1B, 2A, 3 and 4. No liquidated damages were imposed by
CAG in respect of Phase 1A and it is undisputed that Yew San had no work at
Phase 2B. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

DCS at para 461; IAN at p 50, para 264.

While Yew San submits that Ley Choon’s counterclaim ought to be confined to
Phases 3 and 4, as pleaded, I have little hesitation in rejecting this
submission as it is clear that the references to Phases 3 and 4 in para 21 of
the Defence and Counterclaim were not meant to be exhaustive. Paragraph 21
avers that Yew San completed the phases of work late and failed to complete it
in accordance with the schedule set out in the Agreement; that schedule
encompassed all phases of work. The second sentence of para 21 then avers “In
particular, Phase 3 and Phase 4 were completed late as [Yew San] failed and/or
neglected to carry out any work from the last quarter of 2011 or the first
quarter of 2012” [emphasis added]. This is all the more clear when read in
light of the surrounding paragraphs, such as paras 18 and 22. In any case, it
does not appear that Yew San was labouring under any misapprehension as to the
case it had to meet, seeing as Mr Ong spent a considerable amount of time
cross-examining both Mr Koh and Mr Ness on Phases 1B and 2A. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

DRS at paras 13–16.

I therefore proceed on the basis that the relevant phases are Phases 1B, 2A, 3
and 4. Under the Agreement, the relevant portions of the project schedule in
Appendix C were as follows:

Phase| Duration (weeks)| Duration (days)| Estimated Start Date | Estimated Finish Date  
---|---|---|---|---  
1B| 8| 56| 23 June 2010 | 18 August 2010  
2A| 12| 84| 28 June 2010| 20 September 2010  
3| 25| 175| 15 January 2011| 9 July 2011  
4| 20| 140| 23 March 2011| 10 August 2011  
  
137 As between employer and main contractor, cl 16.1(1) of the Main Contract
entitles CAG to impose liquidated damages on Ley Choon if the works are not
substantially completed within the stipulated time for completion or any
extensions of time (“EOT”) granted by the Superintending Officer. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

1.AB 66.

The daily rate of liquidated damages payable for the relevant phases are as
follows: 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

1.AB 10; 2.AB 571.

Phase| Liquidated damages (per day)  
---|---  
1B| $3,000.00  
2A| $4,600.00  
3| $3,400.00  
4| $6,500.00  
  
138 CAG informed Ley Choon of the quantum of liquidated damages due by way of
letter dated 25 March 2015. The overall delay is given by the duration between
the contractual date for completion and the actual date of substantial
completion. After subtracting the EOT granted, what remained was the culpable
delay. Liquidated damages were imposed by CAG on Ley Choon for the relevant
phases as follows: 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

3.AB 1453–1457.

Phase| Overall delay (days)| EOT granted (days)| Remaining delay (days)|
Liquidated damages payable  
---|---|---|---|---  
1B| 457| 311| 146| $438,000.00  
2A| 438| 379| 59| $271,400.00  
3| 368| 116| 252| $856,800.00  
4| 397| 150| 247| $1,605,500.00  
Total:| -| -| -| $3,171,700.00  
  
139 Yew San did not dispute CAG’s entitlement to impose liquidated damages on
Ley Choon nor the quantum of liquidated damages so imposed. The sole question
before me was as to the proportion of the liquidated damages imposed by CAG on
Ley Choon that were attributable to the acts, omissions or breaches of Yew
San.

140 Ley Choon submits that Yew San’s works were in delay, and that Yew San’s
delay directly led to the imposition of liquidated damages by CAG because Yew
San’s earthworks were the critical predecessor to the completion of the works.
Since the sub-grade and pavement works had to be built up from the formation
level, no follow-on work could commence until Yew San had completed the
earthworks. Essentially, any delay in Yew San’s earthworks would necessarily
result in at least an equivalent follow-on delay to the rest of the works
which were to follow.

141 The evidential limitation in Ley Choon’s case is that the CAG assessments
of overall delay and the EOT awarded were concerned only with the overall
position for each phase, and not the position of Ley Choon vis-à-vis its
subcontractors. The assessment of delay, for example, does not state the
proportion of the delay owing to earthworks (which were Yew San’s
responsibility) as opposed to the spreading, levelling, compaction and
inspection of the sub-grade works (which were Ley Choon’s responsibility).
Likewise, Ley Choon’s itemised claims for EOT did not give the complete
picture and this was made worse as the EOT was granted as an overall figure
without any breakdown as to which EOT events CAG had approved and which it had
rejected, and therefore offered no clues as to the proportion of EOT that was
granted in respect of Yew San’s works. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

IAN-1 at p 49, para 160.5.

142 To this end, Ley Choon engaged an expert on delay analysis, Mr Ness to
give his opinion on (i) the duration of subcontract delay; and (ii) the
appropriate proportion of the CAG-awarded EOT that should be “passed down” to
Yew San. Mr Ness adopted the following methodology to determine the proportion
of liquidated damages attributable to Yew San: 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

IAN-1 at paras 153–160; Tr/14.02.18/70/11 – 72/6.

(a) Ascertain from the documentation, for each phase, the commencement and
completion date of Yew San’s work so as to ascertain the overall time taken by
Yew San to complete its work in that phase, comparing this to the time
allotted in Appendix C of the Agreement to ascertain the number of days that
Yew San was in delay.

(b) Yew San ought not to be held liable for delay where it is assessed that:

(i) the delay to Yew San’s works was caused by Ley Choon; or

(ii) the delay was caused by events for which an EOT would have been granted
by CAG to Ley Choon. In so far as the EOT was likely granted in respect of
events relating to Yew San’s work, the EOT would be “passed down” to Yew San.

(c) Determine the period of culpable delay attributable to Yew San by
subtracting the period of excusable delay (for which EOT is “passed down”)
from the total delay, and multiply this by the daily rate of liquidated
damages payable for the total quantum payable. If this determination exceeds
the CAG-imposed amount, it ought to nonetheless be capped at the CAG-imposed
level, since Yew San is liable only to indemnify Ley Choon for any liquidated
damages actually imposed by CAG. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

IAN-1 at p 286 at paras 31–32.

143 Applying this method, Mr Ness calculated three alternative quanta of
liability, and termed these Options A, B and C. Options A and B were
calculated on the basis that Yew San was responsible only for the earthworks,
and not the sub-grade works – ie, the completion dates adopted tracked the
completion of the earthworks, and not the sub-grade works. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

IAN-1 at p 43 at paras 141–142.

I should note that, as discussed above, Yew San was involved in the sub-grade
works, albeit only in the filling of suitable material. Ley Choon then carried
out the spreading, levelling, compaction and inspection of the layers within
the sub-grade. That said, the evidence as to the progress of the works was not
of a sufficiently detailed level as to allow for an analysis differentiating
between the time taken for the fill for each of the four 250mm layers of sub-
grade (which was Yew San’s work), as against the time taken for the spreading,
levelling, compaction and inspection (which was Ley Choon’s work). Instead,
Ley Choon’s monthly progress reports to CAG (“MPR”) record the “laying+
compaction+ inspection” of each sub-grade layer as a single item of work. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

See, for example, IAN-1 at p 559 at s/n 28–30.

Mr Ness accepted this same point upon my questioning (see [160] below). 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Tr/13.02.18/100/6–17.

That being the case, for the purposes of Mr Ness’ delay analysis, the
completion dates of Yew San’s work (as regards Options A and B) were based on
the completion of Yew San’s earthworks only (ie, the cut or fill works up to
formation level). In other words, he disregarded, for the purposes of the
delay analysis, Yew San’s work in the sub-grade (notwithstanding that, as
explained, Yew San was responsible for dumping the suitable material for the
sub-grade layers for Ley Choon to then spread, level and compact). Therefore,
under Options A and B, Mr Ness proceeded on the basis that Yew San’s work was
complete when the earthworks were completed.

144 As between the two (ie, Options A and B), Option A was based on the
completion dates most favourable to Yew San, based on Yew San’s best case as
pleaded, and Option B was based on the completion dates as determined by Mr
Ness.

145 Option C stood apart from Options A and B in that it was calculated on the
basis that Yew San was responsible for the sub-grade work. In other words, the
completion dates adopted tracked the completion of the sub-grade works in
their entirety (ie, including spreading, levelling compaction and inspection).
This option is not applicable in view of my finding that it was Ley Choon
which was responsible for the spreading, levelling, compaction and inspection
of the sub-grade layers.

146 While the three options presented were helpful in painting a general
picture of the liability which Yew San faced given each set of completion
dates, I did not adopt any of the options as presented by Mr Ness. Instead, I
found it necessary and appropriate to apply Mr Ness’ methodology to each phase
of works individually, and to descend into the evidence cited by Mr Ness in
support of his conclusions and make my findings as to the commencement and
completion dates and the likely EOT awards for each phase.

147 Yew San takes issue with Mr Ness’ conclusions on two levels. On a more
general level, Yew San submits that Mr Ness’ methodology is flawed and should
be rejected in its entirety. Three points of criticism are raised: (i)
evidence of the commencement/completion dates are factual issues which ought
to be determined on the basis of the evidence of the factual witnesses, not
the opinions of an expert; 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PCS at paras 93, 98, 117–120, 124.

(ii) Mr Ness failed to consider if other sources of delay (other than the
delay in Yew San’s earthworks) might have contributed to the overall delay. In
particular, Mr Ness did not adequately assess the delay in the sub-grade works
that Ley Choon had to carry out; 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

PCS at paras 105, 107, 110–113, 115.

and (iii) Mr Ness’ methodology misapplies cl 3.1 of the Agreement since his
assessment of the liquidated damages for Phases 1B and 2A exceed the sum
imposed by CAG. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

PCS at para 101.

148 More specifically, Yew San takes issue with Mr Ness’ assessments of the
commencement/completion dates and the likely EOT awards for each phase.

149 I shall first deal with the three general objections raised by Yew San,
before examining the commencement/completion dates and EOT analysis for each
phase.

Admissibility of expert opinion in delay analysis

150 In determining the commencement and completion dates of each phase, Mr
Ness based his opinion on documentary evidence of the as-planned and as-built
progress of the works, such as Yew San’s progress claims, correspondence
between Yew San and Ley Choon, and Ley Choon’s MPRs to CAG.

151 Yew San submits that it is “highly unusual” that Ley Choon relies on an
expert’s assessment as to what those dates were, based on the documentary
record, instead of calling witnesses of fact to establish those dates. The
commencement and completion dates of the works are factual issues, evidence of
which must be given by witnesses with personal knowledge of the matter. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

PCS at para 118.

Ley Choon’s Mr Yap was the person in charge of the Seletar Airport Project,
but was not called to give evidence on the aforementioned dates. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

PCS at para 119.

I was told that he and one Mr Wong had left Ley Choon’s employment. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Tr/27.09.17/42–43.

Ley Choon did call Mr Koh, who started work at the project site sometime in
October 2010. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

KSG-1 at para 8.

However, Mr Koh did not give any direct evidence as to the commencement or
completion dates of Ley Choon’s work, nor was he the person who prepared the
MPRs, 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Tr/07.02.18/21/20, 66/2, 66/21.

which Mr Ness relied heavily on in coming to his conclusions.

152 I should perhaps, digress at this juncture to voice my view that this is
the kind of case that should never have come to trial for a number of reasons.
I have already alluded to the lack of primary evidence on the quantities of
work completed by Yew San when Ley Choon alleged they stopped work. Relevant
witnesses were not before me. This directly affects the assessment of the many
claims and counterclaims brought by the parties. Doing the best I can on the
evidence presented or proceeding on the burden of proof at trial is not always
the most satisfactory means to achieve a just resolution. The absence of
reliable evidence on this whole issue of liquidated damages also causes great
difficulty in assessing these claims. I have had to spend a lot of time
combing through the evidence to look for relevant evidence. A number of
discrete claims are made but there was no evidence on the quantum incurred.
One of these included “nominal damages for the damage to the 6.6 kv HT cable
damaged by Yew San, as may be determined by the Court.” 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

DCS at para 802.

The submissions (voluminous on one side) are, I am sad to say, unhelpful and
contain many general allegations but are short on references, evidence and
relevant or helpful details required to assess claims of this nature in the
building and construction industry. The amounts involved in this dispute do
not justify this full-blown trial. The parties would have been much better off
if this dispute had proceeded to mediation or neutral expert evaluation.

153 That said, I return to the disputes before me. While direct evidence of
the commencement/completion dates from factual witnesses would in the usual
case be the best and most probative evidence of the timing of the delay, it is
not uncommon, where such evidence is unavailable, for parties to lead expert
evidence based on a contemporaneous documentary record of the progress of
works (Keating at para 8-058):

It is common in construction disputes for the parties to lead evidence from
programming experts providing delay analysis and conclusions on the causes and
timing of periods of delay. Technically it might be said that such evidence as
to the factual timing, duration and causes of delay to individual activities
and the completion of the works as a whole represents inadmissible opinion
evidence relating to what are essentially issues of primary or direct fact. To
the extent that programming experts adduce direct factual evidence it is
normally derived from some other source, such as a contemporaneous record of
progress on site or a witness statement from a person actually involved in the
works. Thus it is often the first task of experts instructed by the parties to
seek to agree such primary factual material. The key opinion evidence produced
by a programming expert is usually the location or route of the critical path.
Programming experts also provide opinion evidence concerning the relationships
between the individual activities that made up the works and inferences as to
the timing and causes of delay drawn from the direct evidence. The courts
routinely permit and consider such expert evidence, recognising that such
sophisticated analysis is often necessary in complex cases, although the
usefulness of the same to the central issues of fact that need to be decided
in delay claims is sometimes doubted. [emphasis added]

154 In this case, besides the usual objective contemporaneous documents like
letters and emails (which admittedly are not as numerous in this case as
compared to other construction disputes), there are other objective documents
like minutes of meetings, which involved other parties like CAG and their
consultants, as well as detailed MPRs which were periodically submitted by Ley
Choon to CAG and their consultants. These MPRs contain considerable
contemporaneous and objective evidence. The MPR for June 2010 (6 June to 5
July 2010), dated 6 July 2010, comprised 35 pages. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

IAN-1 at p 343.

The subsequent MPRs for July and August 2010 increased to 41 and 52 pages
respectively. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

IAN-1 at pp 379, 422.

The MPR for June 2011 comprised 57 pages. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

IAN-1 at p 536.

That MPR (as with the other MPRs) contained detailed descriptions of that
month’s “Work Progress”; it contained details not only of the phases of work
being carried out but also broken down to smaller plots identified by
gridlines. To take Phase 1B as an example, there were 13 items which comprised
the earthworks in that phase and it included descriptions like “Laying of sub-
grade 3rd layer (OA 98% 1st layer) at Phase 1B2⁓1B1” and “Laying of sub-grade
2nd layer (OA 95% 2nd layer), at Phase 1B4⁓IB3”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

IAN-1 at pp 544, 559–560.

There were also items that covered Ley Choon’s scope of works. This “Work
Progress” report covered 8 pages and there were 3 pages for the planned work
in the month ahead. In addition, there were:

(a) detailed bar charts for work programmes, with bars for “Actual Schedule”,
“Plan Schedule” and “Progress”; 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

IAN-1 at p 558.

(b) detailed descriptions of items of work broken down into a few hundred
individual items and activities combined with bar charts; (a good example, can
be taken from the MPR for August 2010, dated 7 September 2010, Item 192, which
falls within “Phase 1B (N336.92 to N513.88 [the Northing references]), (E254
to E323 [the Easting references])” reads: “Excavation (Cutting & removal of
soil)”, “20% [Actual % complete]”, “58 days [Duration])”, “Jul 6 ’10 [Start]”,
“ Sep 1 ’10 [Finish]” and followed by a bar chart); 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

IAN-1 at p 444.

(c) drawings (complete with gridline references) showing the works being
carried out for the month with colour coding for the various layers completed
and with descriptions; 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

IAN-1 at pp 571–576.

and

(d) strategic photographs of the work carried out or in progress with an
accompanying plan showing the location from which the photographs were taken
and the direction in which the camera was pointed. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

IAN-1 at pp 577–589.

There was accordingly sufficient evidence from which certain conclusions could
be drawn.

155 In its closing submissions, Yew San, citing Khoo Bee Keong v Ang Chun Hong
and another [2005] SGHC 128 at [78], argued “if the cross-examiner can show
that the facts on which the expert relies are unreliable, his conclusions will
not be acceptable”. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

PCS at para 124.

However, Yew San never criticised the accuracy of the documentary base relied
on by Mr Ness. On the contrary, Mr Ong’s cross-examination of Mr Koh seemed to
suggest that he was content to proceed on the basis that the MPRs contained
accurate and reliable data on the status of the works: 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Tr/27.09.17/70/15–19.

Q: Would you agree with me that the contents, description and statements in
the progress reports was a true and accurate reflection of the status of the
progress of works in this project?

A: Yes.

156 In light of the foregoing, there can be no objection taken on principle to
Mr Ness’ reliance on the MPRs and other contemporaneous documents, in arriving
at his conclusions on the duration of the delay. What weight it should be
given is another matter and it would be up to Mr Ong, if he wished to or could
do so, to show, by cross-examination, that Mr Ness’ reliance on the various
documents was wrong. This reliance is relevant considering that Yew San itself
preferred dates extrapolated from the MPRs where those dates were more
favourable than the evidence given by Yew San’s own factual witness, Mr Leo.
In relation to the works in Phase 3, Mr Leo’s evidence was that Yew San had
commenced work as early as August or September 2010. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Tr/21.09.17/10.

Yet, Yew San’s position in its closing submissions was that the date “to be
adopted is 9 April 2011 as shown in the Construction Schedule [of the MPR]”.
177

##### Foot Note 177

×

PCS at para 144.

Alleged failure to consider other sources of delay

157 Yew San’s second charge against Mr Ness is that his methodology makes no
room for consideration of other sources of delay that might have contributed
to the overall delay, such as a delay in the spreading, levelling, compaction
and inspection of the sub-grade layers. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

PCS at paras 105, 107.

While Yew San accept that its excavation works were a critical event, so was
the spreading, levelling, compaction and inspection of the layers within the
sub-grade construction works; Mr Ness did not consider if the delay in Ley
Choon’s sub-grade works that was the operative cause of the overall delay. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

PCS at paras 110–115.

Instead, Mr Ness had assumed that a delay in Yew San’s works would
automatically lead to an equivalent delay in the overall works. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Tr/13.02.18/81/2–8.

158 Mr Ness says that that is no mere assumption, but was true as a matter of
“construction logic”. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Tr/13.02.18/83/10–16; IAN-1 at p 46 at para 151.

The excavation to formation level is the critical activity to the start of any
other activity in that area; no other work could commence until Yew San’s
excavation in that area was complete. It therefore followed that any delay in
the earthworks would automatically result in a corresponding delay to any
downstream works. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Tr/13.02.18/82/16–24.

When Mr Ong suggested that other delays might have been the predominant cause
of the overall delay, Mr Ness disagreed in the following terms: 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Tr/13/.02.18/79–80.

Q: My question is, you must first establish if in fact Yew San’s delay caused
the delay in the overall completion of the works… because there could have
been other works that was the predominant cause of the delay in the overall
completion of the respective phases in this project. Agree?

A: No, I don’t agree, no. The issue is that every single part of this job, the
first part has to be the removal of the topsoil and the excavation, that is
throughout the work. If that work is delayed, the subsequent follow-on work is
delayed.

Q: Agree. …

159 At trial, Mr Ong suggested that Ley Choon’s other civil works (eg,
construction of drainage) could have contributed to the overall delay because
they did not commence only when Yew San had completed the whole of the
excavation works in a phase, but were commenced “concurrently” with the
earthworks. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Tr/13.02.18/82/2–13.

While it was true that the excavation and civil works were in progress
“concurrently” in the sense that both types of works were underway within the
same phase, the point remains that the civil works could only commence in
those areas where the earthworks had been completed. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Tr/14.02.18/72/7–22.

Mr Ong then asserted that some of Ley Choon’s civil works were independent of
the completion of Yew San’s excavation works, but was unable to point to any
example of work that was not dependent on Yew San first completing its
excavation works. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Tr/13.02.18/84–85, 108–109.

160 Finally, Yew San also asserts that Ley Choon’s delays in the compaction of
the subgrade caused delay to Yew San’s works. This is because the sub-grade
had to be constructed in layers; Yew San, or so it argues, had to wait for Ley
Choon to finish compaction of each lower layer before it could continue to
filling works. But this contention is without basis. Yew San was not able to
put forward any evidence to show that there were in fact delays in the
compaction works. In fact, as Mr Ness pointed out, there was never a situation
where Yew San’s trucks were lined up and ready to dump the suitable material
for the fill operation; rather, the critical driver of the works was Yew San’s
(insufficient) provision of trucks (to carry excavated material away, and to
carry out the fill where required): 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Tr/13.02.18/100/6–17. See also Tr/13.02.18/44/1–4.

Court: And am I correct to say actually there’s no complete evidence of that,
like when the first 250 layer started, when the compaction started, when the
compaction ended, and then when the next 250 layer started?

A: Correct, sir. That is why the graph at appendix M shows that the critical
driver was that volume of trucks. If compaction is holding up the earthworks,
it means that the amount of trucks that’s delivering it is going to have a big
pile of material waiting to be compacted, which Mr Koh addressed and said
there were no occasions where that happened.

161 Mr Ness’ view is not without basis. Mr Ness produced a table at Exhibit
D10 from which a graphical presentation of the planned and actual quantities
of Yew San’s work were juxtaposed. The planned quantities of work were stated
as the total volume of earth which needed to be filled or excavated as part of
Yew San’s earthworks, and was derived from a figure adopted by Yew San itself
in all of its progress claims – 503,878m3, rounded up to 504,000m3 in Exhibit
D10. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

IAN-1 at para 182.

The actual quantities of work were derived from Mr Ness’ analysis of Yew San’s
lorry chits, which, given the average lorry load of 6m3, provided some insight
into the volume of earth ultimately moved by Yew San. What the graph in
Exhibit D10 shows is that there was always a significant gap between the
actual and planned quantities of work. In other words, Yew San’s pace of work
was always slower than the pace required if it were to complete those works on
time.

162 In a similar vein, Mr Koh’s evidence, which I accept, was that he did not,
on any of his site visits, ever observe that Ley Choon’s compaction works were
holding up Yew San’s work, nor was he ever told the same by any of Ley Choon’s
or Yew San’s staff: 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

KSG-1 at paras 63–64.

63\. I can say that at no times on my visits did I see piles of Yew San’s
tipped material awaiting spreading. None of the [Ley Choon] site staff or any
of Yew San’s on-site staff ever informed me that Yew San had piles of suitable
material waiting to be spread.

64\. At no time do I recall that were any failures in the fill to achieve the
required compaction such that we had to stop or slow down the delivery of
suitable material from Yew San. …

163 I also note that there is no evidence that CAG complained that Ley Choon’s
spreading, levelling, compaction and inspection of the sub-grade layers was
slow or behind schedule or that there were insufficient bulldozers and rollers
on site. That would have been an inevitable consequence if the spreading,
levelling, compaction and inspection of the sub-grade were slow or delaying
construction.

Alleged misapplication of cl 3.1 of the Agreement

164 In his expert report, Mr Ness assessed Yew San’s liability for liquidated
damages at $468,000.00 for delays in Phase 1B and $345,000.00 for delays in
Phase 2A. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

IAN-1 at p 60, para 192.

These sums exceed the quantum of liquidated damages imposed by CAG on Ley
Choon for those phases. Since cl 3.1 of the Agreement is an indemnity
provision, Yew San argues that the fact that Mr Ness’ assessed amount exceeded
the sums actually imposed by CAG shows that Mr Ness had “misapplied Clause 3.1
of the Agreement” and that he “does not understand the purport and intention
of the parties”. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

PCS at para 101.

165 Ley Choon accepts that Ley Choon’s entitlement to be indemnified cannot
exceed the extent of Ley Choon’s own liability to CAG. Its position is that
this was an oversight on Mr Ness’ part, and not an example of a flaw in his
analysis. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

DRS at paras 212–213.

166 I agree. Mr Ness’ first expert report was dated 1 February 2017 (“the
first report”). Following the exchange of AEICs, Mr Ness prepared a revised
version of his expert report dated 13 July 2017 (“the updated report”). This
is exhibited in Mr Ness’ AEIC dated 14 July 2017. In Appendices F and G to the
first report, Mr Ness calculated the liquidated damages payable for Phases 1B
and 2A as $291,000.00 and $271,400.00 respectively. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

IAN-1 at pp 279, 286.

However, it later transpired that the EOT for soil exchange ought not to be
passed down to Yew San since the soil exchange was not part of Yew San’s
earthworks. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

IAN-1 at pp 59–60.

Since the CAG documents specify the duration of EOT given for soil exchange,
the EOT “passed down” to Yew San was decreased by the duration of EOT awarded
for the soil exchange, and the Yew San’s liability for the liquidated damages
was subsequently increased, subject to a cap equal to the actual sum of
liquidated damages actually imposed by CAG (see [142(c)] above). 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

IAN-1 pp 332–333 (Appendix O).

While the cap was correctly accounted for in Appendix O, the cap was omitted
in the main body of the updated report, which reflected Yew San’s liability as
$468,000.00 and $345,000.00 for the two phases.

167 I do not think that this demonstrates any flaw in Mr Ness’ methodology;
rather, it is an instance where the methodology was applied without a cap as
required by the indemnity in cl 3.1 of the Agreement. In any case, at no point
during his two-day cross-examination was it put to Mr Ness that his failure to
cap Yew San’s liability constituted or revealed a flaw in his methodology.

168 I wish to briefly return to the point made at [166] above regarding the
EOT for soil exchange, which was given entirely to Ley Choon, and was not
passed down to Yew San. The reason for this is that the soil exchange works
(which, as mentioned, were undertaken by Ley Choon) did not affect Yew San’s
earthworks, which, as stated at [143] above, were the only works that were
taken into account for the purposes of Mr Ness’ delay analysis (Options A and
B). This is because the soil exchange occurs at the formation level. Soil at
the formation level had to be compacted to 90% of AASHTO density, and if the
soil at formation level could not be compacted to that density, it had to be
excavated, and exchanged or substituted with other suitable material. As such,
soil exchange works are only done after the earthworks (ie, after the area has
been cut or filled to formation level), and before the sub-grade works
(because the sub-grade layers sit on the formation level). It stands to reason
then that the soil exchange works could not have caused any delay to the
earthworks because the soil exchange works come after the earthworks on the
critical path. While the soil exchange works could potentially have caused
delay to the sub-grade works (because it comes before the sub-grade layers are
laid), this contingency is not of concern because, as mentioned, Mr Ness’
analysis of Yew San’s delay did not include Yew San’s work on the sub-grade
layers. For this reason, the soil exchange works could not have affected the
delay attributable to Yew San, and as such, any EOT awarded in respect of the
soil exchange works need not be passed down to Yew San.

169 Having dealt with Yew San’s general objections to Mr Ness’ methodology, I
turn now to the analysis of his assessment of the duration of delay and the
award of EOT for each phase.

Delay and EOT analysis

170 In brief, Mr Ness’ methodology (outlined in full at [142] above) for
determining the proportion of liquidated damages attributable to Yew San is as
follows:

(a) Determine the total duration of delay by reference to the commencement and
completion dates of the work in each phase. As noted at [143] above, the
completion dates adopted by Mr Ness pertained to the completion of Yew San’s
earthworks only, and not its fill works in relation to the sub-grade layers
(Options A and B).

(b) Subtract from the total duration of delay the period of excusable delay.
This includes periods of delay (i) established to have been caused by Ley
Choon; or (ii) for which Mr Ness assesses that EOT was likely to have been
awarded by CAG.

(c) The remaining delay is the duration of delay attributable to Yew San, for
which Yew San is liable according to the daily rate of liquidated damages
payable for each phase.

171 As was previously mentioned, the relevant phases which are the subject of
the Indemnity Counterclaim are Phases 1B, 2A, 3 and 4. I shall deal with each
in turn.

(1) Phase 1B

172 Both parties accept that the commencement date of Yew San’s works at Phase
1B was 21 June 2010. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

PCS at para 166; DCS at para 463; DRS at para 377; IAN-1 at p 244, para 25;
Tr/20.09.17/59–60; 3.AB 1563.

173 Based on the MPR for June 2011, Mr Ness adopted 30 June 2011 as the
completion date for the works at Phase 1B. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

DCS at para 464; IAN-1 at p 250, para 53.

As was earlier mentioned, this completion date was based on the completion of
the earthworks, and not the sub-grade works. Mr Ness relied on, amongst other
things, the plan for Phase 1B in the June 2011 MPR, which showed that the
earthworks had been completed. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

IAN-1 at p 572.

174 In other words, the total time taken to complete the Phase 1B works was
374 days. Given that Yew San were to complete the works within eight weeks of
commencement, 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

PCS at para 166; DRS at para 377; 1.AB 11.

that means that Yew San’s works in Phase 1B were in delay by 318 days.

175 As for the appropriate EOT to be awarded, Mr Ness’ initial assessment was
that 221 days of EOT (out of the total of 311 days awarded by CAG to Ley
Choon) related to Yew San’s work and ought to be “passed down”. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

IAN-1 at p 60 at para 192; p 277, paras 52–55; p 333.

Of this, 78 days were awarded for soil exchange, which was subsequently found
not to be part of Yew San’s work. Although 78 days’ delay ought to be added,
Mr Ness only added 49 days (or $147,000.00 at $3,000.00 per day) due to the
cap on Yew San’s liability under the indemnity, resulting in a final sum of
$438,000.00 for Phase 1B. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

IAN-1 at p 333.

176 Yew San does not dispute the correctness of Mr Ness’ assessment of the
duration of the delay in Phase 1B. Rather, it argues that a further 121 days’
EOT ought to have been granted. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

PCS at para 179.

177 This submission itself belies some confusion as to how cl 3.1 of the
Agreement ought to be applied. Mr Ness’ role is not to make a fresh award of
EOT, but to give his opinion, based on Ley Choon’s EOT applications and CAG’s
grants of EOT, on the proportion of the EOT eventually granted that ought to
be “passed down” to Yew San. Mr Ness cannot “grant to [Yew San] an extension
of time” based on some additional event proposed by Yew San, 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

PCS at para 179.

and Yew San is misguided to the extent that it requests a finding to that
effect. Applying cl 3.1 of the Agreement, the key issue is whether the delay
is attributable to Yew San. I therefore proceed on the basis that the thrust
of Yew San’s submission is that 121 days’ delay is not attributable to Yew
San.

178 Yew San offers two reasons (neither of which were put to Mr Ness): (i) Yew
San was not timeously given possession of the worksite, 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

PCS at paras 175, 177.

and (ii) Yew San’s failure to complete its works within the duration specified
was “caused by [Ley Choon’s] planned sequence of works”. Ley Choon’s own
planned commencement date for Phase 1B4 (the last of four sub-phases of Phase
1B) was 21 September 2010, meaning that, given the planned duration of eight
weeks, Yew San could only complete the works at Phase 1B on 15 December 2010.
Therefore the delay from the period 16 August 2010 (being the original,
contractual completion date) to 15 December 2010 (being the earliest date Yew
San could actually complete the works, given the late commencement date of
Phase 1B4) cannot be attributed to Yew San. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

PCS at paras 178–180.

179 With respect to the first reason, while Yew San makes an oblique reference
to Ley Choon’s site clearance and cable detection works (both of which had to
be completed before Yew San’s earthworks could begin), 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

PCS at paras 168–169.

no allegation was made that Phase 1B was not timeously provided to Yew San
because the site clearance or cable detection works were actually in delay,
much less refer to any evidence proving the same. Cable detection works are a
different process from cable diversion. I should add that at trial, a major
issue was whether the removal of the HT Cable had caused Yew San delays to
their works. Mr Ness’ answer, which I accept, was that Yew San had a lot of
work remaining in delay even before it reached the HT Cable. His secondary
point was that the removal of the HT Cable only involved a narrow corridor of
4m on either side of the cable. This point was not pursued by Yew San in its
submissions. It was also never suggested to Mr Ness that cable detection works
were the source of delay.

180 Turning to the second reason, Yew San’s reference to the schedules in the
MPR were to the planned programmes. The fact that certain sub-phases were
planned to commence later than the contractually stipulated date suggests that
there had been delays to the progress of the works, but does not indicate
culpability for the delay. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

DRS at paras 410, 414.

The mere fact that Ley Choon had planned for Phase 1B4 to commence at a later
date is not proof that the delay ought to lie at Ley Choon’s door. In any
case, the evidence appears to suggest that even if possession of Phase 1B4 was
handed to Yew San earlier, Yew San still had uncompleted work at Phases 1B1,
1B2 and 1B3 such that a late handover of Phase 1B4 would not have made a
difference. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

DRS at paras 438–442; 3.AB 1757, 1771–1772, 1821.

181 In the circumstances, I do not accept Yew San’s submission that an
additional 121 days of delay was not attributable to it. On balance, I adopt
Mr Ness’ assessment and find that Yew San is liable for $438,000.00 of the
liquidated damages imposed by CAG on Ley Choon pursuant to cl 3.1 of the
Agreement.

(2) Phase 2A

182 Mr Ness assessed that the commencement date for Yew San’s works in Phase
2A was 21 June 2010. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

IAN-1 at pp 252–253, paras 60–63.

According to Mr Ness, the MPR for August 2010 states that Phase 2A earthworks
started on 21 June 2010. However, what is actually stated is that earthworks
had commenced at Phase 1B. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

3.AB 1563.

In relation to Phase 2A, it was the “[c]learing of site” at Phase 2A that had
begun on 21 June 2010. It is undisputed that site clearance is Ley Choon’s
responsibility. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Tr/07.02.18/15/4–6.

Mr Ness also referred to the minutes of meeting on 5 October 2010, 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

7.AB 4013, item 2.5.1.

but that only states that the commencement date of Phase 2A as a whole was 21
June 2010, without saying when the excavation had commenced.

183 Yew San’s position is that the earthworks at Phase 2A commenced only on 15
August 2010, 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

PCS at para 186.

based on the MPR for August 2010, which states that “[e]arthworks in Phase 2A
(Land Side) Phase 1 (For Taxiway Area)” had started on 15 August 2010. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

3.AB 1576, item 259.

While this document was not put to Mr Ness, Mr Ness had himself referred to it
in response to Mr Ong’s suggestion that Yew San’s earthworks commenced on a
date later than 21 June 2010. Mr Ness opined that the earthworks had not
commenced because Yew San itself had placed stockpiles on the area to be cut,
215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Tr/13.02.18/151/1–18.

referring to the MPR for August 2010, which states that the removal of the
stockpiles had commenced on 19 July 2010. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

3.AB 1576, item 250.

184 In my judgment, the date when Yew San began to remove the stockpiles from
Phase 2A, viz, 19 July 2010, ought to be adopted as the commencement date. Mr
Ness’ adoption of 21 June 2010 as the commencement date is not borne out by
the documentary evidence that he referred to. Mr Ness’ evidence under cross-
examination was that even before excavation could commence, the stockpiles of
earth that Yew San had placed on the worksite had to be removed. I accept that
this task forms part of Yew San’s earthworks. The documents that Mr Ness
referred to at trial show that the removal work had begun, at the earliest, on
19 July 2010.

185 Ley Choon further argues that since the MPR for July 2010 states that sub-
grade works were already underway, that must mean that at least some of the
excavation works had commenced and been completed by July 2010. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

DRS at paras 477–478.

However, while the narrative lists “[l]aying of OA 95% 1st layer” as part of
the works in progress, 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

3.AB 1518.

the construction programme itself states that none of the sub-grade works had
commenced. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

3.AB 1528, items 257–259.

Ley Choon also refers to various photographs purporting to show that the sub-
grade work was in progress in the month of July 2010, 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

3.AB 1538–1539.

but none of these photographs were put to any of the witnesses, nor did Mr
Ness refer to them in his AEIC.

186 In the circumstances, I find that, on balance, the commencement date of
Yew San’s earthworks at Phase 2A was 19 July 2010.

187 I turn now to the completion date of Phase 2A. Yew San claims that it had
“substantially completed” its earthworks by 5 November 2010 on the basis that
the sub-grade construction works were underway by that date. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

PCS at paras 189, 191, 214.

I am unable to accept this submission. It does not follow from the fact that
some sub-grade work was in progress that therefore substantially all the
earthworks were complete. As stated above, this site is very large. The works
in general were performed progressively; sub-grade works could start in a
particular area so long as the earthworks in that area were complete. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

DRS at para 482.

In any case, Yew San’s submission is contradicted by the documentary evidence.
The MPR for November 2010 shows that the earthworks for the landside portion
of Phase 2A1 was still only 75% complete at that time. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

DRS at para 485; 3.AB 1760, item 9.

Completion was only achieved sometime between 5 February 2011 and 5 March
2011. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

DRS at para 486; 4.AB 1945, item 9.

188 Mr Ness adopted 5 August 2012 as the completion date of Yew San’s works.
According to Mr Ness, the MPR for July 2012 shows that excavation works were
still taking place at that time. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

IAN-1 at p 254, para 70.

189 Yew San’s position is that since it had left the site by 18 February 2012,
it should not be held liable for delay to works taken over by Ley Choon after
that date. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

PCS at para 217.

Under cross-examination, Mr Ness accepted that if Ley Choon took a greater
amount of time than what Yew San should have taken in completing the works
taken over, that delay would not be attributable to Yew San: 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Tr/13.02.18/155/20 – 156/16.

Q: What I’m saying is that if Ley Choon did the works and Ley Choon themselves
had delayed or completed those works late, then would you agree with me that
in respect of LAD you cannot push any liability for LAD for works, for delay
of works carried out after 18 February 2012 to Yew San?

A: I think the issue of Ley Choon taking over Yew San’s work is a question of
whether or not Ley Choon took an inordinate – or a greater amount of time than
what Yew San should have taken. If they took over and said there was 20 days
to go and they took 200 days, then that would be, clearly – without an
extension of time justification, that would be not attributable to Yew San…
But if Yew San left, let us say, 20 days’ worth of work there and Ley Choon
took it over and finished it in 20 days, that would appear to be the
responsibility of Yew San not finishing that work. But that is purely a legal
issue about who took over, and what the ramifications of that leaving the site
is.

190 As the claimant in the counterclaim, Ley Choon has the burden of proving
that the delay is attributable to Yew San. According to Mr Ness, the delay
after Ley Choon took over the works cannot be attributed to Yew San if Ley
Choon “took an inordinate – or a greater amount of time than what Yew San
should have taken”. However, Ley Choon did not adduce any evidence of the
quantity of work it had taken over from Yew San nor the time that Yew San
would have had to complete those works. It is therefore not possible to
determine if Ley Choon had added to the duration of delay in the time it was
working on Yew San’s incomplete works. In the circumstances, I find that the
time taken to complete the earthworks after Ley Choon had taken over ought not
to be taken into account.

191 Exactly when Ley Choon had taken over the works is also far from clear on
the evidence before me. Certainly, there was no indication as to when and what
work items had been taken over by Ley Choon in each phase. Rather, Mr Leo’s
evidence was that Yew San had completed most of its excavation works by 18
February 2012, though Yew San was still transferring soil from Phase 3 to
Phase 4 in March and April 2012. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Tr/20.09.17/92–93.

In the circumstances, seeing as Yew San’s work after 18 February 2012 appears
to be confined to internal transfer of soil not involving Phase 2A, having
considered all the evidence, I am prepared, on balance, to adopt 18 February
2012 as the date after which most of Yew San’s works at Phase 2A had been
taken over by Ley Choon.

192 Therefore, the time taken to complete the works after 18 February 2012
ought not to be considered part of Yew San’s delay. I accept that as far as
Yew San is concerned, the completion date of its works in Phase 2A was 18
February 2012.

193 Yew San further argued that Mr Ness had failed to account for two events
of delay caused by Ley Choon.

194 The first concerns the realignment of a boundary fence. Yew San argues
that the period between 5 November 2010 to 5 January 2011 ought not to be
attributed to Yew San as delay in the works because Yew San was unable to work
in this period because a boundary fence had not been realigned. A boundary
fence divided Phase 2A1 into the “landside” and “airside”. The fence was due
to be shifted such as to “convert” what used to be the airside into a landside
portion. According to Yew San, it could only start work at the airside portion
of Phase 2A1 after the fence had been shifted on 5 January 2011. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

PCS at paras 193–197, 215–216.

195 In reply, Ley Choon argues firstly that the fence could not have held up
Yew San’s works since Yew San’s landside earthworks were already in delay; the
works within landside portion of Phase 2A (which undisputedly remained
unaffected by the fence) had not been completed even after the fence was
shifted in January 2011. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

DRS at paras 493–494.

The work of “[r]emoval of turf” remained to be completed in the month
following 5 January 2011. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

3.AB 1826.

Secondly, airside works could be commenced even before the realignment of the
fence, as long as a safety distance from aircraft operating in the area was
observed. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

DCS at para 554.

While Mr Koh admitted that there might be “some impact on the movement of
trucks”, he explained that there was no great difficulty and that trucks could
access the airside via an access gate, though inspections might be carried
out. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

DRS at para 495; Tr/07.02.18/23–27.

In fact, some night work was indeed carried out on the airside portion of
Phase 2A1; 10% of the earthworks had been completed by 5 December 2010. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

DCS at para 554; DRS at para 497; 3.AB 1760, item 49.

I therefore do not accept Yew San’s submission that its works were delayed by
the realignment of the boundary fence.

196 The second argument raised by Yew San concerns the soil exchange. Yew San
says that Mr Ness had failed to take into account the fact that soil
conditions at Phase 2A1 were unsuitable for compaction, necessitating the
process of soil exchange, whereby unsuitable material is substituted with
suitable material. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

PCS at paras 199, 211.

However, the soil exchange took place at formation level; in other words, it
could not have affected Yew San’s excavation since it took place after Yew San
had excavated to formation level (see [168] above). 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

DRS at para 502.

I therefore reject Yew San’s submissions that its works were delayed by the
soil exchange works.

197 To recap, Yew San’s works had commenced on 19 July 2010 and were completed
when it left the site on 18 February 2012. The total time taken to complete
the Phase 2A earthworks was therefore 579 days. Given that Yew San had 12
weeks (or 84 days) to complete the works, 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

1.AB 11.

that means that Yew San’s works in Phase 2A were in delay by 495 days. Mr
Ness’ assessment that 120 days’ EOT ought to be passed down to Yew San 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

IAN-1 at p 284, paras 20–21.

was not challenged by Yew San. Therefore, Yew San were culpably late by 375
days. However, seeing as only 59 days’ liquidated damages were eventually
imposed on Ley Choon by CAG, the maximum extent of Yew San’s liability in
respect of Phase 2A is therefore capped at $271,400.00.

(3) Phase 3

198 Mr Ness had originally assessed that the commencement date for Phase 3
earthworks was 2 August 2010. In the updated report, he reviewed his
assessment and adopted 10 January 2011 as the commencement date instead, on
the basis of the minutes of meetings on 21 December 2010 and 15 March 2011.
239

##### Foot Note 239

×

IAN-1 at p 257, para 86; 7.AB 4034, 4041.

199 Yew San’s position is that the commencement date of its works at Phase 3
was 9 April 2011. It points to item 2.5.3 of the minutes of meeting on 21
December 2010, which states that the earthworks would be commenced after the
fence diversion had been completed. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

7.AB 4034.

According to the MPR for April 2011, the fence diversion was completed on 10
April 2011 and “Excavation (cutting until the subgrade level) (2nd part)”
commenced on 9 April 2011. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

4.AB 2066, item 18.

200 Ley Choon’s reply is that there is no evidence that Yew San’s excavation
works were in any way affected by the fence diversion. The diagrammatic
progress plan in the MPR for February 2011 shows that the fence diversion work
(dotted in purple) was carried out simultaneously with the excavation work
(shaded in yellow). 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

DRS at para 287(iii); 4.AB 1959.

Ley Choon pointed to several examples of excavation works that were underway
well before the fence diversion was completed on 10 April 2011. For example,
the MPRs for January and February 2011 state that “Excavation (cutting) and
transport of good soil to Phase 1B and Phase 4 compacted backfilling area”
were in progress during the period 6 January 2011 to 5 March 2011. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

DRS at para 287; 3.AB 1887; 4.AB 1933.

Topsoil removal, too, was in progress in February 2011. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

4.AB 1951, item 8.

In the 21 December 2010 minutes that Yew San itself referred to, item 2.5.4
states that “removal of excess earth from the site” was in progress. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

7AB 4034.

201 In fact, Mr Leo’s evidence under cross-examination was that Yew San had
commenced work at Phase 3 much earlier – on 1 September 2010. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

DRS at paras 276–278; Tr/21.09.17/17/8–12.

Yew San’s own Progress Claim No 3 dated 11 October 2010 for work done as at 30
September 2011 claims that 46,800m3 of excavation work had been done at Phase
3. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

DRS at para 279; 8.AB 4138–4139; Tr/14.02.18/24–25.

This suggests that the works were commenced far ahead of schedule, since the
Phase 3 works were originally slated to begin only on 15 January 2011
according to Appendix C1 of the Agreement. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

1.AB 11.

202 However, this is a claim for an indemnity against liquidated damages
imposed by CAG, and since CAG had adopted 10 January 2011 as the commencement
date for the purpose of the imposition of liquidated damages, 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

3.AB 1456.

Mr Ness quite rightly adopted that date, even if the evidence tended to
suggest that the works were in fact commenced earlier. I therefore adopt and
find 10 January 2011 to be the commencement date of Yew San’s works at Phase
3.

203 Regarding the completion date of Phase 3, Yew San says that it had
substantially completed the works by 5 October 2011. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

PCS at para 153.

That position is untenable since Yew San’s own pleaded case is that it
completed its Phase 3 works on or around 18 February 2012. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 9(j).

In any case, it is, in my view, quite clear that the works had not been
completed by 5 October 2011. Yew San itself admits as much in its closing
submissions, stating that there was a portion of Phase 3 that remained
unexcavated as at 5 October 2011. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

PCS at para 148.

Yew San’s own Progress Claim No 7 dated 18 October 2011 for work done up to 17
October 2011 claimed that 75% of the excavation works had been completed,
leaving 25% outstanding. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

DRS at para 307; 8.AB 4143–4144.

Progress Claim No 8 dated 23 December 2011 for work done up to 22 December
2011 claims only 80% work completed. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

DRS at para 309; 8.AB 4145–4146.

204 Mr Ness adopted 6 March 2012 as the completion date of the earthworks at
Phase 3. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

IAN-1 at p 261, para 105.

The first MPR to record the Phase 3 earthworks as complete was the MPR for
March 2012, which tracked the progress of works between 6 March 2012 and 5
April 2012. As such, the earliest date on which the earthworks could have been
completed was 6 March 2012. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

IAN-1 at pp 260–261, paras 103–105.

205 Yew San further argues that it had left the site by 18 February 2012, and
that if there was any delay in its works, the delay was not caused by Yew San.
257

##### Foot Note 257

×

PCS at para 153.

However, as was discussed above at [191], Mr Leo admitted that Yew San
remained involved in the transfer of soil excavated at Phase 3 to the fill
area at Phase 4 up till March or April 2012.

206 I therefore find that the completion date of Yew San’s works at Phase 3
was 6 March 2012.

207 In sum, Yew San’s works had commenced on 10 January 2011 and were
completed on 6 March 2012. The total time taken to complete the Phase 3
earthworks was therefore 421 days. Given that Yew San had 25 weeks (or 175
days) to complete the works, 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

1.AB 11.

Yew San’s works at Phase 3 were in delay by 246 days. Mr Ness’ assessment that
116 days’ EOT ought to be passed down to Yew San 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

IAN-1 at p 328.

went unchallenged by Yew San. Therefore, Yew San were culpably late by 130
days. The liquidated damages imposed by CAG were $3,400.00 per day for Phase
3. As such, Yew San’s liability to Ley Choon under the indemnity in respect of
Phase 3 is $442,000.00.

(4) Phase 4

208 The parties agree that the commencement date of Yew San’s works at Phase 4
was 21 March 2011. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

PCS at para 157; DCS at para 632; IAN-1 at p 328.

This was the date adopted by CAG in its minutes of meeting of 15 March 2011.
261

##### Foot Note 261

×

IAN-1 at p 328; 7.AB 4042.

209 As to the date of completion, Mr Ness adopts 5 May 2012 as the date of
completion of the earthworks based on the MPRs for April 2012 and May 2012.
262

##### Foot Note 262

×

IAN-1, p 266, para 130.

In its closing submissions, Yew San did not dispute the completion date
adopted by Mr Ness. Instead, it submitted that it is not liable for the CAG-
imposed liquidated damages because: 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

PCS at para 163.

(a) the delay in Phase 4 was caused by Ley Choon’s slow rate of compaction
works; 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

PCS at paras 159–162.

and

(b) Yew San left the site in or around March 2012, and therefore should not be
held responsible for any delay after that date.

210 Yew San’s first ground of objection is that it cannot be held liable for
any delay because its work of dumping the soil into the fill area at Phase 4
was held up by the slow pace of Ley Choon’s compaction works at that phase.
However, Mr Koh’s unchallenged evidence was that there was never a situation
whereby Ley Choon could not spread and compact the dumped material such that
Yew San had to hold back on its filling works. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

DRS at para 346; KSG-1 at paras 63–65.

Mr Koh was present at the site at least two times a day, and at no time did he
observe stockpiles of dumped material awaiting spreading, nor was he ever
informed by any of Yew San’s staff of the same. If such a situation had
developed, the operations manager would have given instructions to Yew San to
stop or slow down its delivery of suitable fill material, but no such
instructions were ever given.

211 In fact, Yew San was unable to point to any evidence to substantiate its
allegation that the compaction works at Phase 4 were “slow”. Yew San’s point
was that the CAG inspections of the compacted material would have taken quite
some time, but the “Request for Inspection of Work” forms 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

14.AB 8642 – 49.AB 35096.

show that the vast majority of these inspections were conducted and passed
within a matter of hours on the same day. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

KSG-1 at para 64; Tr/14.02.18/59/1–7.

212 I turn to Yew San’s second ground of objection. As was discussed in
relation to the delay analysis for Phase 2A, I adopt the most favourable view
to Yew San, viz, that the duration of the works after Yew San left the site
ought not to be counted against it as any delay within that period would not
be “attributable” to Yew San within the meaning of cl 3.1 of the Agreement
(see [190] above). Mr Leo’s unchallenged evidence was that his work at Phases
3 and 4 continued until “[s]ometime in March, April [2012]” before Mr Yap, the
project manager from Ley Choon, told him that Yew San could leave (see [191]
and [205] above). 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

Tr/21.09.18/20–21.

Mr Leo did not state the precise date on which he left. In the circumstances,
I shall adopt 1 April 2012 as the date on which Yew San completed its works at
Phase 4.

213 To conclude, Yew San’s earthworks had commenced on 21 March 2011, and, at
least as far as Yew San was concerned, were completed on 1 April 2012. The
total time taken to complete the Phase 4 earthworks was therefore 377 days.
Given that Yew San had 20 weeks (or 140 days) to complete its works, 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

1.AB 11.

Yew San’s works at Phase 4 were in delay by 237 days. Mr Ness’ assessment that
150 days’ EOT ought to be passed down to Yew San 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

IAN-1 at p 329.

was not challenged by Yew San. Therefore, Yew San were culpably late by 87
days. The liquidated damages imposed by CAG were $6,500.00 per day for Phase
4. Therefore, Yew San’s liability to Ley Choon under the indemnity in respect
of Phase 4 is $565,500.00.

Conclusion

214 Based on the foregoing, I allow the Indemnity Counterclaim in the sum of
$1,716,900.00, being:

(a) $438,000.00 in respect of the delay in Phase 1B;

(b) $271,400.00 in respect of the delay in Phase 2A;

(c) $442,000.00 in respect of the delay in Phase 3; and

(d) $565,500.00 in respect of the delay in Phase 4.

The Prolongation Costs Counterclaim

215 Ley Choon counterclaims for staff prolongation costs that would not have
been incurred but for Yew San’s delay. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

DCS at p 453.

216 Yew San argues that to allow the Prolongation Costs Counterclaim would be
to allow Ley Choon a double claim. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

PCS at paras 75–76.

I disagree. The two claims are distinct and address different losses suffered
by Ley Choon. The Prolongation Costs Counterclaim addresses loss directly
incurred as a result of Yew San’s delay, whereas the Indemnity Counterclaim
addresses an indirect loss suffered in the form of liquidated damages imposed
by CAG on Ley Choon. The Indemnity Counterclaim is not itself a claim for
liquidated damages. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

DRS at paras 163–164.

217 The prolongation cost per day was assessed at $4,025.37 by Mr Koh, Ley
Choon’s site engineer, and Ms Reanne Toh Ting Xuan (“Ms Toh”), a contract
manager with Ley Choon. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

KSG-1 at para 120, pp 299–300; Reanne Toh Ting Xuan’s 1st AEIC dated 3 July
2017 at paras 18–22, pp 356–358.

This figure comprised exclusively of staff costs. Mr Koh and Ms Toh’s evidence
on the prolongation cost was not challenged by Mr Ong at trial. Ms Toh was not
cross-examined. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

Tr/09.02.18/32/16–19.

218 The duration of the prolongation is a rather more vexed point. Mr Ness’
opinion on the duration of the prolongation is set out at paras 203 to 212 of
the updated report. He explained that the delay on the earlier phases has
little impact on Ley Choon’s staff costs since the staff would have been
working on the later phases anyway. The real additional costs are only
incurred after the planned completion date under the Main Contract. 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

IAN-1 at p 64, paras 204–206.

219 Mr Ness then referred to his calculations at Appendices H, I and N of the
updated report, and stated that the duration of the prolongation ought to be
the number of days which Yew San was found to be in culpable delay (ie, the
total delay less EOT granted). 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

IAN-1 at p 65, para 210–211.

I am, with respect, unable to agree.

220 In this context, the prolongation costs refer to the overhead costs that
would not have been incurred by the main contractor but for the delay of its
subcontractor. As Mr Ness had explained, the starting point must be the
planned completion date, for that is the date up to which the main contractor
would have had to incur the overhead costs anyway, even if there had been no
delay at all. Taking into account the EOT granted by CAG in respect of Phase
4, the final extended planned completion date of the overall works was 2
August 2012. 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

3.AB 1457.

The final actual completion date of the works at Phase 4 was 6 April 2013. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

Tr/09.02.18/23–24; 3.AB 1433.

Therefore, on the whole, the works were prolonged by 247 days. Unfortunately,
neither party adduced any evidence as to what proportion of this overall
prolongation was a direct result of Yew San’s delay, and what proportion might
be the result of delays in Ley Choon’s work. The analysis undertaken with
respect to the Indemnity Counterclaim proceeded on a phase-by-phase approach,
and cannot simply be transplanted due to the overlaps in the timeframes of
each phase. Therefore, I do not think that the duration of Yew San’s culpable
delay for Phase 4 can be treated as a direct proxy for the duration of
prolongation caused by Yew San, contrary to what Mr Ness suggests. It is clear
that considerable periods of extension of time were granted by CAG to Ley
Choon and from its claims for EOT, there were clearly works within that period
and the period of delay that were solely Ley Choon’s works.

221 There being no evidence as to the duration of prolongation attributable to
Yew San, Ley Choon has failed to discharge its burden on proving the same and
I accordingly dismiss the Prolongation Costs Counterclaim.

The HT Cable Counterclaim

222 The parties do not dispute that the HT Cable was damaged by an excavator
deployed and managed by Yew San at Phase 1B sometime on or around 18 November
2010. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

KSG-1 at para 112, pp 293–298; Tr/09.02.18/109–110.

I therefore find that Yew San is liable for the costs of repairing the cable.

223 As Ley Choon is unable to adduce evidence of the costs of repairing the
cable, it seeks only nominal damages in respect of this claim. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

PCS at para 71; DCS at paras 730–733; DRS at paras 151–152.

I award nominal damages of $100.00.

The Topsoil Counterclaim

224 Ley Choon counterclaims for the costs incurred in purchasing and importing
topsoil for its turfing works due to Yew San’s failure to stockpile topsoil
for Ley Choon’s use. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

DRS at para 26.

225 It is undisputed that Yew San was contractually obliged to stockpile an
adequate quantity of topsoil excavated from within the site for Ley Choon’s
turfing works (cl (vii), Appendix A of the Agreement), and that no topsoil was
supplied to Ley Choon by Yew San. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

1.AB 7; Tr/12.09.17/65/5–8; Tr/20.09.17/81/18–20; Tr/22.09.17/30/3–20,
106–107; Tr/26.09.17/37/10–12.

Mr Leo’s explanation was that he had sold off the stockpiles of topsoil
because Ley Choon had instructed him to remove the stockpiles. However, he
could point to no records of any instruction to remove the topsoil, much less
any instruction or permission given to sell it. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

Tr/26.09.17/37/12–18.

Even if Ley Choon had instructed him to remove the stockpiles from Phase 2A,
it does not follow that Yew San no longer had an obligation to supply topsoil;
rather, Yew San would have to find an alternate site to stockpile the topsoil
for Ley Choon’s use. I therefore find that Yew San had breached cl (vii) of
Appendix A of the Agreement.

226 Ley Choon has led no evidence to prove its loss under this claim and seeks
only nominal damages. I award nominal damages of $100.00.

Conclusion

227 In summary, I allow Yew San’s Contract Price Claim in the sum of
$1,413,470.00.

228 In relation to Ley Choon’s counterclaims, I allow the following claims:

Incomplete Earthworks Counterclaim| $359,516.73  
---|---  
Sub-grade Material Counterclaim| $100.00  
Indemnity Counterclaim| $1,716,900.00  
HT Cable Counterclaim| $100.00  
Topsoil Counterclaim| $100.00  
Total:| $2,076,716.73  
  
229 I dismiss the Incomplete Compaction Works Counterclaim and the
Prolongation Costs Counterclaim.

230 Subject to adjustments, if any, due to GST or arithmetical errors, for
which parties have liberty to apply, there is a balance of $663,246.73
($2,076,716.73 – $1,413,470.00) owing from Yew San to Ley Choon.

231 I award interest on the claim and counterclaim sums at the rate of 5.33%
per annum from the date of writ and date of counterclaim until the date of
judgment respectively.

232 I shall hear the parties on costs.

Quentin Loh  
Judge

David Ong and Magdalene Ong (David Ong & Co) for the plaintiff;  
Ravi Chelliah, Alison Jayaram and Edmund Chain (Chelliah & Kiang LLC) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

