Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 277

Suit No 765 of 2016

Between

| Ma Hongjin  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| SCP Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Biomax Technologies Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [Consideration] — [Failure]

[Contract] — [Variation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ma Hongjin

  
v

  

SCP Holdings Pte Ltd and another

[2019] SGHC 277

High Court — Suit No 765 of 2016  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
29–30 January; 8 February 2019

13 December 2019

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff lent the first defendant $5m under a loan agreement. The
parties then entered into a supplemental agreement. The supplemental agreement
sought to vary the loan agreement by imposing additional obligations on the
first defendant. The first defendant failed to perform one of those additional
obligations when it fell due. The plaintiff brings this action against the
first defendant to enforce that additional obligation. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) Amendment No. 2, para 9 and p 8.

2 I have dismissed the plaintiff’s claim. I have held that the supplemental
agreement was unsupported by consideration. The first defendant received no
benefit and the plaintiff suffered no detriment in exchange for the additional
obligation.

3 The plaintiff has appealed against my decision. I now set out my grounds.

Facts

4 The plaintiff is an investor. Her husband, Mr Han Jianpeng, is a
businessman. He was the driving force behind the couple’s dealings with the
first defendant and its group of companies. I shall refer to that group as the
“Biomax group”.

5 The first defendant is an investment holding company. It is the ultimate
holding company of the Biomax group. The first defendant owns and controls
Biomax Holdings Pte Ltd (“Biomax Holdings”) 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) of Han Jianpeng, para 6.

which, in turn, owns and controls the second defendant.

6 The second defendant is the only operating company in the Biomax group. It
manufactures fertilisers and nitrogen compounds and sells agricultural
machinery and equipment. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) Amendment No. 2, para 3.

7 Mr Sim Eng Tong is the driving force behind the Biomax group. He is the
controlling shareholder of the first defendant. He is also a director of all
three companies: the first defendant, Biomax Holdings and the second
defendant. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC Amendment No. 2, para 4; AEIC of Han Jianpeng, Tab 1, ACRA search results,
pp 52, 60 and 61.

8 Mr Sim and Mr Han were introduced to each other in late 2014. They became
friends. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AEIC of Chua Siok Lui, paras 6(b) and 14.

They met frequently to discuss, amongst other things, potential investments in
the Biomax group. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AEIC of Han Jianpeng, paras 4, 5 and 8.

Mr Han and Mr Sim personally conducted all of the critical negotiations
leading to a number of investments which Mr Han made in the Biomax group. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AEIC of Ma Hongjin, paras 5 and 6.

The plaintiff participated only to a limited extent. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AEIC of Ma Hongjin, para 5.

These investments include the loans which form the subject-matter of this
action.

9 Mr Han and the plaintiff agreed that the first such investment would be in
the plaintiff’s name. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AEIC of Han Jianpeng, para 10.

That investment was a convertible loan of $5m from the plaintiff to the first
defendant.

10 The plaintiff and the first defendant duly entered into a formal agreement
dated 6 January 2015 known as the Convertible Loan Agreement (“the CLA”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AEIC of the Ma Hongjin, para 7.

Under the CLA, the plaintiff agreed to lend $5m to the first defendant for two
years. The first defendant, in return, agreed to pay interest to the plaintiff
on the $5m at 10% per annum and granted the plaintiff an option to convert the
loan into shares at the end of the second year.

11 Clause 3 of the CLA sets out the first defendant’s specific obligations. At
the end of the first year, in January 2016, the first defendant was obliged to
pay the plaintiff $500,000. At the end of the second year, in January 2017,
the second defendant was obliged to repay to the plaintiff the $5m principal
with a payment of a further $500,000 in interest. But the plaintiff had the
option to require the first defendant to procure a transfer to her of 15% of
the shares in Biomax Holdings in discharge of the first defendant’s obligation
to pay the total sum of $5.5m falling due in January 2017. Clause 3 provides
as follows: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See AEIC of Han Jianpeng, Tab 2, Convertible Loan Agreement dated 6 January
2015, p 68.

3\. INTEREST AND REPAYMENT OF THE LOAN

3.1 The interest rate on the Loan is ten (10) per cent per annum.

3.2 Subject to Clauses 4 and 7, the Lender shall be entitled to require the
Borrower to repay the Loan in the following manner:

(a) On 5th January 2016: To repay the interest accruing up to 5th January 2016
(S$500,000).

(b) On the Maturity Date (5th January 2017):

i. Option 1: Borrower to repay the principal amount of the Loan in full and
the amount of unpaid interest accruing up to 5th January 2017 (S$500,000,
assuming that the Borrower has repaid the interest accruing up to 5th January
2016 at point (a) above); OR

ii. Option 2: Borrower to procure the transfer of 15% of the total number of
shares in [Biomax Holdings] (the “Full Repayment Shares”) from the Borrower to
the Lender. For avoidance of doubt, the transfer of the Full Repayment Shares
from the Borrower to the Lender shall represent the full and final repayment
of the principal amount of the Loan and interest on the Loan.

[emphasis added in italics]

12 The plaintiff duly disbursed the loan to the first defendant. She did so in
three tranches: (a) $2.5m on 6 January 2015; 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (“AB”), p 102.

(b) $1m on 14 January 2015; 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB, p 103.

and (c) $1.5m on 30 March 2015. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB, p 104.

13 Within two months of entering into the CLA, Mr Han and the plaintiff became
unhappy with the first defendant’s financial results. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AEIC of Ma Hongjin, para 8.

In March 2015, Mr Han and Mr Sim, in their own words, “re-negotiated some of
the terms of the CLA”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AEIC of Ma Hongjin, para 8.

The renegotiation resulted in the plaintiff and the first defendant entering
into a supplemental agreement dated 16 April 2015. It bears the title
“Supplemental Agreement relating to a S$5,000,000 Convertible Loan Agreement
Dated 6 January 2015”. I shall call it “the SA”.

14 The SA recorded the parties’ agreement to vary the terms of the CLA in two
ways. First, it increased from 15% to 20% the Biomax Holdings shares which the
plaintiff had the option to call for in January 2017. Second, it increased
from $500,000 to $750,000 the first defendant’s payment obligation in January
2016. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AEIC of Han Jianpeng, Tab 4, Supplemental Agreement dated 16 April 2015, cl 2,
p 82.

These variations are recorded in cl 2 of the SA:

2\. AMENDMENTS

In accordance with Clause 9.3 of the [CLA] and pursuant to this Supplemental
Agreement, the parties agree that the [CLA] be hereby amended as follows:

(a) Clause 3.2(b)(ii) of the [CLA] shall be amended by deleting the words
“15%” appearing at line 1 and inserting the words “20%” in place thereof.

(b) A new Clause 3.3 shall be inserted as follows:

“3.3 The Borrower agrees to pay an additional lump sum facility fee of
S$250,000 on 5th January 2016.”

15 The SA was an attempt to effect a one-sided variation. By that, I mean a
variation which imposes additional obligations on only one party to an
existing contract without conferring any additional benefit on that party or
imposing any additional obligation on the counterparty. To that extent, the
characterisation of the additional $250,000 due in January 2016 as a “facility
fee” was a complete misnomer. The plaintiff extended the first defendant no
facility whatsoever under the SA in exchange for the fee. This additional
$250,000 therefore amounted to nothing more than the plaintiff attempting to
impose a one-sided increase of 50% in the rate of interest payable in the
first year of the loan, ie, from 10% per annum to 15% per annum.

16 I therefore do not accept that the recitals to the SA are accurate when
they record that it was the first defendant which asked the plaintiff to vary
the CLA in the terms set out in the SA. The first defendant had no reason to
agree to a one-sided variation, entirely against its own interest. Recital (B)
reads as follows: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AEIC of Han Jianpeng, Tab 4, Supplemental Agreement dated 16 April 2015, p 82.

(B) The Borrower has requested the Lender and the Lender has agreed to amend
the [CLA] to the extent set out in this Supplemental Agreement.

17 In January 2016, the first defendant duly paid the plaintiff the first
tranche of interest which fell due on the loan under cl 3.2(a) of the CLA (see
[11] above). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AEIC of Ma Hongjin, para 10; AB, p 419, Letter of demand from the plaintiff to
the first defendant dated 12 April 2016.

The first defendant has, however, failed to pay the plaintiff the $250,000
facility fee, then or at all. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defence and Counterclaim (“Defence”) Amendment No. 2, para 7.

Procedural history

Claim against the first defendant

18 The plaintiff commenced this action in July 2016. At that time, the first
defendant’s only arguable breach of contract was its failure to pay the
facility fee in January 2016. The plaintiff’s claim in this action as against
the first defendant is therefore limited to a claim to recover the facility
fee of $250,000. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOC Amendment No. 2, p 9.

19 While this action was pending, the first defendant also failed to pay the
plaintiff the $5.5m which fell due in January 2017 under cl 3 of the CLA. The
plaintiff accordingly initiated a separate action 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

HC/S 13/2017.

against the first defendant for that separate breach of the CLA. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AEIC of Ma Hongjin, para 13.

In October 2017, the plaintiff secured summary judgment against the first
defendant in that separate action for $5m plus contractual interest at 10% per
annum from January 2016 to the date of payment. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ma Hongjin v SCP Holdings Pte Ltd [2018] 4 SLR 1276 at [63]; HC/ORC 6652/2017
in HC/S 13/2017.

I need say nothing further about that claim or that action.

Claim against the second defendant

20 I have thus far described the background to the plaintiff’s claim in this
action against only the first defendant. The plaintiff also brings a claim in
this action against the second defendant. She brings that claim under three
loan agreements which the plaintiff entered into with the second defendant in
the second half of 2015. Those loan agreements are not connected to the CLA,
save that they are all part of Mr Han’s overall investment in the Biomax
group. The plaintiff’s claims against the two defendants in this action are
therefore distinct and severable, both factually and legally, from each other.
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOC Amendment No. 2, p 10.

For the reasons which follow, the plaintiff’s claims were tried separately as
against the individual defendants.

21 The plaintiff’s claims as against both defendants were fixed to be tried
before me in January and February 2019. However, the day before trial, the
second defendant put itself into creditor’s voluntary liquidation. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 29 January 2019, p 2, lines 10 to 11.

The result was that, under s 299(2) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev
Ed), the plaintiff’s claim against the second defendant was automatically
stayed. She could not have that claim tried without the leave of court. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE, 29 January 2019, p 2, lines 16 to 28.

The trial of the plaintiff’s claim against the second defendant was vacated to
allow that application for leave to be made and argued. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE, 30 January 2019, p 5, lines 14 to 25.

I eventually granted the plaintiff leave to proceed. Her claim against the
second defendant was eventually tried before me in November 2019. That trial
is not the subject of these grounds.

22 There was no impediment, however, to using the trial dates in January and
February 2019 to try the plaintiff’s claim against the first defendant. As I
have pointed out, the claims against the two defendants were factually and
legally distinct from each other. All of the plaintiff’s and the first
defendant’s witnesses and both parties’ counsel were available and ready to
try the claim. The trial of that claim therefore went ahead as scheduled. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE, 29 January 2019, p 5, lines 18 to 21.

In that sense, the trial which gives rise to these grounds of decision
proceeded as a straightforward trial between a single plaintiff and a single
defendant.

Submission of no case to answer

The defendant submits no case to answer

23 At the trial of the plaintiff’s claim against the first defendant, the
plaintiff gave evidence on her own behalf and called two witnesses. One was Mr
Han. The other was Ms Chua Siok Lui, a director of Biomax Holdings and of the
second defendant. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AEIC of Chua Siok Lui, para 1.

Ms Chua gave evidence because she was present at some of the discussions
between Mr Han and Mr Sim. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AEIC of Han Jianpeng, para 5; AEIC of Chua Siok Lui, paras 5(c), 13 and 15(c)

24 Counsel for the first defendant chose not to cross-examine any of the
plaintiff’s witnesses. When the plaintiff closed her case, counsel for the
first defendant made a submission of no case to answer 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE, 30 January 2019, p 8, lines 19 to 21.

coupled with the usual election not to call evidence if the submission failed.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE, 8 February 2019, p 2, lines 9 to 11.

That election was obligatory. A court in Singapore will not entertain a
submission of no case to answer in a civil action unless the submission is
accompanied by that election: Ho Yew Kong v Sakae Holdings Ltd and other
appeals and other matters [2018] 2 SLR 333 (“Ho Yew Kong”) at [70]. I note at
the outset that the rule in Ho Yew Kong is an invariable rule. It is not a
mere general rule, capable of being disapplied on the facts of a particular
case.

The test to be applied

25 The threshold question which arises is the test which I should apply to
determine whether the first defendant’s submission of no case to answer ought
to succeed.

26 On this threshold question, the plaintiff submits that she need only
satisfy me that there is a prima facie case on each of the essential elements
of her claim in order to defeat the defendant’s submission of no case to
answer and secure judgment in her favour. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (“PCS”), para 7.

As the plaintiff puts it:

As was established in the case of Viet Hai Petroleum Corporation v Ng Jun Quan
& Or [2016] SGHC 81…, there are three implications which flow from the 1st
Defendant’s submission of no case to answer:

a. First, the Plaintiff only has to establish a prima facie case as opposed to
proving her case on a balance of probabilities;

b. Second, in assessing whether the Plaintiff has established a prima facie
case, the Court will assume that any evidence led by the Plaintiff is true,
unless it is inherently incredible or out of common sense; and

c. Third, if circumstantial evidence is relied on, it does not have to give
rise to an irresistible inference, as long as the desired inference is one of
the possible inferences.

The first defendant does not address this threshold question in its written
submissions.

27 The plaintiff’s submission, if correct, amounts to relaxing the standard of
proof on a plaintiff simply because the defendant chooses to make a submission
of no case to answer. That cannot be correct in Singapore, where the rule in
Ho Yew Kong applies as an invariable rule. Where a defendant elects to call no
evidence as the price of making a submission of no case to answer, the
submission of no case is conceptually indistinguishable from closing
submissions at trial. The standard of proof resting on the plaintiff at
closing submissions at trial is axiomatically proof on the balance of
probabilities. It cannot be different where a party makes a submission of no
case to answer coupled with the election to call no evidence.

28 Assume a straightforward civil action between one plaintiff and one
defendant with no third parties and no counterclaim. That is the type of
action which has been tried before me. For the reasons which follow, the
correct position must be that the plaintiff can defeat the defendant’s
submission of no case to answer only if the plaintiff is able to satisfy the
trial judge:

(a) on the balance of probabilities that the evidence which the plaintiff has
adduced at trial has proven the facts on which she relies for the essential
elements of her case to be true; and

(b) that applying the law to those facts yields an outcome in the plaintiff’s
favour.

If the plaintiff is able to satisfy the judge on both of these limbs, not only
does the submission of no case to answer fail, but the plaintiff is entitled
to judgment against the defendant. Equally, if the plaintiff cannot satisfy
the judge on both of these limbs, the submission of no case to answer succeeds
and judgment must be entered for the defendant.

29 I now explain why I consider this to be the correct position.

Four procedural alternatives at the close of the plaintiff’s case

30 After the plaintiff closes its case in a straightforward civil action, the
defendant has four procedural alternatives which it can adopt:

(a) the defendant may elect to call evidence in support of its case;

(b) the defendant may elect to call no evidence in support of its case without
making a submission of no case to answer;

(c) the defendant may make a submission of no case to answer with an election
to call no evidence if the submission fails; and

(d) the defendant may make a submission of no case to answer without an
election to call no evidence if the submission fails.

31 The important point to note is that the procedural result in the first
three alternatives is conceptually identical. The parties and the trial judge
move on to closing submissions, in substance if not also in theory.

32 Alternative (d) is conceptually distinct from the first three and must be
treated distinctly from them. Because the rule in Ho Yew Kong is an invariable
rule, alternative (d) can never arise in Singapore. Nevertheless, the courts
in a number of other jurisdictions retain a discretion to permit a defendant
to adopt alternative (d). Typically these are jurisdictions – unlike Singapore
– which either retain or have a tradition of jury trials in civil actions.
Cases from those jurisdictions which consider the effect of a submission of no
case to answer must therefore be treated with caution when cited as authority
in Singapore.

33 Of the four alternatives in [30] above, alternative (a) is the paradigm.
After the defendant closes its case, the parties present their closing
speeches or, as is more common today in all but the simplest of trials, their
closing written submissions. This procedure is expressly envisaged and
accommodated in O 35 r 4(4) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed).
Having considered the evidence and the law in the light of the parties’
closing submissions, the trial judge delivers judgment. The test which the
trial judge must apply in order to determine who is entitled to judgment is
the test I have set out at [28] above.

34 Alternative (b) arises rarely. This is because there are a number of pre-
trial procedural options which are designed to enable a defendant in a civil
action to eliminate a hopeless case before trial, ie, without giving the
plaintiff an opportunity even to open its case at trial, eg, O 14 r 12, O 18 r
19(1) and O 27 r 3 of the Rules of Court. The availability of these provisions
and our adversarial system ensure that virtually every plaintiff who makes it
all the way to trial has a claim which is at the very least arguable on both
the facts and the law. In virtually every case, therefore, it is a very high-
risk strategy for a defendant to allow the plaintiff to adduce evidence at
trial and then elect to call no evidence for the defence. Nevertheless,
alternative (b) is expressly envisaged and accommodated in O 35 r 4(3) of the
Rules of Court.

35 Alternative (b) is no different procedurally from alternative (a) in both
form and in substance. In both situations, the defendant opens its case. In
alternative (a), the defendant then adduces positive evidence as part of its
case. In alternative (b), by contrast, the defendant calls no evidence. Then
in both alternatives, the defendant closes its case. The parties then proceed
to closing submissions in the usual way. The only difference between the two
alternatives is that the defendant actually opens and closes its case in
alternative (a), whereas it does so only notionally in alternative (b) because
of the absence of evidence. The test which the trial judge must apply to
determine who is entitled to judgment remains unchanged from that which is
applicable in alternative (a).

36 Alternative (c) is also unusual, and for the same reason that alternative
(b) is unusual. The rule in Ho Yew Kong is a strong disincentive, intended to
discourage defendants from making submissions of no case to answer.
Interestingly, alternative (c) is not envisaged or accommodated by the Rules
of Court. In fact, there is no provision at all in the Rules of Court which
permits a defendant to make a submission of no case to answer, with or without
an election. There is only oblique recognition of the practice by a reference
to it in O 40A r 6(2). Be that as it may, the practice is accepted by our case
law (see the authorities cited in Ho Yew Kong at [70]). And, so long as the
principles in the following paragraphs are kept in mind, there is perhaps no
harm in continuing to call what happens in alternative (c) a “submission of no
case to answer”.

37 The key point to note is that alternative (c) is identical to alternative
(b) in substance, though perhaps not in theory. In theory, a submission of no
case to answer has the following procedural consequence. The trial judge hears
the submission of no case to answer. If the submission succeeds, the
plaintiff’s claim is dismissed. If the submission fails, the defendant has the
opportunity to open its case. But the rule in Ho Yew Kong means that a
defendant in Singapore has already been required to elect expressly to call no
evidence as the price of the court entertaining the submission of no case to
answer. The defendant whose submission fails is therefore bound by the
election to call no evidence. As a result, as soon as the court rejects the
defendant’s submission of no case to answer, the defendant’s case opens and
closes instantly and notionally, as in alternative (b). The parties then
proceed to closing submissions in accordance with O 35 r 4(3). But hearing
closing submissions afresh is wholly pointless. Nothing has changed on the
facts or the law since the court considered and rejected the submission of no
case to answer. Even if the case goes on appeal, and even if the appellate
court holds that the judge at first instance was wrong to have accepted the
submission of no case to answer, there is no question of remitting the matter
to the judge at first instance or ordering a new trial. As Mance LJ said in
Boyce v Wyatt Engineering [2001] EWCA Civ 692 (“Boyce”) at [4]:

First, where a defendant is put to his election, that is the end of the matter
as regards evidence. The judge will not hear any further evidence which might
give cause to reconsider findings made on the basis of the claimant's case
alone. The case either fails or succeeds, even on appeal.

38 Mance LJ returned to this point in Miller (t/a Waterloo Plant) v Margaret
Cawley [2002] EWCA Civ 1100 (“Miller”). At [18] of Miller, after citing [4]
from Boyce, Mance LJ said:

The issue after an election [to call no evidence] is, in other words, not
whether there was any real or reasonable prospect that the claimant’s case
might be made out or any case fit to go before a jury or judge of fact. It is
the straightforward issue, arising in any trial after all the evidence has
been called, whether or not the claimant has established his or her case by
the evidence called on the balance of probabilities.

[emphasis added]

39 In alternative (c), if the submission of no case to answer succeeds, the
plaintiff’s claim obviously fails and judgment is entered for the defendant.
But if the submission of no case to answer fails, the plaintiff’s claim must
equally obviously succeed and judgment must be entered for the plaintiff. The
test to determine who is entitled to judgment in alternative (c) is therefore
the very same test which determines who is entitled to judgment in alternative
(a) and also in alternative (b).

40 The other way of looking at alternative (c) is to recognise that the court
hearing a submission of no case to answer in that alternative is not in
substance determining the procedural issue of whether the defence is obliged
to present its case. That issue is moot because of the defendant’s mandatory
election to call no evidence if the submission fails. The court is in truth
determining the substantive issue of who is entitled to judgment. Thus, in
alternative (c), the defendant’s submission of no case to answer performs
precisely the same function as the parties’ closing submissions in
alternatives (a) and (b).

41 The analysis is completely different in alternative (d): where a defendant
is allowed to make a submission of no case to answer without electing to call
no evidence if the submission fails. As I have pointed out, this alternative
cannot arise in Singapore because the rule in Ho Yew Kong is an invariable
rule. In England, however, putting the defendant to an election is a general
rule rather than an invariable one (Lloyd v John Lewis Partnership [2001] EWCA
Civ 1529 at [9] per Sir Murray Stuart-Smith; Miller at [13] per Mance LJ).

42 An English court therefore retains the discretion to allow a particular
defendant, on the facts of a particular case, to make a submission of no case
to answer while reserving the right to call evidence if the submission fails
(Miller at [12]). Having said that, even in England, allowing a defendant to
make a submission of no case to answer without being put to the election is a
course which “calls, on any view, for considerable caution” (Boyce at [4]–[6]
per Mance LJ; Miller at [13] per Mance LJ).

43 The result is that in England, the phrase “submission of no case to answer”
has been held to describe in the strict sense only alternative (d) and never
alternative (c). Alternative (c) is simply an election to call no evidence. As
Simon Brown LJ said in Benham Ltd v Kythira Investments Ltd [2003] EWCA Civ
1794 (“Benham”) at [23]:

[I]f on a submission of no case to answer the judge does put the defendant to
his election, then one of two consequences necessarily follows. Either the
defendant withdraws his submission – in which case, of course, the problem
resolves – or he elects to call no evidence – in which case the position is as
set out by Mance LJ in paragraphs 17, 18 and 20 of Miller …[cited at [37]
above]… In other words, it is only when the judge does not put the defendant
to his election that it becomes necessary to consider the difficulties arising
from a submission of no case to answer. Although one talks about entertaining
such a submission without putting the defendant to his election, it is in fact
meaningless to refer to a submission of no case except on the basis that the
defendant has not been put to his election. Strictly, therefore, it is
tautologous to refer both to entertaining a submission and also to not putting
the defendant to his election. When hereafter I refer to entertaining a
submission of no case, I am to be taken as referring to the hearing of such a
submission without putting the defendant to his election.

[emphasis in original]

44 The English cases have held that the test to be applied to determine
whether a submission of no case to answer in the strict sense (ie, in
alternative (d)), should succeed is a test which is more favourable to the
plaintiff than the test which applies at the close of trial. This relaxed test
reflects the fact that – if the submission fails and the trial continues in
the usual way to receive evidence in the defence case – the plaintiff may be
able to supplement the evidence she has presented in her case with evidence
from the defendant’s witnesses, either in chief or through cross-examination,
to discharge her burden of proof on the balance of probabilities. In other
words, in alternative (d), the issue which the court is determining on a
submission of no case to answer is indeed the single procedural issue of
whether the defendant should be obliged to present its case. The court is not,
as in alternative (c), considering the substantive issue of who is entitled to
judgment.

45 Thus, the test which the English courts apply in alternative (d) is whether
the plaintiff “has a real or reasonable prospect” of making out her case. That
formulation is taken from the italicised words in the passage from Miller (at
[18]) which I have cited at [38] above. If the plaintiff’s case has a real or
reasonable prospect of success, the trial judge must call on the defendant to
present its evidence, hear the evidence and thereafter decide the case in the
usual way, ie, on the balance of probabilities (Miller at [14] per Mance LJ):

Where a judge does, however, embark at the close of the claimant's case on a
determination whether the claimant's case has no real prospect of success
without requiring any election, the judge will, if he determines that the
claimant's case has no such prospect, dismiss the claim, and this will,
subject to any appeal, be the end of the matter. If, on the other hand, the
judge determines that the claimant's case has a real prospect of success, he
must go on to hear the defendant's evidence and thereafter to find the factual
position on the whole of the evidence and on the balance of probabilities.

[emphasis added]

46 The fundamental conceptual distinction between alternative (c) and
alternative (d) also explains why the test to be applied on a submission of no
case to answer in a civil trial is different from that which applies in a
criminal trial. The accused in a criminal trial is permitted to make a
submission of no case to answer without electing to call no evidence if the
submission fails. In other words, alternative (d) is the invariable rule in a
criminal trial. Where alternative (d) is the invariable rule it is right that
the test should be framed tentatively (evidence which if accepted as true
would establish each essential element) and negatively (some evidence which is
not inherently incredible): Haw Tua Tau and others v Public Prosecutor
[1981–1982] SLR(R) 133 at [17].

The Singapore case law

47 The test to apply in alternative (d) is not, of course, something which I
need to consider, given that it cannot arise in Singapore and is not the
application I am considering. Nevertheless, some trace of the test to be
applied in alternative (d), whether drawn from English law or from our law of
criminal procedure, has crept into our case law on how to deal with the very
different alternative (c).

48 I start with Central Bank of India v Bansal Hemant Govinprasad and others
and other actions [2002] 1 SLR(R) 22 (“CBI”). That is the origin of the
language of the “prima facie case” on which the plaintiff relies in its
submission (see [26] above). In CBI, a bank sued a customer. The action went
to trial. The bank called only one witness. That witness could not give direct
evidence of the truth of the contents of documents which were critical to the
bank’s case. The trial judge, S Rajendran J, therefore held those documents to
be inadmissible.

49 At the close of the plaintiff’s case in CBI, the defendant elected to call
no evidence and made a submission of no case to answer. It is clear from the
judgment that CBI is not a case in which the defendant adopted alternative
(d). But it is not possible to tell from the judgment whether the defendant
adopted alternative (b) or alternative (c). The defendant’s counsel may have
simply elected to call no evidence with all parties thereafter characterising
that election as a submission of no case to answer. That would make it
alternative (b). It could well be, however, that the defendant’s counsel made
a formal submission of no case to answer, upon which Rajendran J put the
defendant to an election and the defendant duly made the election. That would
make it alternative (c). The artificiality of these distinctions is yet
another reason alternative (b) and alternative (c) must be treated the same.

50 In a passage from CBI which has often been quoted since, Rajendran J said
(at [21]):

A decision by a defendant not to adduce evidence in his defence is a decision
that ought not to be lightly taken. Where a defendant makes such an election,
the result will be that the court is left with only the plaintiff’s version of
the story. So long as there is some prima facie evidence that supports the
essential limbs of the plaintiff’s claim(s), then the failure by the defendant
to adduce evidence on his own behalf would be fatal to the defendant.

51 This passage is at the root of the plaintiff’s submission as to the test I
should apply (see [26] above). But I do not read this passage as authority for
the proposition that a submission of no case to answer in alternative (c) must
fail if the plaintiff has adduced no more than prima facie evidence on each
essential limb of the plaintiff’s case. That would amount to saying that the
plaintiff is entitled to judgment upon proof of no more than a prima facie
case simply because the defendant has elected to make a submission of no case
to answer. That may well be the test which applies in alternative (d), where
the court is simply trying to decide whether the defendant is obliged to
present its case. But in alternative (c), there is no conceptual reason why
the plaintiff should get judgment on a reduced standard of proof simply
because the defendant has chosen to make a submission of no case to answer
with an election to call no evidence if it fails.

52 To my mind, what is critical to understanding this passage from CBI is
Rajendran J’s use of the conditional “would” rather than the imperative “will”
in the last sentence of this paragraph. That makes it clear that Rajendran J
was not laying down a legal test to be applied to determine whether a
submission of no case to answer succeeds. Indeed, what he said in this passage
cannot be the legal test because a plaintiff may adduce even indisputable
evidence on each essential element of its claim yet lose a submission of no
case to answer on the law. What Rajendran J was doing in this passage was
simply observing as a fact that a plaintiff who adduces prima facie evidence
on each of the essential limbs of his case would ordinarily be expected to
secure judgment if the defendant adduces no evidence whatsoever (ie,
alternatives (b) and (c)). That must undoubtedly be correct, so long as the
plaintiff’s claim turns on questions of fact alone.

53 Rajendran J then went on (at [28]) to explain why, on the facts of CBI, he
rejected the defendant’s submission of no case to answer and entered judgment
for the plaintiff:

At the close of the case for [the bank], there was evidence on which the court
could come to the conclusion that the [defendants] knew, when they… dealt with
the goods…, that the documents were the property of [the bank]. In proceeding
to deal with the goods despite that knowledge, the [defendants] could well be
liable in conversion and/or as constructive trustees. But, by electing not to
testify, the [defendants] have elected not to put before the court their
explanation of the events that happened. In these circumstances, I can only
conclude that they had no defence to these claims. I therefore give judgment
in favour of [the bank] in the sum of US$1,190,893.28 in Suit 1045/99 and
US$274,319.04 in Suit 1046/99. I also order that the [defendants] pay the
costs of the two suits and pay interest on the judgment sum at 6% pa from date
of writ.

54 Once again, I do not read this passage as yielding a legal proposition
applicable to determining a submission of no case to answer. I do not even
read it as giving an indication of the approach to be taken on any such
application. It appears to me that what Rajendran J was analysing here was
whether an adverse inference under s 116(g) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997
Rev Ed) could legitimately be drawn against the defendants from their failure
to adduce evidence within their control, ie, their own testimony.

55 It is well-established that a court cannot use an adverse inference to find
a fact proven on the balance of probabilities unless the party on whom the
burden lies to prove that fact has first adduced prima facie evidence of the
fact (Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407
at [50]; Koh Bee Choo v Choo Chai Huah [2007] SGCA 21 at [28]; Sudha Natrajan
v The Bank of East Asia Ltd [2017] 1 SLR 141 (“Sudha”) at [20(c)]). In this
passage, Rajendran J was simply concluding, on the facts of the case before
him, that the prima facie evidence adduced by the bank on the essential
elements of its claim permitted him legitimately to draw an adverse inference
against the defendants from their failure to adduce available evidence.

56 Rajendran J concluded this paragraph by entering judgment for the
plaintiff. Implicit in that sequencing is a finding that the combined effect
of the prima facie evidence adduced by the plaintiff in its case and the
adverse inference to be drawn against the defendants from their complete
failure to adduce available evidence was sufficient to discharge the
plaintiff’s burden of proof at trial on the balance of probabilities and
thereby to entitle the plaintiff to final judgment.

57 As CBI makes clear, a defendant in alternative (c) – and indeed also in
alternative (b) – runs the usual tactical risk that a defendant runs in
alternative (a) when it fails to call available evidence. That risk is the
court drawing an adverse inference from that failure under s 116(g) of the
Evidence Act. The circumstances in which an adverse inference can be drawn,
the strength of the adverse inference and the legitimate use of the adverse
inference will be determined on the usual principles which apply in every
trial. These principles have most recently been comprehensively restated in
Sudha at [20]. As for alternative (d), the principles which apply in dealing
with the adverse inference in that alternative were analysed by Simon Brown LJ
in Benham at [24]–[32].

58 I do not need to consider further the circumstances in which it is
legitimate to draw an adverse inference when determining a submission of no
case to answer. The plaintiff did not invite me to draw any adverse inferences
against the first defendant from its failure to adduce evidence which was
available to it.

Court of Appeal authority

59 I am conscious that in Tan Juay Pah v Kimly Construction Pte Ltd and others
[2012] 2 SLR 549 (“Tan Juay Pah”) at [37], the Court of Appeal cited CBI as
authority for the proposition that a plaintiff – in order to defeat a
submission of no case to answer and secure judgment against the defendant in
alternative (c) – need establish only a prima facie case against the defendant
and need not prove her case on the balance of probabilities. Tan Juay Pah was
in turn cited in the more recent Court of Appeal decision in Lena Leowardi v
Yeap Cheen Soo [2015] 1 SLR 581 (“Lena Leowardi”) as authority for the same
proposition (at [24]) in terms strikingly similar to the plaintiff’s
submission (see [26] above). However, I do not consider the view I have
expressed above to be contrary to the authority of those cases. In both those
cases, in my respectful view, the proposition was obiter.

60 In Tan Juay Pah, the Court of Appeal held that an engineer’s submission of
no case to answer in a claim by a subcontractor should have succeeded because
the subcontractor’s case against the engineer was “fatally flawed” (at [94]).
That conclusion turned on issues of law rather than on issues of fact which
had to be proven to a particular standard. Further, even if the Court of
Appeal’s conclusion did turn on facts, it amounts to a conclusion that the
subcontractor had failed to establish even a prima facie case on those facts.
For both reasons, therefore, Tan Juay Pah did not turn on the standard of
proof which the subcontractor had to meet in establishing the facts of its
case. The Court of Appeal in Tan Juay Pah did not have to consider what the
result of the engineer’s submission of no case to answer should have been if
the subcontractor’s evidence on essential issues of fact fell within the gap
between a case proven only to a prima facie standard and a case proven on the
balance of probabilities.

61 In Lena Leowardi too, what was said about the standard of proof being that
of a prima facie case was obiter. The sole issue in that case was whether a
borrower could rely on the presumption in s 3 of the Moneylenders Act (Cap
188, 2010 Rev Ed) to establish that his lender was a “moneylender” within the
meaning of the Act. The Court of Appeal determined that issue on the basis
that the borrower had failed adequately to plead his case as required by O 18
r 8(1) of the Rules of Court (at [37]). That finding alone was sufficient to
dispose of the appeal. The Court of Appeal nevertheless went on to consider
the lender’s case on the merits. The Court of Appeal first set out the test as
follows (at [23]):

At the trial below, the Respondent made a submission of no case to answer. The
test of whether there is no case to answer is whether the plaintiff’s evidence
at face value establishes no case in law or whether the evidence led by the
plaintiff is so unsatisfactory or unreliable that its burden of proof has not
been discharged (see Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1004
(“Lim Eng Hock”) at [209]). The Respondent relied on the former limb of the
test.

This, in my respectful view, correctly states the test. The first limb deals
with the defendant having no case to answer on the law. The second limb deals
with the defendant having no case to answer on the facts. And the concluding
words of the second limb correctly, again with respect, directs the ultimate
focus to whether the plaintiff has discharged her burden of proof, ie, a
plaintiff’s burden to prove the facts essential to her claim on the balance of
probabilities. The reference to evidence being “unsatisfactory or unreliable”
does not attenuate the balance of probabilities standard. The Court of Appeal
cited Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei and another [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1004 (“Lim
Eng Hock”) as authority for this proposition. Lim Eng Hock was a defamation
case in which the plaintiff had to establish malice in order to defeat a
defence of qualified privilege. As Chan Seng Onn J said in at [210] of Lim Eng
Hock:

However, the plaintiff was not able to show malice on the part of the
defendants to defeat their defence of “qualified privilege”, despite the
defendants adopting a position of “no case to answer”. A position of “no case
to answer” does not diminish the usual burden remaining on the plaintiff to
establish there was malice on a balance of probability on the totality of the
evidence.

[emphasis added]

62 I make one final point. There are very good reasons given by the Court of
Appeal in Ho Yew Kong (at [70]) for making alternative (d) impermissible in
Singapore. But the proposition for which CBI was cited in both Tan Juay Pah
and Lena Leowardi – and on which the plaintiff relies in the present action
–would operate as an additional and perverse penalty imposed upon a defendant
simply for framing its submission as a submission of no case to answer
(bringing it within alternative (c)) rather than a simple election to call no
evidence (alternative (b)). The reduced standard of proof would be an
additional penalty because the defendant would already have suffered a penalty
by being compelled to elect not to call evidence. And it would be a perverse
penalty because alternative (c) is indistinguishable conceptually from
alternative (b). The proposition would mean that – on precisely the same cause
of action and upon precisely the same evidence – a defendant would be found
wholly liable if it adopted alternative (b) simply upon the plaintiff proving
a prima facie case but would succeed entirely if it adopted alternative (c)
unless the plaintiff could establish her case on the balance of probabilities.

Conclusion on the applicable test

63 The result of this analysis is that I must decide the rights and
liabilities of the plaintiff and the first defendant in the present action in
precisely the same way as those rights and liabilities would have been
determined if the defendant had adduced evidence and proceeded to closing
submissions in the usual way (alternative (a)) or if the defendant had opened
its case and elected to call no evidence before closing it (alternative (b)).

64 As in the usual civil trial, the test which I as the trial judge must apply
to determine who is entitled to judgment is that set out at [28] above. If
both tests are met, judgment must be entered for the plaintiff. If either test
is not met, judgment must be entered for the first defendant.

65 All of this suggests that in Singapore, using the terminology of a
“submission of no case to answer” is apt only to mislead by introducing or
inducing a category error. That terminology therefore ought to be dropped. As
Simon Brown LJ said in Benham, a submission of no case to answer coupled with
an election not to call evidence if the submission fails is not a submission
of no case to answer in substance and amounts simply to an election to call no
evidence. In Singapore, a submission of no case to answer is always
indistinguishable from alternative (b). Perhaps that is why the Rules of Court
make no provision whatsoever for a submission of no case to answer of any
type, whether with or without an election. No such provision is necessary if
the submission can be made only upon an election to call no evidence if it
fails. All that is necessary is for the procedural rules to cater for a
defendant who opts to call no evidence. That the Rules of Court do.

66 Having outlined the law on a submission of no case to answer, I now turn to
the law on consideration.

Consideration

67 As mentioned, the plaintiff’s only claim against the first defendant in
this action is to recover the unpaid facility fee of $250,000. The first
defendant initially pleaded a number of defences to that claim. At trial,
however, the first defendant abandoned all of the defences save one: that the
SA is unsupported by consideration and is therefore unenforceable. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

The plaintiff’s opening statement, para 3.

The plaintiff’s claim against the first defendant thus turns neatly on that
single issue.

The plaintiff’s case on consideration

68 The chronology of events, in so far as it relates to the first defendant’s
sole defence of an absence of consideration, is as follows. The parties
entered into the CLA on 6 January 2015. The plaintiff disbursed the third and
final tranche of the loan to the first defendant on 30 March 2015. In March
and April 2015, the parties (in the plaintiff’s own words) “re-negotiated” the
CLA. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AEIC of Ma Hongjin, para 8.

They entered into the SA on 16 April 2015.

69 Counsel for the plaintiff argues that the SA is supported by consideration
on three grounds.

70 The plaintiff’s first argument is that the SA and the CLA are “one and the
same contract”. The SA explicitly states that it is “supplemental to” the CLA.
Both parties were aware that, by entering into the SA, they were doing no more
than simply varying the CLA. Other clauses in the two agreements support this
construction. First, cl 9.3 of the CLA provides that the CLA can be varied
only “in writing and signed by” both parties. The requirement for signed
writing was satisfied when the parties executed the SA. Second, cl 5.1 of the
SA provides that the CLA and SA “shall be read and construed as one
instrument”. The SA is part of the same contract as the CLA.

71 The plaintiff’s second argument is that the CLA and the SA should be
treated as being part of one and the same transaction, even if they are not
one and the same contract. The renegotiation of the CLA took place in March
2015, before the plaintiff disbursed the last tranche of the loan to the first
defendant on 30 March 2015. Therefore, the plaintiff did not need to provide
any new consideration for the SA because it was understood between the parties
that the additional obligations which the SA sought to insert into the CLA was
to be her compensation for disbursing the final tranche of the loan.

72 The plaintiff’s final argument is that, even if the SA is treated as a
free-standing contract and entirely separate from the CLA, there was
consideration to support the SA. The consideration was in the form of
continuing “factual and/or practical benefits” which the first defendant
obtained when the plaintiff disbursed the loan in the three tranches. This
benefit is twofold: (a) the first defendant had use of the money before the
parties renegotiated the CLA and entered into the SA; and (b) goodwill from
the plaintiff for future loans to the first defendant or its related entities.

The first defendant’s case

73 The first defendant’s case is as follows. As a preliminary point, it takes
the procedural point that the plaintiff has nowhere specifically pleaded any
of these three arguments, in breach of O 18 r 8(1) of the Rules of Court.

74 On the merits of the plaintiff’s arguments, the first defendant begins by
pointing out that the additional obligations which the SA sought to insert
into the CLA were one-sided: they were solely to the plaintiff’s benefit and
not in any way to the first defendant’s benefit.

75 The first defendant goes on to reject each of the plaintiff’s three
grounds:

(a) First, the CLA and SA are not part of one and the same contract. Clause
9.3 of the CLA does not render unnecessary the usual requirement of
consideration to support the variation of a contract.

(b) Second, the CLA and SA are not part of one and the same transaction. There
was never any understanding between the parties that the consideration for the
loan under the CLA would include the additional obligations which the SA
sought to insert into the CLA. In fact, the SA was a new idea which arose
after the parties had already entered into the CLA and which the parties never
contemplated when they did so.

(c) Finally, the plaintiff conferred no factual or practical benefit on the
first defendant by actually disbursing the loan under the CLA. Even the
plaintiff’s own evidence is not that the renegotiations took place before the
plaintiff disbursed the third tranche of the loan. Accordingly, there is
nothing in the plaintiff’s own case to link the renegotiations in March 2015
which led to the SA dated 16 April 2015 to the plaintiff’s disbursement of any
of the tranches of the loan, including the third tranche on 30 March 2015.

76 In the analysis of the doctrine of consideration which follows, I assume a
paradigm contract between two parties. Although a contract usually comprises
mutual promises – and in that sense each party is both a promisor and a
promisee – it is a convenient expositional tool to speak of one party as the
promisor and the counterparty as the promisee. In the analysis which follows,
I shall use “promisee” to refer to the party seeking to enforce a promise and
“promisor” to refer to the party resisting enforcement. On the facts of this
case, in relation to the SA, the plaintiff is therefore the promisee and the
first defendant is the promisor.

The doctrine of consideration

77 The function of the doctrine of consideration in the law of contract,
broadly speaking, is to divide the promises which the law will enforce from
the promises which the law will not enforce. The need for that dividing line
is fundamental. As a result, the doctrine of consideration is as old as the
law of contract itself. But any bright dividing line is capable of having
harsh consequences. Consideration is no exception. The doctrine is capable of
rendering promises unenforceable in circumstances which appear to be unjust,
particularly where the promisee has relied on the promisor’s promise. The
doctrine has therefore been much criticised and often circumvented. The
position today is that the common law has whittled consideration down to
little more than a token. But the token is essential even today: consideration
retains its place as one of the three fundamental elements for the formation
of a contract. An offer and acceptance unaccompanied by consideration is
incapable of giving rise to any legal obligation.

Consideration must be sufficient but need not be adequate

78 The classic statement of what amounts to consideration comes from the case
of Currie v Misa (1875) LR 10 Exch 153 at 162:

A valuable consideration, in the sense of the law, may consist either in some
right, interest, profit, or benefit accruing to the one party, or some
forbearance, detriment, loss or responsibility, given, suffered, or undertaken
by the other.

[emphasis added]

In other words, consideration “signifies a return recognised in law which is
given in exchange for the promise sought to be enforced” [emphasis added] (Gay
Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332
(“Gay Choon Ing”) at [66]).

79 The court does not inquire as to the adequacy of the consideration “so long
as there is sufficient consideration furnished by the promisee in the eyes of
the law” [emphasis in original] (Gay Choon Ing at [86]). The law requires only
that the promisee’s act, forbearance or promise has some economic value, even
if that value cannot be quantified: Treitel on the Law of Contract (Edwin Peel
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th ed, 2015) at para 3-027. So long as this
requirement is satisfied, it does not matter if, in an objective sense, that
economic value is not in any way commensurate with what the promisee receives
in return.

80 The question which the plaintiff’s claim raises is whether a promisee’s
performance of an existing contractual obligation can be consideration for an
additional promise by the promisor. The traditional view is that it cannot,
because the promisor obtains no benefit in law. The promisor obtains nothing
to which it was not already legally entitled. But the modern view accepts that
consideration need not be a legal benefit to the counterparty but can be a
factual or practical benefit: Williams v Roffey Bros & Nicholls (Contractors)
Ltd [1991] 1 QB 1 (“Williams”).

81 In Williams, a main contractor in a building project engaged a
subcontractor. After the subcontractor had completed part of its works, it
found itself in financial difficulty. There was doubt about whether it could
complete the subcontract works on time. The subcontractor approached the main
contractor to ask for additional money to complete the subcontract works on
time, something which the subcontractor was already under a legal obligation
to do. The main contractor was liable to the owner for liquidated damages for
any delay in completion. The main contractor therefore agreed to pay the
subcontractor the additional money. The subcontractor completed some discrete
aspects of the subcontract works, but did not in fact complete all of the
works. The main contractor failed to pay all of the additional money promised.
It alleged that its promise to do so was unsupported by consideration and
therefore unenforceable.

82 The English Court of Appeal held that the main contractor’s promise to pay
the additional money was supported by consideration and was therefore
enforceable. The consideration was the practical benefit which the main
contractor obtained or the disbenefit which it avoided by promising to pay the
subcontractor the additional money. This included being able to avoid
liquidated damages for delay and not having to incur the trouble and expense
of engaging another subcontractor to complete the subcontract works (see
Williams at 10–11).

83 Williams has been cited and affirmed in a number of Singapore cases. I will
outline only the two which best illustrate the scope of the concept of
practical benefit.

84 In Sea-Land Service Inc v Cheong Fook Chee Vincent [1994] 3 SLR(R) 250
(“Sea-Land”), an employer gave a redundant employee one month’s notice of
termination under his employment contract and agreed to pay him enhanced
severance pay. The employee served out his notice period. The employer refused
to pay the enhanced severance pay. The employer argued that the agreement to
do so was unsupported by consideration. The employee argued that the work he
did during his notice period was the consideration.

85 The Court of Appeal rejected the employee’s argument. It held that the work
which a redundant employee does during his notice period is, virtually by
definition, of minimal value to his employer. In any event, the employer did
not give the employee one month’s notice, and secure his labour during that
one month, in exchange for the enhanced severance pay. The employer gave the
employee one month’s notice simply because it was contractually obliged to do
so in order to bring an end to the employment.

86 The Court of Appeal in Sea-Land cited and analysed Williams (at [9]–[13]).
Although the Court of Appeal did not express its conclusion using the language
of factual or practical benefit from Williams, its decision amounts to a
holding that the employee’s last month of work in that case was not a factual
or practical benefit to the employer. Thus, the Court of Appeal held that the
case came within the general rule that performance of an existing legal duty
is not consideration. In any event, the Court of Appeal also held that the
employee failed because he did not render his services during his notice
period because of the employer’s promise to pay the enhanced severance pay. As
the Court of Appeal said (at [14]):

… The value of the last month’s work by an employee about to be made redundant
could hardly be other than minimal, since the management would only retrench
workers that were not essential for their operations. Secondly, we agreed with
the appellants’ counsel that the appellants had not requested the respondent
to complete his last month of employment in exchange for their payment of the
enhanced benefits. The appellants were merely complying with their contractual
obligations and had chosen to provide the respondent with one month’s notice
before his employment was terminated, instead of terminating his employment
there and then and compensating him with a month’s wages in lieu of notice. We
were therefore of the view that the respondent’s last month’s work for the
appellants would not amount to valid consideration and that it fell within the
general rule that prohibits the performance of existing duties from
constituting such consideration.

87 By contrast, in Teo Seng Kee Bob v Arianecorp Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1114, Lai
Siu Chiu J found a practical benefit to be consideration. In that case, a
buyer of shares in a private company sued his seller for breach of contract.
After the parties had agreed on the terms of the contract, the seller promised
separately to release the company’s inventory to the buyer. As a result, the
buyer paid the first instalment of the purchase price to the seller under the
contract. The seller refused to release the company’s inventory as promised.
Lai Siu Chiu J found that the seller’s separate promise to release the
inventory was supported by consideration: the buyer had paid the first
instalment of the purchase price under the contract to the seller, which the
seller had then used as part of its cash flow (at [91]).

88 What emerges from the cases is that the promisee’s performance of an
existing contractual obligation cannot in itself be a sufficient factual or
practical benefit to the promisor to constitute consideration for an
additional promise from the promisor. Rather, the factual or practical benefit
must accrue to the promisor separately from the promisee’s performance of his
existing obligation. In that sense, the factual or practical benefit must be
extrinsic to that performance. And, as in the orthodox doctrine of
consideration, the consideration must also be causally connected to the
promisor’s additional promise. Williams does not relax the need for an
exchange, ie, the causal connection between the promise and the factual or
practical benefit.

89 In Williams, the main contractor secured the benefit – extrinsic to the
works which the subcontractor was already obliged to do – of avoiding
liquidated damages and avoiding having to engage another subcontractor to
complete the works. And securing those extrinsic benefits caused the main
contractor to promise to pay the additional money to the subcontractor. In
contrast, in Sea-Land Service, the redundant employee simply performed his
last month’s duties as he normally would have. Performing those duties
conferred no benefit to the employer extrinsic to the employee’s existing
contractual obligations. And in any event, the contractual performance which
the employee rendered during his last month of service and the employer’s
promise of the additional severance payment were not causally connected to
each other.

90 Further, for a factual or practical benefit in the Williams sense to
constitute consideration, it must “not merely [be] the promisor’s subjective
hope or motive but a fact objectively identified in the same way that the
likelihood of any other factual occurrence is assessed”: Lee Pey Woan,
“Contract Modifications: Reflections on Two Commonwealth Cases” (2012) 12(2)
Oxford University Commonwealth Law Journal 189 at p 198. This means that while
the subjective views of the parties are relevant, whether something
constitutes a factual or practical benefit is ultimately an objective question
to be determined by the court.

Past consideration

91 It is also well accepted that past consideration is not consideration. An
act done before a promise and unconnected to the promise cannot be
consideration for the promise because it is not done in exchange for the
promise: The Law of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong, gen ed)
(Academy Publishing, 2012) (“The Law of Contract in Singapore”) at para
04.011.

92 To be clear, the past consideration rule does not simply look at
chronology: Sim Tony v Lim Ah Ghee (trading as Phil Real Estate & Building
Services) [1995] 1 SLR(R) 886 at [16]. Rather, what is crucial is the nexus
between the act said to be consideration and the promise. Specifically, the
later act must be causally linked to the earlier promise. Therefore, the
court’s inquiry is whether, at the time of the earlier act, a later promise
was contemplated or required. If so, that connects the earlier act to the
subsequent promise and establishes that they are part of the same transaction:
The Law of Contract in Singapore at para 04.017.

93 The following comments in Gay Choon Ing at [83] explain this further:

83 … [T]he courts look to the substance rather than the form. Hence, what
looks at first blush like past consideration will still pass legal muster if
there is, in effect, a single (contemporaneous) transaction (the common
understanding of the parties being that consideration would indeed be
furnished at the time the promisor made his or her promise to the promisee).
This was established as far back as the 1615 English decision of Lampleigh v
Braithwait (1615) Hob 105; 80 ER 255 and, whilst often referred to as an
exception to the principle, is not really an exception for (as just stated)
its application results in what is, in substance, a single transaction to
begin with… a modern statement of this particular legal principle can be found
in the Hong Kong Privy Council decision of Pao On v Lau Yiu Long [1980] AC 614
(“Pao On”), where Lord Scarman, delivering the judgment of the Board, observed
thus (at 629):

An act done before the giving of a promise to make a payment or to confer some
other benefit can sometimes be consideration for the promise. The act must
have been done at the promisors’ request: the parties must have understood
that the act was to be remunerated either by a payment or the conferment of
some other benefit: and payment, or the conferment of a benefit, must have
been legally enforceable had it been promised in advance. [emphasis added]

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

Variation of contracts requires consideration

94 The doctrine of consideration applies not only to contract formation but
also to contract variation. A promisee who wants to enforce a variation of a
contractual obligation must show that he has given something in return for the
variation at the promisor’s request which constitutes a benefit to the
promisor or a detriment to the promisee: John Cartwright, Formation and
Variation of Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell, 2014) (“Cartwright”) at para 9-08.

95 Where a variation is bilateral, in the sense that both parties’ rights and
obligations are varied to their mutual benefit, consideration is found in
“each party [agreeing] to give up the right to enforce the other’s obligations
in return for the discharge of his own obligations”: Cartwright at paras 9-09
to 9-10. But where the variation is one-sided, in the sense that only one
party takes on additional obligations under the variation, that counter-
promise is absent. Consideration for the promisor’s promise in a one-sided
variation must be found outside the agreement to vary itself.

96 Whether a contractual variation should require consideration at all has
been doubted. The reluctance to apply the doctrine of consideration as
strictly in cases of contract variation is explained, in Professor Tan Cheng
Han’s view, by the fact that parties in an existing contractual relationship
are no longer dealing at arm’s length but are in fact engaged in a cooperative
venture which may require “some give and take” to advance the overall
objectives of their contract. That sort of “give and take” may not comport
precisely with the requirements of contract law (see Tan Cheng Han, “Contract
Modifications, Consideration and Moral Hazard” (2005) 17 SAcLJ 566 (“Tan”) at
paras 19–21):

19 … While it is true that one party to the contract may make a promise to the
other without obtaining any additional rights or benefits, it may not be
correct to classify such a transaction as gratuitous. Where the parties are in
a contractual relationship, there is a degree of interdependence and the
parties to such a relationship frequently do not hold the other party strictly
to the terms of the contract. There is often some give and take which takes
place not because one party wishes to confer a gift on the other, but because
this may better facilitate the fulfilment of the objective for which the
parties entered into the relationship. There may also be the expectation that
any accommodation given will be similarly reciprocated by the other party
should the need arise. As such, a one-sided promise made in this context is
often made with a view to benefiting the promisor in a material way beyond joy
and satisfaction and not merely to confer a benefit on the promisee.

20 It can therefore be said that where there is already a contractual
relationship, it may be more appropriate to recognise that the arm’s length
stage is over and the parties are thereafter working out a type of team play.
They are parties in a distinct semi-joint-venture known as “Contract”. This
aspect of contract is more pronounced where the parties enter into what is
intended to be a long-term or complex business relationship … As such, the law
should more easily facilitate contract modifications without insisting on the
strict requirements of consideration.

[emphasis added]

97 It has also been argued that dispensing with the requirement of
consideration for a contractual variation will bring the law in line with
commercial expectations and will promote certainty: The Law of Contract in
Singapore at paras 4.059–4.060. The New Zealand Court of Appeal has gone so
far as to open the door to abandoning consideration altogether as a
requirement for a contractual variation to be binding, with reliance sufficing
in itself: Anton Trawlings Co Ltd v Smith [2003] 2 NZLR 23 at [93] and Teat v
Willcocks [2014] 3 NZLR 129 at [54].

98 We have not gone that far in Singapore. In S Pacific Resources Ltd v
Tomolugen Holdings Ltd [2016] 3 SLR 1049 at [13], Chua Lee Ming JC (as he then
was) expressed some regret that even though parties may have agreed to a
variation “with the expectation and intention that each party will abide by it
whether or not the [variation] was supported by consideration” [emphasis
added], it remains the case that absence of consideration will render the
variation unenforceable.

99 Authority binding on me therefore establishes consideration as part of our
law of contract: Gay Choon Ing at [117]. That obliges me to accept
consideration as necessary not only for contractual formation but also for
contractual variation. The only concession to the promisee recognised by
Singapore law is from Williams: a practical or factual benefit can be
consideration for the promisor’s promise.

100 The parties before me rightly accept that this is the case. Against the
backdrop of these principles, therefore, I go on to analyse the facts of the
present case.

Whether the plaintiff failed to plead consideration

101 Having considered the plaintiff’s evidence and the parties’ submissions, I
have accepted the first defendant’s submissions and dismissed the plaintiff’s
claim for the facility fee of $250,000. The plaintiff has failed to establish
that the SA is supported by consideration.

102 I begin with the first defendant’s preliminary objection to the
plaintiff’s pleadings.

103 Order 18 r 7 of the Rules of Court makes it clear that every pleading must
contain “material facts on which the party pleading relies for his claim”.
Order 18 r 8 of the Rules of Court also provides:

Matters which must be specifically pleaded (O. 18, r. 8)

8.—(1) A party must in any pleading subsequent to a statement of claim plead
specifically any matter, for example, performance, release, any relevant
statute of limitation, fraud or any fact showing illegality —

(a) which he alleges makes any claim or defence of the opposite party not
maintainable;

(b) which, if not specifically pleaded, might take the opposite party by
surprise; or

(c) which raises issues of fact not arising out of the preceding pleading.

Order 18 r 8 is simply one aspect of the function of pleadings, which is to
ensure that the opposing party has reasonable notice of what his opponent is
coming to the court to prove: Re Robinson’s Settlement, Gant v Hobbs [1912] 1
Ch 717 at 728.

104 The first defendant submits that O 18 r 8(1)(b) requires the plaintiff to
raise an explicit plea in response to the first defendant’s averment in the
defence that the SA “is void for lack of consideration”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defence Amendment No. 2, para 6.

This she has failed to do. The only plausible consideration discernible from
the plaintiff’s pleadings appears in her reply to the defence and counterclaim
and is a reference to Mr Sim’s gratitude to the plaintiff and Mr Han for a
large investment. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE, 8 February 2019, p 13; see also Reply and Defence and Counterclaim
(“Reply”) Amendment No. 1, para 7.

But this is not consideration in law.

105 I accept the first defendant’s submission that the plaintiff has failed to
comply with O 18 r 8(1). A promisor who asserts in his defence that the
contract on which he is sued is not supported by consideration will be taken
by surprise if the promisee does not plead specifically in her reply what the
consideration is. This is a contravention of O 18 r 8(1)(b).

106 Nowhere in either the plaintiff’s statement of claim 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOC Amendment No. 2, paras 5 to10.

or reply to the defence 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Reply Amendment No. 1, para 7.

does she plead her case on the consideration supporting the SA. Her case on
consideration appeared for the first time, albeit in abbreviated form, in her
opening statement 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

The plaintiff’s opening statement, para 19; NE, 8 February 2019, p 14, 24.

filed as late as 21 January 2019, one week before trial began. She set out her
argument on consideration in full only in her closing submissions. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PCS, paras 9 to 29; NE, 8 February 2019, p 11.

107 Nevertheless, I prefer not to decide the plaintiff’s claim on this point
of pleading. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE, 8 February 2019, p 26.

I do not consider that the plaintiff’s failure to comply with O 18 r 8(1)(b)
has caused any real prejudice to the first defendant. The issue of
consideration in this action is a question of mixed fact and law. As far as
the facts are concerned, the first defendant elected not to call evidence
knowing that the plaintiff was asserting that the SA was supported by
consideration but had failed to plead that consideration in compliance with O
18 r 8(1)(b). Further, the first defendant did not attempt to strike out this
aspect of the plaintiff’s claim or to seek further particulars of it before
trial or before its submission of no case to answer. In my view, the first
defendant must be taken to have accepted the risk that the plaintiff would
rely on facts which she had not pleaded to make good at trial her assertion
that the SA is supported by consideration.

108 In any event, it is unnecessary to rely on the pleading point to dispose
of this action. First of all, of course, the defendant does not allege that
this failure has caused it any actual prejudice. So in that sense, it is a
technical objection. Second, and more importantly, the plaintiff has failed to
establish on the balance of probabilities that the SA is supported by
consideration and is therefore enforceable. I prefer, therefore, to deal with
the plaintiff’s claim on the merits.

Whether the SA was supported by consideration

109 I find that the CLA and the SA are neither part of the same contract nor
part of a single transaction.

110 I find, further, the SA is a free-standing agreement for which the
plaintiff provided no consideration.

Not a single contract

111 In support of her argument that the CLA and SA should be construed as one
contract (thereby eliminating any need for the SA to be supported by
consideration separate from that which supports the CLA), the plaintiff relies
in particular on cl 9.3 of the CLA. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE, 8 February 2019, p 24.

112 Clause 9.3 of the CLA is a limb of cl 9 of the CLA. That clause begins
with an entire agreement clause (cl 9.1) before providing expressly that no
amendment or variation of the CLA shall be effective unless carried out in
writing and signed by the parties (cl 9.3): 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AEIC of Han Jianpeng, Tab 2, Convertible Loan Agreement dated 6 January 2015,
p 70 to 71.

9\. ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND MODIFICATIONS

9.1 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with
respect to the transactions contemplated in this Agreement and supersedes all
prior oral and written agreements, memoranda, understandings, undertakings,
representations and warranties between the Parties relating to the subject
matter of this Agreement.

…

9.3 No amendment or variation of this Agreement shall be effective unless so
amended or varied in writing and signed by each of the Parties.

[emphasis added]

113 The plaintiff contends that cl 9.3 allows the parties to vary the CLA
without consideration. The plaintiff argues that in Benlen Pte Ltd v Authentic
Builder Pte Ltd [2018] SGHC 61 (“Benlen”), the court considered a
substantially similar clause and held that the clause made it possible to vary
the contract “even if no additional consideration [was] provided”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PCS, para 17.

114 In Benlen, a subcontract provided in cl 14.2 that “[t]his Sub-Contract
shall be varied or modified only with prior written consent from both parties”
[emphasis added] (at [5]). Interpreting this clause, Chan Seng Onn J made the
following observations (at [44]):

… The effect of this clause is that the Subcontract is in fact an agreement
permitting variation. In this regard, I find the following extract from Sean
Wilken QC and Karim Ghaly’s seminal treatise, Wilken and Ghaly: The Law of
Waiver, Variation, and Estoppel (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2012)
(“Wilken and Ghaly”) (at paras 2.42–2.43), to be instructive:

A rigid formal adherence to the requirements of variation creates difficulties
in practice. Such difficulties have been mitigated by two mechanisms for
variation of a contract without the express consent of the parties to, or
consideration for, that variation. The first mechanism is clearly established
and involves construing certain agreements as if the parties had agreed to
permit certain types of variation to those agreements. …

The common law allows agreements permitting variation in two cases. First,
when the parties incorporate within the contract a set of rules themselves
providing for their own variation or amendment. … Second, where the parties
have either expressly or impliedly agreed that one or both of them should have
the power to vary the agreement … that party will have that power.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Applying these principles to the present arrangement under the Subcontract, cl
14.2 of the Subcontract makes it possible to vary the Subcontract even if no
additional consideration is provided, where both parties provide prior written
consent to the proposed variation.

115 The plaintiff relies on the extract from Wilken and Ghaly cited in Benlen
and says that the present case falls within the first mechanism for varying a
contract without consideration, ie, construing the contract as if the parties
had agreed to permit certain types of variation to those agreements. Put
another way, this amounts to a submission that the parties agreed in cl 9.3 of
the CLA on a set of rules governing how the CLA could be varied in a manner
which would bind both parties.

116 I digress to note that the position taken by Chan J in Benlen accepts that
it is permissible for parties to agree now to be bound by a future variation
which is not supported by fresh consideration, ie, consideration given again
at the time of the variation. I too accept that that outcome is conceptually
permissible.

117 Allowing a contractual clause to have this effect is not an inroad on the
doctrine of consideration and does not amount to enforcing a variation without
consideration. This is because the consideration for the clause, given when
the parties entered into the agreement in which the clause resides, suffices
by the parties’ agreement to supply consideration for all future variations.
To use the language of the test in The Law of Contract in Singapore (quoted
above at [96]), any future variation under that clause is sufficiently
connected to the consideration that was given earlier in time for the clause
itself. Put another way, clauses to this effect are a basis for saying that it
was the parties’ intention when they entered into their original contract that
the consideration given for that contract would supply the consideration for
all future variations. In my view, this is consistent with the law on
consideration in Singapore (see especially [92]–[93] above).

118 But Benlen does not assist the plaintiff. The clause which Chan J
construed in Benlen is quite different from cl 9.3 of the CLA in this case.
Clause 14.2 in Benlen stipulated that the subcontract “shall be varied or
modified only with prior written consent from both parties” [emphasis added].
One construction of cl 14.2 is that it sets out exhaustively the requirements
for a variation to be valid and binding. Any such variation would be binding
if it was made with prior written consent with no other requirements including
a requirement for consideration. Clause 14.2 could thus reasonably bear the
construction that the parties had expressly contracted thereby that the
consideration for the original contract would also supply the consideration
necessary for any future variation to be binding.

119 Clause 9.3 of the CLA cannot reasonably bear that construction. Clause 9.3
states that “[n]o amendment or variation of this Agreement shall be effective
unless so amended or varied in writing and signed by each of the Parties”. As
the first defendant submits, cl 9.3 merely prescribes signed writing as a
threshold or minimum requirement for a variation. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE, 8 February 2019, p 17.

On any construction, cl 9.3 does not provide that signed writing is the only
requirement for a future amendment or variation to be binding. For cl 9.3 to
be reasonably capable of bearing that meaning, it would have to read “an
amendment or variation of this Agreement shall be effective if it is so
amended or varied in writing and signed by each of the Parties”. Converting a
non-exhaustive provision like cl 9.3 into an exhaustive form of words in this
way goes beyond a legitimate exercise in construction. It amounts to rewriting
the parties’ contract. Clause 9.3 does not suffice in itself to supply
consideration such that a future variation of the CLA is binding on the
parties so long as it is in writing and signed.

120 I note at this juncture that the plaintiff sought to rely on the contra
proferentum rule by arguing that, because the first defendant drafted both the
CLA and the SA, cl 9.3 ought to be construed against the first defendant. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE, 8 February 2019, p 23.

I reject this argument. In my view, cl 9.3 does not exhaustively prescribe the
requirements for a valid variation of the CLA. There is no ambiguity in the
meaning of cl 9.3. In the absence of ambiguity, there is no scope for the
operation of the contra proferentum rule.

121 I have found that cl 9.3 does not have the effect of allowing the parties
to vary the CLA without consideration for the variation. The plaintiff’s
argument that other clauses of the SA clearly refer to the CLA does not
therefore take it very far. Even if I accept that the variations sought to be
inserted into the CLA by the SA were intended to take effect within the
framework of the CLA, the plaintiff must still show consideration for the SA.
The variations to the CLA benefit only the plaintiff. The plaintiff’s first
argument accordingly fails.

Not a single transaction

122 Next, the plaintiff argues that there was a common understanding between
the parties that the compensation for the plaintiff’s performance of her
obligations under the CLA, ie, the disbursement of the loan, would be the
first defendant’s additional obligations under the SA. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PCS, paras 19 to 23.

The CLA and the SA thus form a single transaction. For this argument, the
plaintiff refers to Rainforest Trading Ltd and another v State Bank of India
Singapore [2012] 2 SLR 713 (“Rainforest Trading”). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PCS, para 21.

123 In Rainforest Trading, the Court of Appeal said (at [38]):

… The courts are understandably (and justifiably) reluctant to invalidate
otherwise perfectly legitimate and valid commercial transactions on as
technical a basis as consideration. A strictly chronological approach in
determining whether consideration is past or not is deeply unrealistic and
unnecessarily restrictive; it also undermines the freedom of contracting
parties as well as the sanctity of commercial transactions … If the earlier
act which is said to constitute the consideration for the later promise is
part of substantially one and the same transaction and there was a common
understanding between the parties that the former was to be compensated for by
the latter, the consideration is valid and hence the later promise is
enforceable, notwithstanding the fact that, in strictly chronological terms,
the consideration was provided before the promise was made. This would often
be the case for many commercial arrangements, particularly loan transactions …

[emphasis added]

I am of course bound by Rainforest Trading. But the case does not assist the
plaintiff on the facts. In Rainforest Trading, the facts unequivocally
established a “common understanding” that the compensation for the loan would
be the subsequent pledge of shares.

124 In Rainforest Trading, a bank agreed to lend US$80m to a borrower to
acquire certain shares. The next day, the borrower fully drew down the loan.
More than five weeks later, a third party deposited the by-then acquired
shares with the bank by way of an equitable mortgage as security for the
borrower’s loan. The borrower defaulted on the loan. The bank sued the third
party to enforce its security. The third party argued that the equitable
mortgage was unsupported by consideration, having been granted after the bank
had disbursed the loan to the borrower.

125 The Court of Appeal rejected the third party’s argument. It found that the
consideration (the bank’s loan of US$80m to the borrower) and the promise (the
equitable mortgage which the third party granted to the bank over the shares)
were part of a single transaction (at [31]).

126 It is not difficult to see why the equitable mortgage and the loan in
Rainforest Trading comprised a single transaction. First, and most crucially,
the loan agreement expressly provided that the equitable mortgage was to be
granted pursuant to and only after the parties entered into and executed the
loan agreement. Second, there was evidence that the third party itself
accepted this to be the case: in two letters to the bank, the third party
acknowledged that it was pledging the shares “with regard to” or “as part of
security for” the loan. Third, the very nature of the parties’ transaction
meant that the equitable mortgage could be granted only after the borrower had
drawn down the loan in order to acquire the shares.

127 None of the factors in Rainforest Trading which connected the legs of the
parties’ single transaction can be found in the plaintiff’s claim.

128 Critical is the evidence of the plaintiff that the SA was the result of a
“re-negotiation” of the terms of the CLA: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AEIC of Ma Hongjin, para 8.

Sometime in March 2015, Sim and [Mr Han] re-negotiated some of the terms of
the CLA as [Mr Han] and I did not feel that [the first and/or second
defendants] had achieved the financial results which Sim had claimed they
would during that 2-month period. [emphasis added]

Mr Han’s evidence in his affidavit of evidence in chief is identical to the
plaintiff’s. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

See AEIC of Han Jianpeng, para 16.

The substance of this evidence is that the CLA was one transaction, the terms
of which were agreed when the parties executed the CLA. The SA was another
transaction, the result of a renegotiation of the terms of the CLA. The SA and
the CLA are separate transactions.

129 On the plaintiff’s own case, she and Mr Han did not contemplate the SA
when the plaintiff entered into the CLA with the first defendant. The SA arose
only because, two months after investing in the defendants via the CLA, the
plaintiff became dissatisfied with the first defendant’s financial results.
The facts of Rainforest Trading are quite different. The bank, the borrower
and the third party contemplated from the outset a single transaction with
three legs: the loan would be granted, the shares would be acquired and then
the shares would be mortgaged to the bank as security for the loan.

130 The present case is one in which the plaintiff and Mr Han realised they
had concluded a poor bargain. They sought to improve the plaintiff’s position
by reopening the concluded bargain in order to vary its terms in her favour.
It is entirely accurate that the plaintiff and Mr Han should themselves
describe the SA as the result of “re-negotiating” the CLA. That is precisely
what the SA was: an attempt to reopen a concluded bargain. The CLA and the SA
were never part of the same transaction. The plaintiff’s second argument is
therefore rejected.

No practical benefit

131 I also do not accept the plaintiff’s final and alternative argument that
the SA is a free-standing contract supported by consideration in the form of a
factual or practical benefit accruing to the first defendant.

132 I deal first with an argument that the plaintiff’s counsel advanced in the
course of the oral closing submissions. He suggested that the parties engaged
in the renegotiations and reached an in-principle agreement on the terms of
the SA in late March 2015, before the plaintiff disbursed the third and final
tranche of the loan on 30 March 2015 (see [12] above). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE, 8 February 2019, pp 6 to 7.

The argument appears to be that the first defendant obtained a factual benefit
by entering into the SA in that the first defendant thereby secured the
plaintiff’s release of the final tranche of the loan.

133 I have no hesitation in rejecting this argument. First, there is no
evidence whatsoever that the renegotiations took place before the plaintiff
disbursed the final tranche of the loan on 30 March 2015. Counsel invited me
to draw this inference from the plaintiff’s evidence in her affidavit of
evidence in chief that the renegotiations took place “[s]ometime in March
2015”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE, 8 February 2019, p 6.

Since the final tranche of the loan was disbursed on 30 March 2015, and since
that was the last day of March 2015, the plaintiff’s submission is that the
renegotiations must inevitably have taken place before the disbursement.

134 There is no evidence whatsoever to support this submission. This sequence
of events is nowhere deposed to in the plaintiff’s affidavits, even though the
plaintiff and Mr Han would have personal knowledge of it if it were true. It
is extraordinary to me that they should remain silent on this crucial point if
it were in fact true. All that is disclosed by the evidence is that the SA was
executed on 16 April 2015, more than two weeks after the plaintiff disbursed
the third tranche of the loan.

135 Second, even if I were to accept as a fact that the renegotiations did
take place before 30 March 2015, it does not follow that the plaintiff’s
disbursement of the third tranche of the loan conferred a practical benefit on
the defendant. On the authority of Williams, I accept that a promisee’s
performance of an existing contractual obligation can constitute consideration
for a promisor’s promise where the promisee’s performance confers a practical
or factual benefit on the promisor. But as I have noted (at [88] above), even
Williams does not suggest that the additional practical benefit to the
promisor can arise from the fact itself that the promisee performs the
existing contractual obligation. There is no evidence that the first defendant
gained some benefit from the plaintiff’s disbursement of the third tranche of
the loan to the first defendant which was extrinsic to the disbursement. The
first defendant had nothing to gain, and on the evidence gained nothing, by
promising improved terms in exchange for the third tranche of a loan which the
plaintiff was obliged to disburse anyway.

136 There is, in any event, no evidence that the plaintiff’s disbursement of
the final tranche of the loan was causally connected in any way to the first
defendant entering into the SA. If that were indeed true, it is even more
remarkable and even more inexplicable that the plaintiff and Mr Han should not
have given positive evidence to that effect in their affidavits of evidence in
chief.

137 Finally, I note that it is not the plaintiff’s case that the parties
reached a binding oral agreement in March 2015 – before the plaintiff
disbursed the final tranche of the loan – to vary the terms of the CLA. The
plaintiff sues only on the written SA, which the parties executed after the
plaintiff had disbursed the third tranche.

138 For all these reasons, I reject the suggestion that the disbursement of
the third tranche of the loan on 30 March 2015 was the consideration for the
SA.

139 The plaintiff’s final argument is that by entering into the SA and
undertaking additional obligations under the CLA, the first defendant obtained
a practical benefit in the form of goodwill from the plaintiff for future
loans for Mr Sim and his related companies. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PCS, para 28.

On the evidence, the plaintiff did indeed extend further loans to related
companies. One example is the loans which the plaintiff extended to the second
defendant between June 2015 and October 2015. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PCS, para 28.

140 I reject this submission. There is no evidence whatsoever that any
goodwill shown by the plaintiff was causally connected to the first defendant
entering into the SA. In fact, the plaintiff concedes that there was no
“specific promise” at the time of the SA to extend future loans to the second
defendant in exchange for the first defendant’s agreement to improve the terms
of the CLA. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE, 8 February 2019, p 9.

The plaintiff argues, nonetheless, that goodwill in fact accrued to the first
defendant as evidenced by the further loans granted to the second defendant. I
do not accept this point. Returning to the basic principle that the
consideration supplied by the promisee must be causally connected to the
promisor’s promise (see [92] above), I do not see how goodwill for future
loans could have been the price of the first defendant’s entry into the SA if
there was no common understanding on this between the parties. In any event,
on the facts, there is nothing to connect the SA to the future loans which the
plaintiff extended to the Biomax group.

Conclusion

141 For all the foregoing reasons, I accept the first defendant’s submission
that it has no case to answer. The plaintiff has failed, on its own evidence,
to establish that the SA is supported by consideration. Judgment must
accordingly be entered for the first defendant in this action, dismissing the
plaintiff’s claim against it.

142 Having delivered my decision, I heard the parties on costs. I bore in mind
the general rule that costs should follow the event, except when it appears
that in the circumstances, some other order should be made, or there are
special reasons for depriving the litigant of his costs in part or in full:
Tullio Planeta v Maoro Andrea G [1994] 2 SLR(R) 501 (“Tullio”) at [21]. Where
a successful party has raised issues or made allegations improperly or
unreasonably, the court may not only deprive him of his costs but may also
order him to pay the whole or part of the unsuccessful party’s costs: Re
Elgindata Ltd (No 2) [1992] 1 WLR 1207 (“Elgindata”), followed and approved in
Tullio at [24].

143 I consider that the rule in Elgindata applies in this case. On the eve of
trial, the first defendant informed the plaintiff that it was abandoning all
its defences save for the consideration defence. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions on Costs, para 9.

The mere fact that the first defendant withdrew these other defences does not
mean, in itself, that the first defendant raised those defences improperly or
unreasonably. However, I accept the plaintiff’s submission 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE, 28 February 2019, p 8.

that in this case, there are other factors which lead to the conclusion that
the first defendant raised and abandoned these defences unreasonably. In
particular, I note that the defence of misrepresentation formed the more
substantial passages of the defence, and compelled the plaintiff’s witnesses
to give substantial evidence on this defence. Yet, the first defendant did not
disclose any documents in discovery in support of this defence, or indeed of
any of its abandoned defences.

144 Thus, I accept that I should depart from the general rule on costs in this
case. Exceptionally, I also accept that on the facts of this case, I should
not only deprive the first defendant of the costs of the abandoned defences
but award those costs against the first defendant and to the plaintiff.

145 As to quantum, I have rejected both the parties’ submissions. It appears
to me from the pleadings that the work done on both the consideration defence
and the abandoned defences was almost equal. Therefore, I ordered the
plaintiff to pay the first defendant the costs of this action fixed at $20,000
and limited to the consideration defence. I also ordered the first defendant
to pay the plaintiff the costs of this action also fixed at $20,000 being the
costs incurred by the plaintiff in dealing with all of the abandoned defences.
The effect is that the costs orders cancel each other out leaving each party
to bear its own costs.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Derek Kang and Kathy Chu (Cairnhill Law LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Alvin Tan (Wong Thomas & Leong) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

