Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 214

Suit No 549 of 2015 (Taking of Accounts or Inquiries No 1 of 2018)

Between

(1)| Philip Antony Jeyaretnam  
---|---  
(2)| Ruhunadevi Daphne Inparani A Joshua  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Kulandaivelu Malayaperumal  
---|---  
(2)| Gopal Subramanian  
(3)| Arulampalam Kanthimathy  
(4)| Parvathi d/o Somu  
(5)| Thirumurthy Ayernaar Pamabayan  
  
… Defendants

And

| Thirumurthy Ayernaar Pamabayan  
---|---  
  
… Third Party

(1)| Pramela d/o Govindasamy  
---|---  
(2)| Housing and Development Board  
  
… Non-parties

Oral Judgment

[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts] — [Housing and Development Act (Cap 129, 2004
Rev Ed]

[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts] — [Fiduciary relationship]

[Equity] — [Equitable lien] — [Housing and Development Act (Cap 129, 2004 Rev
Ed]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Philip Antony Jeyaretnam and another

  

v

  

Kulandaivelu Malayaperumal and others

  
(

Thirumurthy Ayernaar Pamabayan, third party; Pramela d/o Govindasamy and
another, non-parties)

[2019] SGHC 214

High Court — Suit No 549 of 2015 (Taking of Accounts or Inquiries No 1 of
2018)  
Debbie Ong J  
5 February, 11 April, 12 September 2018, 20 February, 9 May 2019

30 August 2019 Judgment reserved.

Debbie Ong J:

Background facts and findings

1 The present decision arises from the taking of accounts in Suit No 549 of
2015. On 15 May 2017, I gave my decision in the main suit and found in favour
of the plaintiffs. Unfortunately, the plaintiffs have struggled to recover the
moneys which were the subject matter of my judgment.

2 The plaintiffs are the executors of the Estate of Dr Paul Freda Malliamalar
(“Dr Paul”), and were previously her court-appointed deputies. Dr Paul was a
paediatrician at the Singapore General Hospital and taught at the University
of Singapore (now the National University of Singapore). She passed away on 6
August 2016 at the age of 87 years.

3 While Dr Paul was alive, she lived in a property at Haig Road (“the Haig
Road property”) for many years. The first defendant, Mr Kulandaivelu
Malayaperumal (“Perumal”) was employed as a construction worker sometime in
2001 and worked on a building adjacent to the Haig Road property. Perumal
carried out some repair jobs for Dr Paul and befriended her. He eventually
moved in to the Haig Road property with Dr Paul sometime around mid-2009 and
played a role in the sale of the property and the purchase of a second
property at Ceylon Road. In 2010, two cash gifts were made by Dr Paul to
Perumal totalling a sum of $2 million. I held in the main suit that Dr Paul
had no mental capacity to make the gift of $2 million to Perumal, finding also
that Perumal had exerted influence over Dr Paul and hindered her independence
in decision-making.

4 Perumal married the first non-party, Mdm Pramela d/o Govindasamy (“Mdm
Pramela”) in November 2010. As the plaintiffs seek an order against the
Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) flat jointly owned by Perumal and Mdm
Pramela (“the HDB flat”), she has entered an appearance as a non-party. Given
the possible implications of this decision on HDB flats, the HDB has also
entered an appearance as a non-party.

5 The HDB flat is presently held in the names of Perumal and Mdm Pramela as
joint tenants. Both of them were granted the option to purchase the flat in
2011, and completion took place on 30 April 2014 for a sale price of $439,800.
This payment was made in several tranches:

(a) Down-payment of $43,960 from Mdm Pramela’s CPF account;

(b) $66,465 from Mdm Pramela’s CPF account; and

(c) $329,812.55 by cheque.

6 On the date of completion on 30 April 2014, Perumal made a payment of
$329,812.55 by cheque to HDB. This sum amounted to at least 74.99% of the
purchase price of the flat. It constitutes a meagre 16% of the $2 million that
Dr Paul had given to Perumal.

7 The plaintiffs sought to establish either an institutional or a remedial
constructive trust over the interest represented by the sum of $329,812.55 in
the HDB Flat.

8 I heard the trial for the taking of accounts and was satisfied that the sum
of $329,812.55 used to pay for the purchase of the HDB flat was moneys Perumal
received from Dr Paul. Perumal had initially maintained that the contribution
which came from Dr Paul’s money amounted only to $175,000. However, the
documents showed that Perumal had made a payment of the sum of $329,812.55 to
the HDB on 30 April 2014. From Perumal’s OCBC bank account statements, it was
clear that he had earlier transferred a sum of $300,000 on 29 January 2014
into Mdm Pramela’s bank account. This same sum was transferred back into his
OCBC bank account on 30 April 2014. Perumal did not fully disclose and provide
the relevant information to the court. The plaintiffs had to seek the
assistance of court orders in order to obtain the disclosures of his bank
statements and other relevant information. His bank statements also show large
sums of moneys being transferred about – for example, $100,000 was withdrawn
on 6 February 2012, another $100,000 was withdrawn on 8 February 2012,
$100,000 was deposited on 8 November 2012, $50,000 was withdrawn on 12
December 2012 and $100,000 was withdrawn on 10 June 2013. Perumal was not
cooperative in giving disclosure and explanation for the large movements of
moneys. Considering the evidence as a whole, I find that the sum of
$329,812.55 was moneys Perumal received from Dr Paul.

9 At the hearing, I asked if the equitable lien might be applicable here and
directed further submissions on the matter. I also appointed Mr Jamal Siddique
Peer as the young amicus curiae to assist in the various legal issues
presented by the current case. I record my deep appreciation to Mr Siddique
for his very helpful assistance.

Constructive Trust

10 The plaintiffs submitted that Perumal is a constructive trustee either
under an institutional constructive trust (“ICT”) or a remedial constructive
trust (“RCT”) over the two cash gifts made by Dr Paul to him in January and
July 2010 totalling a sum of $2 million.

11 The distinction between an institutional constructive trust and a remedial
constructive trust draws from the House of Lords decision in Westdeutsche
Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington London Borough Council [1996] AC 669
(“Westdeutsche”). The distinction was subsequently endorsed by our Court of
Appeal in Ching Mun Fong v Liu Cho Chit [2001] 1 SLR(R) 856. In an
institutional constructive trust, the trust arises by operation of law from
the date of the circumstances which give rise to it: the function of the court
is merely to declare that such trust has arisen in the past. A remedial
constructive trust is a judicial remedy giving rise to an enforceable
equitable obligation, and this lies at the discretion of the court:
Westdeutsche at 714–715.

Institutional constructive trust

12 The plaintiffs argued that an institutional constructive trust ought to
arise in this case because (a) the nature of the relationship between Perumal
and Dr Paul was a fiduciary one, notwithstanding that that it did not fall
within the traditional categories of fiduciary relationship and (b) Perumal
breached his fiduciary duties owed to Dr Paul. Relying on Guy Neale and others
v Nine Squares Pty Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 1097 (“Guy Neale”), the plaintiffs
submitted that the court should declare an institutional constructive trust as
the property in question was dealt with in an unconscionable manner.

Was Perumal a “fiduciary”

13 The plaintiffs cited Lord Justice Millett in Bristol and West Building
Society Mothew [1998] Ch 1 as the applicable test on who a fiduciary is: “a
fiduciary is someone who has undertaken to act for or on behalf of another in
a particular manner of circumstances which give rise to a relationship of
trust and confidence” (emphasis added).

14 In the decision of Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong
Hua and others and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 655, the Court of Appeal said
of the term “fiduciary”:

42 There is no universal definition for the term, though we note that there
appears to be growing judicial support for the view that a fiduciary is
“someone who has undertaken to act for or on behalf of another in a particular
matter in circumstances which give rise to a relationship of trust and
confidence” …. It has also been said that “[f]iduciary duties are obligations
imposed by law as a reaction to particular circumstances of responsibility
assumed by one person in respect of the conduct of the affairs of another” …
The concept of a fiduciary has also been described as one that “encaptures a
situation where one person is in a relationship with another which gives rise
to a legitimate expectation, which equity will recognise, that the fiduciary
will not utilise his or her position in such a way which is adverse to the
interests of the principal” …

43 While there are settled categories of fiduciary relationships – such as the
relationship of a trustee-beneficiary, director-company, solicitor-client,
between partners – it does not mean that all such relationships are invariably
fiduciary relationships. In these relationships, there is a strong, but
rebuttable, presumption that fiduciary duties are owed. Equally, the
categories of fiduciary relationships are not closed or limited only to the
settled categories. Fiduciary duties may be owed even if the relationship
between the parties is not one of the settled categories, provided that the
circumstances justify the imposition of such duties ….

15 On the facts of the present case, I find sufficient evidence of a fiduciary
relationship between Perumal and Dr Paul. In my decision delivered on 15 May
2017, I had found that:

Parvathi also gave evidence that she would always be required to get
permission from Perumal or Kanthi to visit Dr Paul and that Perumal and Kanthi
would impose limitations as to what Parvathi could do for Dr Paul. She was
denied access to Dr Paul in mid-2010 despite there being no suggestion that Dr
Paul did not want her to visit.

Furthermore, it is not disputed that Perumal had stayed in the Haig Road
property for at least 2 months in mid-2009 leading up to September 2009.
Perumal was also the one who contacted Parvathi to be the real estate agent. I
accept Parvathi’s evidence that she had to contact Perumal and/or Gopal in
order to meet Dr Paul although the sale concerned the property owned by Dr
Paul. Dr Paul’s instructions were also mostly conveyed through Perumal and
Gopal and Dr Paul hardly participated in the discussions. When it came to
purchasing a new home, Parvathi’s evidence was that Gopal and Perumal were the
ones who would go through the list of potential property and told Parvathi
which they were interested to view. I note in particular an incident of
outburst where Dr Paul expressed her desire not to move out of the Haig Road
property. I find it telling of the uncertainties and pressures that Dr Paul
may have been under with regard to selling the property.

In my judgment, these actual circumstances of Dr Paul’s life at that time
cause concern and are relevant to the present suit. From the evidence above, I
find that the defendants have supplied hindrances to Dr Paul’s independence in
decision-making. She was cut off from her friends and relatives who may have
been able to give her advice, or simply assisted her in thinking through
various matters more clearly. She was clearly reliant on Perumal and Kanthi.
The evidence given by the various witnesses as described above paint a state
of affairs where Dr Paul was likely to have been influenced into making the
Early 2010 Gifts. Perumal and Kanthi had the greatest opportunity for
unhindered and near exclusive access to Dr Paul for the years prior to and at
the time of the making of the gifts and payments. They acted in a manner that
prevented any intervention from family or friends who might otherwise have put
a stop to their influence on Dr Paul. Gopal had access to Dr Paul for a
shorter period of time. I note Dr Tan’s expert opinion during the trial was
that if a dementia patient is dependent on certain individuals, she may be
easily influenced by these individuals, especially if they are her caregivers.

[emphasis added in bold]

16 My findings in the main suit highlighted in bold above are most pertinent
to my finding of a fiduciary relationship. Dr Paul was elderly, physically
weak, in need of care and showed signs of mental impairment. Perumal moved
into her home and his own evidence was that he assisted in caring for Dr Paul
and carried out various acts on her behalf. These acts involved monetary
transactions and important matters such as where she would live. In
particular, Perumal was centrally involved in the selling of Dr Paul’s Haig
Road property and her subsequent purchase of the Ceylon Road property. Dr Paul
was clearly reliant on Perumal. Theirs was a relationship of trust and
confidence and Perumal certainly knew that. I hold that Perumal was in a
fiduciary relationship vis-à-vis Dr Paul.

Basis for an institutional constructive trust

17 Mr Siddique appeared to think that the present case did not fall within any
of the traditional categories in which an institutional constructive trust is
imposed. His submissions relied on cases involving voidable transactions, for
example, fraudulent misrepresentation cases where the court imposed a
constructive trust to suggest that a similar trust should be imposed where a
gift was transferred by an individual lacking mental capacity.

18 Mr Siddique cited various authorities seeking to establish that an
institutional constructive trust is imposed where a contract is procured by
fraudulent misrepresentation. Relying on Lord Sumption’s dicta in Angove’s Pty
Ltd v Bailey and another [2016] 1 WLR 3179 at [30] for the foundation of an
institutional trust as being at least partly based on vitiated intention, he
submitted that an institutional constructive trust should similarly arise over
a gift transferred by a person lacking mental capacity, as this too was an
example of “vitiated consent”.

19 I note that Mr Siddique’s submission is that an institutional constructive
trust should be imposed in the present case. I agree with that ultimate
outcome he has submitted, but I do not think that the basis of such a
constructive trust needed to be premised on an extended category as submitted
by him.

20 The authorities show that an institutional constructive trust is imposed
where a fiduciary breaches his fiduciary duties to make a profit for himself.
Professor Tang Hang Wu, in Principles of the Law of Restitution in Singapore
(Academy Publishing, 2019) states (at [10.040]):

Currently, the constructive trust arises in a wide array of situations. A non-
exhaustive list of when a court may declare a constructive trust includes
situations where there is:

…

(e) a breach of fiduciary duty.

21 Prof Tang cites a substantial number of case and academic authorities at
footnote 124 on “a breach of fiduciary duty” as a basis for the institutional
constructive trust. One of these is Guy Neale. The Court of Appeal in this
case explained that (at [126]) “(t)he principle underlying the imposition of
an institutional constructive trust in these circumstances [of abuse of a
fiduciary position] is that a person must not use his position to gain a
benefit for himself when he owes obligations of the utmost good faith and
loyalty to another.”

22 I have found that the facts and circumstances of this case gave rise to a
relationship of trust and confidence where Dr Paul relied on Perumal for her
physical care as well as the management of important issues including those
involving large sums of moneys. Perumal abused her trust to enrich himself. My
findings in the main suit quoted at [15] above provide a picture of how
Perumal breached his fiduciary duty, influencing Dr Paul to make the gifts
totalling $2 million to himself. He was found to have “supplied hindrances to
Dr Paul’s independence in decision-making. She was cut off from her friends
and relatives who may have been able to give her advice, or simply assisted
her in thinking through various matters more clearly. She was clearly reliant
on Perumal …. [and] likely to have been influenced into making the Early 2010
Gifts. … it also appears that Dr Paul was not well taken care of, contrary to
what the defendants claimed.” The breach of fiduciary duty gave rise to an
institutional constructive trust over the moneys received by Perumal.

Remedial Constructive Trust

23 The plaintiffs argued that “the basis of the RCT in Singapore appears to be
founded on fault and “is predicated on a state of knowledge which renders it
unconscionable for the recipient to keep the moneys”. The few cases in which
the courts have considered whether or not to impose a remedial constructive
trust appear to me consistent with the notion that a remedial constructive
trust is premised on “fault”. However, I note that this doctrine is less
developed than that of the institutional constructive trust. The Court of
Appeal observed in Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve [2013] 3 SLR 801
(at [172]) that “[t]he basis of an RCT in Singapore law at its present stage
of development therefore appears to be founded on fault”, suggesting that the
basis of a remedial constructive trust is still in its developmental stages in
Singapore.

24 Having found an institutional constructive trust and noting that it is a
long-established doctrine, I do not think it necessary to go further into this
submission. What I do need to address is whether an institutional constructive
trust can arise in respect of the HDB flat.

Sections 51(10) and (6) of the Housing and Development Act (Cap 129, 2004 Rev
Ed) (“HDA")

25 Section 51(10) of the HDA states:

No person shall become entitled to any protected property (or any interest in
such property) under any resulting or constructive trust whensoever created or
arising.

26 This provision prohibits a party who is ineligible to own HDB property from
having any interest in the HDB property by virtue of a resulting or
constructive trust. Mr Siddique submitted that HDB Property is simply
incapable of being considered a trust asset due to the operation of section
51(10). I agree with this position.

27 The plaintiffs, on the other hand, focused on Low Heng Leon Andy v Low Kian
Beng Lawrence (administrator of the estate of Tan Ah Kng, deceased) (“Andy
Low”) [2013] 3 SLR 710, where the court held (at [20]) that the way in which s
51(10) of the HDA operates is to prevent ineligible persons from becoming
entitled to a HDB flat by way of a resulting or constructive trust, but does
not void the underlying transaction or transfer. An example was where
ineligible persons under the HDA inherit HDB flats: “[Such persons] are not
allowed to keep the flats, but are entitled to the sale proceeds” (Andy Low at
[22]). They submit that applying this principle to the present case, the
underlying constructive trust imposed is not nullified, and the plaintiffs are
not prevented from taking an interest in the HDB Flat.

28 I observe that there was no constructive trust imposed on the facts of Andy
Low. The issue there was whether a proprietary estoppel as a cause of action
is precluded by s 51(10) of the HDA: Andy Low at [23]. The court explained
that “a claim in proprietary estoppel is based on an equity which may be
satisfied by various means, including ways by which an interest in land need
not be part of the remedy”: Andy Low at [29].

29 In the present case, the plaintiffs seek to recover the sum of $329,812.55
through an order of sale of the HDB flat and recovering that sum from its sale
proceeds. There is no dispute that the plaintiffs are not eligible persons for
the purposes of the HDA. As s 51(10) of the HDA applies to the present facts,
there can be no constructive trust in the HDB flat even though I have found
that Perumal holds the moneys he received from Dr Paul under a constructive
trust. It follows that as no constructive trust can arise in favour of the
plaintiffs, there is no basis to order a sale of the HDB flat.

30 However, the imposition of an equitable lien is not prohibited under s
51(10) of the HDA and I shall address this next.

Equitable lien

31 Mr Siddique’s submissions on the equitable lien cited the Court of Appeal’s
decision in Bestland Development Pte Ltd v Manit Udomkunnatum and another
[1997] 1 SLR(R) 177 which adopted Hewett v Court (1983) 149 CLR 639: “An
equitable lien is a right against property which arises automatically by
implication of equity to secure a discharge of an actual or potential
indebtedness”. He submits that an equitable lien is not precluded by s 51(10)
of the HDA as the interest does not take the form of a resulting or
constructive trust. The plaintiffs also made this similar submission. I accept
that the equitable lien is not prohibited by s 51(10) of the HDA.

32 Mr Siddique further submitted that s 51(6) of the HDA provides that a HDB
flat cannot be attached in execution of an order save for two exceptions. The
provision reads:

No protected property shall be attached in execution of an order of any court
unless the order of court is obtained by –

(a) a mortgagee in exercise of his rights under a mortgage created with the
prior written consent of the Board over that property; or

(b) a chargee in exercise of his rights under a charge under any written law
over that property.

33 He cited Hitachi Leasing (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Vincent Ambrose and another
[2001] 1 SLR(R) 762 where the court observed that the objective of s 51(6) is
to “preserve the home of the HDB owner” and that a compulsory sale of the flat
by a creditor is prohibited. He submitted that a court should be slow to order
a compulsory sale of a HDB flat in satisfaction of a security interest.

34 In my view, imposing an equitable lien does not necessarily result in an
order for sale. It is possible to impose an equitable lien but still preserve
the home of the HDB dwellers until an event (such as a voluntary sale) occurs
where sale proceeds can be used to satisfy the equitable lien.

35 Where a claimant seeks a claim against a substituted asset which exists in
the hands of the trustee, the claimant may elect between remedies, whether it
be by way of an equitable lien or the entire beneficial ownership of the
substituted asset under a constructive trust. The court in Parakou Shipping
Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Liu Cheng Chan and others [2017] SGHC 15, citing
Snell’s Equity (John McGhee, ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2015) noted (at
[181]):

[The claimant] may enforce an equitable lien against [the asset] for the value
of the original asset which was applied to acquire it. Alternatively, he may
claim the entire beneficial ownership of the substituted asset under a
constructive trust …

36 In the present case, s 51(10) of the HDA prohibits the court from imposing
a constructive trust on Perumal’s HDB flat. Therefore, the only remedy
remaining is the imposition of an equitable lien against the property in the
value of $329,812.55 – this was part of the moneys held on constructive trust
and was applied to acquire the property. The more pertinent question is
whether an equitable lien may be imposed on a HDB property, given the policy
behind s 51 of the HDA.

37 I am of the view that the imposition of an equitable lien is appropriate in
the present case. Perumal has been found to have known, or ought to have
known, that Dr Paul had no mental capacity; moreover, he actively abused her
trust by influencing her to make the gifts (see [15]-[16] and [22] of this
judgment, above). Section 51(6) of the HDA may have been aimed at protecting
the HDB flat owner from losing his home and affecting his and his family’s
shelter against creditors, but the present case goes beyond such a situation.
The HDB flat owner in this case, Perumal, had acted in breach of his fiduciary
duty and profited from his breaches. An equitable lien is the least that the
law must do in the circumstances where a more effective remedy of a
constructive trust is expressly prohibited by statute. Further, the imposition
of an equitable lien is still consistent with preserving the home if an order
of sale is not immediately made (see [34] above). An equitable lien itself,
without more, does not transgress the provisions or policy of the HDA.

38 The equitable lien is proprietary in nature and constitutes a caveatable
interest. However, I will not order a sale of the HDB flat under the present
circumstances. Mdm Pramela is a joint owner of the flat and I take that into
account in reaching my decision in declining to make an order of sale. My
decision reaches a fair balance between enabling the plaintiffs a real remedy
and ensuring protection over the home of HDB flat owners.

Other orders

39 The plaintiff also seeks other declarations, specifically:

(a) a declaration that Perumal has not provided a full account of the use of
the gifts totalling S$2,000,000 made by Dr Paul to him in January and July
2010;

(b) a declaration that Perumal held and/or continues to hold the said sum of
S$2,000,000 on constructive trust for the Estate given that the gifts
totalling S$2,000,000 made by Dr Paul to Perumal in January and July 2010 were
set aside pursuant to the judgment in the main suit;

(c) a declaration that Perumal held and/or continues to hold any property that
he purchased with the said sum of S$2,000,000 on constructive trust for the
Estate and in particular but not in any way limiting the generality of the
foregoing:-

(i) that Perumal had purchased the Pondicherry property entirely with the
gifts and not from his own resources; and

(ii) a sum approximately amounting to S$125,000 (=INR 4,375,000.00 as per
exchange rate in 2010), which comprised part of the gifts, was invested into
his son’s businesses.

Conclusion

40 For the above reasons, I decline to order the sale of the HDB flat.
However, I hold that there is an equitable lien on the HDB flat for
$329,812.55.

41 Perumal should co-operate to find ways to return the sums Dr Paul has given
him when she lacked the mental capacity to do so. His conduct in these
proceedings show that he does not agree with the court’s findings and
continues to assert that he deserved the moneys. I further hold that:

(a) Perumal has not provided a full account of the use of the gifts totalling
S$2,000,000 made by Dr Paul to him in January and July 2010;

(b) Perumal held and/or continues to hold the said sum of S$2,000,000 on
constructive trust for the Estate;

(c) Perumal had purchased the Pondicherry property entirely with the moneys
given to him by Dr Paul (the S$2,000,000 referred to in [41(a) and (b)] and
not from his own resources. For clarity, I state that the Pondicherry property
encompasses the Property and the house erected on the Property.

42 The other orders prayed for are excluded as the evidence have fallen short
of what is required for me to make those holdings.

Debbie Ong  
Judge

Herman Jeremiah, Mark Lewis Shan and Lee Chia Ming (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson
LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
The first defendant in person;  
The second, third, fourth and fifth defendants and the third party absent and
unrepresented;  
The first non-party in person;  
Rajashree Rajan (HDB (Legal Group)) for the second non-party;  
Jamal Siddique Peer (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) as young amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

