Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 181

Originating Summons No 961 of 2017

In the matter of Order 53, Rule 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, Rule 5)

And

In the matter of Sections 40, 39A and 74 of the Stamp Duties Act (Cap 312)

And

In the matter of Section 18 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322)

And

In the matter of Section 36 of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1)

And

In the matter of an application for leave to apply for judicial review

by Asia Development Pte Ltd

And

In the matter of Stamp Duties (Non-Licensed Housing Developers) (Remission of
ABSD) Rules 2015

Asia Development Pte Ltd

… Applicant

judgment

[Administrative Law] — [Judicial review] — [Exercise of discretion]

[Revenue Law] — [Stamp duties] — [Remission]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Asia Development Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 181

High Court — Originating Summons No 961 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
11 February, 12 March, 30 April, 16 July 2019

2 August 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applicant, Asia Development Pte Ltd, was obliged to pay what is known as
an “additional buyer’s stamp duty” (“ABSD”) under the Stamp Duties Act (Cap
312, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) on a property known as 55 Moonstone Lane. The
ABSD claimed in this case was a total of $564,120.00. The applicant applied
for a remission of the ABSD on the undertaking that it would complete the
development and sale of the property by 5 August 2015.

2 After several appeals for an extension of time, the deadline for the
property to be developed was extended by the Commissioner of Stamp Duties
(“Commissioner”) to 31 October 2015, but the deadline for the property to be
sold remained at 5 August 2015. As neither deadline was met, the Commissioner
ordered the payment of the ABSD with interest (amounting to $577,471.00) by 15
November 2015. The property, which had been developed into two semi-detached
houses, was eventually sold around a year after the deadline had expired, on 1
July and 15 August 2016. After the applicant’s sixth appeal for the ABSD to be
remitted back to it was rejected on 23 May 2017, the applicant appealed under
the Act and requested that the Commissioner state a case for the appeal in Tax
Appeal No 14 of 2017. The Commissioner demurred on the ground that the
decision to reject the remission was made by the Minister of Finance.

3 There were two significant events that the applicant says caused it not to
be able to complete the development and sale of the property on time. First,
the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”) required the applicant to acquire a
segment of remnant land adjacent to the property. Second, the applicant had
terminated the employment of its project manager on the grounds of corruption.

4 Tax Appeal No 14 of 2017 was stayed after the applicant filed an application
for judicial review under this Originating Summons for various orders which
can be summarised as follows. First, the applicant asks that the Minister of
Finance be directed to reconsider the application for the extension of time
for the applicant to develop and sell the property. Second, in so far as the
decision not to allow the ABSD to be repaid to the applicant is concerned, the
applicant wants a declaration that the decision, having been made by the Chief
Tax Policy Officer under the Minister, amounted to an unlawful delegation of
duty by the Minister.

5 The above are the main prayers under this Originating Summons. The rest are
ancillary to them, even though the applicant is claiming that it was
unconscionable to impose the ABSD on a developer when its inability to meet
the remission deadline was not caused by its own volition. The applicant thus
asks for a refund of the ABSD.

6 The provision for ABSD is set out in s 4(1) of the Act, which is enforced by
the Commissioner as an independent body, but in this instance, s 74 of the Act
confers a discretionary power on the Minister to impose such conditions as he
may think necessary on the reduction or remission of ABSD. I set out below the
relevant portions of s 74, namely, s 74(1) and s 74(2B) —

Power to reduce or remit duties

74.—(1) The Minister may, in his discretion and subject to such conditions as
he may impose, reduce or remit, prospectively or retrospectively, in the whole
or any part of Singapore, the duties with which any instrument or any
particular class of instruments, or any of the instruments belonging to such
class, or any instrument when executed by or in favour of any particular class
of persons, or by or in favour of any members of such class, are chargeable.

…

(2B) The Minister may, in any particular case, in his discretion and at any
time waive in whole or in part any condition imposed under subsection (1).

“Minister” is not defined in the Act, but is defined in s 2 of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) as follows:

“Minister” means the Minister for the time being charged with the
responsibility for the department or subject to which the context refers.

7 Discretionary powers differ from duties prescribed under rules in that rules
are non-discretionary – they are clear and express mandates that admit only of
exceptions that can be found in the rules themselves. A discretionary power
leaves in the hand that wields it a latitude to infuse reasons and choices not
expressed in any rule. Section 74(1), as can be seen, gives the Minister wide
powers relating to the amount of ABSD to be paid, remitted, or waived.

8 A discretionary executive order cannot be set aside unless the applicant can
show that the Minister had exercised his discretion wrongfully, usually where
it had been made on the basis of apparent bias or in failing to provide a fair
hearing. In the present case, neither of these grounds are relevant. The
applicant’s submission that he was entitled to a right of hearing before his
claim was rejected by the Minister is misconceived, especially on his own case
that the Minister has to determine each application himself. In cases where a
tribunal has the power to exercise its discretion, the challenge would
generally be based on the ground of apparent bias. In the applicant’s case,
there is no basis to hold that the discretionary power under s 74(1) is to be
exercised in a hearing in which the requirement of audi alteram partem
(listening to the other side) rule applies. Here, the Act confers an absolute
discretion upon the Minister, and it was the applicant who was applying for
the decision to be reconsidered. He cannot be placed in a better position than
what his original right provides for, namely, to apply for a remission.

9 The first argument advanced by Mr Mohamed Ibrahim, counsel for the
applicant, was that the decision not to remit the ABSD was based on matters
which the applicant had no control over. These are the matters referred to in
paragraph 3 above.

10 The provisions applicable in this case are fiscal in nature and are not
regulatory or punitive. There is no provision that an applicant is entitled to
a remission of the ABSD as of right if the conditions imposed could not be met
because of circumstances beyond his control. The applicant is not being
punished because the conditions imposed were not met. Furthermore, Mr Khoo Boo
Jin, for the Attorney-General, had satisfied me that the applicant had not
been factually correct when he claimed that the requirement by the URA for the
acquisition of the remnant land caused a delay of 12 months and 9 days. It
turned out that the applicant had also failed to obtain the necessary permits
from the Building and Construction Authority to carry out the works earlier.
So, contrary to the claim that the delay was caused by events beyond his
control (which would not have helped his case in any event), it was caused
partly by the applicant himself.

11 For the efficient application of the ABSD remission requirement, the
authorities only require that the property be developed and sold within the
deadline given. In this case, an extension of the deadline relating to the
development had been granted, but the deadline for the sale, which can be
complied with independently of the development of the property, was not. The
time imposed by the minister is within the discretion conferred on him by
Parliament, and his refusal to extend the deadline cannot be construed as an
unreasonable or wrong exercise of the minister’s discretion. Adapting an
illustration by Bruce Cannon Gibney, the author of The Nonsense Factory, if a
person is given the discretion to order a steak, he is entitled to order a
porterhouse and not a tenderloin. That is the nature of a discretionary power.

12 The second argument advanced by Mr Ibrahim was that s 74(1) of the Act
conferred the powers there upon the Minister, and that power cannot be
delegated by the Minister to a subordinate. Counsel referred to several cases,
notably, Re Golden Chemical Products [1976] 2 All ER 543, and AG of Quebec v
Carrières Ste. Thérèse Ltée [1985] 1 SCR 831. Relying on these cases, Mr
Ibrahim submits that where it is clear in the context, a power granted to a
Minister must be exercised by that Minister personally. In the latter case,
the legislation in question specifically states that the power may be
exercised by the “Minister… himself”. Section 74(1) of the Act does not. It is
also clear to me that the context of this case does not suggest that the
discretion to impose conditions and remit the ABSD are decisions that the
Minister must make personally. These are clearly executions of an
administrative power that is conferred upon the Minister as representing the
ministry in charge. I am also of the opinion that context in a case like this
must include the nature of the administrative and executive functions of the
jurisdiction in question, and the cases cited by Mr Ibrahim concern such
functions from foreign jurisdictions. Mr Khoo referred to the more pertinent
case of Carltona Ltd v Commissioners of Works [1943] 2 All ER 560 (“Carltona”)
for the proposition that a reference to powers conferred on a Minister may be
exercised by officials in the ministry of that Minister.

13 Half a century ago, we were a fledgling common law jurisdiction with scant
local cases to follow in keeping faith with the doctrine of stare decisis,
which, as a doctrine, requires a court to be bound by a higher court within
the same jurisdiction. Foreign judgments, English cases included, were
strictly not binding but regarded as persuasive authority. In present times,
law and culture across the common law world have changed and require courts to
be careful in accepting judicial pronouncements from other jurisdictions.
Despite this, the words of Lord Greene in Carltona ring out with even greater
force today, with government burgeoning in size and responsibilities. The
learned judge in that case held at p 563:

In the administration of government in this country the functions which are
given to ministers (and constitutionally properly given to ministers because
they are constitutionally responsible) are functions so multifarious that no
minister could ever personally attend to them. To take the example of the
present case no doubt there have been thousands of requisitions in this
country by individual ministries. It cannot be supposed that this regulation
meant that, in each case, the minister in person should direct his mind to the
matter. The duties imposed upon ministers and the powers given to ministers
are normally exercised under the authority of the ministers by responsible
officials of the department.

14 I am satisfied from the affidavit filed by the Chief Tax Policy Officer,
Miss Doreen Tan, that she has the seniority and power to decide whether an
extension of time should be granted for the applicant to develop and sell the
property. She was also entitled to determine whether the ABSD ought to be
remitted in the circumstances of the applicant’s case. All these matters are
part of the work of the ministry of the Minister in charge. It is not
reasonable to interpret s 74(1) as directing the Minister himself to study
each application on the merits, but, of course, he must take the
responsibility of the acts of his officers in the discharge of such duties.

15 In the circumstances, the discretion of the Minister not to grant a further
extension of time is, therefore, not justiciable on the ground advanced by Mr
Ibrahim. That being the case, the discretion not to remit on the ground that
the condition imposed had not been met is also not justiciable.

16 For these reasons, the application fails and is dismissed. I will hear
parties on costs at a later date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Mohamed Ibrahim s/o Mohamed Yakub (Achievers LLC) for the Applicant;  
Khoo Boo Jin, Louis Ng Shi Zheng, Ailene Chou Xiujue, Kelvin Chong Yue Hua and
Yeo Gek Min (Attorney-General's Chambers) for Ministry of Finance;  
Afzal Ali (Allen & Gledhill LLP) on watching brief for Inland Revenue
Authority of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

