Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2019] SGCA 49

Court of Appeal – Civil Appeal No 90 of 2018 (Summons No 122 of 2018, Summons
No 4 of 2019 and Summons No 68 of 2019)

Between

Jannie Chan Siew Lee  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Henry Tay Yun Chwan  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of HC/OS 203/2017

In the matter of the Judgment dated 15 February 2016 in Suit 1014 of 2014

Between

Henry Tay Yun Chwan  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Jannie Chan Siew Lee  
---  
|  
  
… Defendant

Ex Tempore Judgment

[Contempt of Court] — [Civil contempt] — [Execution of order of committal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Jannie Chan Siew Lee

  

v

  

Henry Tay Yun Chwan

[2019] SGCA 49

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 90 of 2018 (Summons No 122 of 2018, Summons
No 4 of 2019 and Summons No 68 of 2019)  
Tay Yong Kwang JA, Belinda Ang Saw Ean J and Quentin Loh J  
9 September 2019

9 September 2019

Tay Yong Kwang JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 On 2 August 2017, the High Court found the appellant guilty of contempt of
Court in that she had failed to comply with the consent judgment entered in
Suit No 1014 of 2014. The High Court imposed imprisonment of two weeks but
suspended its execution for one year subject to two conditions. First, the
appellant was not to be guilty of further contempt of Court by breaching the
consent judgment. Second, the appellant was to undergo psychiatric treatment
once a month within the said one-year period and to furnish proof of such
attendance to the respondent.

2 On 23 April 2018, the High Court found that the appellant had breached both
conditions. The High Court lifted the suspension on the committal order but
granted a stay of execution of the imprisonment pending the appellant’s appeal
to the Court of Appeal.

3 In the respondent’s application in Summons No 4 of 2019 made pending the
hearing of this appeal, we admitted the respondent’s affidavit by consent by
way of paper hearing in February 2019. That affidavit set out the alleged
continuing breaches by the appellant that took place after the High Court’s
decision on 23 April 2018.

4 Today, we have granted the appellant’s application in Summons No 122 of 2018
and admitted Dr Joshua Kua’s psychiatric report dated 18 September 2018. We
also decided to admit Dr Joshua Kua’s psychiatric report of 28 June 2019
although it was issued after the application in Summons No 122 of 2018. Both
psychiatric reports concerned the appellant’s medical treatment after the said
High Court’s decision. We also granted the respondent’s further application in
Summons No 68 of 2019 to adduce further evidence of the appellant’s alleged
continuing breaches of the consent judgment between 22 January 2019 and 20
June 2019. We admitted all these documents as they would give a more complete
perspective of the entire case, especially since this case involves penal
consequences and these documents may have an influence on the question of
sentence.

5 On the merits of the appeal, we should make it clear that the appeal is
actually not against the making of the committal order on 2 August 2017 (as no
appeal was filed) but is against the lifting of the suspension of that
committal order on 23 April 2018. However, we will say something about the
sentence imposed subsequently in this judgment.

6 At least three adjournments of this appeal were granted by the Court of
Appeal by letter at the requests of the appellant over the last seven months
or so. The reasons given by the appellant included her decision to act in
person (the appeal documents had already been filed by her then solicitors,
Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) and needing time to familiarise herself with the
documents, the fact that she was undergoing treatment and had a pending
appointment with her doctor after which she would obtain from him the latest
medical report and, after her bankruptcy in late May 2019, the fact that she
had to sort things out with the Official Assignee’s office regarding the
continuation of her appeal. In early July 2019, after the Official Assignee’s
office indicated that its consent was not required for the appellant to
continue with this appeal, the appellant informed us that she intended to
appoint a solicitor and sought an adjournment of her appeal to August 2019. At
the last request, we instructed the registry to inform the parties that we
would adjourn the appeal to the week of 9 to 13 September 2019 for the
appellant to resolve all her matters, that any lawyer that she engages for the
appeal must be able and willing to argue the appeal on any date within 9 to 13
September 2019 and if she decides not to engage a lawyer or the lawyer engaged
by her is discharged from acting for any reason whatsoever, the appellant must
be able and willing to argue the appeal on any date within the said dates. We
also directed the appellant to inform her doctor or other medical advisors
that her appeal will be heard on any date within 9 to 13 September 2019 and
that she is to ensure that no medical or any other appointments are scheduled
within those dates that may coincide with the Court of Appeal hearing.

7 To date, no notice of appointment of solicitors has been filed by the
appellant. On Friday 6 September 2019, she filed an affidavit exhibiting more
than 600 pages of various documents, including emails and affidavits in the
related court proceedings. The only explanation for filing this affidavit is:

3 I make this affidavit to oppose the action by the Plaintiff. Copies of my
supporting documents are collectively annexed hereto and marked as “JC-1”. I
confirm that these documents are true and correct.

4 I humbly pray that their action is dismissed.

8 Also on Friday 6 September 2019, at 12.45pm, the appellant sent an email to
the office email address of an officer in the Court of Appeal registry
(despite having been informed in April 2019 that emails should be sent to the
Supreme Court registry’s email address). That officer was out of the office
and had set an “Out of office” notification in her email account with a note
to contact two of her colleagues “for urgent matters”, stating their telephone
numbers and email addresses. Therefore, the appellant’s email was seen by the
registry officer only this morning. The appellant’s email essentially sought
an adjournment of this morning’s hearing (on the ground of mental, physical,
emotional trauma, distress, depression, anxiety and that the appellant is
physically very exhausted and weak).

9 The Court of Appeal was informed about the above email this morning and we
directed the registry officer to inform both parties immediately that the
Court of Appeal will sit to hear the appeal at 11.30am as scheduled and that
any application to the Court of Appeal is to be made during the sitting. The
registry officer informed us that the direction was carried out.

10 The appellant is before the Court today. The appellant, who is articulate
in English, has informed the Court that she is well today and is prepared to
do the appeal herself. We therefore proceeded with this appeal. Although the
appellant has not filed any written submissions, written submissions were
filed by her former solicitors, Eugene Thuraisingam LLP, for her application
to admit further evidence (which we have dealt with above) and also for this
appeal. The appellant has confirmed that she wishes the Court to consider
these written submissions for the purposes of this appeal. We have considered
the written submissions and the oral submissions made by the appellant today.

11 In our view, despite the fact that the appellant was depressed and
distressed by all her problems, she knew what she was doing when she continued
to send out emails and she knew that doing such things was in contempt of
Court. She had been fined $30,000 in earlier contempt of Court proceedings
relating to similar conduct in breach of the then injunction. She had legal
advice from her then solicitors and had received many written demands from the
respondent’s solicitors in earlier proceedings to stop breaching the Court’s
orders. The appellant was not a helpless woman who did not know how to seek
medical help or legal advice or redress. Yet, she preferred to go by the “non-
legal” route to try to resolve what she perceived to be the problems plaguing
her by doing what she said were merely her cries for help to various non-
parties in these proceedings. It has been emphasised to her over and over
again that this “non-legal” route was in fact an unlawful one and that she
should stop her destructive actions. Despite all the warnings and exhortations
and the psychiatric treatments, she continued to breach the committal order
with seeming impunity. Her recalcitrant conduct was persistent and pernicious
despite the many opportunities given to her to simply stop. As stated by the
High Court at [52] of its grounds of decision, the appellant’s “conduct has
been unremorseful and unrepentant. In fact, she has been intentionally sending
the offending emails to new recipients.”

12 In the light of the persistent breaches after 2 August 2017 and again after
23 April 2018 and even in the recent months before this appeal, we think that
the High Court was entirely correct in lifting the suspension on the committal
order.

13 On the question of the appropriate sanction to impose for the appellant’s
unceasing contempt of Court, the High Court has already considered her
psychiatric condition by not increasing the imprisonment term or adding to it
some other punishment. Having considered all the evidence, including the
further evidence admitted today, where there was total and continued disregard
for and defiance of the Court’s order, we think that the punishment of two
weeks’ imprisonment was actually rather lenient.

14 We therefore dismiss this appeal against the lifting of the suspension
order by the High Court.

15 On 23 April 2018, the High Court ordered the appellant to pay the
respondent $15,000 costs and $9,930 disbursements. Before the Court today, the
respondent’s solicitor asks for costs of $8,000 and disbursements of
$10,821.15. The appellant says that she is already a bankrupt and has no money
to pay costs. The respondent’s solicitor points out that the appellant has a
security deposit of $20,000 in Court. Having heard the parties on costs, we
order the appellant to pay the respondent costs fixed at $10,000 inclusive of
disbursements. This will be paid out of the said security deposit and the
balance thereafter will be refunded to the appellant.

16 The effect of the dismissal of this appeal is that the imprisonment term of
two weeks takes effect immediately. The appellant asked for time to settle her
business matters. She said that she was actually prepared to go to prison in
April 2018 but was advised by her friend that she should appeal against the
High Court’s order. We pointed out to her that this matter has been
outstanding for more than a year and that we have granted her the adjournments
mentioned earlier in this judgment. We see no reason to postpone the
commencement of her imprisonment term. It is therefore to take effect
immediately.

Tay Yong Kwang Belinda Ang Saw Ean Quentin Loh  
Judge of Appeal Judge Judge

The appellant in CA/CA 90/2018, the respondent in CA/SUM 4/2019 and CA/SUM
68/2019 and the applicant in CA/SUM 122 of 2018 in person;  
Megan Chia, Perry Wong and Jacqueline Gwee (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the
respondent in CA/CA 90/2018, the applicant in CA/SUM 4/2019 and CA/SUM 68/2019
and the respondent in CA/SUM 122/2018.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

