Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 16

Criminal Case No 69 of 2018

Between

Public Prosecutor

And  
  

JUDGMENT

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Mohd Soberi bin Pakari

[2019] SGHC 16

High Court — Criminal Case No 69 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
18–19 October, 7–8 November 2018; 20 December 2018

28 January 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused, Mohd Soberi Bin Pakari (“Soberi”), was in a flat with his
friends Satari Bin Satimin (“Satari”) and Mohamad Yazid Bin Minhat (“Yazid”)
on the evening of 6 July 2016. The flat belonged to Satari. Soberi is 55 years
old, and Satari and Yazid are 52 and 44 years old respectively. They were
having a diamorphine equivalent of a Tupperware party that evening. Soberi
brought along diamorphine to the flat for everyone (including himself) to
smoke. The drugs were also for sale should Satari and Yazid have wished to
buy.

2 The party was broken up within an hour into 7 July 2016 when officers of the
Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) raided the flat and arrested all three men.
59 sachets of drugs were found in the flat, and when analysed, were found to
contain not less than 21.38g of diamorphine. Of these, it is undisputed that
1.37g of diamorphine was in the possession of both Satari and Yazid for their
personal consumption. Satari and Yazid subsequently pleaded guilty to, among
other charges, charges for possession of 1.38g and 1.44g of diamorphine
respectively, and this includes the 1.37g mentioned above. Satari was
sentenced to 3 years’ and 10 months’ imprisonment with effect from 8 July
2016. Yazid was sentenced to 7 years’ and 10 months’ imprisonment with effect
from 8 July 2016, and six strokes of the cane.

3 Soberi was charged for possession of not less than 21.38g of diamorphine for
the purposes of trafficking. When the Prosecution closed its case, counsel for
Soberi, Mr Hassan Almenoar, submitted that there was no case to answer because
two other men, namely, Satari and Yazid, were convicted of possession of 1.38g
and 1.44g of diamorphine respectively, and this includes the 1.37g of
diamorphine which they had taken from the kitchen table in the flat. Mr
Almenoar submitted that that 1.37g must be deducted from the 21.38g of
diamorphine that his client is being tried for in this trial. He further
submitted that there is incontrovertible evidence that the accused here was
also a diamorphine addict, and therefore, there must be a further deduction
from the 21.38g for personal consumption. The submissions of counsel indicated
that there were questions of law and fact that go towards the culpability or
innocence of the accused, but his submission was insufficient at that stage to
warrant a dismissal of the prosecution case, or even to amend it. I therefore
called upon Soberi to enter his defence.

4 Soberi elected to testify on his own behalf. He had no other witnesses. He
did not dispute that he was smoking diamorphine in Satari’s flat when they
were arrested. Neither did he dispute the fact that he was the one who brought
the diamorphine to the flat. On the evidence adduced in the Prosecution’s
case, his defence was called, and he elected to testify. His defence was that
although he was in possession and was trafficking diamorphine, he was not in
possession of the entire 21.38g of diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking,
the offence that he was charged with.

5 Although the 59 packets of diamorphine were found in the flat when all three
men, including Soberi, were arrested, it is not entirely clear whether they
were all brought to the flat by Soberi save for the fact that counsel did not
challenge this point. Although Soberi accepted that he brought diamorphine to
the flat, there seems to be no evidence that he brought them in 59 or more
packets. When the CNB raided the flat, the drugs seized were taken from
various places. I am not satisfied that it has been proved beyond a reasonable
doubt that Soberi brought all 59 packets of drugs that were found to contain
the 21.38g of diamorphine as charged. Given that Satari and Yazid had pleaded
guilty to and were convicted of possession of the 1.37g of diamorphine that
was found on the kitchen table of the flat, I am satisfied that Soberi was in
possession of 20.01g (21.38g – 1.37g) of diamorphine. This will be the
starting point for my analysis.

6 The question remains as to whether part of that 20.01g cache was meant for
his own consumption, and if so, whether that quantity is sufficient to bring
the amount below the 15g limit for a capital charge. Mr Almenoar, counsel for
Soberi, calculated a rate of consumption by analysing Soberi’s withdrawal
symptoms (from the medical reports) and his statements, and submitted that
Soberi could easily have consumed at least 5.01g of diamorphine himself. This
would bring the amount of diamorphine in Soberi’s possession for the purposes
of trafficking down to 15g, after subtracting the 1.37g of diamorphine which
was the amount that both Satari and Yazid admitted to be theirs and had
pleaded guilty to be in possession of.

7 In determining the amount of diamorphine that Soberi intended to consume, it
is necessary to establish Soberi’s daily rate of consumption and his intended
consumption period in relation to the 20.01g of diamorphine in his possession.
At trial, Soberi detailed his daily consumption schedule and testified that he
would smoke eight straws of diamorphine per day. Soberi also testified that he
would additionally inject two straws of diamorphine per day, and this is
consistent with what he told Dr Xu Bang Yu and Dr Jerome Goh during his
medical and psychiatric evaluation. I am satisfied that it is reasonable to
conclude that Soberi consumed, via injection and/or inhalation, about eight
straws or 0.19g of diamorphine per day.

8 In both Soberi’s statements and his testimony at trial, he stated that he
had purchased a larger amount of diamorphine on 3 and 5 July 2016 for the
purposes of both personal consumption and sale during the Hari Raya period
which begins on 6 July 2016 and lasts for 30 days. This purchase was made as
Soberi’s supplier, “Boy”, informed him that he (Boy) would not have “stock”
during the Hari Raya season. Although the Prosecution submitted that Soberi’s
explanation should not be believed, I find no reason to doubt Soberi, who had
been consistent in his statements and his testimony at trial in this regard.

9 Therefore, I find that Soberi has proved on a balance of probabilities that
he intended to consume about 5.7g of diamorphine (0.19g x 30 days) out of the
20.01g of diamorphine that he had in his possession. I do hereby amend the
charge against Soberi by replacing the quantity of diamorphine stated as not
less than 21.38g to not less than 14.99g. I find Soberi guilty on the charge
as amended and sentence him to 26 years’ imprisonment from the date of his
remand, 8 July 2016.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Winston Cheng and Shen Wanqin (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Public
Prosecutor;  
Hassan Esa Almenoar (R Ramason & Almenoar), Diana Foo (Tan See Swan & Co) and
Sheik Umar Bin Mohamed Bagushair (Wong & Leow LLC) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

