Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 37

Criminal Case No 13 of 2018

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

BUT  
---  
  
Grounds of Decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Rape] — [Sexual assault
by penetration]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Abetment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

BUT

[2019] SGHC 37

High Court — Criminal Case No 13 of 2018  
26 November; 31 December 2018

18 February 2019

Audrey Lim JC:

Introduction

1 The accused (“BUT”) faced a total of 57 charges. The Prosecution proceeded
on three charges, as follows:

(1st Charge)

That you … on or before 7 August 2016 in Singapore, did engage with [SM] in a
conspiracy … to make arrangements for [SM] to rape [V] … and in pursuance of
that conspiracy and in order to the doing of that thing, an act took place on
7 August 2016 … at [A Hotel] … to wit, [SM] penetrated the vagina of [V] with
his penis without her consent, which act was committed in consequence of your
abetment, and you have thereby committed an offence under Section 375(1)(a)
punishable under s 375(2) read with Section 109 of the Penal Code, Chapter
224.

(2nd Charge)

That you … on or before 29 April 2016 in Singapore, did engage with [SM] in a
conspiracy … to make arrangements for [SM] to rape [V] … and in pursuance of
that conspiracy and in order to the doing of that thing, an act took place on
the 1st occasion sometime between 9.37pm on 29 April 2016 and 12.36am on 30
April 2016 at [B Hotel] … to wit, [SM] penetrated the vagina of [V] with his
penis without her consent, which act was committed in consequence of your
abetment, and you have thereby committed an offence under Section 375(1)(a)
punishable under Section 375(2) read with Section 109 of the Penal Code,
Chapter 224.

(5th Charge)

That you … on or before 29 April 2016 in Singapore, did engage with [SM] in a
conspiracy … to make arrangements for [SM] to sexually assault [V] … and in
pursuance of that conspiracy and in order to the doing of that thing, an act
took place sometime between 9.37pm on 29 April 2016 and 12.36am on 30 April
2016 at [B Hotel] … to wit, [SM] penetrated the vagina of [V] with his finger
without her consent, which act was committed in consequence of your abetment,
and you have thereby committed an offence under Section 376(2)(a) punishable
under Section 376(3) read with Section 109 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

2 On 26 November 2018, BUT pleaded guilty to the three charges, and consented
to having the following 54 charges taken into consideration for the purposes
of sentencing:

(a) Two charges of abetment of rape by SM of V also occurring sometime between
29 April 2016 and 30 April 2016;

(b) Four charges of abetment of outrage of modesty by SM of V under s 354(1)
read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed);

(c) 19 charges of making an obscene film under s 29(1) and punishable under s
29(1)(a) of the Films Act (Cap 107, 1998 Rev Ed); and

(d) 29 District Court charges, pertaining to the insulting of a modesty of two
other women by recording his sexual intercourse with them without their
knowledge under s 509 of the Penal Code; the possession of obscene films and
films without a valid certificate under s 30(1) and s 21(1)(a) of the Films
Act respectively; the transmission of obscene objects under s 292(1)(a) of the
Penal Code, and the making of obscene films under s 29(1) of the Films Act.
The Prosecution applied for these to be taken into consideration under s
148(3) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed).

3 I sentenced BUT to 14 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for
each of the 1st and 2nd charges and to ten years’ imprisonment and eight
strokes of the cane for the 5th charge. I ordered the sentences for the 1st
and 5th charges to run consecutively and for the 2nd charge to run
concurrently with the other two. I also factored in the one month that BUT had
spent in custody. Thus, BUT would serve an aggregate sentence of 23 years and
11 months’ imprisonment with the maximum 24 strokes of the cane pursuant to s
328(6) of the Criminal Procedure Code. BUT has appealed against my decision on
sentence.

Background facts

4 I set out the facts, which BUT admitted to without qualification. BUT is a
27-year-old Singaporean male. He was about 24 to 25 years old at the material
time, and was employed as an auxiliary police officer. The victim (“V”) was 25
years old at the material time.

5 Sometime in 2014, BUT and V entered into a relationship. They would
occasionally book a hotel room, where they would be sexually intimate. BUT was
interested in “soft-bondage” sexual activities, and asked V to engage in them
with him. V initially rejected his request and told him that she was
uncomfortable doing so. However, he continued to cajole V and told her that
they should try new things to “spice up” their relationship. Eventually, V
relented and allowed herself to be physically bound, effectively placing
herself at the mercy of BUT as she wanted to please him and because she loved
and trusted him. Over the course of their relationship it was BUT who
invariably initiated the soft-bondage acts during sexual intercourse. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

SOF, at paras 4–6.

6 On at least one occasion, BUT floated the idea of a “threesome” with V.
However, V firmly told him that she was not interested. In addition to soft-
bondage activities, BUT regularly recorded their sexual intercourse as he
claimed that viewing the erotic videos would facilitate a more rapid onset of
orgasm for him. V similarly disliked the idea of recording their intimate
moments, but she relented as BUT had told her it was for his personal viewing
pleasure only. To win V’s trust, he promised to delete the videos after
watching them. V’s fears were assuaged as she trusted BUT. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOF, at paras 6–7.

7 Unbeknownst to V, BUT had been viewing pornography on social media and
engaging in sexual-related discussions with other persons. Sometime in 2015,
he initiated contact with his would-be accomplice (“SM”), a Singaporean male.
At the time of the offences, SM was about 20 years old. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOF, at paras 3 and 18.

BUT and SM would trade lurid details and photographs of their “sexual
conquests”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOF, at para 18.

BUT disclosed to SM his sexual fantasy of watching a third party engaging in
sex with his girlfriend, V. Fuelled by his desire to fulfil his fantasy, BUT
conceived of a plan for him and SM to engage in a threesome with V. BUT knew
that he had to keep SM’s participation in the illicit threesome a secret from
V, as she had earlier disagreed with the idea of a threesome when he first
broached the topic with her. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOF, at para 19.

Events of 29 to 30 April and facts pertaining to the 2nd and 5th charges

8 Sometime around 9.37 pm on 29 April 2016, BUT and V checked into “B Hotel”.
Without V’s knowledge, BUT had arranged for SM to come to the hotel to
participate in a sexual tryst. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOF, at paras 20.

9 That night, BUT presented V with a red rope (that he had purchased from a
sex toy shop) and proceeded to loosely bind her hands. He also got V to put on
a pair of pantyhose and blindfolded her with a bandana. BUT knew that V
trusted him when she was placed in such a position and that because of that
trust, she would not attempt to untie herself or remove the blindfold. This
gave BUT and SM the opportunity to perform the sexual acts on V without her
knowledge. V was completely unaware of the scheme hatched by them, and she
simply thought that BUT wanted to engage in soft bondage play during sex as
usual. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOF, at paras 20–21.

10 When SM arrived at the hotel, he texted BUT, who replied with the room
number and directed SM to wait for his cue before entering the room. SM then
made his way to the room. Shortly after, BUT opened the door and gestured for
SM to enter the room. BUT indicated to SM to remain silent so as not to arouse
V’s suspicion. He then ushered SM to the bathroom and told SM to remove all
his clothes and to wait inside the bathroom. BUT also turned on the tap to
give V the impression he was using the toilet. Thereafter, BUT opened the
bathroom door and gestured to SM follow him out. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOF, at para 22.

11 SM saw that V was lying blindfolded on the bed with both her hands tied up
with the red rope and wearing only her bra and the pantyhose. BUT gestured to
SM to wait at the corner of the bed, while BUT proceeded to stimulate V’s
vagina with his tongue. A short while later, he gestured to SM to replace him
and to continue licking V’s vagina. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOF, at para 23.

BUT then wanted to remove V’s bra and indicated to SM to stop licking V’s
vagina. Once V was completely naked, BUT gestured to SM to lick V’s vagina
again. BUT and SM’s actions here formed the subject of the 7th and 8th charges
of abetting the outrage of V’s modesty by cunnilingus, and that were taken
into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOF, at para 23 (and footnotes 3 and 4).

12 BUT then gestured to SM to move away from the bed. BUT proceeded to have
sex with V. He then stepped off the bed. He gestured to SM to get on the bed
and to continue his actions. SM then inserted his penis into V’s vagina
without a condom. He withdrew his penis after a few minutes and then proceeded
to digitally penetrate V’s vagina using two fingers. He then inserted his
penis into V’s vagina again. BUT and SM’s actions here formed the subject
matter of the 2nd and 5th proceeded charges of abetting rape and sexual
assault by penetration, as well as the 3rd charge of abetting rape that was
taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOF, at para 24 (and footnotes 5, 6, and 7).

13 SM withdrew his penis and proceeded to perform cunnilingus on V again. He
then penetrated V’s vagina for the third time that night. At this juncture, on
BUT’s directions, SM withdrew his penis and proceeded to ejaculate just above
V’s vagina. As SM did so, BUT pretended to moan in pleasure to reinforce the
illusion that it was him (BUT) who had just ejaculated on V. BUT then smeared
SM’s semen on V’s lips. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOF, at para 25.

BUT and SM’s actions here formed the subject matter of the 9th charge (of
abetting the outrage of V’s modesty) and the 4th charge (of abetting rape)
that were taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOF, at para 25 (and footnotes 8 and 9).

14 BUT then gestured to SM to follow him into the bathroom and turned on the
tap whilst SM dressed, before SM left the hotel room. BUT recorded the entire
episode on his phone. BUT and V subsequently checked out of B Hotel at about
12.36 am on 30 April 2016. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOF, at para 25 (and footnote 2).

At all material times, BUT and SM knew that V was under the misconception that
she was having sex with BUT and therefore had not consented to SM’s sexual
acts. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOF, at para 26.

Events of 7 August 2016 and facts pertaining to the 1st charge

The lead up to the offence

15 Sometime in early August 2016, V decided to celebrate BUT’s birthday by
arranging a “staycation”. V informed BUT she had booked a hotel room on 6
August 2016, but did not tell him the hotel as she wanted it to be a surprise.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOF, at para 8.

The offer provided BUT and SM another opportunity to sexually violate V and
they began planning for this on 3 August 2016, when BUT first informed SM that
he and V were going to stay over at a hotel. BUT informed SM to “standby”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOF, at para 28.

16 On 6 August 2016, BUT pestered V to find out which hotel had been booked.
He claimed he wanted to go to the hotel to deposit his things. V then brought
him to “A Hotel”, and they then left the hotel for a meal before returning at
11:00 pm. BUT and V had sex and then fell asleep naked on the bed. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOF, at para 9.

17 In the lead up to the offences, BUT forwarded some titillating photographs
of V to arouse SM’s interest. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOF, at para 28.

The ensuing messages between BUT and SM further revealed the extent of their
planning:

(a) BUT told SM to sneak in only after V was asleep; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOF, at para 28(a) (and Annex B, s/no. 352).

(b) SM was not to smoke before arriving, and to assuage BUT’s concerns about
his breath, SM assured BUT that he would wash his mouth; 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOF, at para 28(b) (and Annex B, s/nos. 419–425).

and

(c) BUT reminded SM to make sure V’s hands did not touch him. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOF, at paras 28(c) and 29 (and Annex B, s/nos. 437–439).

The commission of the offence in the 1st charge

18 Prior to SM entering the room, BUT wanted to ensure V was sexually aroused
and appropriately restrained with no risk of her removing her blindfold so she
could discover their ploy. Once again, V had no knowledge of BUT and SM’s
scheme as she had been conditioned by BUT to assume he merely wanted to engage
in bondage play. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOF, at para 29.

19 Once BUT had restrained V and blindfolded her, he gestured to SM to follow
him into the room. BUT then gestured to SM to lick V’s vagina and SM did so
while BUT used his laptop to record SM. Then, BUT gestured to SM to move away
while BUT kissed V on her mouth. Thereafter, he gestured to SM to penetrate
V’s vagina with his penis. SM proceeded to insert his penis into V’s vagina
without a condom. These actions formed the subject matter of the 1st proceeded
charge, and of the 6th charge (of abetting SM to outrage V’s modesty) taken
into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOF, at para 30 (and footnotes 15 and 16).

At all material times, BUT and SM knew that V was under the misconception that
she was engaging in sex with BUT and that she had therefore not consented to
any of the sexual acts performed by SM. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOF, at para 30.

20 Whilst the above were happening, V woke from her sleep. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOF, at para 10.

When V felt a penis penetrating her vagina, she was shocked as she could tell
that the penis penetrating her was different from BUT’s penis. She also felt a
pair of hands holding her waist as the person continued thrusting his penis
into her vagina and she could also feel someone adjusting the eye mask on her
at the same time. V realised something was not right and tried to remove the
eye mask to see what was happening. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOF, at para 11.

21 To BUT’s alarm, V began to struggle to loosen her hands and to remove her
blindfold. BUT started to kiss V on her face to attempt to block her view of
SM and also frantically gestured to SM to leave the room. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOF, at para 31.

V heard BUT telling her to “go back to sleep, go back to sleep, it’s nothing,
it’s nothing”. However, as the rope was loosely tied around her hands, V was
able to free her hands and push away the person who was kissing her. V removed
the eye mask and to her utter shock realised that apart from BUT there was
another person in the room. V could not see SM very clearly then as she did
not have her spectacles on, but she noticed he was trying to flee to the room
door and quickly retrieved her spectacles. BUT tried to stop her from doing so
and even attempted to block her view of SM. By the time she was able to put on
her spectacles, SM had left the room. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOF, at para 11.

The immediate aftermath

22 V confronted BUT and told him that what the stranger had done to her was
rape. V noticed BUT’s laptop was switched on and realised he had been
recording the events. She insisted he play the videos. BUT was reluctant to do
so, but eventually relented. When the videos confirmed that another person was
in the room earlier who had sexual intercourse with her, without her consent,
V was utterly shocked. She told BUT, “this is clearly rape, do you know what
you have done?” BUT then apologised profusely. V told him that she would make
a police report and proceeded to leave. BUT sought to dissuade her. She then
demanded to know the details of the stranger, but BUT initially claimed he did
not know them. V knew this could not be true and demanded BUT call SM and to
tell him to return to the hotel, which BUT complied with. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOF, at paras 12–14.

23 After V packed her bags and left the room, BUT deleted the videos on his
laptop to erase any evidence of the offence. He sent numerous texts to V
begging her not to report the offence to the police. While BUT was messaging
SM to return to the hotel, SM reminded him to “delete everything” (to which
BUT replied that he had) and to erase the messages in their phones. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOF, at para 32 and p 12 (at footnote 11); Annex D at s/nos. 38–44.

24 In the meantime, V proceeded to the hotel lobby and informed the
receptionist she could have been raped and asked to see the camera footage
near the hotel room. At this time, V noticed SM walking into the hotel lobby
and recognised him as the person who had raped her. SM was subsequently
detained by the hotel staff. V also made a police report, and BUT and SM were
subsequently arrested by the police at the hotel. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOF, at paras 16 and 17.

Sentencing framework for the abetment of rape and digital-penetration

25 At the outset it should be noted that the maximum punishment for abetment
of an offence remains the same as for the primary offence (of rape and sexual
assault by penetration). The Prosecution submitted, and it was not disputed by
the Defence, that the sentencing approaches for the primary offences should
apply with equal force. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Prosecution’s Submissions on Sentence (“PSS”), dated 21 November 2018, at para
12.

26 The parties agreed that the offences of abetment of rape and digital-
penetration fell within Band 2 of the framework in Ng Kean Meng Terence v
Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”) and in Pram Nair v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1015 (“Pram Nair”) respectively, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PSS, at p 6 and para 13; Defence’s Plea-in-Mitigation (“DM”), dated 21
November 2018, at para 22.

with the following sentencing range:

(a) For rape: 13 to 17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane; and

(b) For digital-penetration: ten to 15 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes
of the cane.

27 In the present case, the parties agreed that the offence-specific
aggravating factors comprised abuse of trust, premeditation on BUT’s part, and
V’s vulnerability. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PSS, at paras 14–18, 19–22, and 25–27; DM, at para 22; 26/11/18 Notes of
Evidence (“NE”) at 26 and 28.

The Prosecution further submitted that the element of premeditation was
aggravated by the level of deception employed by BUT and that there had been
the deliberate infliction of special trauma on V. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PSS, at paras 23–24, and 28–31.

28 The Prosecution submitted that given the number and intensity of the
offence-specific aggravating factors, the case fell within the middle range of
Band 2 and the indicative starting point was 15 years’ imprisonment for the
abetment of rape, and 12 years’ imprisonment for the abetment of digital-
penetration. Taking into account the offender-specific aggravating factors of
the number of charges taken into consideration and BUT’s deletion of
incriminating evidence as against the mitigating factor of BUT’s plea of
guilt, a sentencing discount of at most a year for each of the charges would
be appropriate. The Prosecution thus submitted for a sentence of 14 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the 1st and 2nd charges and of 11
years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane for the 5th charge. The 1st
and 5th charges were to run consecutively, totalling 25 years’ imprisonment
and the maximum 24 strokes of the cane.

29 The Defence submitted that the appropriate starting point was 13 years’
imprisonment and nine years’ imprisonment for the charges of abetment of rape
and of digital-penetration respectively. An additional discount of a year per
charge was warranted due to the totality principle. The Defence thus submitted
for a sentence of 12 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane for the
1st and 2nd charges and of eight years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the
cane for the 5th charge. The 1st (or 2nd) and 5th charges were to run
consecutively, totalling 20 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DM, at paras 10–11, 61 and 71.

Offence-specific factors

30 I turn first to the offence-specific factors.

Abuse of trust

31 The Prosecution submitted that there had been a flagrant abuse of V’s
trust. She gave in to BUT’s pleas to engage in soft-bondage practices for his
sexual pleasure because she loved and trusted him as her boyfriend. She
reposed such a degree of trust in him that she allowed herself to be
blindfolded and tied up during sex thus placing herself at his complete mercy.
The soft-bondage routines entrenched V’s role as the vulnerable party in
intercourse and BUT exploited her trust to create an opportunity for SM to
sexually assault her. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PSS, at para 16.

Moreover, even though BUT knew that V had disagreed with the notion of a
threesome, he went ahead to orchestrate the acts with SM. He selfishly
prioritised his sexual gratification at V’s expense.

32 The Defence rightly conceded that there had been an abuse of trust by
virtue of the relationship between BUT and V which was an offence-specific
aggravating factor. However, referring to Public Prosecutor v BQW [2018] SGHC
136 at [37], it suggested the present case involved a different level of trust
as compared to precedents where the accused was in an occupation of trust, or
where there was a familial relationship between the accused and the victim. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DM, at paras 24–27.

33 Even if the abuse of trust was not of the nature where the trust was
derived from the accused’s occupation or familial role, this did not mean that
the degree of the violation of trust could not be equally egregious.
Relationships of trust can vary among individuals, and each case turns on its
facts. In the present case, I agreed with the Prosecution that there had been
a flagrant abuse of V’s trust and this was a significant aggravating factor. V
was BUT’s girlfriend and he claimed as someone “whom he had desire to marry”.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DM, at para 51.

BUT knew that V was against participating in a threesome, yet he proceeded to
orchestrate the acts with SM. This was a relationship where V had wholly
reposed her trust in BUT, and where she had allowed herself to be bound and
blindfolded because she loved and trusted him. Indeed, the second occasion of
the abetment of rape occurred when V was celebrating BUT’s birthday. I
accepted that V’s shock and horror after she discovered on this occasion, that
a stranger had penetrated her vagina as she struggled to free herself from the
rope and to make sense of her situation, would have been immense. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PSS, at paras 1 and 27; SOF at para 11.

As the Prosecution aptly pointed out, the effect of BUT’s betrayal was
poignantly conveyed in V’s own words to him in the immediate aftermath of the
offences, when he was imploring her to return from the hotel lobby: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PSS, at para 18; SOF, Annex C, s/nos. 43352–43406.

BUT : …please please don’t call the police [please]

BUT : You hold the key to my future…

V : So what

V : [You] hold the key to my trust

…

BUT : I will do anything for you…

V : I cannot trust [you] anymore

V : Never

BUT : …Come up

V : [You are] the one [I should] feel safe with

V : The most

V : No

V : [I’m] not safe there

[Emphasis added.]

Premeditation and employment of deception

34 The Prosecution submitted that BUT had displayed premeditation and employed
deception. He was the “sole mastermind” of the conspiracy. Specifically, it
submitted that BUT capitalised on the fact that he had introduced V to soft-
bondage practices and could therefore get her to participate in a threesome
against her express wishes. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PSS, at paras 20 and 21.

In particular, the Prosecution pointed to the extent of BUT’s involvement in
the lead up to the offences: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PSS, at paras 22 and 23; SOF, Annex B, s/nos. 391–400.

(a) BUT initiated contact with SM to secure his participation in the
threesome. On the second occasion, he sent titillating photos of V (without
her consent or knowledge) to SM. He also intimated that the next time such an
opportunity to sexually violate V arose would be “a long time from now”.

(b) BUT made preparations beforehand such as procuring the ropes and
blindfolds to restrain V and obscure her sight, as well as stockings to
minimise skin contact between SM and V. He and SM also discussed not drinking
alcohol or smoking to prevent arousing V’s suspicion.

(c) During the commission of the offences, BUT carefully orchestrated the rape
and digital-penetration, including sexually arousing V before SM sexually
violated her, gesturing to SM how and where he should position himself, and
even directing exactly where on V’s body SM should ejaculate.

(d) The extreme level of deception was exemplified by the minute details such
as turning on the tap so that running water would mask SM’s entry into the
hotel room, and simulating an orgasm by moaning when SM ejaculated on V’s
body. Even after V realised something was amiss, BUT kissed V’s face and told
her to “go back to sleep”.

35 I agreed with the Prosecution that there was a considerable degree of
premeditation and planning as well as employment of deception in an attempt to
conceal the heinous acts and to procure V’s unknowing participation in the
acts. It was clear that both BUT and SM had carefully coordinated prior to,
and during, the offences to violate V in such a way as to prevent her from
discovering their reprehensible conduct. Hence, whilst it would not be
entirely accurate to describe BUT as the “sole mastermind”, nevertheless it
was BUT who had initiated the conspiracy with SM and provided details of when
and how they would carry out the sexual violation of V.

36 At this juncture, I turn to address the Defence’s submission that
precedents such as Public Prosecutor v Koh Rong Guang [2018] SGHC 117 (“Koh
Rong Guang”) – where the accused was convicted of three charges of statutory
rape and where there was use of the threat of violence – had more aggravating
factors than the present case. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DM, at para 45.

I did not think a comparison with the facts of Koh Rong Guang was entirely
appropriate First, the overall sentence imposed in that case was higher, ie,
28 years’ imprisonment (and after taking into account the totality principle)
and upon conviction after a trial. Second, I did not think that the lack of a
threat of violence in the present case was a commensurate comparison. As the
Prosecution rightly pointed out, the abetment of rape here was insidious and
it was not necessary for BUT to utilise the threat of violence. Rather, he had
deployed a significant degree of deception and abuse of V’s trust to procure
her unknowing participation in the rape offences. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PSS, at para 34.

V was a vulnerable victim

37 The Prosecution submitted that V was vulnerable in that she had been
rendered utterly defenceless against SM’s sexual assaults. The Defence
conceded that while V was not vulnerable in the sense that she was underage,
it accepted that she was at the mercy of BUT while the offences were
committed. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

26/11/18 NE at 28.

38 I accepted that BUT had capitalised on his encouragement of V into
accepting soft-bondage practices and further accustomed her to being
blindfolded and tied up. V’s engagement in soft bondage activities – though
she was initially reluctant – was a choice made because she loved and trusted
BUT. It seemed to me that what BUT had done was to foster an assumption in V
that when she placed herself in such a compromising position she would not be
harmed. Once V had acceded to his request and allowed herself to be
additionally vulnerable (by being placed in “bondage”), BUT had exploited that
vulnerability and invalidated both her trust and her sexual autonomy. It was
the violation of V’s inalienable right to choose how and who she would or
would not have sex with that struck at the very heart of why rape was rightly
regarded as a heinous offence: see generally Public Prosecutor v V Murugesan
[2005] SGHC 160 at [54].

Deliberate infliction of special trauma

39 I turn to the Prosecution’s submission that there was the deliberate
infliction of special trauma. The Prosecution clarified it was not submitting
that V had suffered severe psychological or psychiatric harm, but rather that
this related to the intention of the accused as manifested in the manner of
offending: see Terence Ng at [44(i)]. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

26/11/18 NE at 31.

BUT had transgressed V’s wishes not to engage in a threesome and had filmed
the illicit enterprise for his repeated viewing pleasure. There was a further
risk of dissemination of the footage. Moreover, BUT went so far as to dip his
fingers in SM’s semen and smeared it over V’s lips, subjecting her to further
degradation and humiliation for her perpetrators’ sexual pleasure. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PSS, at paras 29–30.

The effect of V’s distress was seen in her reaction in the aftermath of the
rape, when she was observed to be trembling and when she refused to put her
bag down. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PSS, at para 31.

40 I accepted the Prosecution’s submission that there was deliberate
infliction of special trauma. It should be noted that on the first occasion
(in April 2016), BUT had enabled SM to repeatedly rape V (the subject of the
2nd, 3rd and 4th charges). Further, on both occasions, SM had penetrated V
without a condom and thus BUT had knowingly risked V’s exposure to pregnancy
and the transmission of a serious disease by a stranger. BUT’s act of smearing
SM’s semen over V’s lips showed how he reduced V to a mere sex object to be
humiliated at his pleasure.

Offender-specific factors

Charges taken into consideration and deletion of evidence

41 Next, I considered the offender-specific factors. There were 54 charges
taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. This included two
other acts of abetment of rape of V by SM (committed on the first occasion in
April 2016), four charges of abetment of the outrage of modesty by SM of V
(committed on the first and second occasions of the rape by SM in April and
August 2016), the making of numerous obscene films pertaining to the acts of
the first occasion and, pertinently, committing similar offences of making
obscene films of two other unsuspecting females thereby insulting their
modesty. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PSS, at para 37(a).

In addition, BUT’s hasty deletion of incriminating evidence on his laptop and
of his messages with SM was indubitably an aggravating factor (see Vasentha
d/o Joseph v Public Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122 at [69] in the context of drug
offences). I note that BUT’s deletion of the evidence prevented the recovery
of the obscene films he had made of SM and V on the second occasion of the
abetment of rape. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PSS, at para 37(b).

Plea of guilt

42 The Defence submitted that BUT’s plea of guilt had saved the Prosecution
and the court valuable time and resources. I did accept that BUT’s plea of
guilt meant that V would avoid the trauma of testifying at trial and having to
relive her ordeal. I also had sight of a letter penned by BUT to V, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defence’s Bundle of Authorities, at Tab M.

where he expressed his remorse and apologised to her without reservations. I
accepted that there was some genuine remorse on BUT’s part.

43 It has been held in Chang Kar Meng v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 68 at
[47]–[48] that even in cases where the evidence against an accused is
compelling, an accused who pleads guilty should ordinarily be given at least
some credit as the victim does not need to undergo the additional suffering of
having to relive the experience in court; nevertheless this must be viewed in
the context of other factors. Here, BUT was caught red-handed by V and there
were video footages retrieved from his computer pertaining to acts on the
first occasion. Remarkably, despite the fact that V would have been
experiencing immense shock and horror when she discovered someone else was
penetrating her as she struggled to free herself and to make sense of her
situation, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PSS, at paras 1 and 27; SOF, at para 11.

she had the presence of mind to attempt to catch sight of the rapist, question
BUT, view the incriminating videos, and compel BUT to call SM to return to the
crime scene. Fortuitously, V’s fortitude in the face of the trauma she had
just experienced, coupled with the conduct of the hotel staff, meant that BUT
and SM could be apprehended soon after.

44 The Defence also submitted that BUT had indicated that he was willing to
testify against SM, which was evidence of his contrition. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DM, at para 52.

In contrast, the Prosecution stressed that such an offer was as yet
speculative, and it would be easy for BUT to go back on his indication to
testify. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

26/11/18 NE at 32–33.

In this regard, I accepted that any effect of an offer by an accused to
testify would necessarily be of an unprovable quantity and could be resiled
from after sentence was passed. However, limited weight might be afforded to
an accused where such an offer appeared to be motivated by genuine remorse,
which I was of the view was extant in the present case.

Conclusion

45 In my view, the number and degree of the offence- and offender-specific
aggravating factors placed BUT’s offences at the very least within the middle
of Band 2 of Terence Ng and Pram Nair and hence the indicative starting
sentence was 15 years’ imprisonment for abetment of rape and 12 years’
imprisonment for abetment of digital-penetration. I agreed that general and
specific deterrence was warranted, given the heinous nature of the crimes
committed by BUT and the offence- and offender-specific factors, such as the
degree of premeditation and planning, the significant deployment of deception
to procure V’s unknowing participation in the acts, how BUT had destroyed
incriminating evidence after he was caught, and the number and nature of the
charges taken into consideration. It was BUT who had initiated the plan with
SM to sexually abuse V and, not being satisfied with having done so once (on
the first occasion), repeated the heinous acts again (on the second occasion).
His actions led to the degradation and humiliation of V, his own girlfriend.
At the same time, I took into account BUT’s plea of guilt, his remorse, and
that he had no previous antecedents. I also considered that there was some
overlap when referring to various acts and circumstances which were considered
in the offence- or offender-specific factors. Further, I was also cognisant
that BUT was relatively young when he committed the offences and that any
global sentence to be imposed would be lengthy.

46 Bearing in mind the totality principle and with a view to BUT’s past record
and his future prospects, I thus imposed a term of 14 years’ imprisonment and
12 strokes of the cane for each of the abetment of rape charges (1st and 2nd
charges) and 10 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane on the
abetment of digital-penetration charge (5th charge). I ordered the sentences
for the 1st and 5th charges to run consecutively, thus totalling 24 years’
imprisonment with the maximum 24 strokes of the cane. As for the total
imprisonment term, BUT had previously spent one month in custody in the
Institute of Mental Health and would thus serve a sentence of 23 years and 11
months’ imprisonment (after deducting the custody period).

Audrey Lim  
Judicial Commissioner

Ng Yiwen, Asoka Markandu, and Eunice Lau  
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Mohamed Baiross and Ashwin Ganapathy (I.R.B. Law LLP)  
for the Defence.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

