Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 204

Suit No 258 of 2018

Between

Ong Keh Choo

… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Paul Huntington Bernardo  
---|---  
(2)| Tran Hong Hanh  
  
… Defendants

Judgment

[Contract] — [Formation] — [Acceptance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ong Keh Choo

  

v

  

Paul Huntington Bernardo and another

[2019] SGHC 204

High Court — Suit No 258 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
9, 11–12 July 2019; 16 August 2019

3 September 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff, Ong Keh Choo (“Ong”), is a property agent with 35 years’
experience and was also the owner of an apartment at 8 Balmoral Road (“the
Property”). The defendants are a married couple, Paul Huntington Bernardo
(“Bernardo”) and Tran Hong Hanh (“Tran”). Bernardo, an American, is a research
scientist and Tran, a Vietnamese, is a medical concierge. They are Singapore
permanent residents. Ong advertised the Property for sale and showed the flat
to the defendants on 7 October 2017. The defendants handed her a cheque for
$316,000 which Ong claims was in exchange for an option to purchase (“the
Option”), but the defendants later cancelled the cheque. Ong now sues on this
cheque. The defendants allege that Ong misled them into giving that cheque.

2 Mr Edwin Lee, counsel for Ong, submits that this is a simple case of buyer’s
remorse. He submits that the defendants knowingly entered into the Option and
are now trying to avoid the contract. He says that on her part, Ong had
honoured the terms of the Option. According to Ong, the defendants were so
eager to purchase the Property that they initially issued a cheque for
$3,160,000, the full purchase price, and she advised them to reduce it to 10%.
It is not disputed that Ong has since sold the Property to a third-party buyer
for a higher price, $3,820,000, but Mr Lee submits that this is irrelevant to
the present claim.

3 On the other hand, the defendants claim that Ong told them to issue a cheque
to demonstrate their interest, but assured them that it was “for show” only
and she would not hand it to the owner. She did not disclose the fact that she
was the owner. Later that same day, Ong met Tran alone and told her to sign a
document to acknowledge the cancellation of some words. At that time Tran did
not know that that document was the Option.

4 Tran showed that document to a lawyer on the same day and she was told that
it was an option to purchase with highly unusual terms. First, the option fee
was 10% of the purchase price – the value of the “for show” cheque – when the
usual market practice for an option fee was 1%. Second, the defendants had to
pay the remaining 90% of the purchase price upon exercise of the Option, and
not at completion. That was unheard of. Third, the full sum was to be paid
immediately to the owner rather than held by stakeholders.

5 Alarmed, Tran asked Ong to destroy the cheque but Ong tried to assure her
that nothing was unusual. It was only when Bernardo filed a complaint with the
Council of Estate Agents (“CEA”) on 8 October 2017, the very next day, that
the defendants realised that Ong was the owner of the Property. The defendants
countermanded the cheque before Ong could encash it.

6 Mr N Sreenivasan, SC, counsel for the defendants, submitted that no
agreement had been reached because there was no offer or acceptance.
Alternatively, he submitted that any agreement had been procured by fraudulent
misrepresentation, or had been validly rescinded, or the Option was
unenforceable as illegal or against public policy, or would lead to Ong being
unjustly enriched, or that Ong suffered no loss. He also submitted that
Bernardo is entitled to rely on ss 29 and 30 of the Bills of Exchange Act (Cap
23, 2004 Rev Ed).

7 I found Tran to be a credible and forthright witness. I had no difficulty
accepting her version of events, namely that Ong had assured her and Bernardo
that the cheque was “for show” and procured her signature on the Option
without informing her of its nature. Tran appeared to be a simple and
guileless individual. I also accept that she was not familiar with the
procedure for purchasing a property as she was buying property in Singapore
for the first time. Although it would have added to Tran’s case had she called
the lawyer she consulted, given the overall evidence, I am satisfied that this
was not a fabricated story on Tran’s part even without corroboration from the
lawyer. Although Bernardo had a lesser part to play in this case, his evidence
was direct and unwavering. I accept it as corroborative of Tran’s evidence,
and not a result of false collusion with her.

8 Ong’s general demeanour throughout the trial impressed me as an
untrustworthy person. Ong’s failure to disclose that she was the owner of the
Property was contrary to the CEA’s Professional Service Manual, which serves
as guidelines for ethical conduct and provides that a property agent shall “as
soon as possible disclose upfront that he is an interested party in the
transaction”. Ong’s excuse was that Tran did not ask if she was the owner. The
evidence shows that this was not just an omission but active deception. Ong
referred to the owner as a third party in messages to Tran where she implied
that she had handed the cheque to the owner:

[12.02am] You Don’t have to sign anything now I cannot advise you as chq and
option given to seller rightfully this is legal bound but I think if you are
Worried I shall help you to resolve this matter

…

[12.19am] I am most willing to help but this is legal bound and if you are so
worried I feel bad too I have no authority to cancel the chq

9 Later that day, Tran told Ong to ask the owner to return the cheque to her,
but Ong did not reply until two hours later, and even then she did not correct
Tran’s wrong impression. The next day, when confronted with proof that she was
the owner, Ong replied:

[A]fter careful consideration of what had happened life is too short to argue
over money and for your information I reserved my rights not to review my
assets and my personal wealth to anyone

10 Ong’s persistent refusal to acknowledge that the terms of the Option were
unusual also detracted from her credibility. She insisted that there was no
“normal” option fee and refused to admit that paying the full purchase price
upon exercise of an option to purchase is clearly disadvantageous to the
buyer. Her repeated refrain was that the transaction was unusual because Tran
wanted it to be so. All this created the impression of an opportunistic owner
taking advantage of an unsuspecting and ignorant buyer.

11 Judi Lee, another property agent who witnessed the signing of the Option,
was called as a witness for Ong. Her evidence appeared rehearsed to
corroborate Ong’s evidence. She refused to acknowledge the unusual terms of
the Option and insisted that there was no usual practice for option money. In
fact, she repeated Ong’s refrain that anything goes as long as there was a
“willing buyer, willing seller”. This significantly affected her credibility.

12 There is no dispute that it is Tran’s signature on the Option, but I do not
find that it can be taken as an acknowledgement or acceptance of the entire
Option. Ong admitted that she told Tran to sign the document merely to
countersign the cancellation of certain words in the document:

Q Now, the 2nd defendant says – and I will put her version to you, you can
agree or disagree – that you passed her a document that Judi had filled out
and you asked her to countersign on the mistake on the document to acknowledge
the cancellation of certain words that were not applicable. So what you did
was you showed her the cancellation, you told her these words were not
applicable and you asked her to countersign against the cancellation. Agree or
disagree?

A Agree.

This was corroborated by the contemporaneous text messages, including one sent
by Ong to Tran on the same day:

Dear you did not sign anything it is only acknowledged that you initial on the
cancellation of certain words that are not applicable.

13 On the two copies of the Option tendered before this court, Tran’s
signature only appears next to the cancellation of non-applicable words or
amendments. There is no indication that her signature was intended to be an
acknowledgement or acceptance of the use of the cheque as an option fee or
that it was an acknowledgement, endorsement, or acceptance of a binding
contract.

14 Mr Lee submits that there was valid acceptance because at the meeting where
the Option was signed, Tran had engaged in extensive discussions about its
terms. I do not accept Ong’s evidence that Tran and her had conducted
extensive negotiations about the terms of the Option. Her story was not
consistent with the objective evidence available, including the unusual nature
of the terms. Furthermore, after receiving a concerned message from Tran about
the 90% payment, Ong replied:

Ok it was written by Judi by mistakes the consideration.is another 10% when u
exercise option will amend tks Ok?

15 To commit a “mistake” on something as fundamental as the amount due upon
exercise of the Option – the very item that Tran appended her signature to –
suggests that there was no agreement on the terms. It was an indication that
Ong was trying to land a quick sale before her unsuspecting client got wise to
it. As such, I am of the view that there was no binding agreement between Ong
and the defendants. The option document was inchoate for want of proper
endorsement.

16 I not only find that there was no contract between the owner and the
defendants, on the evidence, I am of the view that Tran was induced to give
the cheque to Ong by reason of Ong’s false and misleading representations. Ong
had fraudulently misled Tran into thinking that she and her husband were
complying with a normal process for the sale and purchase of a property in
which the cheque was only “for show”.

17 Accordingly, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim and I order her to pay the
costs of the defendants to be taxed if not agreed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Edwin Lee Peng Khoon and Ng Wei Ying (Eldan Law LLP)  
for the plaintiff;  
N Sreenivasan SC, Claire Tan Kai Ning and Partheban s/o Pandiyan (K&L Gates
Straits Law Practice) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

