Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGCA 16

Criminal Appeal No 10 of 2018

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| ASR  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Criminal Case No 47 of 2016

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| ASR  
---|---  
  
grounds of decision

* * *

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Intellectually disabled
offenders]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Young offenders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

ASR

[2019] SGCA 16

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 10 of 2018  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA, Tay Yong
Kwang JA and Chao Hick Tin SJ  
19 September 2018

11 March 2019

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 Writing in 1968, H L A Hart observed of criminal sentencing that “[t]he most
difficult problems are presented by young children and the mentally abnormal”:
see “Punishment and the Elimination of Responsibility” in Punishment and
Responsibility (John Gardner ed) (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2008) ch 7
at p 184. This appeal was a lucid testament to the truth of this observation
as it concerned an offender, the respondent, who was possessed of both
characteristics, being just over 14 years of age at the time of the offences
which were in issue, and also afflicted with an intellectual disability.
Compounding the difficulty of the case was the seriousness of his crimes: he
raped a teenage girl in broad daylight and committed serious sexual abuse on
her in other ways. On the other hand, but for his age, he might have invoked a
statutory defence to criminal liability on the ground of his lack of maturity.
Finally, the minimum sentences stipulated in the charges to which he pleaded
guilty, the number of those charges, and the existing sentencing regime
presented the sentencing court with only two real alternatives which differed
starkly: a lengthy term of imprisonment with caning, or reformative training.

2 In these circumstances, the High Court chose the latter sentencing option.
After hearing the Prosecution’s appeal for the former to be imposed instead,
we agreed with the High Court and dismissed the appeal. In these grounds, we
explain our reasons in full as well as discuss the delicate and complex issues
of sentencing principle that arose for determination.

Background

3 The respondent was 17 at the time he was sentenced in the court below, and
18 when this appeal was heard. Before he was remanded for the offences in
issue, he lived with his mother, grandmother and six siblings in a one-bedroom
flat. He was a student at a school for children with special needs, and was
assessed by the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) a few months after the
commission of the offences to have an IQ of 61. His mental age was assessed by
one expert to be eight years old, and by another to be between eight and ten
years old. It appears that the respondent was just 11 when he first committed
an offence. He was thereafter placed on a one-year guidance programme, which
he completed. Between the middle of 2013 and 2014, he committed a series of
offences which culminated in these proceedings. He was 13 at the time of the
earliest of those offences, and 14 at the time of the three sexual offences
which were the subject of the charges proceeded with in this case.

The early offences

4 In June 2013, the respondent and three of his friends burgled a flat and
stole a number of household items in the total value of $41. He was not
charged for this and was instead administered a stern warning in April 2014 on
the condition that he not reoffend within the next twelve months. Three months
later, in July 2014, he breached that condition by acquiring an EZ-link card
of unknown value which he had reason to believe was stolen property. In the
same month, he also burgled another flat and stole $300 in cash as well as
seven packets of cigarettes. The next day, together with three friends, he
stole a mobile phone, six packets of cigarettes and $1,500 in cash from a
stranger.

5 The respondent was arrested shortly after. For his conduct in the four
incidents mentioned above, he was charged under the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”) with, respectively: (a) theft in a human dwelling
with common intention under s 380 read with s 34; (b) dishonest retention of
stolen property under s 411(1); (c) house-breaking by night in order to commit
theft with common intention under s 457 read with s 34; and (d) snatch theft
with common intention under s 356 read with s 34. These were, respectively,
the seventh, eighth, sixth and fifth charges in this case.

6 The respondent was then remanded at the Singapore Boys’ Home pending the
investigation of these offences. He was released on bail towards the end of
July 2014, and proceeded to commit two other offences. In September 2014, he
appropriated a friend’s skateboard, and in October 2014, he grabbed the
buttocks of a 21-year-old girl. For these actions, he was charged under the
Penal Code with criminal breach of trust under s 406 and outrage of modesty
under s 354(1) respectively. These were, respectively, the ninth and the tenth
charges in this case. He was arrested, and later released on bail again.

The rape

7 On 21 November 2014, the respondent was distributing flyers with his brother
and a friend in Bukit Panjang. At about 5.00pm he went to a convenience store
to take a break. It was then that he spotted the victim. She was 16 years old
at the time, and has been assessed to have an IQ of 50. She was a schoolmate
of the respondent, although they did not know each other.

8 The respondent decided to follow the victim because he had become aroused
upon seeing her. He tailed her across two pedestrian crossings to the block of
flats where she lived. He hid behind a wall while she waited for the lift.
When she entered the lift, he hurried in after her. He pressed the button for
the highest floor, while she pressed the button for a lower floor. When the
doors opened for her floor, she exited into the lobby. He followed her and
said, “Baby, I love you.” She did not respond and walked towards her flat.

9 The respondent then pushed her against the parapet. Afraid, she froze. He
hugged her and kissed her on her lips and neck. She told him to go away, but
he persisted. He then unzipped his shorts and took out his penis. Squatting
down, he lifted her dress and pulled her panties to her ankles. He placed his
hand inside her bra and felt her breasts. He then inserted a finger into her
vagina. She felt pain. He then told her to lie down. She refused and tried to
flee, but he restrained her, saying: “If you never lie down now, I take out my
knife.” He then pushed her to the floor.

10 Climbing on top of her, the respondent inserted his penis into her vagina.
He was not wearing a condom at that time. Again, the victim felt pain. He then
ejaculated on her underwear. But her ordeal was not over. He went through her
belongings and found a comb that was about 15cm long. He inserted it into her
vagina. After taking it out, he placed it into her mouth. He had no reason to
believe that she consented to his actions, but decided to have his way
because, in his own words, he “felt horny”. He then said, “Bye bye”, and left
the scene.

The aftermath

11 The victim returned to her flat and began to cry. Her family later brought
her to make a police report. Two days later, the respondent was arrested. His
bail was revoked and he has been remanded at the Singapore Boys’ Home since
then.

12 For inserting his finger and the comb into the victim’s vagina, the
respondent was charged under the Penal Code with two counts of sexual assault
by penetration under s 376(2)(a), which is punishable under s 376(3). For
threatening to use a knife and penetrating the victim’s vagina with his penis,
the respondent was charged under the Penal Code with one count of aggravated
rape under s 375(1)(a) read with s 375(3)(a)(ii). These three charges were the
third, fourth and second charges respectively in this case. There was
originally a first charge for rape, but that was later withdrawn.

13 In April 2015, all ten charges were laid against the respondent in the
Youth Court. The first to the fourth charges were transmitted to the High
Court. Although the investigations had concluded by then, according to the
Prosecution, “the pre-trial process, the need to secure various psychiatric
reports, and the need to fix hearing dates that took into account the
court[’s] and [the] parties’ availabilities” resulted in the matter being
heard only almost two years later in February 2017. By then, the respondent
had turned 16 and had spent nearly two years in remand.

The proceedings below

14 Before the High Court judge (“the Judge”), the Prosecution proceeded with
the second, third and fourth charges, and, with the respondent’s consent,
invited the Judge to take the fifth to the tenth charges into consideration
for sentencing purposes. The respondent pleaded guilty to the proceeded
charges, and the Judge convicted him accordingly.

The Newton hearing

15 After hearing submissions on the appropriate sentence, the Judge called for
a report on the respondent’s suitability for reformative training. Dr Jacob
Rajesh, a senior consultant psychiatrist in the Singapore Prisons Service
(“the SPS”), prepared and issued a series of memoranda between February and
March 2017 in which he maintained that because the respondent had mild mental
retardation, he was not suitable for reformative training.

16 The parties then applied in April 2017 for a Newton hearing to determine
two issues: (a) the respondent’s prospects of rehabilitation; and (b) his risk
of reoffending. At the hearing, the Judge directed the Prosecution to provide
statistics on: (a) the historical number of sexual offenders who had been
deemed eligible for reformative training, the number who had been sentenced
accordingly and the number who had not; (b) for those offenders who had not
been sentenced to reformative training, the reasons why; (c) the number of
offenders in each of the two categories who had sub-normal IQ; and (d) for
those with sub-normal IQ, what had been recommended in their reformative
training suitability reports.

17 The statistics showed that the mere fact that a sexual offence was involved
did not preclude the imposition of a sentence of reformative training. Out of
830 reformative training suitability reports surveyed, 11 offenders (including
the respondent) had been convicted of sexual offences, meaning rape
simpliciter, sexual assault by penetration or outrage of modesty. Of these 11,
nine had been sentenced to reformative training, one had not and the one
remaining (the respondent) had not been sentenced yet. The statistics also
showed that the mere fact that an offender had an intellectual disability or a
low IQ score did not preclude the imposition of reformative training. Of the
830 reformative training suitability reports surveyed, 19 offenders had sub-
normal IQ, that is, borderline IQ of 70–79 and low IQ of below 69. Of these
19, 11 (including the respondent) had been assessed to be unlikely to benefit
from reformative training, while eight had been assessed to be likely to
benefit from it. Three of these eight had been sentenced to reformative
training.

18 After the Newton hearing, the Prosecution pressed for a global sentence of
between 15 and 18 years’ imprisonment and at least 15 strokes of the cane. The
respondent, on the other hand, submitted that reformative training would be
the appropriate sentence in the present circumstances.

The Judge’s decision

19 On 12 March 2018, the Judge sentenced the respondent to reformative
training. The Judge’s grounds of decision were published the following month:
see Public Prosecutor v ASR [2018] SGHC 94 (“the GD”). In the Judge’s view,
the “main issue” before him was whether the respondent should be sentenced to
reformative training (at [47]). He answered this in the affirmative because,
in his view, rehabilitation was the dominant sentencing consideration, and
this made reformative training the more appropriate sentence compared to
imprisonment with caning. The GD addressed the main issue through two lines of
inquiry: (a) whether the circumstances of the respondent’s offences made
reformative training an inappropriate sentence; and (b) whether the
respondent’s intellectual disability made that sentencing option
inappropriate.

20 The Judge resolved the first question in the negative for the following
reasons:

(a) First, the Prosecution was wrong to suggest that the gravity of the
respondent’s offences made reformative training inappropriate. The fact that
serious offences had been committed had not stopped the courts from applying
rehabilitative sentencing options in previous cases (at [59]–[63]). Also, the
Prosecution had presented the respondent as being more culpable than he
actually was (at [70]). In addition, the statistics showed that the mere fact
that an offender had committed sexual offences and had an intellectual
disability did not inherently preclude him from being sentenced to reformative
training (at [84]).

(b) Second, the respondent’s culpability in relation to the charges that were
taken into consideration for sentencing purposes was not as serious as the
Prosecution had suggested (at [87]). The Judge found that the evidence showed,
among other things, that the respondent’s ninth charge (for criminal breach of
trust) was in connection with his failure to return a friend’s skateboard (at
[90]), and that he played a “minimal role” in relation to those offences which
he was alleged to have committed with others (at [91]–[92]). The Judge also
rejected the Prosecution’s view that the fifth and sixth charges showed that
the respondent had a propensity to target the vulnerable, reasoning that while
the victims in those charges were elderly men, there was no evidence that the
respondent had targeted them because of their vulnerability (at [94]–[95]).

(c) Third, the Prosecution was wrong to offer lengthy incarceration as the
solution to the significant risk that the respondent would reoffend in the
absence of proper rehabilitation, the existence of that risk being a fact
which was accepted by the experts on both sides (at [100]–[101]). The Judge
doubted that society would be better protected after the respondent was
eventually released as he would by then be “stronger and bigger, but lacking
insight into the consequences that his choices and conduct carry” (at [101]).
Instead, rehabilitation offered a “practical, longer-term solution” which
would enhance the protection of the public (at [102]).

21 The Judge also had regard to the trauma that the victim had suffered. But
he decided that that had to be balanced against other considerations,
including the long-term protection of the public and the rehabilitation of the
respondent (at [107]). For all these reasons, the Judge concluded that
rehabilitation remained the dominant sentencing consideration (at [108]).

22 Turning to the second line of inquiry, the Judge was not satisfied that the
respondent’s intellectual disability made reformative training an
inappropriate sentence. The Judge began by setting out his findings on the
respondent’s condition. The IMH had found that the respondent functioned in
the “extremely low range of intelligence” and had an IQ of 61. This score was
equal to or better than just 0.5% of his peers of the same age. His “verbal
comprehension” was assessed to be “extremely low”, and his “perceptual
reasoning”, “working memory” and “processing speed” were “borderline” (at
[112]). His adaptive behaviour skills were in the bottom 1% of young people of
his age (at [113]). Based on the foregoing data, the Prosecution’s main
psychiatric expert witness, Dr Cai Yiming, an emeritus consultant at the IMH’s
Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, accepted that the respondent
had a mild intellectual disability (at [114]).

23 Next, the Judge considered the evidence on the respondent’s suitability for
reformative training. This was largely evidence in the form of expert opinion.
Giving evidence for the Prosecution were Dr Rajesh; Dr Cai; Ms Desiree Choo, a
clinical psychologist with the IMH; Mr Ong Pee Eng, a deputy director in the
Operations Division of the SPS; Mr Ng Kheng Hong, an assistant director in the
same division; and Mr Soh Tee Peng William, a senior assistant director in the
SPS’s Correctional Rehabilitation Service Branch. Giving evidence for the
respondent were Dr John Bosco Lee, formerly a senior consultant psychiatrist
with the SPS and now a private psychiatrist, and Dr Munidasa Winslow, formerly
a psychiatrist with the IMH and now a senior consultant psychiatrist in
private practice. Having considered their evidence, the Judge concluded that
while it would probably be difficult for the respondent to benefit from
reformative training because of the way it was usually conducted, adjustments
could be made to the programme to meet the respondent’s needs. The Judge
summed up the evidence of the main expert witnesses as follows:

(a) Dr Rajesh’s evidence was that the respondent was unsuitable for
reformative training because the programme was group-based and catered for
inmates with “normal levels of intelligence” (at [119]). Having a low IQ, the
respondent would find it difficult to “comprehend” the programme as it was
based on changing a person’s cognitive behaviour by formulating reoffending
prevention strategies (at [120]). It was not impossible that the respondent
would benefit, but the chances of that were “very, very low”, meaning that
there was a 75–80% chance that he would not benefit (at [122]).

(b) Dr Lee opined that the respondent should ideally be placed in a mental
institution such as the IMH where he could receive special treatment for his
condition (at [123]).

(c) Dr Cai opined that the respondent needed to be kept in a structured
environment, and that the focus had to be on helping him to overcome his
disability in a way that he could follow and understand. Dr Cai doubted
whether reformative training would be effective in this respect (at [124]).

(d) Mr Ng’s evidence showed that suitable modifications could be made to the
reformative training programme so as to cater to intellectually disabled
individuals (at [127]). The Judge noted (at [126]) that in this regard, Mr Ng
had referred to the case of Public Prosecutor v Mohammad Fadlee bin Mohammad
Faizal [2016] SGDC 274 (“Mohammad Fadlee”). There, reformative training had
been imposed on an offender with borderline intelligence who had been
convicted of (among other charges) a charge of attempting to insult a woman’s
modesty, with the reformative training programme “suitably modified” to suit
the offender’s “unique circumstances”.

24 Further, the Judge found that the respondent was not suitable for
imprisonment for two reasons. First, the Judge accepted Dr Lee’s opinion that
imprisonment could enhance the respondent’s criminality through negative peer
influence, and that prison was a stressful environment which might have
particularly adverse psychological effects on persons with mental retardation,
such as the respondent (at [134]). Second, the Judge rejected the
Prosecution’s submission that imprisonment was the preferred option because
the respondent would be adequately cared for through a tailored one-to-one
rehabilitation programme which the SPS would be able to provide. If a
customised programme for the respondent could be provided in prison, the Judge
reasoned, it ought to be possible likewise to provide this in the context of
reformative training (at [136]).

25 The Judge then observed that apart from reformative training and
imprisonment with caning, there were no viable alternative sentencing options.
The respondent was not eligible for a mandatory treatment order under s 339(3)
of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”) because he
was not suffering from a psychiatric condition (at [142]). Nor was he a person
of unsound mind, and therefore, the provisions in Division 5 of Part XIII of
the CPC that catered for such persons were not applicable (at [143]). Police
supervision after the conclusion of the sentence imposed, under s 309(1) of
the CPC, was not an available option because the respondent did not meet the
requirement that he have a prior conviction for an offence punishable with
imprisonment for two years or more (at [148]).

26 Next, the Judge considered that the respondent had possibly been prejudiced
by the nearly two-year delay in the proceedings between the time he was
charged in April 2015, when he was 14, and the time of his plea-of-guilt
hearing in February 2017, by which time he had turned 16. It appeared to the
Judge that if the respondent’s conviction or sentencing had taken place before
he turned 16, such that he remained a “juvenile” as defined in s 2(1) of the
Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the CYPA”), he would
have been able to seek the exercise of the court’s discretion under s 323 of
the CPC read with s 37(2) of the CYPA not to impose a sentence of
imprisonment, provided he had not been certified by the court to be “of so
unruly a character that he could not be detained in a place of detention or a
juvenile rehabilitation centre” (at [159]–[162]). However, the Judge
considered that these provisions were unclear as to the applicable date for
assessing an offender’s age (which could be, among other possible dates, the
date of the commission of the offences concerned or the date of the offender’s
conviction), and urged legislative clarification in this regard (at [166] and
[168]). In any event, the Judge did not take into account the possible
prejudice that the respondent might have suffered. This was because even if
there were no such prejudice, the Judge would still have been inclined to
impose a sentence of reformative training (at [167]).

27 Finally, the Judge expressed a concern not to undo the progress that the
respondent had already made at the Singapore Boys’ Home, where he had been
remanded for the preceding three years. The Judge accepted the evidence of the
manager of the Youth Guidance Management programme at the Home, Mr
Murugasvaran s/o Madasamy, that the respondent was “very well-behaved” and
motivated to change, could be trusted, and had shown remorse for his actions
(at [172]). This evidence also suggested to the Judge that the respondent was
“not as irredeemable as one might have assumed” (at [173]).

28 For these reasons, the Judge sentenced the respondent to reformative
training (at [176]). The Prosecution appealed against that decision.

The appeal

29 Before this appeal came on for hearing, we indicated to the parties that we
wished to be addressed on whether Parliament intended at all for
intellectually disabled offenders who had not attained sufficient maturity of
understanding to judge the nature and consequences of their conduct to be
liable to be convicted and sentenced to imprisonment, caning or reformative
training in the light of s 83 of the Penal Code and any other relevant
material. Section 83 provides an absolute defence to criminal liability for
any child above seven but under 12 years of age who, at the time of his
offending conduct, was not of “sufficient maturity of understanding to judge
of the nature and consequence of his conduct”. The parties understood this as
an invitation to consider whether s 83 was applicable, and therefore made
submissions addressing that issue. We should add here that in the course of
the Newton hearing below, the Judge had similarly asked the parties to
consider the applicability of this provision, and both parties had taken the
position that it was not applicable: see the GD at [153].

30 We also invited submissions on whether the conviction and imposition of a
sentence of imprisonment, caning or reformative training on the respondent
would in any way violate the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985
Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the Constitution”). The Prosecution understood this as
an invitation to address the constitutionality of the legislative provisions
implicated in the respondent’s conviction and sentencing, including the
relevant offence-creating provisions, the provisions which created the
sentencing options that were available to the court, and the provisions which
set out any possible defence that the respondent might have relied upon such
as s 83 of the Penal Code. In contrast, the respondent restricted his
constitutional challenge to just s 83. We therefore limit ourselves in these
grounds to expressing our views on whether s 83 is constitutional.

The Prosecution’s case

31 The Prosecution submitted that s 83 did not apply to the respondent because
it applied only to offenders “above 7 years of age and under 12”, and the
respondent was 14 at the time of his offences. In particular, that phrase, in
the Prosecution’s view, did not encompass the concept of mental age,
considering the ordinary meaning and legislative history of s 83, and
therefore, the respondent’s mental age of between eight and ten years had no
significance in this context. The Prosecution also contended that s 83 was
consistent with Arts 9(1) and 12(1) of the Constitution because it employed a
differentia, namely, chronological age, which bore a rational relation to the
object of the provision. The Prosecution further argued that in any event, the
respondent was able to “judge of the nature and consequence of his conduct”
within the meaning of s 83.

32 The Prosecution maintained its position that the respondent should be
sentenced to a term of between 15 and 18 years’ imprisonment and at least 15
strokes of the cane. Its first principal submission was that the Judge erred
by wrongly identifying the relevant and controlling sentencing objectives. It
argued that rehabilitation was not the dominant sentencing consideration in
this case because the respondent’s offences were serious, the harm caused was
severe, the respondent was hardened and recalcitrant, and reformative training
was not viable. Instead, retribution and prevention were the key sentencing
objectives. The Judge erred in finding that the respondent’s culpability had
been affected by his intellectual disability, and failed to appreciate that
the various aggravating factors in this case compelled a retributive sentence.

33 The Prosecution’s second principal submission was that the Judge erred in
selecting the wrong sentencing option to meet the applicable sentencing
objectives. It argued that reformative training was manifestly inappropriate
and, indeed, inadequate because it did not meet the need for retribution, and
also would not reform the respondent, who was not suitable for reformative
training. The Prosecution submitted that imprisonment was the only suitable
sentencing option, not only because it would serve the objectives of
retribution and prevention, and would be in line with the established
sentencing guidelines for rape and sexual assault by penetration, but also
because it would enable the respondent to be rehabilitated within a controlled
environment and over a longer period of time. An incapacitating sentence was
needed, the Prosecution emphasised, to protect the public from the
respondent’s high risk of reoffending.

The respondent’s case

34 The respondent contended that s 83 of the Penal Code ought to be read
purposively to apply to offenders whose mental age was between seven and 12
regardless of whether their chronological age was above or below 12. If this
interpretation of s 83 were accepted, it would mean that the respondent would
be entitled to rely on the provision. However, the respondent did not seek to
be acquitted because that would result in the withdrawal of rehabilitative
possibilities for him. If, on the other hand, the respondent’s interpretation
of s 83 were wrong, then s 83, in his view, would be inconsistent with Arts
9(1) and 12(1) of the Constitution because it would be discriminatory for
failing to extend the protection of the statutory defence to offenders who,
although not of the requisite chronological age, might nonetheless be of
insufficient maturity of understanding as a result of their mental age.

35 The respondent adopted the reasons of the Judge in seeking to uphold his
decision to impose reformative training. The respondent presented two
principal sets of arguments. The first was a collection of general principles,
including the propositions that the intellectually disabled should not be
precluded from benefiting from reformative training, that the assessment of an
offender’s culpability should be affected by his IQ, and that the seeming
gravity of an offence should not automatically preclude the imposition of
reformative training. The second set of arguments sought to highlight how the
specific features of this case justified the Judge’s sentence of reformative
training. In this regard, the respondent argued that the sentence was
consistent with precedent, that his culpability as reflected in the charges
taken into consideration did not demonstrate escalating criminal behaviour,
and that reformative training would be in both his and society’s long-term
interests.

The issues on appeal and our approach

36 In that light, we outline the five broad issues which, in our judgment,
arose for determination in this appeal.

37 The first was the extent of the respondent’s intellectual disability. This
appeal in large measure turned on the proper characterisation of the
respondent’s mental state at the time of his offences. It was therefore
appropriate to begin with a close examination of this issue in order to
establish a proper view of the factual matrix of this case.

38 The second broad issue was the applicability of s 83 of the Penal Code.
Section 83 provides a complete defence to criminal liability if the offender
is “a child above 7 years of age and under 12” and “has not attained
sufficient maturity of understanding to judge of the nature and consequence of
his conduct” on the occasion of his offence. The respondent contended that s
83 applied to him, so we had to consider whether that was correct. As we shall
explain, we disagreed with the respondent. On this hypothesis, the respondent
submitted that s 83 must then be unconstitutional, but we also did not accept
that argument, as we shall explain.

39 The third broad issue was the appropriate sentencing framework for
intellectually disabled young offenders convicted of serious offences. This
was an important issue because it concerned the general framework for
assessing the whole case. It invited the question whether the two-step
framework for sentencing young offenders articulated in Public Prosecutor v
Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri [2008] 1 SLR(R) 449 (“Al-Ansari”) and affirmed in
cases such as Public Prosecutor v Koh Wen Jie Boaz [2016] 1 SLR 334 (“Boaz
Koh”) was suitable for the sentencing of intellectually disabled young
offenders who have committed serious offences.

40 The fourth broad issue was whether rehabilitation should remain the
dominant sentencing objective in this case. This required us to examine
whether and to what extent deterrence, incapacitation and retribution applied
to the respondent in view of his youth and the extent of his intellectual
disability.

41 The fifth and final issue was whether, in the light of the applicable
sentencing objectives, reformative training was the appropriate sentencing
option in this case. This required us to analyse the suitability of,
respectively, reformative training and a long imprisonment term with caning,
the latter being the Prosecution’s sentencing position.

42 We now turn to address these issues in sequence.

Issue 1: The extent of the respondent’s intellectual disability

43 The extent of the respondent’s intellectual disability centred around three
factual issues: first, the significance of his IQ score; second, the
significance of his mental age, which entailed consideration of the
meaningfulness and reliability of the concept of mental age for sentencing
purposes generally; and third, the degree to which his intellectual disability
affected his ability to control his impulses. Below, we address each issue in
turn, and explain why, together, they demonstrated that the respondent’s
intellectual functioning was seriously impaired.

The respondent’s IQ

44 The respondent’s IQ test was administered when he was about 14 and a half
years old by Ms Choo. The version of the IQ test which she administered was
the fourth edition of the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children (“the
WISC”), known as “the WISC-IV”. The WISC-IV, according to Ms Choo’s report, is
“used to test the general thinking and reasoning skills of pupils aged six
through sixteen” and “provides an overall measure of intellectual ability”
[emphasis in original omitted].

45 The WISC-IV provides four “index scores”, each of which measures a
different aspect of the candidate’s cognitive ability. The four indices are
the Verbal Comprehension Index, the Perceptual Reasoning Index, the Working
Memory Index and the Processing Speed Index, which are abbreviated in Ms
Choo’s report as “VCI”, “PRI”, “WMI” and “PSI” respectively. According to Ms
Choo, VCI measures the ability to understand verbal information, to think and
reason with words, as well as to express thoughts in words; PRI measures
perceptual organisation, which includes the ability to think in visual images,
to manipulate such images, to reason without the use of words, and to perceive
and interpret visual material; WMI measures the ability to maintain
information in conscious awareness, to perform some operation or manipulation
of it, and to produce a result; and PSI measures the speed of mental and
graphomotor (meaning handwriting) processing, visual-perceptual
discrimination, and eye-hand coordination.

46 The candidate’s four index scores are averaged to yield what is called his
Full Scale IQ or “FSIQ” score. It is this overall metric that we have in mind,
as did the Judge, when we refer to the respondent’s IQ score. The respondent’s
WISC-IV test results, including his individual index scores and his overall
FSIQ score, were set out in Ms Choo’s report in the form of the following
table:

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

47 In her report, Ms Choo stated that the respondent’s FSIQ score should be
“interpreted with caution”, and that his intellectual functioning would be
“more meaningfully understood by his performance on the separate indices”
because there was “a significant difference between his scores on the
individual subtests within this domain”. Explaining the significance of each
of the respondent’s index scores, she stated that he scored equal to or better
than 0.1%, 6%, 3% and 5% of his same-aged peers in VCI, PRI, WMI and PSI
respectively. In its written submissions, the Prosecution echoed Ms Choo’s
caution in relation to the discrepancy between the respondent’s VCI score and
his other index scores, and suggested that the respondent might be more
intelligent than his FSIQ score conveyed.

48 In our judgment, the caution sounded by Ms Choo did not assist the
Prosecution because it did not tell us precisely how the discrepancy between
the respondent’s VCI score and his other index scores shed light on his state
of mind at the time he committed his offences. In particular, although it was
clear that each of the four index scores measured a different aspect of the
respondent’s cognitive ability, it was not demonstrated to us how each aspect
related to the other aspects, and how any of those relationships explained the
respondent’s state of mind at the time of his offences. In fact, Ms Choo
herself was not prepared to restrict the respondent’s low cognitive
functioning to just his verbal comprehension ability. Thus, during cross-
examination, she was unwilling to confirm that despite the respondent’s
“extremely low” VCI score, his “borderline” PRI score meant that he could
think and solve problems without the use of words:

Q Okay. Also, going back to PRI, perceptual reasoning, him scoring borderline,
would you say that that shows on some level he is able to think and solve
problems, just that the manner in which he does it is through [the] use of
images, pictures and not so much words?

A Think that might be al---a bit of a leap from the results and I’m not able
to confirm that based on these results.

49 In the circumstances, we concluded that there was nothing improper in
reasoning, as the Judge did (see the GD at [112]), on the footing that at the
time of the offences, the respondent: (a) functioned in the “extremely low
range of intelligence”, according to Ms Choo’s assessment of his overall IQ
score of 61; and (b) scored equal to or better than just 0.5% of his same-aged
peers.

The respondent’s mental age

50 Next, we consider the respondent’s mental age. The formula for calculating
mental age, as stated in a report prepared by Dr Cai, is: “Mental age = (IQ x
Physical Age) ÷ 100 (average IQ score)”. Based on his FSIQ score of 61, the
respondent, according to Dr Lee, had a mental age of between eight and ten at
the time of his offences, and, according to Dr Cai, had a mental age of eight
at that time. In the court below, the Judge did not appear to base any part of
his reasoning on the respondent’s mental age. He recorded Dr Cai’s criticism
that mental age was “archaic and not helpful and meaningful in clinical
practice and forensic evaluation”, but neither accepted nor rejected this
opinion: see the GD at [150]–[151]. Nonetheless, part of the Prosecution’s
case on appeal was that the concept of mental age was not reliable for the
purpose of sentencing. For the reasons that follow, we considered the
Prosecution’s criticism to be overstated, and found that the concept was in
fact a useful heuristic tool for that purpose, although it must be understood
in the context of the offender’s life experiences.

The concept of mental age

51 The Prosecution submitted, relying on some scientific literature, that the
mental age of a person did not indicate his social and emotional functioning,
and did not account for his life experiences. This point was indirectly
supported by Dr Cai’s report, which suggested that it was inaccurate to think
of the respondent as an eight-year-old boy because such a boy would typically
be unable to conceive of or carry out a rape offence. The Prosecution also
highlighted that the respondent’s expert, Dr Lee, accepted that even people
who were of the same chronological age could exhibit different levels of
maturity due to their living or family circumstances. The Prosecution referred
to the opinion of one Dr Robert Adler, cited with approval by the Supreme
Court of Tasmania in Dobson v Jackson [2009] TASSC 118 at [255] per Evans J,
that mental age simply meant that persons with an intellectual disability, for
example, with an IQ of 50, “perform in some areas like a nine year old”.

52 We had three observations on these submissions. First, mental age is
predicated on the concept of FSIQ. Therefore, it must, as a matter of logic,
carry any limitation that FSIQ carries. As we have seen, FSIQ measures verbal
comprehension, perceptual reasoning, working memory and processing speed: see
[45]–[46] above. FSIQ does not measure social or emotional functioning; nor
does it take into account a person’s life experiences, at least not directly.
Since mental age is predicated on FSIQ, it cannot be criticised for not taking
these factors into account because it does not purport to be an estimate of
these factors. What mental age purports to be is an estimate of what a person
of a particular chronological age would usually be capable of achieving in
terms of verbal comprehension, perceptual reasoning, working memory, and
processing speed. Since this is all that the concept of mental age purports to
estimate, it cannot then fairly be criticised for failing to be an estimate of
more than that.

53 Second, as mental age does not take into account a person’s life
experiences, it follows that the older a person, the less probative value his
mental age would have, all other things being equal. Thus, a 40-year-old man
who is clinically assessed to have a mental age of an eight-year-old cannot
really be said to be thinking and operating like an eight-year-old. This is
because he will have lived some 20 or so years as an adult, and may perhaps
even have held down a job – all these experiences cannot be discounted when
assessing his cognitive ability. Conversely, by the same token, the younger a
person, the more probative value his mental age would have, all other things
being equal. Thus, take a child who is 12 at the time of his offences, and who
is assessed at that time to have a mental age of between eight and ten years
old: in such a case, it seems unlikely that the child’s life experiences would
have overtaken his mental age to such an extent that his mental age has to be
substantially discounted or even disregarded altogether. His situation is
quite different to that of a 40-year-old man with a mental age of eight.

54 Third, as a matter of common sense, it cannot be wrong to analogise a
person’s maturity or cognitive ability with that of someone who is of a
different chronological age. Based on a person’s words and conduct, it is
entirely reasonable to say that he is “childish” or that he is “wise beyond
his years”. Indeed, implicit in Dr Cai’s opinion that rape is something that
“[a]n 8 years [sic] old boy, typically, is not able to think of or carry out”
is a notion of what a typical eight-year-old is capable of. The concept of
mental age, in our judgment, is simply a heuristic tool for quantifying that
kind of analogy in more precise terms. In so far as it is predicated on FSIQ,
it carries the limitations associated with FSIQ, and must be employed with an
awareness of those limitations. However, it should not be rejected altogether
as an unreliable and problematic concept.

55 Nor is any such rejection evident in the scientific literature. Dr Cai
explained the origin of the concept of mental age in these terms in his
report:

Mental Age is a concept related to intelligence. It was first defined by the
French psychologist Alfred Binet, who introduced the intelligence test in
1905, with the assistance of Theodore Simon. Historically, its use was for
educational streaming of the French schoolchildren.

It looks at how a specific child performs intellectually, compared to average
intellectual performance for that physical age, measured in years.

56 Consistent with this explanation, modern psychological literature continues
to employ the concept of mental age precisely to approximate a child’s
intellectual performance to that of his similar-aged peers. Thus, for example,
in Frank D Baughman et al, “Common mechanisms in intelligence and development:
A study of ability profiles in mental age-matched primary school children”
(2016) 56 Intelligence 99, researchers examined the relationship between
individual differences and cognitive development by comparing the cognitive
profiles of groups of younger and older children matched on overall mental age
using standard tests of intelligence, including the third edition of the WISC.
Notably, the conclusion was that there was a high degree of similarity between
these two age groups in terms of cognitive profile, suggesting that children
of different chronological ages who are of the same overall ability level in
terms of mental age are at a similar developmental and intellectual level.

57 Therefore, contrary to the Prosecution’s submission, we considered that the
concept of mental age is far from heterodox, outdated or unreliable. It is
certainly true that it must be understood in the context of an offender’s life
experiences and circumstances for the purposes of assessing his culpability
with regard to the specific offending act(s) that he is said to have
committed. But that is simply a function of what the concept of mental age
itself purports to represent, and does not in any way reduce its inherent
credibility or potential utility as a psychological concept.

Cases on mental age

58 In addition, the cases support the foregoing analysis of the concept of
mental age. Indeed, as far as we know, none of the cases, not even the ones
cited by the Prosecution, contain an outright rejection of the usefulness of
this concept in the context of sentencing. Those cases which do not place
significant reliance on it are cases in which the history of the offender’s
life experiences shows that he cannot be treated as if he were a child even
though he has the mental age of a child. We outline two of these cases below.

59 In Regina v Gordon Laxton [2010] EWCA Crim 2538 (“Laxton”), which was cited
by the Prosecution, the offender suffered brain damage at birth and was
“markedly impaired in his mental development” (at [4]). At the age of 52, he
pleaded guilty to multiple counts of indecent sexual assault perpetrated over
a number of years against his cousin, who was then aged between seven and 11,
as well as against his niece, who was then aged between seven and 12. These
offences were committed approximately from the time when the offender was 22
until he was 36. The first instance judge imposed a community order with a
supervision requirement for three years. The Attorney-General appealed,
arguing that the sentence was unduly lenient. The English Court of Appeal
agreed and substituted a sentence of three years’ imprisonment, holding that
although the judge was right to pay close attention to the offender’s
“difficulties and disabilities”, he failed to consider the seriousness of the
offences (at [19]). The court noted that the offender had been assessed to
have a mental age of eight, but disregarded this on the basis that his ability
to obtain gainful employment for over thirty years suggested that he was more
mature than that. Lord Judge LCJ made these remarks at [13]:

Full investigations have been made as to the extent of the offender’s mental
problems. A forensic psychologist was asked by those acting for the offender
to assess his intelligence and his suggestibility. The result of verbal and
non-verbal intelligence tests produced a score which would have put the
offender in the bottom one per cent of the population. The conclusion
expressed by the psychologist is that the offender

“is an extremely limited individual who probably has a mental age of
approximately 8 years. He would be unable to function as an adolescent, never
mind as an adult.”

We approach that conclusion with serious reservation because an 8 year old
would not be able to be in gainful employment, even of a modest kind, for
thirty years.

60 The next case is Regina v Myles Williams [2013] EWCA Crim 933 (“Williams”),
where the offender had an IQ below 70. He was convicted of the murder of a
girl, and of wounding with intent two other victims on the same occasion. He
committed these offences when he was 19. The first instance judge sentenced
him to life imprisonment for the murder, with a minimum term of 28 years’
imprisonment, and also to a concurrent term of 15 years’ detention in a young
offenders’ institution for the wounding offences. The offender appealed to
reduce the minimum 28-year imprisonment term, relying on, among other things,
his mental age, which was assessed as “early teens” (at [10]), and his
immaturity. Dismissing the appeal, the English Court of Appeal held that
although some allowance had to be given to the offender’s mental age, that was
not decisive because, by his conduct, he had shown himself to be capable of a
higher level of functioning. In this regard, the court noted that he “liked
partying, casual sex and taking illegal substances”, “had fathered children
with three women and had held down a job for some two years” (at [14]). Treacy
LJ said (likewise at [14]):

As stated, this appellant was 19 at the time of these crimes. The
psychological evidence showed that he was of limited intelligence. However, he
was able to understand the difference between right and wrong. Although he had
a mental age in the early teens, that was only one way of assessing his social
functioning. There was evidence to show that he functioned at a higher level
than that. The psychologist’s tests were primarily directed to cognitive
ability. This appellant, the evidence showed, liked partying, casual sex and
taking illegal substances. He had fathered children with three women and had
held down a job for some two years. In addition, the judge cited an example of
his cunning in the way he had shaped an explanation to deal with inconvenient
evidence. The conduct of which the appellant was guilty was gross and in our
judgment the judge was correct in his sentencing remarks to disavow any
correlation between the level of IQ and what was done in this case.
Nonetheless, allowance was to be made for the appellant’s age, which of itself
implies a level of immaturity, coupled with his intellectual difficulties
which undoubtedly reduced his level of mature social functioning, although not
to the point indicated by the IQ tests themselves.

61 Laxton and Williams may be contrasted with R v MBQ, ex parte Attorney-
General of Queensland [2012] QCA 202 (“MBQ”), a case cited by the respondent.
The offender there was an Aboriginal boy who was 12 when he raped as well as
had unlawful and indecent dealings with a three-year-old toddler, and 14 when
he was sentenced. He was assessed to be functioning in the range of a nine-
year-old at the time of his offences. He pleaded guilty to the offences, and
the first instance judge sentenced him to three years’ youth probation with
the special condition that he attend a rehabilitative programme as directed by
the State. The Attorney-General appealed, contending that the judge had placed
excessive weight on the offender’s mental age and other mitigating factors,
and had failed to recognise the seriousness of the offences. It was submitted
that imprisonment for a term of between three and five years would be
appropriate. Dismissing the appeal, the Queensland Court of Appeal accepted
that while the sentence seemed lenient, it was justified by the offender’s
reduced culpability in the light of his mental age at the time of his
offences. Margaret McMurdo P had regard to the evidence of the offender’s
intellectual capacity based on psychiatric reports (at [10] and [14]–[15]),
and concluded that it indicated that he had a “limited grasp of the
consequences and moral blameworthiness of his actions at the time he committed
the offences”, and this was “highly relevant” to the sentencing exercise (at
[44]).

62 The difference between Laxton and Williams on the one hand and MBQ on the
other seems to us to lie in this: in the former two cases, the offenders had
accumulated various mature experiences in life which made it difficult for the
court to take at face value the assessment that they had the mental age of a
child. In contrast, in MBQ, there was no evidence of such experiences. The
offender was 12 when he committed the offences and 14 when he was sentenced,
so he would not have had the time to experience anything which might suggest
that his mental age of nine at the time of his offences was a
mischaracterisation of his maturity. Instead, the evidence showed rather the
opposite, in that there appeared to be environmental reasons why the
offender’s mind had not properly developed, intellectually and socially.

63 In our judgment, therefore, the Prosecution was mistaken in arguing that
the court in Laxton “rejected the concept of mental age”. A person’s mental
age is, as we have noted, not a complete proxy for his cognitive ability, and
what the courts in Laxton and Williams found was simply that evidence of what
the offender had shown himself to be capable of doing meant that the court
could not take his clinically-assessed mental age to represent that in terms
of his cognitive ability, he was like a child. Where, however, there is little
or no evidence of that sort, then, in our judgment, the court would ordinarily
be justified in relying on an offender’s mental age as a heuristic tool for
assessing his degree of culpability.

The significance of the respondent’s mental age

64 In this case, the evidence was that based on his FSIQ score of 61, the
respondent had a mental age of between eight and ten at the time of his
offences. The significance of this was put in the following terms by Dr Lee
during the trial:

Witness: … People with mild mental retardation often have IQ that is measured
between 60 to 69. It is important for us to realise that, actually, there [is]
quite a substantial population among us because mental retardation prevalence
in [the] population is between 1 to 2 percent and mild mental retardation is
actually the greatest proportion of this group of people.

A good way to understand the level of functioning of people with mental
retardation is to picture someone between 8 to 10 years old, that kind of
intellectual. So you are looking at a Primary 2 to a Primary 4 person, that
kid [sic] of level of understanding of abstract concepts of judgements. That
is essentially the level of cognitive functioning and this is essentially a
guide that we usually use, about 9---8 to 10 years old. Mild mental
retardation.

Court: No, I don’t follow you. When you say “8 to 10”, what do you mean? You
look at children of that age or you compare the patient with children of that
age?

Witness: That means that the cognitive---the level of understanding, their
level of judgement is comparable to a person who is about 9 years old. A child
who is about 9 years old. So, essentially, you know, “Oh, do you understand
the concept of peace for a 9-year old? You know, could you---do you understand
the concept of police will catch you, 9-year old? Do you understand the police
of---cannot steal things?” You know, a 9-year old kind of understanding, not
somebody who is 16 years old, somebody who is 20 years old. So it’s, like,
comparable to that level and this will give us a very good understanding of
what kind of functioning we are looking at for a men---mild mental retardation
person. Just like 9-year olds, they can go and buy their own things, they can
take the transport. So it’s about that level, Your Honour.

65 For the reasons given at [52]–[63] above, we preferred Dr Lee’s testimony
to Dr Cai’s wholesale rejection of the concept of mental age, and would apply
mental age as a heuristic tool to evaluate the respondent’s culpability,
bearing in mind its limitations.

66 On that analysis, we considered that there was no evidence to indicate that
the respondent’s mental age should not be taken to be a reasonably accurate
approximation of his cognitive ability at the time of his offences. The
respondent was only 14 at that time. There is no evidence that he had by then
accumulated life experiences and participated in activities which would
suggest that he was in fact more mature than his mental age indicated. We
noted that the respondent’s prior offending conduct might suggest that, to
some degree, he was no babe in the woods. But we did not find this
significant. Several of the offences which the respondent committed before the
aggravated rape and the sexual assault by penetration offences were relatively
minor. Also, consistent with the Judge’s findings (see the GD at [91]–[92]),
the objective evidence suggested that the respondent had simply participated
in those offences under the bad influence of his friends. Indeed, the two
reformative training suitability reports on the respondent identified his
companions as a risk domain in these terms:

Companions: This domain presented with risk.

[The respondent’s] association with his antisocial peers appeared to have
increased his risk of offending. He reported close association with his
neighbourhood friends, some of who [sic] were aged above 30, who had criminal
antecedents and were his accomplices in his past offences. His narrative
highlighted that some of these peers also had sexual offending antecedents of
outrage of modesty and underaged sex. Furthermore, he reported learning about
sexual acts from the sharing of their sexual offences and other sexual
experiences.

67 In all the circumstances, we did not think that the respondent’s mental age
should be disregarded in the way that the mental age of the offenders in
Laxton and Williams was given little weight owing to their life experiences
(including their having held down a job) which showed that they were in fact
more mature than their mental age indicated. The Prosecution in this case
referred to the fact that the respondent was capable of playing with his
friends and helping his mother to distribute flyers, but that is of little
significance because these are things which one might readily expect an
average child of between eight and ten years of age to be capable of doing. We
therefore concluded that it was meaningful to consider that the respondent had
a mental age of between eight and ten at the time of his offences, and we
explain below the effect of this conclusion on our assessment of his
culpability.

The respondent’s ability to control his impulses

68 We turn now to the third and last component of the extent of the
respondent’s intellectual disability, namely, his ability to control his
impulses. The Prosecution accepted that the respondent’s ability to control
his impulses had been impaired by his intellectual disability. There was
therefore no controversy over this factual point. The dispute pertained,
rather, to the proper conclusion to be drawn from such impairment for
sentencing purposes, meaning whether the respondent ought to be incapacitated
through a lengthy term of incarceration because he is, in the Prosecution’s
words, “a sexual predator who is unable to control his urges”, or whether he
ought to be rehabilitated because, in the end, he remains a young offender who
has demonstrated some progress while in remand. We shall explain our views on
this issue later in these grounds. For now, we consider it useful to examine
the evidence of the respondent’s lack of impulse control in order properly to
establish it as a fact, given that it was relevant to our assessment of his
culpability, and because the Judge made only a passing reference to it: see
the GD at [99].

69 The principal piece of evidence of the respondent’s lack of impulse control
was the opinion of Dr Winslow and his colleague, Dr Amita Sarkar, who
conducted a psychological assessment of the respondent and prepared a
corresponding report dated 13 July 2015. The respondent was 14 at the time of
the assessment. In their report, Dr Winslow and Dr Sarkar opined that while
the respondent knew that what he had done to the victim was wrong, his low IQ
and poor adaptive behaviour likely contributed to his impulsive behaviour.
They put it in these terms:

22 If he suffers from any psychiatric condition or any abnormality of mind;

[The respondent] is a young person with limited cognitive and intellectual
abilities. [The respondent’s] IQ & cognitive assessment report as well as his
adaptive behaviours assessment confirm that he is functioning much lower than
his chronological age. In addition he presents with indications of executive
brain function deficits. Executive functions are the skills that an individual
of any age must master to deal with everyday life. Self-monitoring is
particularly important in later childhood and adolescence, because it governs
a person’s ability to evaluate his own behaviour in real time. Individuals
with extremely low cognitive abilities and executive functions deficits
struggle to think ahead, problem solve or plan their actions. They often act
without thinking of possible consequences of their actions.

23 If so, is there a causal link between his psychiatric condition(s) and the
offences committed or if these psychiatric conditions are contributory
factors;

[The respondent’s] low IQ & cognitive functioning as well as evidence of
executive functions deficits are likely to be contributing to his difficulties
of response inhibition and impulsive actions, such as alleged offence. He
seems unable to think of consequences of his behaviours and hence acts without
thinking.

[original emphasis in bold; emphasis added in italics]

70 During the Newton hearing, the Prosecution invited Dr Cai to comment on
this part of Dr Winslow’s and Dr Sarkar’s report. Dr Cai agreed that the
respondent’s low IQ was a contributing factor in relation to his inability
properly to control his impulses to commit criminal acts:

Q … Let’s look at paragraph 23.

...

Dr Winslow opined that:

[Reads] “[The respondent’s] low IQ & cognitive functioning as well as evidence
of executive functions deficits are likely to be contributing to his
difficulties of response inhibition and impulsive actions, such as alleged
offence. He seems unable to think of consequences of his behaviours and hence
acts without thinking.”

Do you have any comment on Dr Winslow’s conclusion over here in paragraph 23?

A Here, he implies a low IQ compromise [the respondent’s] impulse in the
committing of offence. But I would think this should not overlook the
background of conduct disorder in him that make him commit the offence.
Suppose he’s just a low IQ without a criminal thinking or behaviour or
thought, he might not have committed the offence. But the low IQ helps to
lower the---the impulse control and the social judgement in proceeding with
the offence. So it is implied he may not seems [sic] to think of---think of
the consequences of his behaviours and the acts without thinking. But he was
capable in [sic] knowing what he did at the time of the offence.

Q Yes. So to answer the ques---

Khoo: Sorry, just---Your Honour, just one last question before I move on,
before we apply for stand down, Your Honour.

Q Dr Cai, to answer this---can you answer this question? Is there between his
intellectual disability and his---the commission of the offences? Is there a
causal link? What’s the link? Is there any link between his low ID [sic]---

A As I said, the link is because of his conduct disorder, the propensity to
commit offence. And this low IQ would add on to lower the judgement impulse
control in the commission of offence. In this sense, together, it would make
him less able to control from committing offences.

Q I see. Yes.

71 The fact that Dr Cai accepted that the respondent’s low IQ affected his
ability to control his impulses is significant. This is because it is
precisely this kind of causal link between an impairment of the mind and the
commission of criminal offences that the courts have consistently recognised
as attracting mitigating weight: see Public Prosecutor v BDB [2018] 1 SLR 127
at [72]; Public Prosecutor v Chia Kee Chen and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 249
at [112]; Chan Chun Hong v Public Prosecutor [2016] 3 SLR 465 at [73]. An
illustration of this principle at work is the High Court’s decision in Public
Prosecutor v Chong Hou En [2015] 3 SLR 222, which concerned the question
whether voyeurism was a psychiatric disorder, such that the accused’s sentence
of probation was justified for the purposes of promoting his rehabilitation,
or whether he should have been given a sentence of imprisonment to deter him
from reoffending. In explaining the type of disorder that voyeurism had to be
proved to be in order to be of mitigating value, Chan Seng Onn J drew on the
jurisprudence on sentencing theft offenders who suffered from kleptomania, and
held that voyeurism had to be an impulse control disorder in order for it
meaningfully to reduce the accused’s culpability. Chan J put it in this way
(at [33]):

… [I]t is clear that both [Public Prosecutor v Goh Yee Lin [2008] 1 SLR(R) 824
(“Goh Yee Lin”)] (explicitly) and [Lim Hock Hin Kelvin v Public Prosecutor
[1998] 1 SLR(R) 37 (“Kelvin Lim”)] (implicitly) had examined the nature of
kleptomania and paedophilia respectively before deciding on the mitigating
value to be attached to the disorder. Both kleptomania and paedophilia
manifest themselves in the very act criminalised. The High Court in Goh Yee
Lin and the Court of Appeal in Kelvin Lim came to different conclusions on the
nature of kleptomania and paedophilia respectively and thus ascribed differing
mitigating values to each of the mental disorders. The High Court attached
significant mitigating value to the diagnosis of kleptomania because of the
“undeterrability” of the disorder given that it is an impulse control disorder
and the “sufferer may not be fully able to control his or her actions prior to
and while committing the offence”. In the light of this, deterrence was
rendered less effective and rehabilitation formed the primary focus. The Court
of Appeal, on the other hand, attached little or no weight to the disorder of
paedophilia since it rejected any “suggestion that the sufferer cannot help it
and therefore carries only a diminished responsibility for his actions”. The
Court of Appeal further concluded that there was “no evidence that paedophiles
cannot exercise a high degree of responsibility and self-control”. Both the
High Court and the Court of Appeal were focused on the self-control or lack
thereof of the sufferer of the disorder. This to my mind is also the correct
inquiry. … [original emphasis in bold italics; emphasis added in italics]

72 In the present case, the report prepared by Dr Winslow and Dr Sarkar and Dr
Cai’s oral testimony constitute objective evidence that the respondent’s self-
control was impaired by his intellectual disability. While the Prosecution
accepted this, it somewhat surprisingly also submitted that the respondent’s
intellectual disability “was not causally linked to the commission of his
offences”. We rejected this submission because it was contradicted by the
evidence and by the Prosecution’s own concession. In our judgment, there was a
causal link between the respondent’s low IQ and his commission of the
offences, and this attenuated his culpability, as we shall elaborate at [107]
below.

Issue 2: Section 83 of the Penal Code

73 The next broad issue is s 83 of the Penal Code. This provision reads:

Act of a child above 7 and under 12 years of age, who has not sufficient
maturity of understanding

83\. Nothing is an offence which is done by a child above 7 years of age and
under 12, who has not attained sufficient maturity of understanding to judge
of the nature and consequence of his conduct on that occasion.

74 As we have mentioned, although the Judge invited the parties to address the
applicability of s 83 in the course of the Newton hearing below, they declined
to do so, taking the view that the provision did not apply: see [29] above and
the GD at [153]. Revisiting the issue now in response to our queries, the
Prosecution maintained its position below, while the respondent argued that
the word “age” in s 83 ought to include mental age, and that s 83 therefore
applied to him as he had a mental age of between eight and ten at the time of
his offences. We agreed with the Prosecution’s interpretation of s 83, and we
also agreed with the Prosecution that, so construed, s 83 was not
unconstitutional. That said, we also thought that s 83, when considered
together with its neighbouring provisions, shed some light on how a young
offender’s culpability should be analysed as a general matter.

The meaning of “age” in s 83

75 The respondent contended that the word “age” in s 83 should be construed to
include mental age, such that an offender with a mental age of between seven
and 12 would be eligible to rely on the provision even if his chronological
age was above 12. The respondent developed this argument within the three-step
framework for purposive interpretation set out in Attorney-General v Ting
Choon Meng and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 373 (“Ting Choon Meng”) at [59] and
endorsed in later decisions of this court including Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-
General [2017] 2 SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng Bock”) at [37] (in the context of
interpreting the Constitution) and Public Prosecutor v Lam Leng Hung and
others [2018] 1 SLR 659 (“Lam Leng Hung”) at [67] (in the context of
interpreting the Penal Code). This framework requires the court, first, to
ascertain the possible interpretations of the text in question; second, to
ascertain the legislative purpose of the statute; and third, to compare the
possible interpretations of the text against the ascertained legislative
purpose.

76 The respondent submitted, at the first step, that there were two possible
interpretations of the expression “a child above 7 years of age and under 12”
in s 83: first, that it referred to persons whose chronological age was
between seven and 12, as well as persons whose chronological age was above 12
but whose mental age was less than 12; and second, that it referred only to
persons whose chronological age was between seven and 12. The respondent
contended that this ambiguity existed mainly because the Penal Code did not
define the words “age” and “child”, and because adopting the first
interpretation of the expression was not inconsistent with other provisions in
the Penal Code. In our judgment, however, on a proper understanding of the
ordinary meaning of the word “age” in s 83, there was no ambiguity of the kind
suggested by the respondent. Accordingly, there was no need to undertake the
second and third steps of the three-step analysis set out in Ting Choon Meng
in order to determine which of the possible interpretations of the expression
ought to be preferred in the light of the purpose of s 83 and that of the
Penal Code as a whole.

77 As we observed in Tan Cheng Bock, the possible interpretations of a
statutory provision are ascertained by “determining the ordinary meaning of
[its] words” (at [38]). One aspect of the principle that words in a
legislative enactment are to be given their ordinary meaning is that words
mean what they were understood to mean at the time they were adopted by the
Legislature. There is, after all, no other objective basis upon which to
construe the meaning which the framers of the legislation intended the
legislative text to have.

78 Perhaps the clearest recent example of this approach is our decision in Lam
Leng Hung. The question in that case was whether a director of a company was
an “agent” within the meaning of s 409 of the Penal Code, which created the
offence of criminal breach of trust by an agent. We answered the question in
the negative, and one of our reasons for this was that at the time the Penal
Code was adopted, the operative expression in s 409, namely, “in the way of
his business as … an agent”, referred to a person who was engaged in the trade
of being a professional agent, such as a property or insurance agent, as
opposed to simply any person who was regarded by the law as being in a
relationship of agency to another person who would be regarded as his
principal. This was borne out, we found, partly by the kinds of agent which s
409 specifically enumerated, such as bankers, attorneys and factors, and
partly by applying the interpretive maxim that where a general term follows a
number of specific terms of an identifiable class, the general term is to be
construed as if it were qualified by the features of that class. Commenting on
the meaning of the word “factor” in s 409, what was significant to the court
was the ordinary meaning which that word bore at the time the Penal Code was
drafted. We said at [148]:

The crucial point for present purposes is that while the factor originally
occupied “an important but subordinate position as a species of servant”, by
the 18th century the factor “came to assume an independent status, often of
great financial strength, buying and selling on commission on behalf of his
various principals” … ([see Roderick Munday, “A Legal History of the Factor”
(1977) 6 Anglo-Am LR 221] at 259). In the circumstances, we find that there is
little historical basis to support the Prosecution’s submission that a factor
is merely a species of an employee or clerk. On the contrary, the historical
material demonstrates that by the time the Penal Code was drafted, a factor
was regarded as a commercial tradesman engaged in the trade or profession of
dealing with foreign merchants on behalf of his principal, and who
simultaneously also carried out a number of other important financial
functions such as giving advances to his principal and granting credit to
purchasers. [emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

79 In the present case, therefore, to determine the ordinary meaning of the
word “age” in s 83, the court must begin by considering what that word was
understood to mean at the time the Penal Code was adopted, that is, in 1872.
In this regard, it is significant that at that time, the concept of mental age
had not yet been developed or articulated. As we have seen at [55] above,
Alfred Binet came up with this concept only in 1905. Therefore, when the Penal
Code (including s 83) was first enacted, nobody in the Straits Settlements,
including the Legislative Council, would have thought that “age” in s 83
referred to or included mental age. The only other possible meaning of “age”
is “a period of history”, such as in the expressions “the Stone age” or “the
Elizabethan age”. But the context of s 83, which refers to offenders “above 7
years of age and under 12”, shows that this is not a reasonable alternative.
There is therefore no ambiguity in the ordinary meaning of the word “age” in s
83, which must mean chronological age.

80 Be that as it may, since the concept of mental age did not exist at the
time the Penal Code was adopted, it is arguably also not possible to say that
s 83 was not intended to refer to that concept, given that such an intention
could not have been formed at that time in the first place. By way of analogy,
if the question in Lam Leng Hung had been whether a Bitcoin broker was an
“agent” within the meaning of s 409, it would not have sufficed to say that
because Bitcoin brokers did not exist at the time the Penal Code was adopted,
the Legislature could not have intended s 409 to apply to them, and therefore,
they are not caught by s 409. Instead, the court would have had to consider
whether the ordinary meaning and concept of the word “agent” in s 409 at the
time the Penal Code was enacted could logically extend to Bitcoin brokers. And
the court might have concluded, for example, that because a Bitcoin broker is
fundamentally a kind of professional agent, he would be caught by s 409.

81 In short, where the court is considering new phenomena which did not exist
at the time the provision in question was adopted, it must consider whether
the ordinary meaning of the provision at that time can logically extend to the
new phenomena. Here, we considered that the ordinary meaning of the word “age”
in s 83 did not logically extend to the subsequently developed concept of
mental age. The former is fundamentally a measure of time, specifically, the
length of time that a person has lived since birth, whereas the latter is not.
It is instead a measure of a person’s cognitive ability with reference to a
specific mathematical formula: see [50] above. The two concepts are therefore
qualitatively different, and cannot be reduced to a common denominator in the
way, for example, that a Bitcoin broker and a factor might both be regarded as
professional agents for the purposes of s 409. In our judgment, therefore, the
word “age” in s 83 does not include mental age.

82 Other textual elements of s 83 and the Penal Code support this view. First,
s 83 applies to a “child” who is between seven and 12 years of age. It would
be odd if s 83 could be relied upon by a 40-year-old with a mental age of
between seven and 12 because such a person would be an “adult”, and not a
“child”. Second, as the Prosecution observed, the word “age” is used in other
provisions of the Penal Code to refer to chronological age, and adopting that
interpretation of the same word in s 83 would be consistent with the general
presumption that where an expression is used in a statute in different
instances, it should bear the same meaning: see Tan Cheng Bock at [58(c)(i)].
Thus, for example, s 310 states that it is an offence for a woman to cause the
death of her child, “being a child under the age of 12 months”, and s 377D(2)
defines a “minor” as a person “under 21 years of age”. The word “age” in these
provisions clearly refers to chronological age, and barring any
contraindication, “age” in s 83 ought to be interpreted in the same way.

83 The respondent was able to cite one authority, State v Mazid (25 April
2015) (Delhi District Court) (“Mazid”), to support his interpretation of s 83.
In that case, the accused, who had an IQ of 70 and a mental age of ten and a
half years, faced a charge of kidnapping. It is not clear from the judgment
what his chronological age was. The court acquitted him of the charge on the
basis of s 83 of the Indian Penal Code (Act 45 of 1860) (“the IPC”), which is
in pari materia with s 83 of the Penal Code. In particular, the court appeared
to consider that the word “age” in s 83 of the IPC included mental age because
that concept was established by scientific opinion. The court explained its
reasoning in these terms (at [27]–[30] per Dr PS Malik):

27\. There is one more factor in this case and that is the mental age of the
accused was about 10 ½ years. It shows that he possessed only that much of
mental calibre as a child of 10 ½ years usually appears to possess at this
age.

28\. This Court as [sic] already perused, as aforesaid, the language of
Seciton [sic] 83 IPC which specifically lays down that nothing is an offence
which is done by a child above seven years of age and under twelve, who has
not attained sufficient maturity of understanding to judge of the nature and
consequences of his conduct on that occasion.

29\. This factum of the mental age of [the] accused as to have been 10 ½ years
has been completely approved by medical practitioners of a specialist body
i.e. IHBAS and it cannot be doubted in its intention or competence. On this
account also the accused appears to be having no bad intention i.e. mens rea
required to commit the offence of murder of the kidnapped child or kidnapping
of the child as aforesaid.

30\. With these observations, this Court is of the view that there is nothing
on record to show the culpability of the commission of [the] offence as is
charged against the accused. He is accordingly acquitted of the charge framed
against him.

84 We were unpersuaded by this reasoning. No attempt was made in Mazid to
discern the ordinary meaning of the word “age” in s 83 of the IPC. It appears
that the court thought that importing the concept of mental age into the
provision was a salutary idea given the acceptance of the concept by medical
practitioners, and that this was sufficient basis for reading the word “age”
in the provision as including that concept. In our judgment, this did not
reflect a proper approach to the interpretation of legislation, at least not
in this jurisdiction. Therefore, even though Mazid reached a conclusion which
supports the respondent’s view that s 83 includes the concept of mental age,
we gained no assistance from its reasoning as to why s 83 ought to be so
interpreted. In the circumstances, we held that the word “age” in s 83 refers
to chronological age and not mental age.

The constitutionality of s 83

85 On the hypothesis that s 83 did not apply to him, the respondent submitted
that the provision was contrary to Arts 9(1) and 12(1) of the Constitution. We
did not agree.

86 We begin with Art 12(1), which provides: “All persons are equal before the
law and entitled to the equal protection of the law.” The test that is applied
to analyse whether a legislative provision is consistent with an individual’s
right to equal protection under Art 12(1) is known as the “reasonable
classification” test. This test requires that the classification prescribed by
the provision be founded on an intelligible differentia, and that the
differentia bear a rational relation to the object sought to be achieved by
the statute: see Lim Meng Suang and another v Attorney-General and another
appeal and another matter [2015] 1 SLR 26 (“Lim Meng Suang”) at [60]. The
reasonable classification test, generally speaking, is not difficult to
satisfy. As we noted in Lim Meng Suang, “very seldom” [emphasis in original
omitted] would a legislative provision contain differentia that is not
intelligible (at [65]), and there is also no need for a “perfect relation” or
“complete coincidence” [emphasis in original omitted] between the differentia
and the statute’s object in order for there to be a rational relation (at
[68]).

87 In this case, the impugned differentia in s 83 is chronological age.
Specifically, it is the characteristic of being “above 7 years of age and
under 12”, in the words of the provision. The respondent submitted that this
differentia bore no rational relation to the object sought to be achieved by s
83, which, in the respondent’s view, was “to excuse apparent culpability by
taking into account the maturity of the offender”. According to the
respondent, persons of the same chronological age might have different levels
of maturity of understanding, and the differentia of chronological age failed
to take into account those who were mentally challenged, resulting in their
being treated worse than persons who were of similar maturity but who had the
requisite chronological age. Accordingly, s 83 was said to be inconsistent
with Art 12(1).

88 In our judgment, this argument was misconceived. In the first place, we
considered, accepting the Prosecution’s submission, that the purpose of s 83
is broader than that contended by the respondent. It is partly to excuse young
children from criminal liability because they are likely to have very low
culpability for their offending acts in view of their incomplete intellectual
development, and also partly to protect them from the harshness of the
criminal justice system: see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report
(21 February 2000) vol 71 at cols 937–939 (Abdullah Tarmugi, Minister for
Community Development); Stanley Yeo, Criminal Law for the 21st Century: A
Model Code for Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2013) at paras 7.1.2 and 7.1.10.
Bearing this purpose in mind, we considered that a chronological age range of
seven to 12 years is plainly a reasonable criterion for delineating the class
of persons to whom the protection in s 83 should apply. It is a meaningful
proxy for identifying persons who are likely to require that protection
because the younger a person, the less mature he is likely to be. The
criterion is neither perfect nor accurate, but the reasonable classification
test does not require that. Indeed, similar reasoning was employed by this
court in Yong Vui Kong v Public Prosecutor [2015] 2 SLR 1129 (“Yong Vui Kong
(caning)”) to explain why it was not irrational for legislation to preclude
men above fifty from being caned (at [116]):

In our judgment, the use of age as a convenient proxy to screen out those who
are likely to be unfit for caning is plainly reasonable and passes muster
under the second limb of the reasonable classification test. This is because
there is an inverse relationship between one’s age and one’s physical
condition. That this differentia might be over-inclusive (in that some males
over the age of 50 might still be fit for caning) is not fatal, since – as we
have stated earlier – there is no need for a perfect coincidence between the
differentia used and the object sought to be achieved. …

89 Next is Art 9(1), which provides: “No person shall be deprived of his life
or personal liberty save in accordance with law.” The question raised is
whether s 83 counts as “law” within the meaning of Art 9(1). It is well
established that there are two ways of showing that a particular provision is
not law in this sense. The first is to show that it is inconsistent with a
higher law in Singapore and is therefore not law. For example, it has been
argued, unsuccessfully, that legislative provisions establishing caning as a
form of punishment are not “law” under Art 9(1) because they are inconsistent
with a higher law prohibiting torture: see Yong Vui Kong (caning). No argument
of this nature was pursued by the respondent. The second way is to show that
the alleged law is so arbitrary and absurd that it does not constitute “law”
under Art 9(1): see Prabagaran a/l Srivijayan v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR
173 (“Prabagaran”) at [90]; Yong Vui Kong v Public Prosecutor and another
matter [2010] 3 SLR 489 at [16]. In Prabagaran, we observed at [93] that this
involves an inquiry that is “in substance, no different from that under Art
12(1) of the Constitution”. Given our conclusion that s 83 is consistent with
Art 12(1), there was no merit to the respondent’s Art 9(1) challenge against s
83.

90 We were satisfied, therefore, that s 83 is consistent with Arts 9(1) and
12(1).

The relevance to sentencing of s 83 and its neighbouring provisions

91 Although we considered that s 83 did not apply and that, as drafted, it is
consistent with the Constitution, we thought that s 83 and its neighbouring
provisions shed some light, at a general level, on the Legislature’s attitude
towards how the culpability of young offenders should be analysed. The
relevant provisions read as follows:

Act of a child under 7 years of age

82. Nothing is an offence which is done by a child under 7 years of age.

Act of a child above 7 and under 12 years of age, who has not sufficient
maturity of understanding

83. Nothing is an offence which is done by a child above 7 years of age and under 12, who has not attained sufficient maturity of understanding to judge of the nature and consequence of his conduct on that occasion.

Act of a person of unsound mind

84. Nothing is an offence which is done by a person who, at the time of doing it, by reason of unsoundness of mind, is incapable of knowing the nature of the act, or that he is doing what is either wrong or contrary to law. 

92 It seemed to us that these provisions contain a general philosophy that the
younger an offender, the less serious the diminishment of his mental capacity
needs to be in order to provide a defence to his crime and, logically flowing
from this, also to reduce his culpability for sentencing purposes even where
the defence may not be available. Thus, while nothing is an offence which is
done by a child under seven, nothing is an offence which is done by a child
between seven and 12 only if he has not attained sufficient maturity of
understanding to judge the nature and consequence of his offending conduct;
and for everyone else who is above the age of 12, nothing is an offence only
if the offender, at the time of the relevant act, by reason of unsoundness of
mind, is incapable of knowing the nature of the act, or that he is doing what
is either wrong or contrary to law, this being a stricter standard compared to
the previous, and even more so compared to the first. The corollary is that as
a general proposition, the older an offender, the more serious the
diminishment of mental capacity that must be proved in order for him to be
exculpated and, following from this as a matter of logical deduction, also for
his culpability to be reduced for sentencing purposes where the defence is not
available. We illustrate the point with an example: suppose that an offender
is 12 years and a day old. Clearly, the defence in s 83 would not apply. But
it seems to us that it would take quite little, and probably much less than
would be the case if he were 25 years old, to say that his culpability is
significantly diminished if it can be shown that, by reason of his age, he
lacks maturity of understanding.

93 Of course, close attention to the facts of the case remains necessary to
ascertain the degree of a young offender’s culpability. But the point is that
it can be seen even in the substantive criminal law that the Legislature has
contemplated a general correlation between youth and folly; and in our view,
this is further support not only for the appropriateness of using mental age
as a heuristic tool for analysing culpability, but also for both the
imperative reflected in our sentencing jurisprudence that the young should be
given a second chance as well as the sentencing principles which have been
built upon that conviction (which are discussed at [122] below).

Issue 3: The appropriate sentencing framework

94 We turn next to the appropriate framework for sentencing intellectually
disabled young offenders who have been convicted of serious offences. In
brief, we considered that the two-step framework articulated in Al-Ansari
([39] above) for sentencing young offenders for serious offences was suited to
the task, albeit with a minor qualification to a gloss placed on that
framework by the High Court in Boaz Koh ([39] above). To illustrate the need
for this qualification, we consider it useful to begin with some general
observations on the nature of the exercise of sentencing young offenders.

95 That exercise, when serious offences are concerned, may be said to possess
two uncommon features. First, in sentencing a young offender for a serious
offence, the court often has a relatively wide range of sentencing options at
its disposal, and must choose between them. These include probation and
reformative training; any punishment which the offence in question provides
for, whether it be imprisonment, caning, fine or a combination of them; and
also community sentences where appropriate. There is therefore the need in
every such case to reason out which of these qualitatively different
sentencing options is most appropriate. This is unlike the usual case of
sentencing an adult offender, where the task of the sentencing court typically
is to impose an appropriate sentence within the statutorily prescribed range
of punishments. The second uncommon feature is that rehabilitation is presumed
to be the dominant sentencing objective for young offenders unless otherwise
shown: see Public Prosecutor v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice [1998] 3 SLR(R) 439 at
[21]. This is a reflection of: (a) young offenders’ generally lower
culpability due to their immaturity; (b) their enhanced prospects of
rehabilitation; (c) society’s interest in rehabilitating them; and (d) the
recognition that the prison environment may have a corrupting influence on
young offenders, who are more impressionable and susceptible to bad influence
than older offenders: see Sundaresh Menon CJ, “Keynote Address at the
Sentencing Conference 2017” (26 October 2017) at paras 19–21; see also A
Karthik v Public Prosecutor [2018] 5 SLR 1289 (“Karthik”) at [37]–[42].

96 Naturally, the second feature has an effect on the first feature, in the
sense that if rehabilitation is established as the dominant sentencing
objective, then the choice of sentencing option has to be guided by that
objective. The Al-Ansari framework is fundamentally built on a recognition of
this logical relationship. That is why it articulates a two-step framework
under which the court, at the first step, considers whether rehabilitation
ought to be the dominant sentencing objective, and, at the second step,
chooses the appropriate sentencing option in the light of the answer at the
first step. V K Rajah JA put it in this way in Al-Ansari at [77]–[78]:

77 Accordingly, in dealing with sentencing young offenders involved in serious
offences, I propose the following analytical framework. First, the court must
ask itself whether rehabilitation can remain a predominant consideration. If
the offence was particularly heinous or the offender has a long history of
offending, then reform and rehabilitation may not even be possible or
relevant, notwithstanding the youth of the offender. In this case, the
statutorily prescribed punishment (in most cases a term of imprisonment) will
be appropriate.

78 However, if the principle of rehabilitation is considered to be relevant as
a dominant sentencing consideration, the next question is how to give effect
to this. In this respect, with young offenders, the courts may generally
choose between probation and reformative training. The courts have to realise
that each represents a different fulcrum in the balance between rehabilitation
and deterrence. In seeking to achieve the proper balance, the courts could
consider the factors I enumerated above [(at [67])], but must, above all, pay
heed to the conceptual basis for rehabilitation and deterrence.

97 In Boaz Koh, the High Court endorsed this two-stage analysis and, with
reference to the first step, discussed the circumstances in which
rehabilitation might be displaced as the dominant sentencing consideration.
The court observed as follows at [30]:

… [R]ehabilitation is neither singular nor unyielding. The focus on
rehabilitation can be diminished or even eclipsed by such considerations as
deterrence or retribution where the circumstances warrant. Broadly speaking,
this happens in cases where (a) the offence is serious, (b) the harm caused is
severe, (c) the offender is hardened and recalcitrant, or (d) the conditions
do not exist to make rehabilitative sentencing options such as probation or
reformative training viable.

98 In the present case, the Prosecution relied on all four factors, placing
particular emphasis on factor (d), to persuade us that rehabilitation had been
displaced as the dominant sentencing consideration. Specifically, the thrust
of its factual case on appeal, as was its case in the court below, was that
the respondent was too intellectually disabled to undergo reformative
training, which required a certain minimum level of cognitive ability. Given
that the conditions which made reformative training viable did not exist,
rehabilitation, in the Prosecution’s view, could not be the dominant
sentencing consideration.

99 In our judgment, while this argument appeared to be consistent with Boaz
Koh, it was inconsistent with the logic of the two-step framework in Al-Ansari
which we have described above. The question whether it is desirable that an
offender be rehabilitated must be conceptually distinguished from the question
whether he is suitable for reformative training. It is the former, and not the
latter, which determines whether rehabilitation should be the dominant
sentencing consideration in his case. The reason for this is that an
offender’s suitability for reformative training indicates only whether he is
suitable to undergo a specific form of rehabilitation. It does not indicate
whether normatively, he should be rehabilitated, in the sense that it would be
in society’s best interests that rehabilitation be the controlling sentencing
objective. That is the issue at the first step of the Al-Ansari framework. At
that stage, the court is not yet concerned with the operational question of
how rehabilitation ought to be achieved. The court will certainly have to
grapple with that question eventually, but to leap to it directly is to place
the cart before the horse. In short, the existence of practical constraints on
achieving rehabilitation which are external to the offender does not entail
that he should not be rehabilitated. The existence of such constraints
properly influences the process of deciding the appropriate sentencing option,
and not the process of deciding whether rehabilitation should be the dominant
sentencing objective.

100 The consequences of ignoring the distinction mentioned above are
significant. If, for example, rehabilitation is jettisoned as a relevant
sentencing consideration at the first step of the analysis on the basis that
it would be difficult to implement, then when the court considers the
sentencing options at the second stage, some other sentencing consideration,
such as deterrence or incapacitation, would assume dominance, and the court
would resolve to choose a sentencing option which gives effect to that. If,
however, rehabilitation is normatively established as the dominant sentencing
consideration at the first step regardless of the challenges in its
implementation, then the court would be driven to choose a sentencing option
that gives effect to it notwithstanding those challenges. In our judgment,
this is the right approach where it is desirable that the offender be
rehabilitated notwithstanding practical constraints external to him which
present difficulties for the rehabilitative process.

101 On this view, the seeming placement in Boaz Koh of factor (d) at the first
step of the Al-Ansari framework must be clarified. In that case, the High
Court placed factor (d) at the first step to address a particular kind of
case, namely, where the young offender was a foreign national who was not
locally resident. The court gave the example of Long Yan v Public Prosecutor
Magistrate’s Appeal No 9015 of 2015 (16 July 2015) (“Long Yan”), noting that
the young offender in that case “was a foreign national and … had no family in
Singapore”: see Boaz Koh at [33]. Such circumstances give rise to at least two
special considerations. First, the offender may have to be repatriated after
serving his sentence, and if so, there would be no instrumental reason for
rehabilitating him since his leaving the country would already fulfil the
ultimate aim at which his rehabilitation would have been directed, namely, to
protect society from his possible future crimes. Second, existing
rehabilitative options would generally be unworkable. Probation is unlikely to
be feasible because the offender has no kin to supervise his conduct: see
Public Prosecutor v Fernando Payagala Waduge Malitha Kumar [2007] 2 SLR(R) 334
(“Fernando”) at [17]; see also Tan Choon Huat v Public Prosecutor [1991] 1
SLR(R) 863 at [24]. For the same reason, reformative training is unlikely to
be suitable because it likewise involves supervision after incarceration: see
Public Prosecutor v Lai Leng Hwa and another [1991] 2 SLR(R) 214 at [25].
Therefore, where the offender’s circumstances are similar to those of the
offender in Long Yan, it is sensible that rehabilitation will generally not be
a relevant sentencing consideration from the outset. That said, in other
circumstances, rehabilitation may well apply to an offender who is a foreign
national, as the case law has recognised: see Fernando at [17]. All will
depend on the facts of the particular case at hand.

102 In cases which do not involve foreign offenders who are not locally
resident, however, factor (d), in our judgment, properly falls under the
second step of the Al-Ansari framework. That is because the question whether
the conditions exist to make a certain rehabilitative option viable is
fundamentally an operational question of how rehabilitation might be achieved,
which is the question addressed at the second step. In the present case, this
means that even if the Prosecution were right to say that reformative training
as it is currently designed is not suitable for the respondent by reason of
his intellectual disability, this does not mean that rehabilitation has been
displaced as the normative sentencing consideration at the first step of the
Al-Ansari framework. To persuade us of that displacement, the Prosecution must
instead provide positive reasons as to why sentencing considerations other
than rehabilitation are dominant.

Issue 4: Applying the first step of the sentencing framework

103 This leads us to the first step of the Al-Ansari framework. Whether
rehabilitation was displaced as the dominant sentencing consideration in this
case turned principally on the respondent’s state of mind at the time of his
offences. His state of mind at that time made it clear to us that deterrence
was of reduced significance. Although it also indicated that he posed a high
risk of reoffending, his youth and his mental impairment pointed to
rehabilitation, and not incapacitation, as the preferred crime prevention
objective. Retribution was relevant as well, but in a different way, in that
it is an abiding consideration in sentencing that the sentence imposed must be
proportionate to the gravity of the offence. In this case, the gravity of the
respondent’s offences was significantly attenuated by his reduced culpability,
and this was an important consideration at the second step of the Al-Ansari
framework, as will be seen.

The respondent’s state of mind at the material time

104 The respondent’s state of mind at the time of his offences shed light on
his culpability, the kind of offender he is and his risk of reoffending. To
develop a proper view on this issue, we found it useful to distinguish five
concepts that were somewhat loosely employed by both sides, namely:

(a) the knowledge which the respondent had by virtue of the nature of the
offences of aggravated rape and sexual assault by penetration, these being the
offences which were the subject of the charges proceeded with;

(b) the respondent’s intellectual disability;

(c) the causal link between the respondent’s intellectual disability and his
offending acts;

(d) the respondent’s knowledge of the legal rightness or wrongfulness of his
offending acts; and

(e) the respondent’s knowledge of the moral rightness or wrongfulness of his
offending acts.

105 First, the knowledge which the respondent had by virtue of the nature of
the offences of aggravated rape and sexual assault by penetration refers to
knowledge of the kind that an offender must have had when committing these
offences. In this regard, the Prosecution submitted that “[t]he nature of
aggravated rape requires the [r]espondent to know that he penetrated the
[v]ictim’s vagina with his penis without her consent and put her in fear of
hurt while doing so” [emphasis in original], and that “[t]he nature of sexual
assault by penetration requires the [r]espondent to know that he penetrated
the [v]ictim’s vagina with his finger, and a comb, without her consent”
[emphasis in original]. This argument did not seem entirely accurate to us
because these two offences do not “require” the offender to “know” that the
victim did not consent. They require only that he did not believe in good
faith that the victim consented: see Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2
SLR 1015 (“Pram Nair”) at [110]–[111] and s 79 of the Penal Code. But even if
the Prosecution were right in submitting that the knowledge which it referred
to inhered in the nature of these two offences, this too was not helpful
because it did not assist us in differentiating between the different degrees
of culpability of different offenders who commit these offences.

106 Second, the respondent’s intellectual disability concerned the broader
question of his overall intellectual functioning at the time of his offences.
Plainly, this was distinct from any knowledge which he might have had by
virtue of the nature of his offences. As we have seen, the respondent was
assessed to have an IQ of 61, which meant that his cognitive ability was equal
to or better than just 0.5% of his same-aged peers, and he had a mental age of
between eight and ten at the time of his offences: see [49] and [67] above.
Unlike a psychiatric disorder, which may manifest episodically and give the
afflicted person moments of lucidity in between, an intellectual disability is
by nature a permanent condition which affects the person at every moment. On
that basis, the respondent’s intellectual disability was a prima facie reason
to regard his culpability as reduced because, as a general matter, he does not
understand the world around him as well as the average person of his
chronological age. For that reason, it was sensible to consider the respondent
as prima facie belonging to a class of offenders who should be treated less
severely. This also meant that evidence could be produced to show that he
ought not to be regarded as such.

107 Third, the existence of a causal link between the respondent’s
intellectual disability and his offending acts represented a specific means by
which his intellectual disability reduced his culpability, namely, by
affecting his control over his offending impulses. In that sense, the concept
of causal link related to the process by which the respondent’s mens rea was
formed and his willingness to act on his offending impulses. It was for that
reason also distinct from his knowledge of the legal and moral rightness or
wrongfulness of his conduct. This distinction was reflected in Dr Winslow’s
and Dr Sarkar’s opinion that while the respondent knew that what he had done
to the victim was wrong, his low IQ and poor adaptive behaviour likely
contributed to his inability properly to control his criminal impulses: see
[69] above. As we have observed, Dr Cai agreed with this opinion, and the
Prosecution accepted it: see [70]–[72] above.

108 Fourth, the respondent’s knowledge of the legal rightness or wrongfulness
of his actions concerned the specific issue of whether the respondent knew
that the law prohibited his offending acts. This was relevant to assessing his
culpability because while ignorance of the law is not a defence to criminal
liability, it may in certain circumstances suggest that an offender did not
have the intention of breaking the law, and is therefore less culpable. This
is likely to be relevant where the offender’s failure to apprehend the
illegality of the acts in question stems from his lack of mental maturity and
understanding. For this reason, we rejected the Prosecution’s submission that
the respondent’s understanding of the legal rightness or wrongfulness of his
actions was irrelevant for the purposes of assessing his culpability.

109 In this case, there was no evidence that the respondent understood at the
time of his offences that what he had done to the victim was legally wrong.
The Prosecution highlighted the fact that a month before the respondent
committed the aggravated rape and the sexual assault by penetration offences,
he had been arrested for outraging the modesty of a 21-year-old girl by
grabbing her buttocks, and submitted that since he had given a cautioned
statement in respect of that charge, it would have been brought home to him
that touching a girl in a sexual manner without her consent was wrong. We
found it difficult to give weight to this fact. First, at the time of the
aggravated rape and the sexual assault by penetration offences, the respondent
had not been convicted of the outrage of modesty charge. He had simply been
accused of having committed that offence, with no judgment made as to his
guilt. Therefore, it would be unfair to draw the conclusion that he should
have known from his arrest for that offence that he had broken the law on that
occasion, and was again breaking the law when he raped and sexually assaulted
the victim. Second, there is no evidence as to what the respondent registered
from this experience of being arrested. His low IQ might have impeded his
appreciating and remembering that he had been accused of breaking the law.
Accordingly, we found nothing on record to show that the respondent
deliberately broke the law when he raped and sexually assaulted the victim.

110 Fifth, the respondent’s knowledge of the moral rightness or wrongfulness
of his actions concerned the question of whether he knew that his offending
acts were wrong for any reason. Here, the evidence was clear that the
respondent knew that what he had done to the victim was wrong. The question
was the extent of this awareness. Based on the responses which the respondent
gave Dr Lee when the latter asked him about the incident in September 2015,
almost a year after he committed the aggravated rape and the sexual assault by
penetration offences, we did not think he fully appreciated the implications
of his actions on the victim. Dr Lee’s report dated 20 October 2015 stated:

55\. On direct questioning on why he said that he will take out knife, he
replied:

\- “Because I just say any how. I don’t know. For fun”.

56\. On direct questioning if he had previously threatened people before, he
said:

\- “No, I didn’t know about anything. So I think of something and do to her”.

57\. On direct questioning on why he said “I love you baby”, he replied:

\- “I watched video movie”

58\. On direct questioning on the possible result of having sex with the
alleged victim, he said:

\- “Make baby. Become family”.

59\. When asked if he wanted to become a family with the alleged victim, he
replied:

\- “I not sure. If her parents agree, I accept”.

\- “If her parents didn’t want, can’t do anything”.

60\. When asked why he had inserted a comb into the vagina of the alleged
victim, he said:

\- “Comb? I put inside vagina. I was searching from something. I forget what
thing. I suddenly think of something to put inside vagina. I feel very angry,
must poke vagina”.

61\. When questioned further on his act of poking the comb into the vagina, he
said that the girl could feel pain, but he said that he did not want the girl
to feel pain. When asked to provide reason for him inserting the comb, he
said:

\- “I never think, I nothing to do, I don’t know. I find comb, feel angry,
want to poke vagina. Now I regret. I feel sad, I do this thing to girl, now
the girl will never want to marry me or love me”.

\- “I feel sad. I poke girl, she still virgin. I feel sad, I think I this
[sic] to my younger sister, elder sister, then no good”.

\- “That day I feel very bad, put comb in vagina, when I kanna caught I think
back”.

[underlining and emphasis in italics in original]

111 The Prosecution did not challenge these statements. The impression that we
had from reading them was of a person with a distorted, confused but
ultimately simplistic view of sexuality, and of the significance and
heinousness of the sexual abuse that he committed. The respondent was recorded
as having experienced a sense of remorse which arose out of a regret that the
victim would not reciprocate his feelings. Critically, he appeared not to have
even begun to understand the depravity of his conduct, the degradation and
trauma suffered by the victim, and the consequences for the both of them.
Unsurprisingly, Dr Lee concluded in his report that the respondent knew that
his actions were wrong, but “did not appreciate the legal wrongfulness of his
act[s] because of his mental retardation (defect in the mind) and lack of
appropriate prior instructions concerning consensual sex”.

112 Against this lay the Prosecution’s suggestion that the respondent appeared
to know enough about the wrongfulness of his actions to the extent that he
“elected to stalk [the victim] for 15 whole minutes until they were alone in a
secluded corner”, accosted her in the absence of witnesses, and fled the scene
after committing the offences. While this might be true, it did not tell us
anything about what the respondent thought was wrong about his actions. By
contrast, Dr Lee testified that the respondent’s sense of right and wrong came
from a fear of his mother, and the Prosecution did not challenge this
testimony. In our judgment, the fact that the respondent regarded the
wrongfulness of his actions as arising from the fact that he had disobeyed his
mother, and not from the nature of his conduct, was yet another sign of how
inadequately he appreciated the true meaning and implications of what he had
done, and this in turn diminished his culpability.

113 To conclude, we thought that it was evident that the respondent’s
cognitive ability was extremely low, and that this significantly reduced his
culpability. His intellectual disability compromised his ability to control
his impulses. He also manifested a limited understanding of the nature and
consequence of his actions. A reasonable person would be able to appreciate
that aggravated rape and sexual assault by penetration are serious offences
involving a profound violation of the victim’s dignity, privacy and bodily
integrity, and result in both immediate distress and long-term trauma. But, as
we have seen, the respondent did not understand that what he had done was of
this nature and consequence: see [110]–[112] above. Likely contributing to his
inability to judge the nature and consequence of his actions was his ignorance
of their illegality and his simplistic view of their moral wrongfulness. In
the circumstances, we considered that his culpability for his offences was
substantially reduced. Coupled with his youth, this placed the focus on
rehabilitation as the dominant sentencing objective.

Deterrence

114 In that light, we turn to explain why we did not think that rehabilitation
was displaced by any other sentencing objective as the dominant sentencing
objective, beginning with deterrence.

115 In our judgment, the extent of the respondent’s intellectual disability
significantly reduced the importance of both general and specific deterrence
in this case. As we observed in Soh Meiyun v Public Prosecutor [2014] 3 SLR
299 at [43], general deterrence is premised on the cognitive normalcy of both
the offender in question and the potential offenders sought to be deterred:
see also Public Prosecutor v Kong Peng Yee [2018] 2 SLR 295 (“Kong Peng Yee”)
at [69]. Thus, the precise weight to be accorded to general deterrence would
depend on, among other things, the causal link between the offender’s
intellectual disability and the offence: see Kong Peng Yee at [70]. Specific
deterrence assumes that the offender can weigh the consequences before
committing an offence. It is therefore unlikely to be effective when the
offender’s ability fully to appreciate the nature and quality of his actions
is reduced: see Kong Peng Yee at [72]. As we have seen, the respondent is not
cognitively normal, and did not fully understand the gravity of his offending
conduct. Deterrence in both forms must therefore carry minimal weight here.

116 This view is supported by the decision of the High Court of Australia in
Muldrock v The Queen (2011) 244 CLR 120 (“Muldrock”). The appellant in that
case, a 30-year-old man with a mild intellectual disability, pleaded guilty to
an offence of sexual intercourse with a boy aged under ten. He had befriended
the boy, and had taken advantage of an opportunity when the two were alone
swimming to fellate the boy. He was sentenced by the New South Wales District
Court, which found him to be “significantly intellectually disabled” (at
[10]), to nine years’ imprisonment for his offence, with a non-parole period
of 96 days. The New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal allowed the
Prosecution’s appeal against the sentence by increasing the non-parole period
to six years and eight months. The appellant appealed to the High Court of
Australia, arguing that the New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal had
wrongly rejected the New South Wales District Court’s finding that he was
intellectually disabled, and as a result, had failed to give that proper
weight.

117 The evidence showed that the appellant had been sexually abused as a
child, and that his intellectual disability was the cause of his difficulty in
managing his impulses and controlling his actions (at [39]–[40]). He had an IQ
of 62, and functioned at a level lower than 99% of the population. His
receptive and expressive language was equivalent to that of a child aged five
and a half years, and he functioned in the lowest 0.1% of the population in
terms of his adaptive behaviour (at [42]). A psychologist who assessed him
considered that he would benefit from a programme designed for a sex offender
with an intellectual disability (at [44]). She suggested that he needed to
learn practical skills for dealing with situations in which he was near
children, and that he needed a comprehensive programme to address the areas of
deficit in his adaptive behaviour (at [44]).

118 The High Court of Australia allowed the appellant’s appeal, holding that
the original sentence of nine years’ imprisonment was manifestly excessive. It
restored the New South Wales District Court’s finding that the appellant had a
significant intellectual disability, and remitted the case back to the New
South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal for the appellant to be sentenced with
proper weight given to his intellectual disability. In this regard, the court
opined that the assessment that the appellant suffered from a “mild
intellectual disability” should not obscure the fact that he was mentally
retarded because, in the scientific literature, “significantly subaverage
intellectual function” was defined as an IQ of about 70 or below (at [50]).
The court then set out the principles for sentencing intellectually disabled
offenders, and applied them as follows (at [53]–[55]):

53 … One purpose of sentencing is to deter others who might be minded to
offend as the offender has done. Young CJ, in a passage that has been
frequently cited, said this [(R v Mooney (unreported, Court of Criminal Appeal
(Vic), 21 June 1978) at 5)]:

“General deterrence should often be given very little weight in the case of an
offender suffering from a mental disorder or abnormality because such an
offender is not an appropriate medium for making an example to others.”

In the same case, Lush J explained the reason for the principle in this way
[(at 8)]:

“[The] significance [of general deterrence] in a particular case will,
however, at least usually be related to the kindred concept of retribution or
punishment in which is involved an element of instinctive appreciation of the
appropriateness of the sentence to the case. A sentence imposed with
deterrence in view will not be acceptable if its retributive effect on the
offender is felt to be inappropriate to his situation and to the needs of the
community.”

54 The principle is well recognised. It applies in sentencing offenders
suffering from mental illness, and those with an intellectual handicap. A
question will often arise as to the causal relation, if any, between an
offender’s mental illness and the commission of the offence. Such a question
is less likely to arise in sentencing a mentally retarded offender because the
lack of capacity to reason, as an ordinary person might, as to the
wrongfulness of the conduct will, in most cases, substantially lessen the
offender’s moral culpability for the offence. The retributive effect and
denunciatory aspect of a sentence that is appropriate to a person of ordinary
capacity will often be inappropriate to the situation of a mentally retarded
offender and to the needs of the community.

55 In this case, there was unchallenged evidence of the causal relation
between the appellant’s retardation and his offending in the reports of Dr
Muir and Ms Daniels. The fact that the appellant possessed the superficial
understanding of a mentally retarded adult that it was wrong to engage in
sexual contact with a child and that he told childish lies in the hope of
shifting the blame from himself were not reasons to assess his criminality as
significant, much less to use him as a medium by which to deter others from
offending.

[emphasis added]

119 Similarly, in this case, the respondent’s state of mind made him quite
unsuitable, in our judgment, to be used as a medium by which to deter others
from offending. His inability to appreciate the full significance of what he
had done also made it difficult for us to give any weight to specific
deterrence.

Incapacitation

120 We turn next to the sentencing objective of incapacitation. The
Prosecution’s case on appeal was based largely on persuading us that
prevention, in the form of incapacitation, was more important than
rehabilitation in this case. The Prosecution emphasised that we had to be
mindful of the need to protect the public. It pointed to the respondent’s
inability to control his offending impulses and his slowness to reform due to
his intellectual disability, arguing that these factors indicated that he
presented a high risk of recidivism. During oral argument, the Prosecution
furthered this submission by repeatedly emphasising that the court was
fundamentally engaged in a “risk assessment” exercise. In this regard, the
Prosecution posed the question: “What is the risk appetite that the court
has?”, and implored us to be guided by the need to choose the “less risky
option”.

121 In our judgment, this was the wrong approach. By framing the issue as one
which involved fundamentally a risk assessment exercise, the Prosecution made
two errors of principle. First, it failed to have regard to the fact that the
respondent is a young offender for whom rehabilitation is, as a matter of
principle, the dominant sentencing consideration by default. In this regard,
the Prosecution failed to grapple with the issue of principle as to how, if at
all, the existence of the “risk” which it was fixated upon justified
incapacitation over rehabilitation as the appropriate crime prevention
objective. As we shall explain, incapacitation generally does not trump
rehabilitation where young offenders are concerned. Second, the Prosecution’s
approach failed to have regard to the need for proportionate sentencing. We
address this in the next section of these grounds.

122 In Karthik ([95] above), the High Court explained that there were two
primary reasons why young offenders should be sentenced on the basis of
rehabilitation being the dominant sentencing consideration (at [37]). The
first is that a young offender should be given a second chance because of his
youthful folly and inexperience. This reason is retrospective in nature, being
based on the offender’s age at the time of the offence (at [37(a)]). The
second is that rehabilitation is the preferred tool for discouraging young
offenders from future offending because such offenders are, by reason of their
youth, more amenable to reform, and society would benefit considerably from
their rehabilitation. Further, young offenders are unduly affected compared to
adult offenders when they are exposed to typical punitive sentencing options
such as imprisonment. This second reason is prospective in nature, being based
on the offender’s age at the time of sentencing (at [37(b)]).

123 In this case, the Prosecution’s emphasis on the need to manage the
respondent’s risk of reoffending did little to engage the above concerns. In
particular, it did not explain why the respondent ought not to be given a
second chance in view of his youthful folly. We reiterate that the respondent
was only 14 at the time of his offences, and had a mental age of between eight
and ten then. The retrospective reason for rehabilitation therefore applied in
this case, indeed, with particular force. The Prosecution also failed to
address the possibility that incapacitating the respondent as a method of
managing his risk of reoffending might turn out to be counterproductive, both
for the respondent and for society. After all, the respondent was not even 18
at the time of sentencing, and thus, there was no reason why the prospective
rationale for rehabilitation should not apply as well. Yet, before us, the
Prosecution failed, just as it did before the Judge, to address that concern,
which was eloquently expressed by the Judge as follows (see the GD at [101]):

… [T]he pivotal question that remained unanswered was what conclusion should
be drawn from the premise that the Accused’s risk of recidivism was
significant? In this regard, I did not agree with the Prosecution that a long
period of incarceration would necessarily be the panacea to the risk of
recidivism. Indeed, with respect, the submission that incarceration would
protect the public appeared to me to be short-sighted on the facts of this
case. At the time of sentencing, the Accused was 17 years of age. Even
discounting remission and backdating, and even if the Accused was sentenced to
18 years’ imprisonment which was the highest end of the Prosecution’s
sentencing position, what would become of the Accused and of those around him
when he is subsequently released in his early thirties? Would society be
better protected when the Accused is released from incarceration, stronger and
bigger, but lacking insight into the consequences that his choices and conduct
carry?

124 We agreed with these observations, and were therefore not persuaded that
incapacitation had displaced rehabilitation as the appropriate crime
prevention sentencing objective in this case.

125 Potentially inconsistent with the approach set out above is the High
Court’s decision in Iskandar bin Muhamad Nordin v Public Prosecutor [2006] 1
SLR(R) 265 (“Iskandar”). The accused in that case was an 18-year-old male with
an IQ of 58. He pleaded guilty to a charge of outrage of modesty under s 354
of the Penal Code for grabbing a stranger’s breast. The district judge
sentenced him to nine months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane, and
he appealed. The High Court held that the weight to be attached to the
accused’s intellectual disability depended on the particular circumstances of
the case (at [9] and [14]). On the facts, Yong Pung How CJ considered that it
did not attract mitigating weight because, in his view, it “did not impair
[the accused’s] ability to gain insight into his actions as well as the
consequences of those actions” (at [18]). Yong CJ dismissed the appeal and
increased the accused’s sentence to 24 months’ imprisonment and nine strokes
of the cane on the basis that “[his] unrepentant and aberrant behaviour showed
that he posed a real danger to the community”, and that “[a] longer term of
imprisonment would represent a longer period of protection for society from
his depredations” (at [22]).

126 While we agreed that the significance of an offender’s intellectual
disability to the sentencing exercise would depend on the facts of the case,
we were troubled that even though the accused in Iskandar was only 18, and
therefore, a young offender, the court considered incapacitation as being on
an equal, if not greater, footing than rehabilitation. We did not think that
this was right, even in the light of the accused’s antecedents, which
comprised two prior convictions for theft, resulting in two weeks’ and six
weeks’ imprisonment respectively. With a young offender, rehabilitation should
be preferred to incapacitation as the applicable crime prevention sentencing
objective. If the intention in Iskandar had been to incarcerate the accused
for a period of two years, it might have been better to sentence him to
reformative training.

127 In any case, as we indicated to the Prosecution during oral argument, the
prevention of crime could not be pursued at any cost. Important to the
calibration of the proper sentence for this purpose is the sentencing
objective of retribution and its quantitative proxy, proportionality, to which
we shall now turn. We shall consider this in some detail because, in our
judgment, it was crucial to articulate an applicable method of analysing
proportionality in order properly to assess the suitability of the vastly
disparate proposed sentences in this case.

Retribution

128 The principle of retribution holds that the punishment imposed should
reflect the degree of harm that has been occasioned by the offence and the
offender’s culpability in committing it: see Public Prosecutor v Loqmanul
Hakim bin Buang [2007] 4 SLR(R) 753 at [46]. Harm is generally measured by
looking at the consequences of the offence, for example, the degree of trauma
and degradation suffered by the victim in this case. Culpability, on the other
hand, is generally assessed by looking at the offender’s state of mind when he
committed the offence, for example, whether he committed the offence with
premeditation, out of rashness or under an afflicted mind.

129 The essence of the concept of retribution is the relationship between
criminal punishment and the past crime for which it is imposed, rather than
any contingent future benefits or objectives which such punishment might bring
about or help to secure: see R A Duff, “Retrieving Retributivism” in Mark D
White, Retributivism: Essays on Theory and Policy (Oxford University Press
2011) ch 1 at p 3. Retribution justifies punishment by reference to the
rightness alone of punishment as an institution, and not by the beneficial
consequences which that institution is thought to generate, such as the
prevention of harm to society through the rehabilitation or incapacitation of
the offender, or the deterring of future offending. It is not the task of the
sentencing court to reconcile at a philosophical level divergent theories of
punishment, and in any event, it has been recognised that “any morally
tolerable account of [the institution of criminal punishment] must exhibit it
as a compromise between distinct and partly conflicting principles”: see H L A
Hart, “Prolegomenon to the Principles of Punishment” in Punishment and
Responsibility ([1] above) ch 1 at p 1. It is, however, the court’s task to
reason within that compromise by giving effect to each of the classical
sentencing objectives under a coherent and rational framework, and in a manner
sensitive to the facts of each case.

130 Critical to that task, in our judgment, is a proper appreciation of how
each sentencing objective features in the criminal process and, consequently,
in the reasoning process of the sentencing court. Sentencing objectives that
focus on the outcomes or consequences for the offender, namely, deterrence,
incapacitation and rehabilitation, are associated with guiding the court
towards a sentence which achieves the outcome that is regarded as the most
desirable on the facts of the case at hand. When one outcome is, for some
reason, preferred to the others, that outcome is commonly called the dominant
sentencing consideration, and often, there is a dispute over which outcome
befits that label. By contrast, retribution is an objective that exerts a much
broader influence on the criminal process: the general requirement that both
mens rea and actus reus must be present, the phenomenon that only the offender
is punished for his crime, and the principle that his punishment should be
proportionate to his crime are all retributive ideas. Together, they ensure
that the criminal sanction which is imposed is an appropriate response in
terms of expressing society’s denunciation of the offence.

131 Retribution does not easily lend itself to being treated as a dominant
sentencing objective. It requires that the sentence imposed be commensurate
with the offender’s culpability and the harm that he has caused. Certainly, on
this metric, the greater the degree of either, the more severe the punishment
should be. Where less severe punishment is imposed because the degree of
culpability and harm is small, retribution does not lose its significance. It
simply operates to justify the less severe sentence. In this sense,
retribution is generally an abiding objective during sentencing. An example of
this phenomenon is the fact that judge-made sentencing frameworks for a
variety of statutory offences take the common form of a harm-culpability
matrix which embeds in a fundamental way retributive thinking in the
sentencing exercise: see, for example, Poh Boon Kiat v Public Prosecutor
[2014] 4 SLR 892 at [77]–[78] (vice offences under the Women’s Charter (Cap
353, 2009 Rev Ed)); Public Prosecutor v Tan Thian Earn [2016] 3 SLR 269 at
[28] (possessing a controlled substance useful for the manufacture of
methamphetamine under s 10A(1)(c) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008
Rev Ed)); Public Prosecutor v Lim Yee Hua and another appeal [2018] 3 SLR 1106
at [27] (voluntarily causing hurt under s 323 of the Penal Code in the context
of “road rage” cases); Public Prosecutor v Yeo Ek Boon Jeffrey and another
matter [2018] 3 SLR 1080 at [59] (voluntarily causing hurt to a public servant
under s 332 of the Penal Code).

132 That said, it is possible for retribution to be “displaced” as a
sentencing consideration to some degree where the court is satisfied that the
punishment should not correspond completely to the offender’s culpability and
the harm that he has caused. For example, a sentence potentially less severe
than what the offender deserves may be imposed because of his strong
rehabilitative prospects. That is why probation is a sentencing option for
young offenders and offenders who have committed offences whose relative lack
of seriousness is reflected through the absence of a sentence fixed by law:
see s 5(1) of the Probation of Offenders Act (Cap 252, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the
POA”). On the other hand, a sentence potentially more severe than what the
offender deserves may be imposed to protect the public. An example of this is
Kong Peng Yee ([115] above), where the offender was convicted of culpable
homicide not amounting to murder for killing his wife during a psychiatric
episode (which the evidence showed was unlikely to recur). We allowed the
Prosecution’s appeal against the two-year imprisonment sentence imposed by the
High Court, and imposed a longer sentence of six years’ imprisonment instead,
“not to punish him but to try to achieve the twin objectives of rehabilitation
and prevention (resulting in the protection of others) in the best way
possible” [emphasis added] (at [96]).

133 Part of the reason why retribution may be “displaced” in this way is
because it is hard to say with absolute quantitative precision what an
offender deserves for his crime. That is why, where a sentencing framework is
in play, the general practice is that the court first identifies the
appropriate sentencing range on the basis of the harm caused and the
offender’s culpability, and then, having regard to other sentencing factors,
including outcome-focused sentencing objectives, chooses the appropriate
sentence within that range. The range operates as a margin of reasonableness
which ensures that the eventual sentence imposed remains broadly proportionate
to the crime. However, in a case such as Kong Peng Yee where outcome-focused
sentencing objectives are particularly compelling, we think it is critical
also to apply with special rigour the totality principle enunciated in Mohamed
Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“Shouffee”). As was
said in Shouffee at [47], this principle is “a manifestation of the
requirement of proportionality that runs through the gamut of sentencing
decisions”. Two of its requirements are that: (a) the aggregate sentence
generally should not be substantially above the normal level of sentences for
the most serious of the individual offences committed; and (b) the aggregate
sentence must not be crushing or out of step with the offender’s past record
and future prospects: see Shouffee at [54] and [57]. In our judgment, it is
these principles, coupled with a careful application of the relevant
sentencing framework, that enables the court in each case to strike the proper
balance between retributive and outcome-focused sentencing considerations, and
to say that all things considered, “the punishment fits the crime”: see Public
Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing [2008] 2 SLR(R) 684 at [42]. And it was in this
light that we assessed the aggregate sentence sought in this case, as we shall
elaborate below. With this in mind, we turn now to the second step of the Al-
Ansari analysis, namely, the determination of the appropriate sentencing
option in view of our finding, at the first step of the analysis, that
rehabilitation was the dominant sentencing consideration.

Issue 5: Applying the second step of the sentencing framework

134 There were three sentencing options available in law for the respondent:
first, a probation order; second, reformative training; and third,
imprisonment with caning. Under the third option, the court would have to
sentence the respondent to more than eight years’ imprisonment and at least 12
strokes of the cane. This is because aggravated rape carries a mandatory
minimum sentence of eight years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane under
s 375(3)(a) of the Penal Code; and pursuant to s 307(1) of the CPC, as the
respondent was convicted at one trial of three distinct offences, the court
was obliged to order the sentences for at least two of the offences to run
consecutively. Below, we explain, firstly, why we considered that
rehabilitation, being the dominant sentencing objective, entailed that
reformative training was the only justifiable sentence in principle, and,
secondly, why the Prosecution’s proposed sentence of between 15 and 18 years’
imprisonment and at least 15 strokes of the cane was disproportionate and thus
unjustified.

The sentencing options available

Probation

135 Not even the respondent asked the court to make a probation order, and for
good reason. Probation would not sufficiently recognise the seriousness of the
respondent’s offences: see Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Nuzaihan bin Kamal
Luddin [1999] 3 SLR(R) 653 at [16]. Nor would it sufficiently recognise that
the respondent continues to pose a threat to society because of his high risk
of recidivism. Probation would do little to provide the structured environment
which is necessary for that risk to be managed and treated with the assurance
that it will not manifest itself in antisocial or otherwise harmful behaviour
towards others during the period of rehabilitation. To the extent that a
probation order may contain a residence requirement (see s 5(3)(a) of the
POA), s 5(3A) of the POA states that the period of residence in an approved
institution (as defined in s 2 of the POA) cannot extend beyond 12 months from
the date of the order, which, on any estimation, is clearly too short a period
in this case. Therefore, the Judge correctly considered probation to be
inappropriate: see the GD at [34].

Imprisonment with caning

136 Next, we considered that imprisonment with caning was also precluded as a
matter of principle because it was not an option which gave primary effect to
rehabilitation as a sentencing consideration. On this point, we agreed with
the Judge: see the GD at [136]. As to imprisonment, it has been “readily
acknowledge[d] that a term of standard imprisonment cannot be said to place
the principle of rehabilitation as a dominant sentencing consideration”: see
Al-Ansari at [65]. And as to caning, it is well established that it is imposed
as a deterrent punishment: see Amin bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5
SLR 904 at [62]. Deterrence had a minimal role to play in this case, and
retribution required the sentence imposed to be constrained within
proportionate bounds.

137 The Prosecution submitted that a lengthy imprisonment sentence with caning
was the “best option” for “both the [r]espondent and society at large”. In
addition to its incapacitating effect, such a sentence, the Prosecution
argued, would give the authorities more time to rehabilitate the respondent.
In this regard, the Prosecution relied on the testimony of Mr Ong Pee Eng (see
[23] above) that the SPS was able to provide adequate care for intellectually
disabled offenders by adjusting their method of instruction and arranging
appropriate cell mates for them. In addition, Mr Ong testified that the SPS
was committed to rehabilitating the respondent, and would be prepared to
arrange for him to be taught on a one-to-one basis and given individualised
general psychological intervention. The Prosecution added that the respondent
would be able to continue his rehabilitation under the Conditional Remission
System upon his release, or could be placed on the Mandatory Aftercare Scheme
to facilitate his reintegration into society.

138 We were not persuaded by these arguments. If it was accepted that in
sentencing the respondent, deterrence was not applicable because of his
circumstances, and incapacitation was outweighed by rehabilitation for the
same reason, then it would be wrong in principle to require the respondent to
suffer a sentence which furthered objectives that had no rational application
to him in this case.

139 The Prosecution also did not address the Judge’s observation that although
the SPS is able to provide customised rehabilitative treatment for the
respondent, no arguments were advanced to explain why he could not receive the
same in the context of reformative training. Both regimes are run by the SPS.
The Prosecution came close to addressing this point when it submitted that
even if customised rehabilitative treatment were provided, reformative
training would still be carried out using the same content as that designed
for people of normal intelligence; and because group-learning would be
difficult for the respondent, reformative training “can only use an incomplete
syllabus to educate him” [emphasis in original omitted]. The Prosecution
distinguished the case of Mohammad Fadlee, an example which Mr Ng himself
cited and which the Judge regarded as showing that “suitable modifications”
could be made to adjust reformative training for intellectually disabled
offenders (see [23(d)] above), on the basis that the offender in that case had
a “substantially higher” [emphasis in original omitted] level of intellect (an
IQ of 70–79), and was assessed to be mentally fit for reformative training.

140 We found these submissions difficult to accept. The court’s task in this
case was not to attempt to identify the best form of rehabilitation for the
respondent from a therapeutic perspective. It was clear from the evidence of
both Dr Cai and Dr Lee that the best form of rehabilitative treatment which
the respondent could receive was specialised treatment catering to his
intellectual disability in a mental facility. The court could only take as its
starting point the fact that such specialised treatment unfortunately cannot
be provided in existing state-run rehabilitation facilities, and had to decide
how, within those parameters, the respondent might best be rehabilitated,
given that rehabilitation was the dominant sentencing consideration in this
case. The fact that customised measures would be imperfect was only to be
expected, and did not lead to the conclusion that no such measures were worth
pursuing if they were the only option which the court had that was supported
by principle.

141 In that respect, the Prosecution, in our view, missed the point when it
submitted that it was not proper for the SPS to be “compelled” to customise
programmes for offenders like the respondent because this would be a policy
decision for the Executive, and not the Judiciary. All that the Judge was
doing was to discern the limits of what can be provided during reformative
training in order to decide whether the applicable sentencing considerations
in this case could be adequately given effect through such a sentence. And
that, in our judgment, was an entirely appropriate exercise, not only for the
Judge, but also for this court.

142 Finally, the Prosecution submitted that the Judge erred in being concerned
not to expose the respondent to the corrupting influence of the prison
environment because the respondent had already been keeping bad company and
abusive habits, and therefore, “[w]hatever the perils of prison, it is clear
that the [r]espondent already has no shortage of such ‘corrupting influence’
in his environment out of prison”. We did not hesitate to reject this
argument. If one were genuinely concerned to reduce the respondent’s risk of
recidivism, then surely, the conscionable approach would be to protect him
from further corrupting influence, and not to tolerate his further exposure to
it – indeed, for 15 to 18 years – on the supposition that he has already been
somewhat exposed to it.

Reformative training

143 The Prosecution submitted that reformative training was unsuitable because
it was designed “solely” to rehabilitate offenders of normal intelligence as
its curriculum was based on cognitive behavioural theory. The Prosecution
relied on Dr Rajesh’s opinion that the respondent’s low verbal comprehension
ability would prevent him from participating in group learning exercises, and
that his weak working memory suggested that he would find it difficult to use
the information from the reformative training programme to avoid further
criminal behaviour. The Prosecution also relied on the concurring views of Mr
Soh Tee Peng William (see [23] above) and Dr Cai, both of whom were
pessimistic about the respondent’s prospects of rehabilitation through
reformative training.

144 We did not agree. We did not accept that rehabilitation in a reformative
training centre would not work for the respondent. There is no justification
in the CPC as to why a suitable programme should not exist for an offender
like him. If there were a need for any law reform in this regard, then that
would be a matter for the Legislature. Moreover, although the respondent has
an intellectual disability, the evidence suggested that he is not wholly
devoid of cognition, and is capable of reasoning at a very basic level. That,
combined with the progress he is recorded to have made at the Singapore Boys’
Home, showed that he has some capacity for rehabilitation which could not be
ignored in determining whether he should be sent for reformative training: see
the GD at [172]–[173].

145 We also made two observations on the Prosecution’s submission that
reformative training as it is currently designed would not be effective, given
that the respondent lacked the ability to understand what had caused him to
commit his offences or to understand what he needed to do in order to help
prevent a recurrence of his offending conduct. First, this submission
emphasised precisely why the respondent’s culpability should be viewed as
significantly diminished in the circumstances. Second, it highlighted the
potential injustice and inequality that would arise if the benefits of
reformative training were to be denied to intellectually disabled offenders
when it seems that they have particular need for such training. There was
force in the respondent’s argument that if a decision not to impose
reformative training were made on the basis that his intellectual disability
rendered him unsuitable for it, this might be seen as excluding an entire
class of persons – the intellectually disabled – from benefiting from
reformative training. This much was recognised by the Judge too: see the GD at
[154]. And, in our judgment, it was no answer to that objection for the
Prosecution to say, as it did, that even if the respondent did not have an
intellectual disability, it would have sought the same sentence. If the
respondent did not have that disability, it seems inevitable that the analysis
of his culpability would have been entirely different, as would likely have
been the relevance of other sentencing objectives such as deterrence.

Proportionality

146 Having explained why we concluded that reformative training was the only
sentencing option that could be justified as a matter of principle, we turn
now to complete the analysis by explaining why we considered that the quantum
of the sentence proposed by the Prosecution would, in any event, have been
disproportionate.

147 The Prosecution’s position was that a sentence of between 15 and 18 years’
imprisonment and at least 15 strokes of the cane should be imposed on the
respondent. The Prosecution submitted that his offence of aggravated rape fell
under Band 2 of the sentencing framework set out in Ng Kean Meng Terence v
Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”) for rape offences. Band 2 of
that framework prescribes an indicative sentencing range of 13 to 17 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane: see Terence Ng at [47(b)]. The
Prosecution also submitted that the respondent’s two offences of sexual
assault by penetration fell under Band 2 of the sentencing framework set out
in Pram Nair ([105] above) for that offence. Band 2 of that framework
prescribes an indicative sentencing range of ten to 15 years’ imprisonment and
eight strokes of the cane: see Pram Nair at [159(b)]. In view of the totality
principle, the Prosecution proposed the global sentence mentioned above.

148 In our judgment, the Prosecution’s position failed to account for the fact
that the respondent’s culpability was substantially reduced because of the
extent of his intellectual disability. The respondent has an intellectual
disability which diminished his ability to control his impulses; there is no
evidence that he knew he was breaking the law at the time of his offences; and
his understanding of the wrongfulness of his conduct was distorted and
simplistic: see [106]–[113] above.

149 The Terence Ng framework, in our judgment, was not crafted with this sort
of offender in mind; nor was the Pram Nair framework. This is evident from the
reasoning of the court in both cases. In Terence Ng, the offender-specific
mitigating factors were contemplated to justify a reduction only within an
indicative sentencing band, and they were said to include remorse, youth and
advanced age. The court did not consider how an offender with exceptionally
reduced culpability because of cognitive impairment would fit within that
framework. Nor did we do so in Pram Nair, where we adapted the Terence Ng
framework to the offence of sexual assault by penetration. It seems to us that
even if Terence Ng or Pram Nair could be extrapolated to an offender with the
respondent’s mental characteristics, the starting point would be a sentence
below Band 1 of either framework.

150 For this reason, we also considered that the sentence sought by the
Prosecution would have violated both limbs of the totality principle. As to
the first limb of this principle, the most serious offence in this case is the
offence of aggravated rape. A sentence below Band 1 of the Terence Ng
framework for this offence would have been a sentence of between eight and ten
years’ imprisonment, eight years being the mandatory minimum imprisonment
term, and at least 12 strokes of the cane (see s 375(3) of the Penal Code),
and this would have been the normal range of sentences for the offence: see
Haliffie bin Mamat v Public Prosecutor and other appeals [2016] 5 SLR 636 at
[79]. This range is considerably lower than the aggregate sentence of between
15 and 18 years’ imprisonment and at least 15 strokes of the cane suggested by
the Prosecution, indicating that the latter was disproportionate. In our
judgment, the Prosecution’s proposed sentence would also have been crushing on
the respondent and not in keeping with his past record and future prospects
under the second limb of the totality principle. Specifically, such a sentence
would have been a dramatic leap from any punishment which he had ever received
for his early juvenile offending, and we have no reason to believe that it
would result in his rehabilitation, as we have noted at [123]–[124] above.

151 But we did not only find the Prosecution’s proposed sentence
disproportionate. We considered also, and perhaps more importantly, that
reformative training was a proportionate sentence in this case, having regard
to the sentences imposed for offences committed in similar circumstances. For
the purposes of this comparison, there did not appear to be any local case
involving facts similar to those in this case, so we found guidance from a
number of foreign decisions.

152 In R v Taylor (Ross Gordon) (1983) 5 Cr App R (S) 241 (“Taylor”), a
decision of the English Court of Appeal which was cited by the respondent, the
accused, a 21-year-old intellectually disabled man, pleaded guilty to the rape
of a 19-year-old girl with Down’s Syndrome. They attended the same school, and
had met on the way home on the day of the offence. As they approached an
alley, the accused forced himself on the girl, but desisted after realising
that she was having her period. He was sentenced to three years’ imprisonment,
and he appealed. The English Court of Appeal allowed his appeal and
substituted a three-year probation order. It noted that the psychiatric
evidence showed that the accused’s sex education and understanding of his own
sexuality was limited, and that he had a limited capacity to understand the
full implications of what had occurred (at 242). We accept that there are
aspects of the court’s reasoning which seem problematic, including an
observation that the act which the accused committed was not so much a rape
but more in the nature of an “indecent assault” (at 243). But apart from that,
the court did incline to the view that the accused had to be regarded as less
culpable because he did not fully appreciate his wrongdoing. Peter Pain J said
at 243:

One then has difficulties about the mental equipment of this appellant. It is
quite apparent from the papers and from what he said to the police and so on
that he knew that what he was doing was wrong. But it is not sufficient in
this sort of case to say that he knew the difference between right and wrong,
and that that is the end of the matter. Where a person has an almost childlike
understanding, as it is plain this appellant has – and indeed it has to be
borne in mind that he was still attending school – one has to appreciate that
such a person may understand that something is wrong without appreciating just
how very wrong it is, just as a child may understand that something is wrong
without understanding that it is very wicked. We are inclined to think that
that was the position here. He did not appreciate at the time – and the
various reports seem to make this clear – that what he was doing was not just
something that he ought not to be doing, but that it was something that was
very wicked indeed. [emphasis added]

153 Like the accused in Taylor, the respondent in this case had but a
childlike understanding of the wholly inexcusable, depraved and destructive
conduct that he had engaged in. And just as the court in Taylor did not think
that imprisonment was the appropriate sentence, so too we considered that the
respondent did not deserve a long prison term and caning. Similar reasoning
was adopted in MBQ and Muldrock, discussed above at [61] and [116]–[118]
respectively. In both cases, the offenders committed serious sexual offences:
MBQ involved the rape of a three-year-old toddler, and Muldrock involved the
fellatio of a young boy. But due to the offenders’ substantially reduced
culpability, lengthy incarceration was considered inappropriate in both cases.
Taylor, MBQ and Muldrock, in our judgment, indicate that a sentence of
reformative training in this case could not be criticised as being manifestly
inadequate or otherwise out of line and therefore inconsistent with the sort
of sentences that might be imposed for broadly similar cases.

154 Against this conclusion lay the Prosecution’s submission during oral
argument that sentencing the respondent to reformative training would create a
“schism” between how the law treats intellectually disabled offenders who have
committed serious offences and how the law treats mentally disordered
offenders who have committed serious offences. The Prosecution contended that
in the latter type of case, the approach was always to regard the “protection
of the public” as the dominant sentencing consideration. For this proposition,
the Prosecution cited Lim Ghim Peow v Public Prosecutor [2014] 4 SLR 1287
(“Lim Ghim Peow”) and Public Prosecutor v Goh Lee Yin and another appeal
[2008] 1 SLR(R) 824 (“Goh Lee Yin”). As there was no meaningful distinction
between intellectual disability and mental disorder for the purposes of
reducing culpability, the approach in relation to mentally disordered
offenders who committed serious offences, the Prosecution contended, would be
thrown in doubt if the court in this case did not similarly impose a lengthy
incapacitating sentence on the respondent.

155 In our judgment, this submission was misconceived on at least three
levels. First, this case concerned a young offender, whereas Lim Ghim Peow and
Goh Lee Yin did not. The special priority attaching to rehabilitation as a
sentencing objective therefore did not apply in those two cases. Second, it
did not assist the Prosecution to emphasise the importance of protecting the
public because rehabilitation, like incapacitation, is also a method of
achieving that goal: see Kong Peng Yee at [78]. And as we have observed at
[123] above, the Prosecution could not adequately explain why incapacitation
in this case was the superior method. Third, the Prosecution’s submission
contained no attempt to explain on a principled basis how the imposition of an
effective incapacitating sentence ought to be squared with exacting only
punishment that is deserved and proportionate to the offender’s crime. As we
suggested to the Prosecution during oral argument, if the protection of the
public were so important, why not impose the maximum term of imprisonment?

156 The authorities relied on by the Prosecution certainly did not support the
imposition of disproportionate sentences on offenders in order to protect the
public. For example, in Lim Ghim Peow, the accused, a 46-year-old man, pleaded
guilty to a charge under s 304(a) of the Penal Code of culpable homicide not
amounting to murder for killing his ex-lover over their broken relationship.
He had doused her with petrol which he had prepared the night before and set
her ablaze. At that time, he was suffering from a major depressive disorder.
The High Court imposed a sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment, and the Court of
Appeal affirmed this. Although the accused’s depression was found to have
limited his perception of the choices available to him, it was held that
“there was nothing to indicate that [he] lacked the capacity to comprehend his
actions or appreciate the wrongfulness of his conduct” (at [52]). Lim Ghim
Peow was therefore not a case in which the offender’s state of mind was
regarded by the court as having substantially reduced his culpability. In
other words, it was not a case where the offender received an incapacitating
sentence that he did not deserve. It was consistent with the proposition that
the punishment imposed must, save possibly in exceptional circumstances,
remain proportionate to the crime.

157 Lim Ghim Peow may be contrasted with Public Prosecutor v Aniza bte Essa
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 327. In that case, the accused, a 24-year-old woman, pleaded
guilty to a charge under s 304(a) read with s 109 of the Penal Code of
abetting culpable homicide not amounting to murder for obsessively urging her
lover to kill her husband, which he eventually did. At the time of her
offence, the accused was suffering from moderate depression. The High Court
imposed a sentence of nine years’ imprisonment, and the Court of Appeal
affirmed this, rejecting the Prosecution’s appeal to impose a sentence of life
imprisonment instead. The psychiatric evidence showed that the accused’s
depression was of moderate severity at the time of the offence, concurrent
with her having received increasingly frequent beatings from her husband, and
that she also showed some features of post-traumatic stress disorder (at [8]).
There was “a complex interplay between her chronic depression, and her
constantly being abused”, which “resulted in her failure to act positively to
prevent [her lover] from following through with the plan to kill the deceased”
(at [8]). On these facts, this court approved the High Court’s view that the
accused’s culpability “was not … so high that she deserved the sentence of
life imprisonment” (at [64]). Nor did this court think that the accused’s risk
of reoffending ought to be suppressed with a sentence disproportionate to her
culpability. Chan Sek Keong CJ put it in this way (at [40]):

… [I]n our view, to sentence a mentally unstable offender (whose condition is
treatable) to life imprisonment, because at that point of time we do not know
with certainty when it is safe to release him or her back to society, seems to
be unjust to such an offender. It would mean punishing such an offender out of
proportion to his or her culpability. The burden is on the Prosecution to
satisfy the court that such a treatable offender is likely to remain a danger
to the community if he or she is released back to society (see [Public
Prosecutor v Chee Cheong Hin Constance [2006] 2 SLR(R) 707] at [16]). In our
view, the Judge’s approach could not be faulted. The fault, if any, lay in the
then existing limitations of a penal regime that required the Judge to impose
either a sentence which might be (and which he considered) excessive or a
sentence which might be seen to be inadequate (eg, by the [Public
Prosecutor]). [emphasis in original]

158 We agreed with these observations, and, in particular, with the view
expressed in the last sentence of the passage above that limitations in the
sentencing regime are no justification for disproportionate sentencing. In
this case, the Prosecution’s position appeared to be that if the court did not
have the tools to rehabilitate the respondent, then it should punish him. We
could not accept this. It is for either the Executive or Legislature to create
the appropriate tools, and to the extent that they have not, that omission is
not a principled basis for exacting disproportionate punishment on an
offender.

Conclusion

159 In the end, we were faced with a choice between imposing a term of between
15 and 18 years’ imprisonment and at least 15 strokes of the cane, and
imposing a term of incarceration at a reformative training centre of up to
three years. In our judgment, if those were both sub-optimal options, then in
all the circumstances, the latter was the less imperfect and only principled
option, especially considering that the respondent had already been
incarcerated for almost four years. The sentence of reformative training could
not and would not be backdated, and in all the circumstances, we were
satisfied that this was the appropriate course.

160 For all these reasons, we dismissed the appeal.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Tay Yong Kwang Chao Hick Tin  
Judge of Appeal Senior Judge

Kow Keng Siong, Sarah Shi, Carene Poh and Jamie Pang (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the appellant;  
N Sreenivasan SC, Jerrie Tan and Jason Lim (Straits Law Practice LLC), Amarick
Gill (Amarick Gill LLC), Muntaz Zainuddin (IRB Law LLP) and Cheryl Ng
(Intelleigen Legal LLC) for  
the respondent.

**SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE**

11 March 2019

**Case summary**

_Public Prosecutor v ASR_[2019] SGCA 16

_Criminal Appeal No 10 of 2018_

\----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Decision of the Court of Appeal (delivered by Chief Justice Sundaresh
Menon):**

CoA upholds sentence of reformative training for intellectually disabled
teenager convicted of serious sexual offences and clarifies applicable
sentencing principles.

**Background**

  1. In 2014, the respondent raped the victim after threatening to pull a knife on her; he also inserted his finger and a blunt object into her vagina. He was 14 at that time and had an intellectual disability, with an IQ of 61 and a mental age of between eight and ten. For his actions, he was charged under the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) with one count of aggravated rape and two counts of sexual assault by penetration. In 2017, after he had turned 16, he pleaded guilty to the three charges and consented to having six other charges taken into consideration for sentencing purposes. The High Court sentenced him to reformative training: at **[9]** , **[10]** , **[12]** –**[14]** and **[28]**.

  2. The Prosecution appealed, maintaining its position below that the respondent should be sentenced to between 15 and 18 years’ imprisonment and at least 15 strokes of the cane. It submitted that the High Court had wrongly held that rehabilitation was the dominant sentencing objective, mainly because the respondent’s offences were serious, the harm caused was severe, the respondent was recalcitrant and his intellectual disability made him unsuitable for reformative training. The Prosecution contended that a long imprisonment term was the only suitable sentencing option, principally because the respondent had a high risk of recidivism, and the public needed to be protected from him: at **[32]** –**[33]**.

  3. The respondent defended the High Court’s decision, arguing that the benefit of reformative training should not be denied to intellectually disabled persons such as him. Reformative training was suitable because it would be in both his and society’s long-term interests that he be rehabilitated, and because his culpability, and thus the seriousness of his offences, had been reduced by his intellectual disability: at **[35]**.

  4. The parties also addressed the effect of s 83 of the Penal Code, which provides an absolute defence to criminal liability for any child “above 7 years of age and under 12” who was not of sufficient maturity of understanding to judge the nature and consequences of his offending conduct at the time of such conduct. The Prosecution submitted that s 83 did not apply because the word “age” in the provision referred to an offender’s chronological age rather than his mental age, and the respondent was above 12 at the time of his offences. Furthermore, the differentia of chronological age did not render the provision unconstitutional. The respondent, in contrast, contended that s 83 ought to be read purposively to apply to offenders whose mental age was between seven and 12 regardless of whether their chronological age was above or below 12; and if that were not the case, then the provision would be unconstitutional for unfairly excluding the benefit of the defence from those of insufficient maturity by reason only of their mental age: at **[29]** –**[31]** and **[34]**.

**The Court of Appeal’s decision**

  5. The Court of Appeal (“the Court”) dismissed the appeal after hearing the parties. In its detailed grounds of decision, the Court set out its reasoning on five broad issues which had arisen: (a) the extent of the respondent’s intellectual disability; (b) the applicability and constitutionality of s 83 of the Penal Code; (c) the appropriate sentencing framework for intellectually disabled young offenders convicted of serious offences; (d) whether rehabilitation was the dominant sentencing objective in this case; and (e) in the light of the applicable sentencing objectives in this case, whether reformative training was the appropriate sentencing option: at **[36]** –**[41]**.

_**Issue 1: The extent of the respondent’s intellectual disability**_

  6. The Court considered that the extent of the respondent’s intellectual disability centred around the significance of his IQ, the degree to which his intellectual disability affected his ability to control his impulses, and the significance of his mental age. As to his IQ, the evidence supported the view that at the time of his offences, he functioned in the extremely low range of intelligence. As to his impulse control, the evidence was clear, and the Prosecution accepted, that his intellectual disability impaired his impulse control ability: at **[43]** , **[49]** and **[68]** –**[72]**.

  7. The concept of mental age, in the Court’s view, was not heterodox, outdated or unreliable, contrary to the Prosecution’s submission. Instead, it was useful as a heuristic tool for approximating the intellectual capacity of an offender and, in turn, assessing his culpability for sentencing purposes. It simply needed to be understood in the context of the offender’s life experiences and circumstances. This view was supported by the cases. Here, it was meaningful to consider that the respondent had a mental age of between eight and ten at the time of his offences. There was no evidence that he had by then accumulated life experiences and participated in activities which would suggest that he was more mature than his mental age indicated: at **[50]** , **[51]** , **[57]** , **[58]** , **[63],** **[66]** and **[67]**.

_**Issue 2: Section 83 of the Penal Code**_

  8. The Court held that there was no ambiguity in the ordinary meaning of the word “age” in s 83 of the Penal Code that needed to be resolved by purposive interpretation. One aspect of giving words in a legislative provision their ordinary meaning was that the words in question meant what they were understood to mean at the time they were adopted by the Legislature. When the Penal Code was adopted, the concept of mental age had not been developed, so “age” in s 83 could not mean mental age. Nor did the concept of chronological age logically extend to mental age. Moreover, other textual elements of s 83 and the Penal Code supported this interpretation. The respondent, being above 12 at the time of his offences, therefore could not rely on s 83: at **[76]** –**[84]**.

  9. This reading of s 83 did not make the provision unconstitutional. It did not violate the respondent’s right to equal protection under Art 12(1) of the Constitution because the differentia of chronological age bore a rational relation to the provision’s objective of excusing young children from criminal liability and protecting them from the harshness of the criminal justice system. Nor did s 83 violate Art 9(1) by being inconsistent with any higher law or being so arbitrary and absurd that it did not constitute law: at **[85]** –**[90]**.

_**Issue 3: The appropriate sentencing framework**_

  10. The Court held that the appropriate sentencing framework for intellectually disabled young offenders convicted of serious offences was the two-step approach laid down by the High Court in _Public Prosecutor v Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri_[2008] 1 SLR(R) 449. This consisted of, first, considering whether rehabilitation remained the dominant sentencing consideration (it being presumptively so in the case of young offenders), and, second, choosing the appropriate sentencing option in the light of the answer at the first step. As a general rule, whether conditions existed to make rehabilitative sentencing options viable was a factor properly considered at the second step because it concerned the operational question of how rehabilitation might be achieved, and not the normative question of whether it would be in society’s best interests that the offender be rehabilitated. In this case, therefore, the respondent’s alleged unsuitability for reformative training by reason of his intellectual disability was not a reason for displacing rehabilitation as the presumptive dominant sentencing objective, contrary to the Prosecution’s submission: at **[94]** , **[96]** , **[98]** , **[99]** and **[102]**.

_**Issue 4: Whether rehabilitation was displaced**_

  11. Whether rehabilitation was displaced as the dominant sentencing consideration turned largely on the respondent’s state of mind at the time of his offences. In the Court’s view, the evidence showed that the respondent was of extremely low cognitive ability, and this significantly reduced his culpability. His intellectual disability impaired his impulse control ability, and he manifested a limited understanding of the nature and consequences of his offences as well as their legal and moral wrongfulness. Coupled with his youth, this made rehabilitation the dominant sentencing objective: at **[103]** and **[106]** –**[113]**.

  12. Rehabilitation was not displaced from this position by other sentencing objectives. Deterrence carried minimal weight because it was predicated in part on the cognitive normalcy of the offender, which, in this case, was absent. Rehabilitation was preferred to incapacitation as the method of protecting the public from the respondent because he was a young offender. In this regard, the Prosecution was wrong to emphasise that the court was fundamentally engaged in a “risk assessment” exercise because this failed to engage the specific principles justifying the importance of rehabilitating young offenders: at **[115]** and **[121]–[124]**.

  13. Retribution did not easily lend itself to being treated as a dominant sentencing objective because it simply required, in the context of sentencing, that the sentence imposed be commensurate with the offender’s culpability and the harm caused. But it was possible for retribution to be “displaced” as a sentencing consideration to some degree where the court was satisfied that the punishment should not correspond completely to the offender’s culpability and the harm caused, in order, for example, to achieve an outcome-focused objective such as incapacitation. In such cases, it was especially important that the court carefully apply any applicable sentencing framework and the totality principle to ensure that all things considered, the punishment fit the crime: at **[131]** –**[133]**.

_**Issue 5: The appropriate sentencing option**_

  14. The Court considered probation inappropriate in this case because it did not recognise the seriousness of the respondent’s offences, nor would it provide the respondent the structured environment that was necessary to manage his high risk of recidivism. Long-term imprisonment with caning was also inappropriate because it was principally a deterrent sentence and a form of incapacitation, and these objectives had no rational application to the respondent. While the Prosecution claimed that customised rehabilitation could be provided in prison, it did not explain why that could not similarly be provided in reformative training, given that both regimes were run by the Singapore Prisons Service: at **[135]** –**[140]**.

  15. The Prosecution’s proposed sentence was disproportionate. It was based on sentencing frameworks that were not promulgated with intellectually disabled offenders such as the respondent in mind. In addition, it violated both limbs of the totality principle, in that: (a) it was significantly higher than the usual range of sentences imposed for the most serious of the respondent’s offences; and (b) it was also crushing on the respondent, and not in keeping with his past record and future prospects. On the other hand, reformative training was proportionate, having regard to the sentences imposed for offences committed in similar circumstances. Furthermore, limitations in the sentencing regime were no justification for disproportionate sentencing: at **[146]** –**[153]** , **[157]** and **[158]**.

**Conclusion**

  16. In the end, the Court was faced with a choice between imposing a term of between 15 and 18 years’ imprisonment and at least 15 strokes of the cane, and imposing a term of incarceration at a reformative training centre of up to three years. If those were both sub-optimal options, then in all the circumstances, the latter was the less imperfect and only principled option, especially considering that the respondent had already been incarcerated for almost four years. The sentence of reformative training could not and would not be backdated, and in all the circumstances, the Court was satisfied that this was the appropriate course: at **[159]**.

__This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
grounds of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of
the Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the
corresponding paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision.__

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

