Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 288

Suit No 397 of 2017

Between

| Asian Infrastructure Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Kam Thai Leong Dennis  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Oral agreement between parties]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation]

[Equity] — [Estoppel] — [Promissory estoppel]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Asian Infrastructure Ltd

  

v

  

Kam Thai Leong Dennis

[2019] SGHC 288

High Court — Suit No 397 of 2017  
Dedar Singh Gill JC  
14–17, 21–23 May 2019

10 December 2019 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill JC:

1 This is a claim by Asian Infrastructure Limited (“AIL”) against Mr Dennis
Kam (“Mr Kam”) under two contracts of personal guarantee for outstanding sums
owed by Perfect Earth Management Pte Ltd (“PEM”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”), pp 1 – 5.

The facts and the evidence

The parties

2 It is necessary to highlight the identities of the following parties in the
present dispute:

(a) PEM is a Singapore incorporated company which borrowed money from AIL
under two loan agreements dated 23 September 2013 and 11 March 2014. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Malcolm Chang’s AEIC (“MCAEIC”), paras 10 and 16.

(b) AIL is a Hong Kong incorporated company 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Dennis Kam’s AEIC (“DKAEIC”), para 11.

which entered into two contracts of personal guarantee with Mr Kam
guaranteeing loans extended to PEM on 23 September 2013 and 11 March 2014. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

MCAEIC, paras 9 and 15.

(c) ARI Investments Limited (“ARI”) is a Hong Kong incorporated company which
shares the same registered address as AIL.

(d) Mr Malcolm Chang (“Mr Chang”) is a director of both AIL and ARI.

(e) PT Aceh Rubber Industries (“PT ARI”) is an Indonesia incorporated company
which owns and operates a rubber factory in Aceh, Indonesia.

(f) Accelera Precious Timber & Strategic Agriculture Limited (“APTSA”) is a
Cayman Islands company with limited liability. APTSA is a majority shareholder
in PT ARI.

(g) Mr Kam is a Komisaris (ie, commissioner) of PT ARI, as well as a director
and shareholder of APTSA.

The witnesses

3 Mr Chang and Mr Tin Jing Soon (“Mr Tin”), the Business Development Manager
of Infraavest Private Limited, a company controlled by Mr Chang, testified on
behalf of the plaintiff. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Tin Jing Soon’s AEIC (“TJSAEIC”), para 1.

4 In addition to Mr Kam, two other witnesses testified for the defendant.
These were Ms Eileen Tan E-Lin (“Ms Tan”) and Mr Yeo Siang Cher (“Mr Yeo”). Ms
Tan was a director and shareholder of APTSA, as well as a director of PEM. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Eileen Tan E-Lin’s AEIC (“ETAEIC”), para 1.

Like Mr Kam, Mr Yeo was a director of PT ARI. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Yeo Siang Cher’s AEIC (“YSCAEIC”), para 1.

Background facts

5 The following facts are not substantially in dispute.

6 Sometime in August or September 2013, Mr Kam approached Mr Chang for a loan
to be used as “working capital” for PT ARI. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

MCAEIC, para 5.

PT ARI operated a rubber factory in Aceh, Indonesia. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DKAEIC, para 3.

Both Mr Kam and Mr Chang agreed that the borrowing entity would be a Singapore
incorporated company, PEM. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

MCAEIC, para 7.

PEM was a company controlled by Mr Kam. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

MCAEIC, para 8.

7 On 23 September 2013, AIL loaned US$500,000 to PEM with interest payable at
1% per month. The loan was to be repaid on 31 December 2013 (“the 2013 loan”).
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ABDV1, pp 8 – 9.

On the same day, Mr Kam provided a personal guarantee to AIL guaranteeing the
repayment of this sum. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ABDV1, p 10.

By mid-January 2014, only US$150,000 had been repaid by PT ARI (on behalf of
PEM) to AIL. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC, paras 7-8.

AIL agreed to extend the repayment date of the balance sum to 31 December
2014. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ABDV1, pp 19-20.

8 Subsequently, AIL loaned a further sum of US$650,000 to PEM at the same rate
of interest of 1% per month. This was due to be repaid by 31 December 2014
(“the 2014 loan”). Mr Kam gave another personal guarantee on 16 March 2014 to
AIL guaranteeing repayment of the 2014 loan.

9 AIL now claims against Mr Kam under both contracts of personal guarantee for
the outstanding sums owed by PEM under the 2013 and 2014 loans.

10 The relevant terms of both personal guarantees are as follows: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Set down Bundle (“PSB”), pp 146-147; DKAEIC, p 177.

I, [Mr Kam], personally guarantee to you [AIL]… any obligation of [PEM] and
hereby agree to bind myself to pay you on demand the sum which may become due
to you by the company whenever [PEM] shall fail to pay the same.

It is understood that this guarantee shall be a continuing and irrevocable
guarantee and indemnity for such indebtedness of [PEM].

The defendant’s case

11 Mr Kam denied that he was liable under the personal guarantees. He relied
on an agreement which he characterised as a “joint venture” between PEM, PT
ARI, APTSA, ARI, and AIL. I refer to this as “the Agreement”. In his view, the
Agreement novated the 2013 and 2014 loans from PEM to ARI (a company
controlled by Mr Chang) on the date of the Agreement. As the underlying loan
agreements were novated, he submitted that his liability as guarantor fell
away. Mr Kam also relied on Clause 5(e) of the Agreement as extinguishing his
liability under the personal guarantees on the date of the Agreement.

12 Further, Mr Kam alleged the existence of a collateral oral agreement
reached on 24 July 2015 which discharged his liability as guarantor.

13 Lastly, Mr Kam submitted that AIL is estopped from denying that his
liability under the personal guarantees had been discharged. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PSB, p 117 at paras 27-28.

The plaintiff’s case

14 AIL adopted a different view from Mr Kam on the significance and
contractual effect of the Agreement. It submitted that Clause 5 of the
Agreement should be interpreted contextually. In its view, the “proper
context” was that AIL entered into the Agreement because PEM was unable to
repay the outstanding loans owed to AIL. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

MCAEIC, paras 26-28; Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence in Chief (“BAEIC”) Vol
1, pp 8-9; TJSAEIC, paras 7-8.

The Agreement was meant to embody a “turnaround plan” in which AIL would take
an equity stake in APTSA and, in the process, receive dividends which it would
use to repay the outstanding sums owed to it. In exchange, AIL would agree to
the novation of the 2013 and 2014 loans. This would discharge PEM of its
outstanding liabilities and extinguish Mr Kam’s liabilities under the personal
guarantees. Given the “proper context”, AIL submitted that both parties could
not have intended for the liabilities of PEM and Mr Kam to be extinguished on
the date of Agreement. On the contrary, their liabilities would only be
discharged after the “turnaround plan” was fully implemented.

15 Further and in the alternative, AIL claimed that the Agreement should be
rescinded by virtue of Mr Kam’s misrepresentations and/or breach of
warranties. The misrepresentations and/or breach of warranties related to two
matters. First, PT ARI’s production capacity. Second, Mr Kam’s failure to
disclose that not all of the sums loaned by AIL were used for PT ARI’s factory
(which was the very reason why the loans had been extended in the first
place), but were siphoned off to various third parties.

16 Lastly, AIL rejected Mr Kam’s argument that it was estopped from denying
that he was liable under the personal guarantees.

Issues to be determined

17 The issues are:

(a) whether the Agreement novated the 2013 and 2014 loans from PEM to ARI in
September 2015 (there is some dispute between the parties on the relevant date
to be applied. I address this at [20]–[22]);

(b) did the Agreement discharge, as at the date of the Agreement, Mr Kam’s
liabilities under the personal guarantees;

(c) was there a collateral oral agreement between Mr Chang (on behalf of AIL)
and Mr Kam entered into on 24 July 2015 which discharged the latter’s
liability under the personal guarantees;

(d) should the Agreement be rescinded for misrepresentation and/or breach of
warranties; and

(e) whether the defence of promissory estoppel arises in favour of Mr Kam such
that AIL can no longer call on the personal guarantees.

Issues 1 and 2: Interpretation of the Agreement

18 The first two issues will be dealt with together.

19 Mr Kam did not dispute either the existence of the 2013 and 2014 loans and
that a total of US$1,000,000 (excluding interest) was due and payable to AIL
by PEM as at 31 December 2014. Neither did he challenge the existence of the
two contracts of personal guarantee with AIL.

20 Relying on Clauses 5(d) and 5(e) of the Agreement, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, at p 835.

Mr Kam’s defence to AIL’s claim was that, based on his interpretation of the
clauses, his liability under the personal guarantees was discharged
“immediately” (ie, instantaneously) on the date of the Agreement. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SDB, p 114 at [25].

21 I noted in [17a] above that there was a disagreement between the parties
regarding the date on which both parties entered into the Agreement. According
to AIL’s pleadings, the relevant month in which the Agreement was entered into
was September 2015. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SDB, p 132 at para 18(i).

AIL, however, departed from its pleaded position during cross-examination and
in its written submissions. It took 3 November 2015 to be the date of the
Agreement. However, Mr Chang’s affidavit stated that AIL entered into the
Agreement “[o]n or about 29 September 2015”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

MCAEIC, para 36.

More significantly, the date stated on the Agreement itself is September 2015,
although the precise day of the month is left blank. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

MCAEIC, MC-1, pp 131.

22 Mr Kam argued that AIL should not be permitted to alter its position, given
that it had pleaded that the Agreement was entered into in September 2015.

23 In the circumstances, I adopt September 2015 as the month in which the
Agreement was concluded. In any case, the difference in the dates makes no
material difference to the contractual analysis below. The crux of Mr Kam’s
case is that the loan agreements had been novated “immediately” (ie, on the
date of Agreement). As both September 2015 and the later date referred to in
AIL’s written submissions (ie, 3 November 2015) have passed, novation would
have already taken place on either date (assuming that I accept Mr Kam’s
interpretation of the Agreement).

The law

24 The relevant principles concerning contractual interpretation may be
summarised as follows:

(a) The “text” of a contract remains the primary source of understanding the
parties’ intentions, even under the modern contextual approach. Text comes
before context: HSBC Trustee (Singapore) Ltd v Lucky Realty Co Pte Ltd [2015]
3 SLR 885 at [59].

(b) Extrinsic evidence of the external context of the document is admissible
in aid of contractual interpretation even if there is no ambiguity in the
contract sought to be interpreted: Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich
Insurance”) at [114]–[120]. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Authorities (“DBOA”), Tab 23

However, the extrinsic evidence has to be relevant, reasonably available to
all the contracting parties and should relate to a clear or obvious context
(see [132d]).

(c) The role of context relates only to the need to place the court in the
position of the party which drafted the contractual instrument and not the
drafter’s subjective intention as such: Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd v Soup
Restaurant Pte Ltd (formerly known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway Point) Pte
Ltd) [2015] 5 SLR 1187 (“Soup Restaurant”) at [33].

(d) Avoiding a commercially absurd result is a factor (albeit a “not
unimportant one”) to be considered in the process of interpretation: Soup
Restaurant at [32]. The court should ordinarily start from the working
position that the parties did not intend for the terms concerned to produce an
absurd result, although it might well be the case that the objective evidence
demonstrates that the parties were aware of the absurd result that might ensue
from the contractual terms, but still proceeded to enter into the contract in
question.

25 Neither party disputed the applicability of the contextual approach
outlined above, although Mr Kam submitted that it was clear from Clauses 5(d)
and 5(e) of the Agreement that novation was to take place immediately. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DCS, paras 18-19.

Analysis

26 I now turn to the analysis of the Agreement.

27 It is helpful to reproduce the entire subsection of the Agreement in which
the disputed clauses appear: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

MCAEIC, MC-1, pp 131.

5\. Debt Restructure

With reference to appendix “Loan Status”.

(a) Post this exercise, the “Existing Shareholder Group” (excluding ARI) shall
be responsible for the loans outstanding to creditors (excluding ARI, trade
creditors and staff outstanding(s)) as at this date, at both [APTSA] and PT
ARI levels.

(b) Loans are to be re-negotiated (achieve substantial haircuts) and
restructured such that any dividends distributed (to the Existing Shareholder
Group) upon a successful turnaround, shall be applied to settling the loans.

(c) Trade creditors (namely Cody and Robert) and outstanding amounts to [Mr
Yeo] (salaries and loans) shall remain the responsibility of the PT ARI and
[APTSA].

(d) AIL shall novate its existing USD 1,000,000 loan with interest to ARI. ARI
shall be responsible for this loan and interest, meaning that repayment shall
be when dividends distributed (to AIL) upon a successful turnaround, shall be
applied to settling the loan.

(e) The existing loan sits in PEM, where 100% shares are currently held in
name of [Mr Kam], taken on behalf of [APTSA]. As per Clause 5(d) AIL agrees to
novate the loan and interest from PEM to ARI, and hereby agrees that PEM be
shut-down immediately without further liabilities in accordance with the laws
of Singapore after all liabilities of PEM have been discharged. The personal
guarantee given by [Mr Kam] shall also be dissolved with immediate effect
(currently there is a back to-back guarantee from PT ARI to [Mr Kam]).

28 On Mr Kam’s interpretation of Clause 5, both the 2013 and 2014 loans were
novated “immediately” upon the signing of the Agreement in September 2015. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SDB, p 114 – 117; Defence, para 25.

Relying on a reading of Clause 5(e) which states that “the personal guarantee
given by [Mr Kam] shall also be dissolved with immediate effect”, he further
submitted that the personal guarantees given by him were discharged in
September 2015.

29 In contrast, AIL argued that the novation of the loans must be seen as part
of “a chain of interconnected components which cannot be viewed in isolation”.
28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PCS at para 26.

The interconnected components are as follows. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PCS at para 26.

First, ARI would step into PEM’s shoes and assume its liability to pay the
outstanding sums (including interest) to AIL. Then, ARI would repay the
outstanding sums using dividends distributed to ARI by APTSA after PT ARI and
its rubber factory in Aceh, Indonesia had been successfully turned around and
had begun generating profit. PEM would then be shut down. But this was to be
done only after all of its liabilities had been discharged. It was only after
all these steps were completed that Mr Kam’s liability under the personal
guarantees would be extinguished. AIL submitted that viewing the novation of
the two loan agreements in isolation would lead to an “absurd result” which
would be contrary to the parties’ objective intention. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PCS at para 27.

The “absurd result” which AIL referred to was the “result” of novation taking
place immediately in September 2015 before dividends had been paid to ARI from
APTSA upon the successful turnaround of PT ARI. AIL contended that this was an
“absurd result” because ARI would not be able to repay the outstanding loans
not having received any dividends from APTSA at the time. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PCS at para 39.

30 In relation to Clause 5(e), AIL contended that this should not be
interpreted to mean that the personal guarantees were dissolved in September
2015. Instead, the court should have regard to the commercial context as well
as the Agreement’s various “[n]ovation [c]omponents”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PCS at para 81.

Text before context

31 My analysis begins with the language of the Agreement. There are several
reasons why the text of the Agreement does not support Mr Kam’s
interpretation.

32 First, Clause 5(d) of the Agreement reads “AIL shall novate its existing
USD 1,000,000 loan with interest to ARI. ARI shall be responsible for this
loan and interest, meaning that repayment shall be when dividends distributed
(to AIL) upon a successful turnaround, shall be applied to settling the loan”.
One of the definitions of the word “shall” provided by the Oxford English
Dictionary is a modal verb which is used to express the future tense. The
example provided in relation to this is “this time next week I shall be in
Scotland”. Black’s Law Dictionary likewise defines “shall” as a future-tense
verb, as in “the debtor shall then be released from all debts”. In this case,
the word “shall”, in the context in which it appears, implies that novation
would take place in the future. If parties had intended for novation to take
place immediately, phrases such as “AIL novates the loan...” or “by this
Agreement, AIL novates the loan” would have been used.

33 Second, Clause 5(d) itself, on closer reading, provides that novation takes
place only after dividends have been distributed to AIL upon a successful
turnaround (ie, a future event). Thus, although the first line of the clause
is silent on when novation should take place, the second sentence of Clause
5(d) goes on to state that “ARI shall be responsible for this loan and
interest, meaning that repayment shall be when dividends distributed (to AIL)
upon a successful turnaround, shall be applied to settling the loan” [emphasis
added].

34 At this juncture, it is worth highlighting briefly the nature of novation
as it assists in the task of interpreting Clause 5(d). A contractual
liability, such as an obligation to repay an outstanding loan, cannot be
transferred unilaterally and requires a novation: Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore
– vol 7 (LexisNexis, 2016 Reissue) at para 80.431. When a contract is novated,
the old agreement is extinguished and a new contract is formed with new or
substituted parties (or in some cases, between the same parties): Fairview
Developments Pte Ltd v Ong & Ong Pte Ltd and another appeal [2014] 2 SLR 318
at [46]. Having regard to the nature of novation, the phrase “ARI shall be
responsible for this loan and interest” is an obvious reference to the legal
effect of novation. Spelled out, this legal effect is that the “substituted
party” to the contract, ie, ARI, will assume PEM’s liabilities under the 2013
and 2014 loans.

35 Having stated that ARI “shall be responsible for [the] loan and interest”
(this referring to the legal effect of novation), the second sentence of the
clause goes on to explain when this effect, ie, the novation, kicks in:
“…meaning that repayment shall be when dividends distributed (to AIL) upon a
successful turnaround” [emphasis added]. The use of the clarificatory phrase
“meaning that” preceding the phrase “repayment shall be when” suggests that
parties intended for the latter part of this clause to explain when novation
was to take place. Thus, the second sentence of Clause 5(d) clarifies that
novation takes place at the time when dividends are distributed to AIL upon a
successful turnaround of PT ARI.

36 Third, the interpretation that novation takes place upon the successful
turnaround of PT ARI is supported by Clause 4(c) of the Agreement. The clause
states that “ARI reserves the right to terminate the turnaround plan should it
not work out”. Accepting Mr Kam’s interpretation that novation takes place
“immediately” would render ARI’s right of termination nugatory. This is
because ARI would immediately be burdened with the liabilities under the two
loans. This having happened, it would become pointless for ARI to exercise its
right of termination were it “not [to] work out” as it would be saddled with
liability regardless of what transpired after the Agreement. This does not
appear to be what the parties’ objectively intended. Instead, ARI’s right of
termination is consistent with the interpretation that novation (to ARI) is
contingent on the successful turnaround of PT ARI.

37 Fourth, Clause 5(d) must be considered in the light of Clause 5(e). Like
Clause 5(d), Clause 5(e) speaks of novation. The material part of Clause 5(e)
states “AIL agrees to novate the loan and interest from PEM to ARI, and hereby
agrees that PEM be shut down immediately without further liabilities…after all
liabilities of PEM have been discharged”.

38 Mr Kam relied on the use of the word “immediately” in Clause 5(e) to argue
that novation takes place “immediately” in September 2015. On closer scrutiny,
it is clear that the word “immediately” cannot be interpreted to mean
“instantaneously”. This is because the phrase stipulating that PEM is to be
shut down “immediately” goes on to say that it is only to be shut down “after
all liabilities” have been discharged. The language of Clause 5(e) therefore,
plainly understood, does not support Mr Kam’s interpretation that novation
takes place “immediately” in September 2015.

39 In any case, I am of the view that the word “immediately” attaches to the
second phrase and not the first. A natural reading of the entire Clause 5(e)
indicates that the word “immediately” refers to when PEM is to be shut down
and not when “AIL agrees to novate”.

40 Finally, the entire Clause 5 (consisting of its various sub-clauses)
supports AIL’s case that novation takes place only after certain conditions
are satisfied. At the outset, I note that the title of Clause 5 states “Debt
Restructure”. This is the subject-matter of the entire clause. Clause 5(a)
reads “Post this exercise, the ‘Existing Shareholder Group’ (excluding ARI)
shall be responsible for the loans outstanding to creditors”. In light of the
title of Clause 5, the use of the word “exercise” must be a reference to the
“debt restructuring exercise”. Following from this, Clause 5(b) goes on to
state the manner in which the debt is to be restructured: “Loans are to be re-
negotiated (achieve substantial haircuts) and restructured such that any
dividends distributed (to the Existing Shareholder Group) upon a successful
turnaround, shall be applied to settling the loans.” This clause in
particular, together with Clauses 5(d) and 5(e), evidences the parties’
objective intention that PEM’s liability under the loan agreements was never
meant to cease immediately in September 2015. Instead, the parties’ intention,
gleaned objectively from a holistic consideration of Clause 5, was for PEM’s
liability to be extinguished (ie, for novation to take place) only when
dividends from APTSA were distributed to ARI upon a successful turnaround of
PT ARI.

41 Similarly, there are several reasons why Mr Kam’s interpretation of Clause
5(e) cannot stand.

42 Like Clause 5(d), Clause 5(e) stipulates that “the personal guarantee given
by [Mr Kam] shall also be dissolved with immediate effect”. The use of the
word “shall”, in the context in which it appears, indicates that the
dissolution of Mr Kam’s personal guarantees is to take place in the future.

43 The manner in which the entire Clause 5(e) is worded also makes apparent
that several events must first take place before the personal guarantees are
discharged. These are as follows:

(a) First, dividends must be paid out to ARI (upon a successful turnaround of
PT ARI).

(b) Second, AIL novates the loan and interest from PEM to ARI.

(c) Third, PEM is to be shut down immediately after all its liabilities have
been discharged.

(d) Fourth, Mr Kam’s personal guarantees are to be discharged at the same time
that PEM is shut down.

44 Clause 5(e) states “as per Clause 5(d), AIL agrees to novate the loan and
interest from PEM…”. However, given that Clause 5(e) is to be read subject to
Clause 5(d), which properly construed, provides that novation takes place only
after dividends are paid out to ARI by APTSA (upon a successful turnaround of
PT ARI), the very first event which must take place is the dividend payment by
APTSA to ARI. It is the payment of dividends that triggers novation.

45 Thereafter, AIL novates the loans from PEM to ARI.

46 Next, PEM is to be shut down. It is clear that this step must follow after
the novation, as shut-down is to take place only “after all [its]
liabilities…have been discharged”. PEM’s liabilities cannot conceivably be
discharged until after novation has taken place.

47 After Clause 5(e) states “…that PEM be shut-down immediately without
further liabilities in accordance with the laws of Singapore after all
liabilities of PEM have been discharged”, it says that “the personal guarantee
given by [Mr Kam] shall also be dissolved with immediate effect”. The use of
the word “also” indicates that the dissolution of Mr Kam’s guarantees is to
take place at the same time as PEM’s shut-down. Interpreting “the personal
guarantee given by [Mr Kam] shall also be dissolved with immediate effect” in
the context of the Clause 5(e), as well as the chronology of events which it
entails, strongly implies that the words “with immediate effect” should not be
interpreted to mean “instantaneously”. Thus, the discharge of liabilities was
not intended to take place immediately in September 2015.

48 Finally, just as the word “immediately” was not intended by the parties to
be interpreted to mean “instantaneously” (see above at [37]), the same can be
said about the words “with immediate effect”. That both “immediately” and
“with immediate effect” are to be given the same meaning is bolstered upon
reading Clause 5(e) in its entirety. Reading the phrases “…that PEM be shut-
down immediately without further liabilities in accordance with the laws of
Singapore after all liabilities of PEM have been discharged…” and “the
personal guarantee given by [Mr Kam] shall also be dissolved with immediate
effect” [emphasis added] together, it becomes apparent that the words
“immediately” and “with immediate effect” are to be given the same
interpretation.

49 In summary, based on a textual analysis of the Agreement:

(a) novation is to take place after dividends have been paid out to ARI, upon
the successful turnaround of PT ARI; and

(b) the personal guarantees are to be discharged at the same time as when PEM
is shut down (after all its liabilities have been discharged).

Context

50 AIL urged the court to bear in mind the “proper context” of the Agreement.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PCS at paras 32, 34 and 36.

It also submitted that Mr Kam’s interpretation of the clauses would produce an
“absurd result” (see above at [29]).

51 It is necessary to elaborate briefly on the events in the period leading up
to the signing of the Agreement to address the above two points.

52 According to Mr Chang, Mr Kam approached him towards the end of 2014 when
both the 2013 and 2014 loans were due to be repaid. Mr Kam then informed Mr
Chang that he could not repay the loans by the contractually stipulated date.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

MCAEIC, para 26.

Both of them agreed on a “turnaround plan”, although it is disputed which
party proposed it. This was the plan eventually embodied in the Agreement. ARI
was to inject capital into PT ARI through APTSA by way of a convertible loan.
In exchange, ARI was to be given fixed shareholdings in APTSA. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

MCAEIC, para 37.

53 Mr Kam’s evidence is consistent with the fact that the Agreement was
entered into as part of a “turnaround plan” to rescue PT ARI. In his
affidavit, Mr Kam stated that he had sent several emails to Mr Tin on PT ARI’s
audited accounts for Mr Chang to review so that the latter could “get a better
view of how PT ARI was performing” and “provide some feedback and comments as
to how PT ARI could perform better” [emphasis added]. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DKAEIC, para 48.

These emails were dated 19 November, 27 November and 29 November 2014, and
appended the audited accounts of PT ARI as of 31 December 2011 and 31 December
2012. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DKAEIC, para 48.

The emails show that Mr Kam was seeking to assuage AIL’s fears concerning the
outstanding loans and soliciting its help (through Mr Chang) to improve PT
ARI’s financial state. Subsequently, on 4 June 2015, Mr Chang sent Mr Tin to
Aceh, Indonesia to physically inspect PT ARI’s rubber factory. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DKAEIC, para 54.

Presumably, this was for AIL and Mr Chang to assess the viability of the
turnaround plan. On 10 June 2015, Mr Kam prepared for Mr Chang a slide
presentation which provided information on the operating capacity of PT ARI’s
factory 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

MCAEIC, para 31; Exhibit MC-1.

and solicited AIL’s investment. This led to a meeting between the parties on
24 July 2015 (which forms the subject of Mr Kam’s defence of an oral agreement
that I shall address later). Emails were then exchanged between AIL and Mr
Kam’s representatives, which eventually concluded in the signing of the
Agreement.

54 The above background leads me to the following conclusions. It is evident
that throughout the negotiating process and the signing of the Agreement, both
parties were always acting in their self-interest. The “turnaround plan”
embodied in the Agreement was intended as a “win-win” solution for the various
parties involved.

55 One of AIL’s key motives was to secure repayment of the outstanding loans.
It was always intended that these loans would be repaid, albeit through a
circuitous mechanism. Dividends would be paid out to ARI from APTSA (upon a
successful turnaround of PT ARI) and these dividends would be used to satisfy
the outstanding debt. Another possible motive was a potential return on its
investment in PT ARI through acquired shares in APTSA. Turning to Mr Kam, if
the turnaround plan was successful, PT ARI (through the borrowing entity, PEM)
would no longer be liable to repay the outstanding loans.

56 Having understood the parties’ respective motives, it flies in the face of
commercial common sense for AIL to enter into the Agreement only to
“immediately” give up the only form of security it had, ie, Mr Kam’s personal
guarantees, as well as novate the loans to ARI, in exchange for nothing in
return. Accepting Mr Kam’s proposed interpretation (on both the novation and
guarantee issues) would mean that AIL was practically “forgiving” the debt of
an arms-length commercial counterparty. No reason was provided by Mr Kam on
why this might have been done in the circumstances. Further, applying Mr Kam’s
interpretation would mean that there would no longer be any incentive for Mr
Kam to ensure the successful turnaround of PT ARI. With PEM and his own
liability discharged, there would be nothing left to do. This is a
commercially insensible result which, from the evidence available to me, does
not appear to be what the parties objectively intended.

57 This is also not a situation where “the parties were aware of the absurd
result that might ensue from the contractual terms, but nevertheless proceeded
to enter into the contract in question”: Soup Restaurant at [32]. Both parties
are sophisticated men of business, and have conducted themselves on an arms-
length basis. Mr Kam described himself as an investor or entrepreneur, running
companies that focus on real estate in Japan, Australia and Thailand. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DKAEIC, para 2.

Meanwhile, Mr Chang also appeared to me to be an investor capable of
protecting his commercial interests. There is no objective evidence which
might reveal that the parties were aware that a commercially illogical result
was likely to result from the contractual terms (ie, both novation and the
discharge of Mr Kam’s guarantees taking place immediately) but still proceeded
to enter into the Agreement.

Relevance of the email correspondence

58 Mr Kam relied on several correspondence to support his interpretation of
the Agreement. I will deal with each of them in turn.

59 The first email was sent by Ms Tan to Mr Tin on 27 July 2015. It contains a
draft copy of the Agreement, which has a clause stating that “Since [AIL] is
responsible for its own loan, the 100% shares [which were held in Mr Kam’s
name on behalf of APTSA] shall be transferred to AIL or its representative to
hold in name on behalf of APTSA”. Mr Kam did not explain how this clause in
the draft Agreement supports his proposed interpretation of the Agreement. I
am also cognisant that this clause was eventually removed from the final
version of the Agreement and cannot, therefore, be treated as reflecting the
objective intention of the parties under the Agreement.

60 The second email was sent by Mr Tin on 25 August 2015. It contained a draft
version of the Agreement. There is an additional phrase “…agreed to novate the
loan agreements from PEM to APTSA” in the draft. This phrase does not assist
Mr Kam as APTSA is not even the party to which the loans are to be novated to
under the final Agreement. In any case, the phrase entirely omits any mention
on when novation is to take place and therefore does not shed light on this
issue.

61 The final email was sent by Ms Tan to Carol Pang (an employee of AIL) on 29
October 2015. The email contains two typographical amendments to the draft
Agreement. After the amendments, the relevant clause is the same as the
equivalent clause in final version of the Agreement, which is that “repayment
[of the loan] shall be when dividends [are distributed to AIL]”. It is not
relevant to the issue at hand.

62 Mr Kam also highlighted two other emails in order to counter AIL’s averment
that “the parties were well aware of, had the knowledge, and intended for a
separate document to be signed to effect the proposed novation”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PSB, p 138.

Although it is unnecessary to make a finding on this point, given my
interpretation that novation is to take place only after dividends are paid to
ARI upon a successful turnaround of PT ARI, I consider the emails for the sake
of completeness.

63 The emails are as follows:

(a) an email from Ms Pang on 23 October 2015 to Ms Tan, stating “…can I also
check if the PEM loan has been novated, can we have a copy of the agreement”;
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

DKAEIC, p 600.

and

(b) an email from Ms Tan to Ms Pang on 18 November 2015, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DKAEIC, pp 660 – 665.

with two supporting documents: first, Mr Kam’s personal guarantee with the
word “cancelled” stamped on it and second, a letter addressing the writing off
of the outstanding loan between AIL and PEM which was to be signed by Mr
Chang.

64 The first email does not appear to me relevant to the issue of the timing
of novation. Clauses 5(d) and 5(e) already make plain that novation is to take
place after dividends have been paid to ARI upon a successful turnaround of PT
ARI. In the circumstances, the email does not throw further light on the
parties’ intention under the Agreement. Furthermore, as the email is evidence
of post-contractual conduct, it must be viewed with utmost scrutiny and
concern (see Hewlett-Packard Singapore (Sales) Pte Ltd v Chin Shu Hwa Corinna
[2016] 2 SLR 1083 at [54]).

65 Like the first email, the second email does not assist Mr Kam’s case.
First, there is no evidence that the document addressing the “writing off” of
the loan was ever signed by Mr Chang. Second, the email itself states, “please
find attached the [sic] novation agreement”. This was intended as a response
to an earlier email to Ms Tan on 29 October 2015 stating “Hi [Ms Tan], [could]
you help us draft a simple novation agreement?” [emphasis added]. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DKAEIC, p 668.

Instead of supporting Mr Kam’s position, this email (as well as the email
preceding it) buttresses AIL’s position that a subsequent novation agreement
was necessary before novation could take place.

66 To conclude, the correct interpretation of the Agreement is that novation
was to take place at the time when dividends were eventually distributed to
ARI, upon a successful turnaround of PT ARI. Given that Mr Kam failed to
provide any evidence that dividends were paid out to ARI by APTSA (indeed no
shareholdings in APTSA were ever provided to ARI), 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

MCAEIC, paras 48 to 50.

I hold that novation has not taken place. Accordingly, PEM remains liable
under the 2013 and 2014 loans.

Relevance of the control of PT ARI’s operations

67 Mr Kam submitted that he was not the one responsible for effecting the
turnaround plan. Rather, it was the responsibility of Mr Chang and his
associates as they had control over PT ARI. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SDB, p 140 at [18(viii)(e)]; DCS at para 53.

68 I have held that novation is contingent on dividends being paid to ARI by
APTSA, upon the successful turnaround of PT ARI. Based on Clause 5(d), it does
not matter who is responsible for the successful turnaround of PT ARI.
Novation takes place after dividends have been paid to ARI by APTSA,
irrespective of which party was responsible for APTSA’s successful turnaround.
In the circumstances, it is not necessary for me to make a finding on who was
responsible for the successful turnaround of PT ARI.

Issue 3: Existence of a collateral oral agreement?

69 This issue concerns an alleged oral agreement reached on 24 July 2015. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DKAEIC, para 57.

The law

70 Quentin Loh J in ARS v ART and another [2015] SGHC 78 (“ARS v ART”) at [53]
helpfully summarised the guiding principles on the proper approach for
determining the existence of an oral agreement:

…

a) in ascertaining the existence of an oral agreement, the court will consider
the relevant documentary evidence (such as written correspondence) and
contemporaneous conduct of the parties at the material time;

b) where possible, the court should look first at the relevant documentary
evidence;

c) the availability of relevant documentary evidence reduces the need to rely
solely on the credibility of witnesses in order to ascertain if an oral
agreement exists;

d) oral testimony may be less reliable as it is based on the witness’
recollection and it may be affected by subsequent events (such as the dispute
between the parties);

e) credible oral testimony may clarify the existing documentary evidence;

f) where the witness is not legally trained, the court should not place undue
emphasis on the choice of words; and

(g) if there is little or no documentary evidence, the court will nevertheless
examine the precise factual matrix to ascertain if there is an oral agreement
concluded between the parties.

Analysis

71 It is undisputed that Mr Kam met up with Mr Chang, Mr Yeo, Ms Tan on 24
July 2015 at Infraavest’s office. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DKAEIC, para 59.

72 Mr Kam alleged that, during the meeting, an oral agreement was reached with
Mr Chang (who acted on behalf of AIL) that he would procure APTSA to enter
into a “joint venture agreement” with PEM, PT ARI, AIL, and ARI. In exchange,
AIL would agree to release him from his liabilities under the personal
guarantees. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DKAEIC, para 59.

The other terms of the alleged oral agreement include: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DKAEIC, para 60.

(a) Mr Chang would take over control of the operations of PT ARI’s rubber
factory; and

(b) the debts of APTSA and PT ARI would be restructured so that companies
controlled by Mr Chang (which would include AIL) would be responsible for
paying off their own portions of the debts owed to APTSA and/or PT ARI, and
the other shareholders of APTSA and/or PT ARI would be responsible for paying
off the other debts of APTSA and/or PT ARI.

73 AIL’s position was that the discharge of Mr Kam’s liability under the
personal guarantees was never discussed during the meeting on 24 July 2015.
Instead, the meeting was to discuss the numbers behind the proposed investment
into PT ARI. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

MCAEIC, para 74.

It also submitted that the oral agreement “defence” was only an afterthought
as it was included in Mr Kam’s defence as an amended pleading in Defence
(Amendment No.1). 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PCS at para 104.

Documentary evidence

74 The starting point of my analysis is the Agreement itself. As stated above,
the Agreement, inter alia, provides for the discharge of Mr Kam’s personal
guarantees after certain events have taken place. These events are the payment
of dividends by APTSA to ARI, novation of PEM’s loans to ARI, and PEM’s
dissolution after settling its outstanding liabilities.

75 On the contrary, under the alleged oral agreement, all that Mr Kam was
required to do was to procure APTSA to enter into the “joint venture” before
all his liabilities under the personal guarantees would be discharged. The
fact that this discharge hinged on an entirely different condition (especially
one that was relatively simple for Mr Kam to perform qua director of APTSA) as
compared to the more onerous conditions in the written Agreement gives me the
impression that the allegation of an oral agreement is an afterthought. There
appears to me no credible explanation as to why there was a need for a lengthy
written Agreement, carrying with it entirely different conditions which would
trigger discharge of Mr Kam’s liability, if there had indeed been an oral
agreement in which liability was discharged after procuring APTSA’s
involvement. If there had been in reality an oral agreement between the
parties, I would have expected Mr Kam (or any of his representatives) to have
written to AIL soon after procuring APTSA’s involvement on 27 July 2015. But
this was not done. In the circumstances, I do not accept Mr Kam’s assertions
and find that he has not proven the existence of the oral agreement.

76 For completeness, I consider the documentary evidence that Mr Kam relied on
to support his version of events. Primarily, this is in the form of an email
sent out by Ms Tan to Mr Tin on 27 July 2015, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DKAEIC, para 61; see also DKTL, Tab 26 for a copy of the email.

three days after the meeting on 24 July 2015. The email attaches a draft copy
of the Agreement, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence in Chief (“DBAEIC”), Volume I of
II, p 278.

and contains the following clause:

“…the existing loan sits in PEM, where 100% shares are currently held in name
of [Mr Kam] on behalf of APTSA (there is a trust document in place). Since
[AIL] is responsible for its own loan, 100% shares shall be transferred to
[AIL] or its representative to hold in name on behalf of [APTSA]. The personal
guarantee given by [Mr Kam] shall also be dissolved with effect (currently
there is a back-to-back guarantee from PT ARI to [Mr Kam]” [emphasis added].

77 Given that the clause explicitly referred to the dissolution of Mr Kam’s
personal guarantees and that this email was sent merely three days after the
meeting on 24 July 2015, I find that the topic of the discharge of Mr Kam’s
liability was likely discussed during the meeting. However, on the face of the
clause, there is nothing that indicates that Mr Kam’s liabilities would be
“immediately” discharged solely in exchange for him procuring APTSA’s
involvement.

78 It is also telling that Mr Kam failed to point to any email or
correspondence between the parties after 24 July 2015 where parties explicitly
acknowledged that Mr Kam’s liabilities had been immediately discharged, save
for the email sent to Ms Tan by Ms Pang on 18 November 2015. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DKAEIC, p 660.

This email 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DKAEIC, DKTL-41, pp 659 – 664.

included a copy of Mr Kam’s first personal guarantee dated 23 September 2013,
with the word “cancelled” stamped on it. The email with the “cancelled”
guarantee attached to it is not good documentary evidence of the alleged oral
agreement. If Mr Kam genuinely believed that this act of unilateral
cancellation would dissolve the guarantees, why did the email attach only the
personal guarantee dated 23 September 2013 and not also the one dated 11 March
2014? Further, there was no follow-up by Mr Kam or any of his representatives
after 18 November 2015 confirming that the personal guarantees had been
discharged. This was yet another indication that Mr Kam never genuinely
believed that the personal guarantees had dissolved, whether on 24 July 2015
or subsequently.

79 It must also be borne in mind that the alleged oral agreement was said to
have been formed on 24 July 2015. In this regard, the correspondence
immediately following the meeting on 24 July 2015 would be particularly
illuminating on the existence of the oral agreement. The emails that were sent
out after 24 July 2015 referred to many matters which related to the “joint
venture” between the parties. For instance, the email sent out by Mr Tin to Ms
Tan on 2 September 2015 referred to PEM’s outstanding loan, the contracting
parties to the Agreement, as well as queries on when APTSA would inject the
funds into PT ARI. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, p 538.

The matter of novation was also discussed: there was an email sent out to Ms
Tan stating “…could you help us draft a simple novation agreement?”. Ms Tan
replied saying “OK, I will think about how to draft…currently have no template
so need time to think about it”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

BAEIC, Vol 2, p 656.

However, there was a noticeable absence of any discussion of Mr Kam’s personal
guarantees and their discharge on 24 July 2015 in the immediate period
thereafter. I would expect, having regard to the nature of the oral agreement
which was alleged (as well as the potential extinction of Mr Kam’s liability
under the personal guarantees), for there to be at least some subsequent
acknowledgment or correspondence between both parties on the topic of personal
guarantees.

Commercial context

80 The issue of the existence of the oral agreement should also be approached
with regard to the commercial context. I noted above that the objective of the
Agreement was for parties to rescue PT ARI from its financial problems (see at
[53]), so that it could repay its outstanding loans (which were owed through
PEM as the borrowing entity). I also held that it would have been commercially
insensible for AIL to give up its only form of security, ie, the personal
guarantees, in exchange for nothing. Similarly, it would have been illogical
for AIL to give up its only form of security simply for Mr Kam to procure
APTSA to enter the “joint venture”. In this regard, I agree with Mr Chang’s
evidence that it would be illogical for him to release his leverage over Mr
Kam in respect of PT ARI’s turnaround. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

MCAEIC, para 76.

81 In summary, I find that there was no oral agreement between AIL and Mr Kam
reached on 24 July 2015 for the “immediate” dissolution of his personal
guarantees. Both the contemporaneous documentary evidence and the commercial
context do not support its existence and are, in fact, inconsistent with it.

Issue 4: Misrepresentation and/or breach of warranties

82 AIL, in its closing submissions, claimed that Mr Kam had made the following
two misrepresentations:

(a) that PT ARI’s factory had a production capacity of 1000 tons/month; 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PSB, p 143, para 18(x)(b)(i).

and

(b) that PTI ARI had the necessary capacity to produce output of 50 containers
worth of Standard Indonesian Rubber 20;

83 In addition, AIL alleged that Mr Kam made a third misrepresentation by
omitting to mention that a US$100,000 loan was extended from PEM to Create
Asia Limited (“CAL”). 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

SDB, p 146, para 18(x)(b)(viv).

84 The first alleged misrepresentation was contained in a series of
presentation slides sent by Mr Kam on 10 June 2015 while the second was in a
verbal conversation between Mr Chang and Mr Kam sometime before the Agreement
was signed.

85 AIL also alleged that these misrepresentations constitute breach of
warranties under the Agreement, in particular Clause 1.3(f).

Misrepresentation

Defect in pleadings

86 Mr Kam raised two primary objections to AIL’s claim for misrepresentation.
First, he submitted that AIL failed to particularise the form of
misrepresentation it was relying on, ie, whether it was fraudulent, negligent
or innocent. Second, he argued that the failure to plead that it had suffered
any loss as a result of misrepresentation meant that AIL cannot claim under s
2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed). 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DRS, paras 34 and 35.

87 The failure to specify the type of misrepresentation per se does not render
a pleading defective if it is otherwise clear what the allegation is. There is
support for this in BOM v BOK and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 349 at [41].
Although AIL failed to particularise its claim, it is apparent that it was
alleging innocent misrepresentation. There is no mention of dishonesty or
fraud, or any of the elements of negligent misrepresentation, which might have
suggested a claim in fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation.

The law

88 The Court of Appeal in Lim Koon Park and another v Yap Jin Meng Bryan and
another [2013] 4 SLR 150 (“Lim Koon Park”) stated the relevant legal
principles in relation to an actionable misrepresentation:

(a) an operative misrepresentation is a false statement of existing or past
fact made by one party before or at the time of making the contract, which is
addressed to the other party and which induces the other party to enter into
the contract (at [38]);

(b) section 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act does not alter the common law as
to what constitutes a misrepresentation but reverses the burden of proof so
that the party who made the representation has to show reasonable grounds to
believe that the fact represented was true (at [39]);

(c) the presumption of reliance is that if the representation is material, the
onus would lie on the representor to show the representee’s lack of reliance
(at [52]); and

(d) the presumption is not a legal presumption but is a presumption of fact
and may be rebutted by counter-evidence (at [53]); and

(e) the presumption of reliance is not mandatory but optional and a court may
choose to apply the presumption, depending on the factual matrix (at [54]).

Production capacity of 1000 tons a month

89 The first statement made by Mr Kam was that the Aceh factory had a
production capacity of 1000 tons/month.

90 According to Mr Kam, the production capacity refers to “what the equipment
or machines in the entire production line put together is purportedly capable
of at peak efficiency”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DKAEIC, para 127.

In other words, the reference to production is to future capacity and not
actual capacity at the time the statement was made. In Mr Kam’s view, this was
also supported by the fact that the presentation slides were accompanied by a
proposal on how PT ARI could increase production to 1000 tons/month. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

MCAEIC, para 131.

91 AIL, in its written submissions, did not challenge Mr Kam’s position that
his representation was as to the factory’s future capacity. Neither did it do
so in cross-examination. Instead, AIL adopted the position that the operative
representation made by Mr Kam was that “only the sum of USD 123,538.46 …was
needed … to increase capacity of the Rubber Processing Plant”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PCS, para 115.

In other words, the representation was that the rubber factory would be able
to produce 1000 tons/month so long as Mr Kam received the stated sum of money.
Unfortunately for AIL, this is not contained in its pleadings. There is no
reference to any representation made by Mr Kam that he would ensure that the
factory would produce 1000 tons per month on the condition that AIL provided
specified sums of money. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PSB, pp 143 – 144.

92 All that AIL has pleaded is that “[Mr Kam] represented to AIL and in
consideration of his doing so warranted that: …PT ARI’s rubber processing
plant had a conservative production capacity of at [sic] 1,000 tons per
month…”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Reply Amendment (No.3), p 20.

93 AIL is bound by its pleadings. The burden rests on AIL to prove the falsity
of Mr Kam’s representation on the basis of its pleaded case. As AIL adduced no
evidence to show that PT ARI was incapable of producing 1000 tons/month, I
find that AIL has not proven the falsity of the representation.

50 containers of Indonesian Rubber 20

94 Although AIL stated in its written submissions that Mr Kam had made a
representation that the rubber plant had the necessary capacity to produce 50
containers worth of Standard Indonesian Rubber 20, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PCS, para 110.

this was not adequately pleaded.

95 AIL pleaded as follows: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PSB at pp 143-144.

(x)(b)(i) [Mr Kam] represented to [AIL] and in consideration of his doing so
warranted that:

a. PT ARI’s rubber processing plant had a conservative production capacity of
at [least] 1,000 tons per month.

(x)(b)(ii) The said representations and/or warranties were made by and/or are
to be inferred from:

a. [Mr Kam] had sent presentation slides sent to [AIL] by email on 10 June
2015, which inter alia contained the following statements:

“Production Capacity

Our lines are rated at 3 tons/hour (could exceed assumptions)

Conservatively assuming we operate at 2.5 tons/hour

Conservative production would be at least 1,000 tons/months i.e. 12,000
tons/year”.

b. Sometime before parties executed the Agreement, [Mr Kam] had verbally
represented to the [Mr Chang] of AIL that PT ARI’s factory facilities had the
necessary capacities to produce output of 50 containers worth of Standard
Indonesian Rubber 20 (SIR 20, equivalent to TSR 20).

[emphasis added]

96 The verbal representation allegedly made by Mr Kam to Mr Chang regarding
the factory’s capacity to produce 50 containers of Standard Indonesian Rubber
20 was only a representation from which the representation that “PT ARI’s
rubber processing plant had a conservative production capacity of at least
1,000 tons per month” was to be inferred from. It was not a separate
representation in AIL’s claim for misrepresentation. There is only one
representation founding AIL’s claim for misrepresentation in paragraphs
5(x)(b)(i) and 5(x)(b)(ii), and I have already dealt with this above at
[89]–[93].

Omission to mention the CAL loan

97 Mr Kam stated in his affidavit that the sum of US$100,000 which was
provided by AIL to PEM was loaned to a company known as Create Asia Limited
(“CAL”). 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

MCAEIC, para 20.

AIL claimed that it only found out that the US$1,000,000 loan sum was not
entirely transferred from PEM to PT ARI sometime in January 2016. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

MCAEIC, para 20.

98 Even if I accept that the omission constitutes a false representation of
fact, AIL’s claim fails. There is no evidence in the affidavits of Mr Chang or
Mr Tin from which I can infer that AIL would not have entered into the
Agreement if Mr Kam had not omitted to mention the CAL loan. This is not an
instance where it is possible to apply a presumption of reliance as a
“commonsense inference” (Lim Koon Park at [54]). On the contrary, the evidence
shows that AIL had compelling commercial reasons for entering into the
Agreement, in particular to secure repayment of the substantial sums owed to
it, and would have entered into the Agreement even if it had known about the
CAL loan. As inducement has not been proved, I dismiss AIL’s claim.

99 For the above reasons, I dismiss all of AIL’s claims in misrepresentation.

Breach of warranties

100 AIL relied on Clauses 1.3, 1.3(f), 11, and the Appendix in the Agreement
in its claim for breach of warranties. They read as follows: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

MCAEIC, MC-1, pp 137 – 138.

1.3 The following representations and warranties are made and given by [APTSA]
to ARI and expressly survive the closing of this agreement. The
representations are true as of the date of this agreement and will be true as
of the date of closing when they shall continue as warranties according to
their terms. At the option of ARI, the representations and warranties may be
treated as conditions of the closing of this agreement in favour of ARI.
However, the closing of this agreement shall not operate as a waiver or
otherwise result in a merger to deprive ARI of the right to sue the Company
for breach of warranty in respect of any matter warranted, whether or not
ascertained by ARI prior to closing:

(f) [APTSA] has made full and fair disclosure in all material respects of any
matter that could reasonably be expected to affect ARI’s decision to purchase
the Shares on the terms set out in this agreement.

11\. All amendments, deletions or additions to this Agreement must be in
writing and signed by both Parties. [Mr Kam] and [Mr Yeo] shall warranty that
the Group’s financial statements are fairly disclosed to ARI and the
completeness of legal licenses are sufficient and appropriate to manufacture
and export SIR20.

APPENDIX

The existing directors of [APTSA] warrant the accuracy of the following
statements and documents and that they are true and accurate.

…

4) The detailed info provided in Appendix “Loan Status”

5) The detailed info provided in Appendix “Financial statements”

101 AIL’s allegation of breach pursuant to Clause 1.3(f) of the Agreement is
unsustainable. Clause 1.3(f) clearly states that the obligation is for APTSA
to make “full and fair disclosure”, not Mr Kam. AIL did not suggest that this
clause could be interpreted to include Mr Kam owing a duty of “full and frank
disclosure”. As Mr Kam owes no duty of full and frank disclosure pursuant to
Clause 1.3(f), he could not possibly have committed a breach of warranty under
the said provision.

102 Equally unsustainable is AIL’s claim for breach pursuant to Clause 11 of
the Agreement. The clause provides that Mr Kam shall warrant that the Group’s
(ie, PEM, PT ARI and APTSA) financial statements are fairly disclosed to ARI.
In its submissions, AIL failed to cite evidence that the Group’s financial
statements were not disclosed to ARI. Also, AIL did not cross-examine Mr Kam
on his alleged failure to fairly disclose the Group’s financial statements to
ARI. Given that there is no evidence of a failure to disclose matters to ARI,
I find that Mr Kam did not breach Clause 11.

103 The preamble to the Appendix provides that Mr Kam shall warrant the
accuracy of the “…detailed info provided in Appendix ‘Loan Status’” and
“…detailed info provided in Appendix ‘Financial statements’”. Unfortunately
for AIL, it failed to raise anything in the evidence which was false vis-à-vis
the “detailed info” provided in the parts titled “Loan Status” or “Financial
Statements” under the Appendix. AIL’s main argument in support of its claim
for breach of warranty was premised on Mr Kam’s failure to disclose certain
loan agreements involving PEM. Ultimately, this had to be tied explicitly to
some information which was contained in the parts titled “Loan Status” and
“Financial Statements” in the Appendix. AIL failed to do this. In the
premises, there is no evidence that Mr Kam breached the term in the Appendix.

Issue 5: Promissory Estoppel

104 Mr Kam relied on three representations made by AIL in support of his
estoppel argument:

(a) First, Clause 4 of the Agreement accompanied by ARI’s subsequent action of
disbursing US$320,000 to PEM. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DCS, para 146.

(b) Second, Clause 5(e) which states that “the personal guarantee given by [Mr
Kam] shall also be dissolved with immediate effect”.

(c) Third, “silence or inaction” 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DCS, p 45.

when AIL failed to demand repayment despite PEM failing to repay the
outstanding loan sums. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DCS, para 148.

The law

105 The relevant law may briefly be summarised as follows:

(a) The doctrine of promissory estoppel requires an unequivocal representation
by one party that he will not insist upon his legal rights against the other
party, and such reliance by the representee will render it inequitable for the
representor to go back upon his representation: Audi Construction Pte Ltd v
Kian Hiap Construction Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 317 (“Audi Construction”) at [57].

(b) The determination of whether the representations are “clear and
unequivocal” is an objective question to be considered in the particular
context of each case: Neo Hui Ling v Ang Ah Sew [2012] SGHC 65 at [54]. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DBOA, Tab 11.

(c) Mere silence or inaction will not normally amount to an unequivocal
representation: Audi Construction at [58]. However, “in certain circumstances,
particularly where there is a duty to speak, mere silence may amount to [such]
a representation”.

(d) Whether there is a duty to speak is a question which must be decided
having regard to the facts of the case at hand and the relevant legal context.
The “duty to speak” does not refer to a legal duty as such but to
circumstances in which a failure to speak would lead a reasonable party to
think that the other party has elected between two inconsistent rights or will
forbear to enforce a particular right in the future: Audi Construction at
[61].

(e) For a “duty to speak” to arise, it must be shown, at least, that the
silent party knew that the party seeking to raise the estoppel was in fact
acting or proceeding with its course of conduct on the basis of the mistaken
belief which the former is said to have acquiesced: The “Bunga Melati 5”
[2016] 2 SLR 1114 at [17].

The first representation

106 Clause 4 of the Agreement reads as follows:

a) ARI shall inject USD 750,000 via convertible loan into [APTSA]. The
USD750,000 loan shall be converted into 82,274.85 of shares at USD9.1157869
each, this shall acquire for a 70% equity stake in [APTSA] (referring to
Participating Shares). This shall be by way of new issuance of Participating
Shares in [APTSA].

b) The convertible loan injection shall be in tranches, likely to be in four
(4) tranches, to be decided at the discretion of ARI.

c) ARI reserves the right to terminate the turnaround plan should it not work
out.

d) Further to the injection of USD 750,000.00, in the circumstance that the
business requires additional funding, [APTSA] shall raise additional capital
by way of new issuance of participating shares. All participating shareholders
shall be invited to participate in the additional raise in accordance to pro-
rated % of shareholding, and if participating shareholders are not willing to
inject additional funds in accordance to pro-rated % of shareholding, their
respective shareholding shall be diluted from the new issuance event. As a
note, ARI is willing to inject up to USD 250,000.00.

107 In my view, there is nothing in Clause 4 which contains a “clear and
unequivocal” representation that Mr Kam’s liability as a guarantor will be
discharged. Clause 4 simply describes part of the turnaround plan which was
intended by both parties to rescue PT ARI from financial trouble. The
significant part of the turnaround plan described here is the injection of
US$750,000 into APTSA in the form of a “convertible loan”. Mr Kam also pointed
to the fact that there was a subsequent disbursement of US$320,000 from ARI to
PEM after the Agreement was signed. I take him to be saying that this was an
implied representation that AIL would no longer call on the personal
guarantees given by Mr Kam. Far from carrying this implication, I find that
ARI’s disbursement of US$320,000 simply shows that it had sincerely intended
to satisfy its obligations under the Agreement. In any case, I see no logical
reason why ARI’s disbursement of money to PEM would mean that AIL was
representing that it would no longer call on Mr Kam’s personal guarantees.

The second representation

108 Clause 5(e) of the Agreement contains the term, “(t)he personal guarantee
given by [Mr Kam] shall also be dissolved with immediate effect”. I have
already determined that the phrase “immediate effect” cannot be interpreted to
mean the personal guarantees are discharged on the date on which the Agreement
was signed. Given this interpretation, Clause 5(e) is not a “clear and
unequivocal” representation that Mr Kam’s guarantees will be discharged as of
the date of the signing of the Agreement.

The third representation

109 Mr Kam submitted that AIL’s failure to demand repayment also constituted a
“clear and unequivocal representation” from AIL that his guarantees would be
discharged on the date the Agreement was signed. He relied on the following
strands of evidence.

110 First, that Mr Chang possessed the knowledge that the parties to the
Agreement proceeded with the investment in PT ARI in the belief that the two
loan agreements would be restructured and that he would be released from the
personal guarantees. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

BAEIC Vol 2, p 648.

Second, both Mr Chang and Mr Tin requested for an update to be made to the
APTSA investors, whereupon they were informed that Mr Chang would “take over
the responsibility of the USD1,000,000 debt plus interest which he had
previously lent” 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Reply (Amendment No.3), p 48.

APTSA for the PT ARI rubber factory. Third, AIL did not demand repayment for
the two loan agreements from the time the Agreement was entered into.

111 In order for AIL’s failure to demand repayment (or silence) to constitute
an unequivocal representation, Mr Kam must show, on the basis of the evidence
which he presented, that AIL had a duty to speak. This is one of the
requirements set out by the Court of Appeal in Audi Construction at [61]. At
the very least, Mr Kam must demonstrate that AIL had the knowledge that he was
proceeding with his course of conduct on the basis of a mistaken belief, ie,
that AIL would not call on the personal guarantees. Unfortunately for Mr Kam,
he failed to present any evidence from which I could infer such knowledge. Mr
Chang’s request for an update from the APTSA investors is likewise equivocal,
and something which any reasonable investor would do in the circumstances.
There is no reason why Mr Kam would perceive this request for an update as a
representation that his personal guarantees would be discharged.

112 I therefore dismiss all of Mr Kam’s allegations of estoppel.

Conclusion

113 For the above reasons, I allow AIL’s claim under the contracts of personal
guarantee but dismiss its claims for misrepresentation and breach of
warranties.

114 I will hear counsel on the question of costs.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judicial Commissioner

Mathiew Christophe Rajoo and Gerard Nicholas (DennisMathiew) for the
plaintiff;  
Tham Wei Chern, Chuah Hui Fen Christine and Shirlene Leong Hong Mei (Fullerton
Law Chambers LLC) for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

