Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGCA 9

Criminal Appeal No 15 of 2017

Between

Zamri bin Mohd Tahir  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Zamri bin Mohd Tahir

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2019] SGCA 9

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 15 of 2017  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Judith Prakash JA and Tay Yong Kwang JA  
22 January 2019

11 February 2019

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The appellant was convicted in the High Court of one charge of having in his
possession, for the purpose of trafficking, not less than 40.37g of
diamorphine. The Judicial Commissioner (“the Judge”) who heard the matter,
held that the alternative sentencing regime (“the courier exception”) under s
33B(1)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) was
unavailable to the appellant because he had not proven that his involvement in
the offence in question was restricted to the acts enumerated in s 33B(2)(a)
of the MDA (which we shall, for convenience, refer to as the acts of a
“courier”), and, further and in any case, because the Public Prosecutor had
indicated that he would not issue a certificate of substantive assistance. The
Judge accordingly sentenced the appellant to the mandatory death penalty.

2 The appellant appealed against both his conviction and sentence and the
matter was fixed for hearing on 9 July 2018. The hearing was subsequently
adjourned to enable the Public Prosecutor to consider afresh whether he would
issue a certificate of substantive assistance in light of further information
which the appellant furnished in a statement recorded on 26 June 2018. On 29
November 2018, the Public Prosecutor confirmed that his decision not to issue
a certificate remained unchanged.

3 When the matter came before us for hearing on 22 January 2019, Mr Eugene
Thuraisingam, counsel for the appellant, indicated that in the light of the
Public Prosecutor’s position, the appellant accepted that he would not qualify
to be considered for the alternative sentencing regime under s 33B(1)(a) of
the MDA. This was so because it would be necessary for the appellant to
establish both the requirements that are referred to there, namely that the
appellant had acted only as a courier in relation to the offence in question,
and also that he had been issued a certificate of substantive assistance. Mr
Thuraisingam also indicated that he had nothing further to put before us in
respect of his appeal.

4 Having reviewed the evidence and the parties’ submissions, we were satisfied
that the conviction was well-founded; in particular, the elements of
possession, knowledge, and proof that possession of the drug was for the
purpose of trafficking were made out, and there was no reason for us to
disturb the Judge’s findings in that regard. Nor was there any basis for us to
interfere with the mandatory sentence imposed by the Judge given the Public
Prosecutor’s decision not to issue a certificate of substantive assistance.
For these reasons, we dismissed the appeal against conviction and sentence.

5 That said, we disagreed with the Judge’s finding that the appellant was not
a courier, and, more fundamentally, with his approach to applying the courier
exception in circumstances where the offender’s intention in relation to the
drugs was simply to do as instructed, and where no instructions had been given
by the time of his arrest. While this would not affect the outcome of the
present appeal, in light of the Public Prosecutor’s decision not to issue a
certificate of substantive assistance (which in and of itself forecloses any
possibility of recourse to the alternative sentencing regime), we nevertheless
considered it appropriate to state our views on the Judge’s reasoning and his
finding that the appellant was not a courier in circumstances where, on the
evidence, the appellant’s intended course of action in relation to the drugs
which form the subject matter of the charge was at most, inchoate. In short,
the most that could be said on the evidence was that at the time of his
arrest, the appellant had no idea what he would in fact do with the drugs
after he had collected them.

Background

6 The relevant facts may be set out briefly. On 14 October 2014, the appellant
was arrested as he was trying to exit a Housing Development Board carpark in a
van almost immediately after collecting five black bundles of granular
substance. These five bundles were later analysed and found to contain not
less than 40.37g of diamorphine (“the Fourth Consignment”). Drug paraphernalia
used for repacking drugs were also seized from the appellant at the time of
his arrest.

7 In his statements, the appellant gave evidence that he had dealt with three
previous consignments for one “Abang” prior to his arrest. On the first two
occasions (“the First and Second Consignments”), Abang had instructed the
appellant merely to deliver those consignments to other persons. It is not in
dispute that on those occasions, the appellant did no more than act as a
courier. However, after the completion of the second delivery, Abang arranged
for the appellant to receive drug paraphernalia that was to be used for
repacking drugs. For the Third Consignment, Abang instructed the appellant to
repack the drugs for distribution, and the appellant did as instructed. The
appellant was arrested after he collected the Fourth Consignment.

8 It was undisputed that if the appellant had repacked the drugs in the Fourth
Consignment (as he had done in respect of the Third Consignment), his actions
would have gone beyond those of a mere courier. This followed from our
decision in Zainudin bin Mohamed v Public Prosecutor [2018] 1 SLR 449, in
which we held that where the act of division and packing was not merely a
preparatory step to deliver but an antecedent step to facilitating
distribution to more than one recipient, such an act would not fall within the
scope of s 33B(2)(a)(iii) of the MDA (at [101]).

9 It was also undisputed that at the point of the appellant’s arrest, he had
done nothing more than to collect and transport the drugs, because he had been
arrested almost immediately thereafter. Further, he had not in fact received
any instructions from Abang as to what he was to do with the drugs.

10 As to what the appellant had intended to do with the drugs, his unequivocal
evidence was that he had intended to do whatever he might have been instructed
by Abang to do. The appellant confirmed, on multiple occasions, that if Abang
had instructed him to repack the drugs, he would have done so. Equally, if
Abang had simply told him to deliver the drugs to someone else, he would have
done that.

(a) The appellant first said this in his contemporaneous statement recorded on
14 October 2014:

Q11 What will you do with the five bundles?

A11 See what instruction from my boss, Abang. Sometimes he asked to send,
sometimes asked to pack.

(b) The appellant confirmed this in cross-examination:

Q: But you knew that for sure, the heroin was meant to be delivered to
somebody else. Yes.

A: Correct.

Q: And that was regardless of whether it was meant to be divided or delivered
as five bundles.

A: Yes.

Q: Yes. Okay. Thank you, Mr Zamri. And in the event Abang told you to divide
up the five bundles of heroin into smaller Ziploc bags or---yes, into smaller
Ziploc bags, then you would have proceeded to do so. Is that correct? Assuming
you never got arrested.

A: If he told me or instructed me, yes, I would do that.

[emphasis added]

11 The fact remained however that:

(a) No instructions had in fact been given by Abang to the appellant at the
time of his arrest; and

(b) No evidence could be or was led as to what such instructions would, in
fact, have been.

The decision below

12 Following from the appellant’s evidence that he would have done as
instructed, the Judge took the view that the issue of whether the accused was
a mere courier “reduced itself to the question of what Abang would have asked
the accused to do” (Grounds of Decision (“GD”) at [19]).

13 On this basis, the Judge held that the appellant had to prove on a balance
of probabilities that it was more likely than not that Abang would have
instructed him to deliver the Fourth Consignment without repacking it. Since
the evidence as to what Abang might have instructed the appellant to do was
“indeterminate” and “equivocal” (GD at [31]), the appellant had failed to
discharge his burden of proof and was therefore held not to have fulfilled the
conditions in s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA.

Our decision

14 As we have already noted, we were satisfied on the evidence that the
conviction was sound. Instead, the focus of the proceedings below and on
appeal was on sentence; specifically, whether the alternative sentencing
regime under s 33B of the MDA was available to the appellant. Section 33B
provides as follows:

Discretion of court not to impose sentence of death in certain circumstances

33B.—(1) Where a person commits or attempts to commit an offence under section
5(1) or 7, being an offence punishable with death under the sixth column of
the Second Schedule, and he is convicted thereof, the court —

(a) may, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (2), instead
of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for life
and, if the person is sentenced to life imprisonment, he shall also be
sentenced to caning of not less than 15 strokes …

…

(2) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(a) are as follows:

(a) the person convicted proves, on a balance of probabilities, that his
involvement in the offence under section 5(1) or 7 was restricted —

(i) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(ii) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(iii) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(iv) to any combination of activities in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii);
and

(b) the Public Prosecutor certifies to any court that, in his determination,
the person has substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in
disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore.

15 While we accept that the burden of proof under s 33B(2)(a) is on the
accused, in our judgment, the Judge, with respect, erred when he framed the
relevant issue in terms of whether the appellant could prove that Abang would
not have instructed the appellant to repack the drugs. The focus of the
inquiry required by s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA is on the accused’s acts in
relation to the particular consignment of drugs which form the subject matter
of the charge against him. Had he kept that focus, he might have realised, for
reasons we elaborate on momentarily, that the appellant’s intentions at the
relevant time were inchoate in the sense that they depended entirely on what
someone else might decide or do at a point in time when no such decision or
action had been made or taken.

16 In the present case, on the evidence before the court, it was, in truth,
unknown and unknowable what the accused would have done after he had taken
delivery of the drugs. As we have just noted, the appellant’s subsequent
actions depended entirely on the decision and intentions of Abang, who was not
before the court. Nor was there any basis for finding what Abang’s intentions
or decision would have been having regard to the preceding interactions
between the parties. If the circumstances were such that the appellant
eventually received the instructions of Abang, those instructions could have
been either to deliver the bundles as they were or to repack them. There was
just no basis at all, on the evidence in this case, for the court to make a
finding as to what those instructions would on a balance of probabilities have
been, making the inquiry into that question inappropriate in the
circumstances. The appellant said he would do as instructed, and if he had
been instructed to deliver the drugs and nothing more, then had he adhered to
those instructions, he would have acted as a courier. This analysis does not
change even if, subjectively, he was willing to do more had he been asked to
do more. In the absence of evidence that he had in fact already resolved to do
more, even in the absence of any further instructions, or that he was
committed to doing more, unless he was otherwise instructed, there was simply
no basis to find that he was not a courier.

17 We accept that in many instances where the accused is arrested before he
has been able to deal with the drugs, the court may nevertheless infer that
his role was to do more such that he should not be found to be a courier. This
would be the case, for instance, where the accused has already been instructed
or engaged, or is otherwise already committed and resolved to do other things
such as to divide and pack the drugs. But this will only be so where the
evidence allows the court to find that he would have gone on to do such acts
but for his arrest. Thus, in Public Prosecutor v Ranjit Singh Gill Menjeet
Singh and another [2017] 3 SLR 66 (“Ranjit Singh”), the High Court found that
the accused was no mere courier on the basis of his admission under cross-
examination that he “was going to use that paraphernalia to repackage the
heroin in the Robinsons bag before delivering it” (at [63]), even though at
the time of his arrest he had not yet divided and packed any drugs.

18 We further note, from the reasoning of the court in Ranjit Singh at
[63]–[66], that having found that the accused was going to repack the drugs as
aforesaid, the remaining issue on which attention was then focused was the
purposes for which such repacking was to be undertaken. On the evidence, the
judge found at [64] that the role of the accused person in the operation was
to weigh and repack the drugs into smaller packets weighing between 7.7g and
7.9g in order to facilitate “distribution or sale” (emphasis in original), and
not to enable the drugs to be transported.

19 The important point is that in Ranjit Singh, the court had been able to
conclude on the evidence that the accused had resolved to divide and repack
the drugs. This was simply not the case on the present facts. Here, the only
conclusion supportable on the evidence was that the appellant intended to do
as he was told. In the absence of any evidence that the appellant had already
been instructed to repack the drugs, or had a particular role in the operation
which committed him to doing so unless otherwise instructed, it could not be
said that the appellant had in fact done or was committed to doing anything
that would take him outside the ambit of s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA.

Conclusion

20 For these reasons, we consider that the Judge erred in finding that the
accused was not a courier. However, for the reasons we have already explained,
this does not affect the outcome of the appeal in this case, which we
accordingly dismissed.

Sundaresh Menon Judith Prakash Tay Yong Kwang  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Eugene Thuraisingam (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) and Ho Thiam Huat (T H Ho Law
Chambers) for the appellant;  
April Phang and Zhou Yihong (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

**Zamri Bin Mohd Tahir v Public Prosecutor [2019] SGCA 9**

11 February 2019

**Case summary**

Zamri Bin Mohd Tahir v Public Prosecutor [2019] SGCA 9

Criminal Appeal No 15 of 2017

**Decision of the Court of Appeal (delivered by Sundaresh Menon CJ):**

Outcome: CoA affirms HC decision to convict the appellant on a charge of
possession of diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking and to impose the
mandatory death sentence; while CoA found that the appellant had acted as a
mere courier, he had not been issued a certificate of substantive assistance,
and accordingly the HC decision to impose the mandatory death sentence was
upheld.

**Background to the appeal**

1 The appellant, Zamri Bin Mohd Tahir was convicted in the High Court of
having in his possession, for the purpose of trafficking, not less than 40.37g
of diamorphine, and was sentenced to death. The appellant appealed against his
conviction and the sentence imposed.

**The material facts**

****2 On 14 October 2014, the appellant was arrested almost immediately after
collecting five bundles of granular substance which were analysed and found to
contain not less than 40.37g of diamorphine (“the Drugs”). In his statements,
the appellant said that he had been awaiting instructions from his boss on
whether he should divide and repack the Drugs, or if he should simply deliver
it to other persons. At the time of his arrest, the appellant had not received
any such instructions as to what he should do with the Drugs.

3 The appellant did not dispute the elements of the charge; he accepted that
he had been in possession of the Drugs, that he had known that the Drugs were
diamorphine, and that the Drugs were ultimately meant to be delivered to other
person(s). The appellant’s sole contention on appeal was that he qualified to
be sentenced under the alternative sentencing regime under s 33B(1)(_a_) of
the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). This required that the
appellant establish two requirements: first, that his involvement in the
offence had been limited to the acts enumerated in s 33B(2)(_a_) of the MDA
(_ie_ , that he had acted as a mere courier); and, second, that he had been
issued a certificate of substantive assistance.

4 On 29 November 2018, the Public Prosecutor confirmed that his decision not
to issue a certificate of substantive assistance to the Appellant remained
unchanged.

**Decision on appeal**

5 The Court of Appeal dismissed the appellant’s appeal against conviction and
sentence.

6 In respect of the appellant’s conviction, the Court of Appeal was satisfied
on the evidence that the conviction was well-founded (at [14]).

7 In respect of availability of the alternative sentencing regime, the Court
of Appeal noted that the Public Prosecutor’s decision not to grant a
certificate of substantive assistance in and of itself foreclosed any
possibility of recourse to the alternative sentencing regime under s
33B(1)(_a_) of the MDA (at [5]). The appeal against sentence was accordingly
dismissed.

8 Nevertheless, the Court of Appeal concluded that the trial judge erred in
finding that the appellant was not a mere courier (at [15]). The Court of
Appeal noted that: (i) the appellant, at the time of his arrest, had done
nothing more than to collect and transport the Drugs, (ii) the appellant’s
unchallenged evidence had been that he intended to deal with the Drugs as
instructed by his boss, (iii) no such instructions had in fact been given to
the appellant at the time of his arrest, and (iv) no evidence could be or was
led as to what such instructions would have been. In the circumstances, it
could not be said that the appellant had in fact done or had committed to
doing anything that would take him outside the ambit of the acts listed in s
33B(2)(_a_) of the MDA (at [16]–[17], [19]). However, it was emphasised that
this did not affect the outcome of the appeal given the Public Prosecutor’s
decision not to grant a certificate of substantive assistance.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

