Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 101

Suit No 233 of 2018  
(Summons No 2030 of 2018)

Between

(1)| EQ Capital Investments Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Sunbreeze Group Investments Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Manoj Mohan Murjani  
(3)| Kanchan Manoj Murjani  
(4)| The Wellness Group Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants  

And

(1)| Sunbreeze Group Investments Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Manoj Mohan Murjani  
(3)| Kanchan Manoj Murjani  
  
… Plaintiffs in Counterclaim

And

(1)| EQ Capital Investments Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Ron Sim Chye Hock  
  
… Defendants in Counterclaim

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Striking out of counterclaim]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
EQ Capital Investments Ltd

  

v

  

Sunbreeze Group Investments Ltd and others

[2019] SGHC 101

High Court — Suit No 233 of 2018 (Summons No 2030 of 2018)  
Chua Lee Ming J  
18 July 2018

22 April 2019

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, EQ Capital Investments Ltd (“EQ Capital”), brought this
action for minority oppression pursuant to s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) against the first defendant, Sunbreeze Group
Investments Limited (“Sunbreeze”), the second defendant, Mr Manoj Mohan
Murjani (“Manoj”), and the third defendant, Kanchan Manoj Murjani (“Kanchan”).
The fourth defendant, The Wellness Group Pte Ltd (“Wellness”), is the company
whose affairs are the subject of these proceedings.

2 Sunbreeze is the majority shareholder (80.62%) of Wellness. Manoj was the
former chief executive officer and is a director and a shareholder of
Sunbreeze. Kanchan is Manoj’s wife and was formerly a director and shareholder
of Sunbreeze. Both Manoj and Kanchan are also directors of Wellness.

3 Sunbreeze, Manoj and Kanchan brought a counterclaim against EQ Capital and
Mr Ron Sim Chye Hock (“Ron Sim”), for conspiracy and/or the tort of abuse of
process. Ron Sim is the ultimate sole beneficial owner of EQ Capital.

4 On 18 July 2018, I granted the application by EQ Capital and Ron Sim in
Summons No 2030 of 2018 and struck out the counterclaim. Sunbreeze, Manoj and
Kanchan have appealed against my decision. In these grounds of decision, I
will refer to Sunbreeze, Manoj and Kanchan, together, as the “3 Defendants”.

Background

5 On 8 October 2010, EQ Capital signed a subscription agreement with Wellness
and on 15 October 2010, EQ Capital acquired a 7.55% stake in Wellness for
US$4.5m, pursuant to the subscription Agreement. Apart from Sunbreeze, the
other shareholders of Wellness were, and are, Vickers Private Equity Fund VII
LP (“Vickers Private Equity”) (1.41%) and Vickers Venture Fund II LP (“Vickers
Venture”) (10.42%).

6 At the time when EQ Capital became a shareholder of Wellness, Wellness held
84.7% of a company called TWG Tea Company Pte Ltd (“TWG Tea”) which was in the
business of producing and selling fine luxury teas. The other shareholder of
TWG Tea then was Paris Investment Pte Ltd (“Paris”).

7 On 18 March 2011, OSIM International Ltd (“OSIM”), Wellness and Paris signed
a Sale and Purchase Agreement (“the OSIM SPA”) pursuant to which OSIM bought a
35% stake in TWG Tea from Wellness and Paris. On the same day, Wellness, OSIM,
Paris and TWG Tea signed a Shareholders’ Agreement (“the SHA”).

8 Clause 4.5 of the OSIM SPA (“the Profit Swing Clause”) provided for the
shareholding of Wellness and Paris to be diluted in favour of OSIM, or for the
shareholding of OSIM to be diluted in favour of Wellness and Paris, depending
on TWG Tea’s audited net profit- before-tax (“PBT”) for its financial year
ending 31 March 2013 (“FY2013”). In brief, clause 4.5 was intended to operate
as follows:

(a) for every S$1m that the PBT for FY2013 fell below S$17m, Wellness and
Paris would together have to transfer 1% of TWG Tea shares to OSIM, up to a
maximum of 10%, at a nominal price of S$1;

(b) conversely, for every S$1m that the PBT for FY2013 exceeded S$27m, OSIM
would have to transfer 1% of TWG Tea shares to Wellness and Paris, up to a
maximum of 10%, at a nominal price of S$1; and

(c) if the PBT for FY2013 fell between S$17m and S$27m, there would be no
adjustment.

The Profit Swing Clause was based broadly on profit projections for TWG Tea
that Manoj presented during negotiations with OSIM which led to the OSIM SPA.

9 As it turned out the Profit Swing Clause was triggered in OSIM’s favour and
OSIM acquired an additional combined total of 10% of TWG Tea shares from
Wellness and Paris for a nominal consideration of S$1 to each of them. As a
result, OSIM held 45%, Wellness held 46.3% and Paris held 8.7% of the shares
in TWG Tea.

10 In October 2013, OSIM purchased all the shares in Paris and became the sole
shareholder of Paris. With this acquisition, OSIM took control over 53.7% of
the shares in TWG Tea.

11 At an extraordinary general meeting held on 17 December 2013, the
shareholders of TWG Tea approved a rights issue of up to 77,000 new shares in
TWG Tea at S$325 per share to the existing shareholders in proportion to their
shareholdings as at 25 November 2013 (“the Rights Issue”). Wellness did not
accept the new shares allocated to it pursuant to the Right Issue. On 18
January 2014, OSIM and Paris together subscribed for the entire 77,000 shares
in the Rights Issue. Thereafter, OSIM held 58.6%, Paris held 11.3% and
Wellness held 30.1% of the shares in TWG Tea.

Suit No 187 of 2014

12 On 17 February 2014, Wellness and Manoj commenced action in Suit No 187 of
2014 (“S187/2014”) against OSIM, Ron Sim and three other directors of TWG Tea.
Wellness’s claim was for minority oppression, conspiracy to injure and breach
of contract. Manoj’s claim was for conspiracy to injure and is not relevant to
the present case.

13 S187/2014 was tried together with another action, Suit No 545 of 2014
(“S545/2014”). S545/2014 was a claim for defamation and was not relevant to
the present case.

14 I heard the trial in S187/2014 and dismissed the claim in its entirety: see
The Wellness Group Pte Ltd and another v OSIM International Ltd and others and
another suit [2016] 3 SLR 729. Wellness’ appeal against my decision was
dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 25 October 2016.

Suit No 17 of 2017

15 On 10 January 2017, EQ Capital commenced a minority oppression action in
Suit No 17 of 2017 (“S17/2017”) against Sunbreeze, Manoj and Kanchan in
relation to the conduct of the affairs of Wellness. EQ Capital’s allegations
included the following:

(a) Manoj and Kanchan caused Wellness not to convene any annual general
meetings, annual audited accounts, prepare any annual audited accounts or lay
such accounts before shareholders, send to EQ Capital any financial statements
or auditors’ reports of Wellness, and file any annual returns.

(b) Manoj exposed Wellness to a dilution of its asset (ie, its shareholding in
TWG Tea) by using profit projections for TWG Tea in his presentation to OSIM
although he knew these projections were unreliable. The Profit Swing Clause
(which was eventually triggered in favour of OSIM) was based on these
projections. In S187/2014, I had found that the projections were unreliable
and that Manoj knew this fact.

(c) After Manoj resigned as director of TWG Tea on 28 September 2012, Manoj
and Kanchan, as directors of Wellness, chose not to exercise Wellness’ right
under the SHA to appoint another person as director to the board of TWG Tea
and thereby failed to protect Wellness’ interests in TWG Tea.

(d) Sunbreeze and/or Manoj and/or Kanchan exposed Wellness to a further
dilution by not subscribing to the Rights Issue and instead challenged the
Rights Issue on grounds which Manoj and/or Kanchan did not have any bona fide
belief in. In S187/2014, I had found that the decision to have the Rights
Issue had been made in good faith and for commercial reasons. Manoj had also
testified in S187/2014 that Wellness could have raised the money to subscribe
to the Rights Issue.

(e) Manoj and Kanchan caused Wellness to bring S187/2014 against OSIM, Paris
and the directors of TWG Tea, and the appeal against the decision in
S187/2014, thereby causing Wellness to incur legal fees and exposing Wellness
to the costs order that was made against it in both S187/2014 and the appeal.

16 On 6 February 2017, the 3 Defendants commenced third party proceedings
against Ron Sim in S17/2017 for indemnity or contribution in respect of EQ
Capital’s claim against them. The basis for the third party proceedings was
essentially the same as the allegations raised in the 3 Defendants’ defence.
In summary, the 3 Defendants alleged that the matters which EQ Capital
complained of in S17/2017 had been brought about by Ron Sim through OSIM and
that it was an abuse of process for Ron Sim, having caused and/or benefited
from those matters, to procure EQ Capital to commence S17/2017 in respect of
the very same matters. On 5 May 2017, I struck out the third party claim. The
appeal by the 3 Defendants has since been dismissed by the Court of Appeal:
Sunbreeze Group Investments Ltd and others v Sim Chye Hock Ron [2018] 2 SLR
1242.

The present action

17 Clause 6.1 of the SHA provided for a right of first refusal if any
shareholder of TWG Tea wished to sell its shares. In summary, under cl 6.1:

(a) any shareholder of TWG Tea that wished to transfer its shares to a non-
shareholder must first offer to sell its shares to the existing shareholder by
issuing a transfer notice which had to contain certain prescribed information;

(b) the procedures set out in cl 6.1 would then apply; these included
timelines for TWG Tea to inform the other shareholders of the transfer notice
and for the other shareholders to apply for the shares offered in the transfer
notice; and

(c) if the other shareholders do not exercise the right of first refusal, the
shareholder that issued the transfer notice would be entitled to sell its
shares to third parties within a period of three months, at any price not less
than that offered in the transfer notice, and on terms not more favourable
than those offered in the transfer notice.

18 By letter dated 24 October 2017, Wellness purported to issue a transfer
notice pursuant to cl 6.1 of the SHA offering to sell its entire shareholding
in TWG Tea to the other shareholders of TWG Tea, OSIM and/or Paris (“the 1st
Transfer Notice”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Counterclaim Defendants’ Bundle of Documents (“CDBOD”), tab 3, at pp 45-47.

Wellness stated in the 1st Transfer Notice that upon a successful sale of the
shares to OSIM and Paris, Wellness would carry out a share buy-back of EQ
Capital’s shares in Wellness at a price equivalent to EQ Capital’s indirect
interest (through its shareholding in Wellness) in TWG Tea (“the Proposed
Share Buy-Back”).

19 On 8 November 2017, OSIM and Paris challenged the validity of the 1st
Transfer Notice on the grounds that:

(a) the 1st Transfer Notice did not comply with the terms and/or prescribed
process and/or timelines in the SHA; and

(b) Wellness was not entitled to include the Proposed Share Buy-Back as a term
of the 1st Transfer Notice. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

CDBOD, tab 6, at pp 76-77.

20 By way of letter dated 13 November 2017, TWG Tea adopted the position taken
by OSIM and Paris. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

CDBOD, tab 7, at pp 79-81.

21 On 16 November 2017, Wellness issued a fresh transfer notice pursuant to cl
6.1, again offering to sell its shares in TWG Tea to OSIM and/or Paris, this
time without the Proposed Share Buy-Back (“the 2nd Transfer Notice”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CDBOD, tab 8, at pp 85-87.

22 By way of letters dated 1 December 2017, OSIM and Paris pointed out that
Wellness’ shareholding in TWG Tea was the whole or substantially the whole
undertaking and/or property of Wellness, and the proposed sale would be
invalid if it had not been approved by the shareholders of Wellness in a
general meeting as required under s 160(1) of the Act. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

CDBOD, tab 10, at pp 94-95.

Section 160(1) states as follows:

160(1) Notwithstanding anything in a company’s constitution, the directors
shall not carry into effect any proposals for disposing of the whole or
substantially the whole of the company’s undertaking or property unless those
proposals have been approved by the company in general meeting.

OSIM and Paris requested confirmation that shareholders’ approval had been
obtained for the proposed sale and a copy of the shareholders’ resolution.

23 In its replies dated 6 December 2017, Wellness said that there was no basis
for OSIM’s and Paris’ requests and that the shareholders’ approval “should not
be of any concern” to them. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

CDBOD, tab 11, at pp 97-98.

Wellness did not confirm that shareholders’ approval had been obtained in a
general meeting; neither did Wellness provide OSIM and Paris with a copy of
the shareholders’ resolution. However, in its carefully crafted replies,
Wellness confirmed that the proposed sale had “received majority shareholder
approval”.

24 By way of letters dated 11 December 2017, OSIM and Paris pointed out that
Wellness’ assertion that approval had received majority shareholder approval,
did not comply with s 160(1). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

CDBOD, tab 12, at pp 100-101.

OSIM and Paris took the position that therefore the prescribed process and/or
timelines under cl 6.1 of the SHA had not been initiated. On 14 December 2017,
TWG Tea informed Wellness that it agreed with the position taken by OSIM and
Paris. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

CDBOD, tab 13, at p 103.

25 On 2 March 2018, EQ Capital commenced the present action to plead, as part
of its oppression action, the 3 Defendants’ conduct in causing Wellness to
offer to sell its shares in TWG Tea to OSIM and Paris, without first obtaining
the requisite shareholders’ approval as required under s 160(1) of the Act. EQ
Capital could not amend its statement of claim in S17/2017 to plead these
matters as they arose after the commencement of S17/2017. Both S17/2017 and
the present action have since been consolidated.

26 In their counterclaim in the present action, the 3 Defendants alleged that

(a) Ron Sim and EQ Capital conspired to injure the 3 Defendants and/or
conspired to abuse civil process; and

(b) in furtherance of the conspiracy, Ron Sim commenced (through EQ Capital)
and/or caused and or directed and/or assisted EQ Capital to commence this
present action in bad faith and for a collateral and/or improper purpose.

27 The counterclaim repeated several paragraphs in the defence. Some of those
paragraphs pleaded allegations in respect of S17/2017. However, it should be
noted that the conspiracy pleaded in the counterclaim was in relation to the
commencement of the present action only.

28 The 3 Defendants pleaded that they have been injured by being put to
substantial loss and expense in defending this action. Manoj and Kanchan
further pleaded that they have suffered distress and hurt to their feelings
and reputational loss in having to defend proceedings brought against them
personally.

The application to strike out the counterclaim

29 EQ Capital and Ron Sim applied to strike out the counterclaim by the 3
Defendants on all of the grounds set out under O 18 r 19(1) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) and/or the inherent jurisdiction of
the court. The legal principles that were applicable are well established and
were not in dispute.

Conspiracy to injure

30 The counterclaim pleaded both conspiracy by lawful means as well as
conspiracy by unlawful means. The law was not in dispute. To succeed in a
claim for conspiracy by unlawful means, the following elements must be
established:

(a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful;

(d) the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

See EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and
another [2014] 1 SLR 860 at [112].

31 A claim for lawful means conspiracy does not require an unlawful act, but
there is the additional requirement of proving a predominant purpose by all
the conspirators to cause injury or damage to the plaintiff, and the act is
carried out and the purpose achieved: Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock
Peter and others and other appeals [2013] 1 SLR 374 at [62]

32 The 3 Defendants claimed that the conspiracy was to injure them by
commencing the present action in bad faith and for a collateral and/or
improper purpose. The bad faith and collateral and/or improper purposes were
alleged to take the following forms:

(a) causing Manoj and Kanchan annoyance by pursuing a minority action against
them despite them not being shareholders of Wellness;

(b) obstructing Wellness from exiting TWG Tea on terms which were fair and in
compliance with the SHA; and

(c) putting improper pressure on the 3 Defendants to sell Sunbreeze’s shares
in Wellness and/or Wellness’ shares in TWG Tea to EQ Capital, Ron Sim, OSIM
and/or Paris at a price below valuation.

Causing Manoj and Kanchan annoyance

33 The allegation that the present action was commenced to cause Manoj and
Kanchan annoyance was premised on the assertion that Manoj and Kanchan were
not proper parties to EQ Capital’s oppression claim since they were not
shareholders of Wellness.

34 I agreed with EQ Capital and Ron Sim that this allegation was not legally
sustainable. It is indisputable that s 216 of the Act permits an oppression
action to be brought against directors where they have exercised their powers
in an oppressive manner.

35 The present action (as with S17/2017) was commenced against Manoj and
Kanchan in their capacities as directors of Wellness. The allegations pleaded
in the statement of claim were that Manoj and Kanchan had exercised their
powers as directors of Wellness in a manner which is oppressive to and/or
unfairly prejudicial to and/or in disregard of EQ Capital’s interests as a
minority shareholder of Wellness. The improper purpose alleged by the 3
Defendants had no leg to stand on.

36 I also agreed with EQ Capital and Ron Sim that in any case, if the action
against Manoj and Kanchan as directors had no basis, their remedy was to apply
to strike out the claim against them rather than to bring a counterclaim. It
cannot be right that a claim that is baseless would, by virtue that fact, give
rise to a counterclaim.

Obstructing Wellness from exiting TWG Tea

37 Manoj and Kanchan alleged that Ron Sim / EQ Capital were using the present
action as another means of thwarting Wellness’ proposed sale of its shares in
TWG Tea and to obstruct Wellness’ exit from TWG Tea. Manoj and Kanchan relied
on the events set out at [18] to [24] above.

38 I agreed with EQ Capital and Ron Sim that the present action could not
possibly have obstructed Wellness from exiting TWG Tea in any way. All that
the present action did was to assert that the 3 Defendants’ conduct in causing
Wellness to offer to sell its shares in TWG Tea to OSIM and Paris, without
first obtaining the requisite shareholders’ approval as required under s
160(1) of the Act, was oppressive. I noted that the 3 Defendants did not
contend that Wellness’ proposal to sell its shares in TWG Tea had been
approved by its shareholders in a general meeting. In any case, even if EQ
Capital was wrong about s 160(1) not having been complied with or about the 3
Defendants’ conduct being oppressive, the 3 Defendants were unable to show me
how the present action could be said to have obstructed Wellness from selling
its shares and exiting TWG Tea.

39 Whether Wellness could sell its shares and exit from TWG Tea depended,
firstly, on whether it had issued a valid transfer notice pursuant to cl 6.1
of the SHA. In this case, what stopped Wellness’ 2nd Transfer Notice from
proceeding further under cl 6.1 was not the present action but TWG Tea’s
decision (agreeing with OSIM and Paris) that there was no valid transfer
notice and that therefore cl 6.1 had not been triggered. However, if TWG Tea
was correct, Wellness clearly had no reason to complain. On the other hand, if
Wellness disputed TWG Tea’s position, it was still open to Wellness to
challenge that position, including if necessary by way of legal proceedings.
Either way, the present action did not and could not have obstructed Wellness
from selling its shares. There was no suggestion as to how the present action
could have hindered Wellness from exercising its rights under cl 6.1 to issue
a valid transfer notice, and to sell the shares to third parties if OSIM and
Paris were not inclined to buy them. The present action also did not prevent
Wellness from challenging TWG Tea’s decision that cl 6.1 had not been
triggered.

40 In fact, the evidence showed that even the dispute over the validity of
Wellness’ transfer notice did not obstruct Wellness from seeking to sell its
shares in TWG Tea:

(a) In its letters dated 19 December 2017 to OSIM, Paris and TWG Tea, Wellness
took the position that it was entitled to sell its shares to third parties. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CDBOD, tab 14, at p 113-116.

(b) In a letter sent on 25 January 2018 by Manoj to Dr Finian Tan
(representing Vickers Private Equity and Vickers Venture, the other two
shareholders of Wellness), Manoj took the position that as OSIM and Paris had
not accepted the offer set out in the 2nd Transfer Notice, Wellness was at
liberty to sell its shares in TWG Tea to any third party and that Wellness
will be taking steps to do so. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

CDBOD, tab 18, at pp 130-131.

41 Whether cl 6.1 of the SHA had been triggered had a direct impact on whether
Wellness was entitled to sell its shares to third parties. Yet, the dispute
over this issue did not obstruct Wellness from trying to sell its shares to
third parties. Wellness certainly did not consider itself so obstructed. The
present action is even further removed from the dispute over cl 6.1 of the
SHA. There was no reason to think that it could have obstructed Wellness in
any way.

Putting improper pressure on the 3 Defendants

42 The 3 Defendants alleged that the present action was intended to put
improper pressure on the 3 Defendants to sell Sunbreeze’s shares in Wellness
and/or Wellness’ shares in TWG Tea to EQ Capital, Ron Sim, OSIM and/or Paris
at a price below valuation.

43 I agreed with EQ Capital and Ron Sim that this allegation was factually
unsustainable. First, there was no suggestion, and it was not pleaded, that
there were even any discussions between the 3 Defendants and EQ Capital and
Ron Sim on a sale of Sunbreeze’s shares in Wellness or Wellness’ shares in TWG
Tea to OSIM, Paris, EQ Capital or Ron Sim.

44 Second, in the present action (and in S17/2017), EQ Capital sought an order
to wind up Wellness, alternatively, an order that the 3 Defendants buy out EQ
Capital. How would the present action put pressure on the 3 Defendants to sell
either Sunbreeze’s shares in Wellness or Wellness’ shares in TWG Tea at an
undervalue? The 3 Defendants’ allegation was, in my view, short on logic.

Conspiracy to abuse civil process

45 The claim for conspiracy to abuse civil process was based on the same
grounds as those relied upon for the claim for conspiracy to injure. For
purposes of the striking out application, EQ Capital and Ron Sim proceeded on
the assumption that the tort of abuse of process was part of Singapore law and
that the reliefs claimed were recoverable. I agreed with their submission that
even so, the claim was factually unsustainable.

46 Since then, the Court of Appeal has decided that abuse of process as a tort
is not part of the law in Singapore: Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management
Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301 [2018] 2 SLR 866 (“Lee Tat”) at [161].
Therefore, the counterclaim based on conspiracy to abuse civil process would
be struck out in any event because it is legally unsustainable.

Conclusion

47 The counterclaim for conspiracy to injure and the counterclaim for
conspiracy to abuse civil process were both clearly unsustainable.

48 Accordingly, I struck out the counterclaim. I also ordered the 3 Defendants
to pay costs to EQ Capital and Ron Sim, which I fixed at $12,000 plus
disbursements to be fixed by me if not agreed.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge

Davinder Singh s/o Amar Singh SC, Jaikanth Shankar, Srruthi Ilankathir,
Hanspreet Singh Sachdev and Rajvinder Singh Chahal  
(Davinder Singh Chambers LLC) for the plaintiff and the  
first and second defendants in counterclaim;  
Yeo Khirn Hai Alvin SC, Koh Swee Yen, Lin Chunlong,  
Jasmine Low and Sim Mei Ling (WongPartnership LLP)  
for the first, second, and third defendants and the  
first and second plaintiffs in counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

