Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 125

Suit No 872 of 2017

Between

| Jocelyn Rita d/o Lawrence Stanley  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Tan Gark Chong  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Deeds and Other Instruments] — [Deeds] — [Duress] — [Illegality]

[Trusts] — [Trustees] — [Duties] — [Duty to let trust property]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Jocelyn Rita d/o Lawrence Stanley

  

v

  

Tan Gark Chong

[2019] SGHC 125

High Court — Suit No 872 of 2017  
Audrey Lim JC  
26, 27 February, 1, 5 March; 3 April 2019

14 May 2019 Judgment reserved.

Audrey Lim JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff (“Jocelyn”) and the defendant (“Richard”) were husband and
wife. Jocelyn commenced this action against Richard alleging a breach of a
declaration of trust executed on 17 April 2012 (“DOT”) in which it was
declared that Richard held two properties at Jalan Ampang (“the Ampang
Property”) and Jalan Wajek (“the Wajek Property”) (collectively, “the
Properties”) on trust for Jocelyn. She alleged that Richard failed to rent out
the Properties and failed to execute an option to purchase (“OTP”) for the
Ampang Property when she had found a buyer for it. She thus claimed, inter
alia, for loss of rental income for the Properties and damages as a result of
the diminution in value of the Ampang Property.

Background matters

2 The parties were married in 1965. Jocelyn was a Malaysian citizen who became
a Singapore permanent resident in 1976 and then a Singapore citizen in
February 2001.

3 In April or May 1990, the parties purchased the Ampang Property in their
joint names, having obtained permission from the relevant authorities for
Jocelyn to be registered as a co-owner as she was then not a Singapore
citizen. Subsequently they decided to purchase the Wajek Property to live in
and to rent out the Ampang Property. As Jocelyn did not receive approval from
the authorities to rent out the Ampang Property, and the parties could not
jointly purchase the Wajek Property, she transferred her interest in the
Ampang Property to Richard in July 1998. In September 1999, the Wajek Property
was purchased in Richard’s name.

4 In early 2012, the parties’ relationship took a turn for the worse. It was
during this time that the DOT was executed and signed by the both of them on
17 April 2012. I set out the material terms of the DOT below: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1AB 17–18.

THIS DECLARATION OF TRUST is made [17 April 2012] by [Richard] (hereinafter
called “the Trustee”).

WHEREAS:-

(1) This declaration is supplemental to the purchase of the properties known
as [the Wajek Property] and [the Ampang Property] (hereinafter collectively
called “the Properties”)

(2) The Trustee hereby declare [sic] that the purchase prices of the
Properties said to have been paid by the Trustee … were in fact provided by
[Jocelyn] (hereinafter called “the Beneficiary”) and the Properties has been
held [sic] by the Trustee as trustee for the Beneficiary as the Trustee hereby
acknowledges.

NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH that the Trustee hereby declares that he holds the
Properties in trust for the Beneficiary absolutely and hereby agree [sic] that
he will at the request and cost of the Beneficiary transfer the Properties to
the Beneficiary or to such person or persons at such time and in such manner
or otherwise deal with the same as the Beneficiary shall direct or appoint.

The Trustee and the Beneficiary hereby covenant with each other as follows:

(a) all income, rental and/or investment derived from the Properties shall be
deposited in the joint bank account which the Trustee and the Beneficiary have
with a Bank;

(b) to pay or contribute all due proportion of all rates taxes premiums of
insurance and other outgoings payable in respect of the Properties and all
other expenses as may be paid for by the Beneficiary from the joint bank
account;

(c) to keep indemnified each other from all actions claims and demands
incurred or to be incurred by such last mentioned party by reason for any
default on the part of the covenanting party in performing his/her obligations
under this clause …

[emphasis added in bold]

5 In August 2013, Richard filed for divorce (“the First Divorce Proceedings”)
but this was withdrawn. He again filed for divorce in 2016 but this was also
withdrawn. Richard filed the final divorce proceedings in 2017 leading to
interim judgment being granted in May 2017, with the ancillary matters pending
to be heard after this suit.

Plaintiff’s case

6 Jocelyn claimed that the marriage broke down as Richard was having an
affair, which she discovered in around February 2012. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Jocelyn’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), paras 17 and 18; 26/2/19
Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 26.

Throughout their marriage, they had agreed to leave the family’s wealth to
their children and grandchildren. Worried that in the event of a divorce,
Richard would get a share of the matrimonial assets and spend it rather than
preserve it for future generations, she wanted him to transfer his beneficial
interest in the Properties to her.

7 Hence in early April 2012, Jocelyn instructed Gabriel Law Corporation
(“Gabriel Law”) to prepare a draft trust deed for Richard to transfer the
beneficial interest in the Properties to her. Richard refused to sign this
trust deed as it did not stipulate that he was to receive any rental income
from the Ampang Property. Jocelyn then instructed Mr Jeffrey Beh (“Beh”), a
family friend and lawyer from Lee Bon Leong & Co, to prepare another trust
deed to transfer the beneficial interest in the Properties to her and to
provide for rental income from the Properties to be deposited into a joint
bank account. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Jocelyn’s AEIC, para 39; 26/2/19 NE 79.

On 16 April 2012, Beh went to the matrimonial home (then the Wajek Property)
and spoke to Richard about the trust deed. The next day Beh returned with the
DOT which Richard signed.

8 On 24 October 2012, Richard moved out of the Wajek Property to stay with the
parties’ daughter Shona. Jocelyn remained at the Wajek Property until August
2013, when she moved to the Ampang Property.

9 Jocelyn alleged that there was an implied term in the DOT that the trustee
(Richard) would rent out the Properties and deposit the income or rental into
the parties’ joint account to pay for outgoings related to the Properties for
the beneficiary’s (Jocelyn’s) benefit. Richard failed in his duties to rent
out the Properties after he moved out from the Wajek Property, and Jocelyn
thus claimed for loss of rental from the Properties. Further, in July 2013,
Jocelyn found a buyer for the Ampang Property for $8.8m but Richard refused to
sign the OTP for the intended sale. Consequently, the intended sale did not
materialise and the Ampang Property has since diminished in value.

Defendant’s case

10 Richard claimed that he signed the DOT under duress. He denied that he was
having an affair but Jocelyn repeatedly harassed, nagged and ranted at him
regarding the alleged affair. In early April 2012 (before the DOT was
executed), he was also suffering from poor health. To obtain respite from
Jocelyn’s behaviour, he moved out to stay with Shona for three nights before
moving back to the Wajek Property again. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Richard’s AEIC, para 39; 26/2/19 NE 54–55.

11 Richard confirmed that he was initially given a document prepared by
Gabriel Law that Jocelyn wanted him to sign. He refused to sign the document
as he disagreed with its terms, which stated that the Properties were acquired
using Jocelyn’s moneys. Richard denied that Beh, a mutual friend, had met him
on 16 April 2012. However, he did sign the DOT on 17 April 2012 when Beh went
to the matrimonial home with it. Richard was surprised by Beh’s visit that day
as he did not know that Jocelyn had asked Beh to prepare a trust deed. When
Richard saw that the DOT stated that the Properties were purchased with
Jocelyn’s moneys and that he was all along a trustee of the Properties for
her, he told Beh that he disagreed with the terms of the DOT as the Ampang
Property was paid for partly with his CPF moneys. Nevertheless, because of the
unpleasant situation at home, he felt compelled to sign the DOT in the hope
that some peace and normalcy would return to his life. On 24 October 2012,
Richard left the matrimonial home permanently to stay with Shona as Jocelyn
continued to harass him.

12 Richard also claimed that the trust arrangement under the DOT was illegal,
null, void and unenforceable under ss 3 and 23 of the Residential Property Act
(Cap 274, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the RPA”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defence, paras 6–10.

Even if the DOT was valid, Richard denied being in breach of his duties as a
trustee under the DOT.

13 Richard also called Shona and Kelvin (the parties’ son) to testify, and I
will refer to their evidence in my findings below where necessary.

The issues

14 The main issues for consideration are as follows:

(a) whether the DOT was vitiated by duress or illegality due to contravention
of the RPA; and

(b) if the DOT is valid and enforceable, whether Jocelyn can succeed in her
claims for lost rental in respect of the Properties, and diminution in value
due to the aborted sale of the Ampang Property.

Preliminary issue – Application for hearing in camera

15 At the outset, Richard’s counsel (Mr Chiok) applied for the matter to be
heard in camera pursuant to s 8(2) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”), and relying on BOK v BOL and another [2017]
SGHC 316 (“BOK”). This was a private dispute between family members and that
the defendant’s witnesses were the parties’ children who were “prominent
professionals”. Also, there were ancillary matters in separate divorce
proceedings between the parties. Finally, a hearing in camera would decrease
the acrimony between the parties. Jocelyn objected to the application.

16 I disallowed the application because there was no reason to depart from the
position that a civil matter is to be heard in open court under s 8(1) of the
SCJA, and I was not satisfied that there was any sufficient reason to order
the hearing to be in camera. In BOK, one of the defendants, who was a party to
the suit, was an infant. Unlike in BOK, there were no minor children involved
and the witnesses who Richard intended to call were adults. Moreover, the mere
fact that the action concerned a dispute between family members was
unexceptional and did not per se justify a hearing in camera, even if the same
parties were embroiled in a pending matrimonial case. That the witnesses were
professionals or family members did not mean that they should be afforded
privacy from open court proceedings. Many civil proceedings involve disputes
between family members, in which family members are called as witnesses.
Finally, I was not convinced that a hearing in camera would decrease the
acrimony between parties. It might even have had the converse effect of
encouraging parties to vent their frustrations liberally and freely make
allegations against each other under the cover of a private hearing.

Duress

17 I turn then to the issue on duress. A party alleging duress must show that
there was pressure amounting to compulsion of his will and that the pressure
exerted was illegitimate (Tam Tak Chuen v Khairul bin Abdul Rahman and others
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 240 at [22]; E C Investment Holding Pte Ltd v Ridout Residence
Pte Ltd and another (Orion Oil Ltd and another, interveners) [2011] 2 SLR 232
at [51]). I find that Richard has not been able to show that there was duress.

18 It is questionable whether Jocelyn’s conduct rose to the level that
constituted duress let alone whether any pressure exerted was illegitimate. I
accept that Jocelyn did confront and badger Richard somewhat regarding his
alleged affair with another woman (“the third party”) and that Jocelyn and
Richard quarrelled over this. There were messages between Richard and the
third party. Jocelyn was upset and had showed the messages that she discovered
on Richard’s phone to him and spoke to him on numerous occasions to get his
reassurance that there was nothing going on. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

26/2/19 NE 26–29.

She was also suffering from depression at the material time. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

27/2/19 NE 36, 39, 49, 97.

As her counsel (Mr Yeo) put it, she was upset, quite desperate for Richard’s
attention, emotionally fragile, and dependant on Richard in April 2012. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

27/2/19 NE 49, 52–53, 65.

The marriage had become rocky, with “frequent quarrels [and] outbursts”, and
Jocelyn had been crying and having nightmares. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Jocelyn’s AEIC, para 54; 26/2/19 NE 51, 97.

It is thus unbelievable that she did not confront Richard regarding the
alleged affair, particularly when she had confided in her three children and
friends. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

26/2/19 NE 29–32.

19 Indeed, Richard would not have left the home in early 2012 to stay with
Shona for a few days (shortly before the DOT was executed) unless he needed to
get away from Jocelyn to obtain some peace and quiet. It was also undisputed
that when he left the home to stay with Shona, he was suffering from pneumonia
but was on the mend when he signed the DOT. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

26/2/19 NE 47, 96; 27/2/19 NE 77.

Even their children testified that Jocelyn was “very, very upset”, that it was
very tense in the house, and that Jocelyn was very angry with Richard and
constantly confronted him about the alleged affair. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1/3/19 NE 4, 8–10, 28, 30, 34.

However, even when Jocelyn complained to him persistently about the third
party on previous occasions, she never threatened to attack him. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

27/2/19 NE 75.

That Jocelyn might have previously threatened to commit suicide cannot be said
to amount to illegitimate pressure amounting to a compulsion of Richard’s
will.

20 As to whether there was compulsion of the will, I find that Richard was not
compelled to sign the DOT. First, Richard’s own testimony militates against a
finding of compulsion. He admitted that he signed the DOT voluntarily and that
he could have walked away from signing it. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

27/2/19 NE 90–91.

He also agreed that no one had threatened or forced him to sign the DOT. In
fact when he signed the DOT, he was in the living room with Beh, and Jocelyn
was outside at the patio. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

27/2/19 NE 83.

21 Second, the lack of compulsion is borne out by Richard’s conduct on the day
of signing the DOT. As Richard claimed, he had the presence of mind to
register his objection regarding the terms of the DOT to Beh before he signed
it. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Richard’s AEIC, para 50.

This is all the more the case when considered together with Richard’s previous
refusal to sign the trust deed prepared by Gabriel Law. When he first saw that
trust deed, he had the presence of mind and will to refuse to sign it despite
suffering from pneumonia. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

27/2/19 NE 80.

He could all the more have refused to sign the DOT because he was in better
shape then. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

27/2/19 NE 78.

That Richard had signed the DOT in the hope that Jocelyn would stop harassing
him so he could get some peace and normalcy did not, in my view, amount to him
signing the DOT under duress. He could have avoided Jocelyn and obtained peace
by staying with Shona at any time, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

27/2/19 NE 146.

which is what he did for a few days shortly before the DOT was executed and
permanently some months thereafter.

22 Third, leaving aside Beh (whom Jocelyn had engaged to prepare the DOT),
there was no shortage of opportunity for Richard to seek legal counsel before
he signed the DOT. He knew Mr Harry Elias, a very senior lawyer who was a
“very close friend”, and his son Kelvin was also (and remains) a practising
lawyer. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

27/2/19 NE 68–70.

He was under no compulsion to sign the DOT on the very day that Beh brought it
to him and could have put off deciding whether to sign it until he had
obtained independent legal advice.

23 Finally, Richard’s conduct after signing the DOT is also significant. A
party’s conduct following the entry into an agreement allegedly vitiated by
duress can be material to shed light on whether there actually was duress (see
eg, Pao On v Lau Yiu Lon [1980] AC 614 at 635; Third World Development Ltd v
Atang Latief [1990] 1 SLR(R) 96 at [15]). Despite claiming that he signed the
DOT under duress, Richard took no steps to set it aside. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

27/2/19 NE 104.

This is even when he claimed in his affidavit filed in March 2015 (for the
First Divorce Proceedings) that Jocelyn had “pressured” him to sign the DOT
and even when his lawyers wrote to Jocelyn’s lawyers on 9 October 2015 stating
that Richard was “coerced” into executing the DOT. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

1AB 102 and 526.

And even when he first raised the issue of coercion or pressure, this was some
three years after he signed the DOT and when Jocelyn was seeking to enforce
its terms. I reject Richard’s explanation for why he did not attempt to set
aside the DOT despite Jocelyn having repeatedly reminded him of this
trusteeship (see eg, correspondence at [66] to [69] below). He claimed that he
was unfamiliar with the law and trusted his lawyers, that he was facing
financial constraints, and that there was no need to set aside the DOT because
it had no practical impact on his day-to-day life. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

27/2/19 NE 104 and 150; Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”), paras 29–30.

Even if he was unfamiliar with the law, there was nothing stopping him from
seeking legal advice early on, and explaining to the lawyers what had
transpired in relation to the DOT to obtain legal advice. As for his claim of
facing financial constraints, this did not seem to have been an obstacle to
Richard commencing divorce proceedings (thrice) and he also had access to
funds from his children. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

27/2/19 NE 104–105.

I also do not accept that repeatedly receiving letters from Jocelyn’s lawyers
regarding his alleged breach of trustee’s duties constituted “no practical
impact” on Richard’s daily life.

24 Significantly, not only did Richard not take steps to set aside the DOT, he
subsequently signed two powers of attorney (“POAs”) in 2017 to enable Jocelyn
to let the Properties. Even though the POAs were signed after the DOT was
executed, this was cogent evidence that Richard did not, even in 2017, regard
that he had signed the DOT involuntarily or under duress as he claimed. On the
contrary, he admitted that by signing the POAs he accepted that he was the
trustee of the Properties, and if the DOT had been signed under duress he
would not have continued to acknowledge in the POAs that he was the trustee.
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

27/2/19 NE 107, 111–112.

25 Before leaving this issue it would be convenient to deal with the parties’
failure to call Beh as a witness. Each party alleged that the other party’s
failure to do so weakened the latter’s case. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DCS, para 28; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”), para 40

In my view, this would not have made any difference to my eventual findings on
the issue of duress. There was no dispute that Richard had signed the DOT, and
if at all, the burden was on him to call Beh if he thought it supported his
defence. Accordingly, I find that the DOT is not vitiated by duress.

26 Finally, I should add that I have thus far analysed the facts through the
lens of duress because duress is what was pleaded by Richard, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defence, para 3.

and so that was the case Jocelyn had to meet. The parties’ closing submissions
were also framed in terms of duress. Unfortunately, there has been some
confusion about what doctrine Richard was trying to invoke. His opening
statement alluded to a defence of undue influence, though Mr Chiok confirmed
that this point would not be pursued. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

26/2/19 NE 12–13.

Subsequently, Richard’s closing submissions (though made under the heading of
“duress”) at times veered into the terrain of unconscionability. Mr Chiok
cited BOM v BOK and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 349 (“BOM v BOK”) for the
proposition that the doctrine of duress is “one face” of the concept of
unconscionability and purported to apply the test of sufficient gravity to
acutely affect the plaintiff’s ability to conserve his own interest. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DCS at paras 7, 10.

However, BOM v BOK was not a case that dealt with duress, and the court,
having held that the narrow doctrine of unconscionability applied in
Singapore, declined to opine on the relationship among duress, undue influence
and unconscionability (at [152]–[153]). In any case, the possibility of
subsuming duress under the umbrella of unconscionability arises only under a
broad doctrine of unconscionability, which the court rejected (at [175]).
Hence, Richard’s reliance on the abovementioned test for duress was misplaced.

27 Regardless, even assuming that Mr Chiok had sought to rely on the doctrine
of unconscionability, the facts he cited in support of a finding of
unconscionability are the same as those I considered in coming to my finding
that there was no duress, and I would have found that unconscionability was
not made out. At the time of executing the DOT, Richard was neither poor nor
ignorant, he was not suffering from infirmities that were grave enough to
affect his ability to conserve his own interests, and he did not lack
opportunity to seek independent legal advice.

Illegality

28 I turn next to Richard’s argument that the DOT is illegal under the RPA.
Richard claimed the DOT merely evidenced a prior trust arrangement between the
parties, dating from before the DOT was executed, which was void under the
RPA. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defence, para 7.

He relied on the preamble to the DOT which states that the Properties “has
been held [sic]” by the Trustee for the Beneficiary, and Jocelyn’s affidavits
(in these and other proceedings) where she appeared to contradict her eventual
position. Richard’s case appears to be that the preamble purported to evince a
prior trust of the entire beneficial interest in the Properties in Jocelyn’s
favour, from the respective moment each of the Properties was purchased; he
pleaded that the “trust arrangement came into existence by virtue of [Jocelyn]
allegedly providing the funds for the purchase of [the Properties]” and also
stated that he read the DOT to mean that he was “all along” the trustee of the
Properties for Jocelyn. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defence, para 8; Richard’s AEIC, para 49.

29 Jocelyn claimed that the DOT was valid as it created a trust over the
Properties in her favour on the date of execution, relying on the operative
part of the DOT which states the Trustee “hereby declares that he holds” the
Properties in trust for the Beneficiary absolutely and “hereby agree[s]” to
transfer them to the Beneficiary. There would be no illegality because by that
time she was already a Singapore citizen. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Reply, paras 6–7.

Jocelyn also relied on the fact that $261,600 in stamp duty (excluding late
penalty fees) was paid in 2016 when the DOT was stamped. If the DOT merely
declared a pre-existing trust, the stamp duty payable under the Stamp Duties
Act (Cap 312, 2006 Rev Ed) would be only $10. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PCS, paras 81–83.

30 Counsel for both parties agreed that if the DOT created a trust on the day
of its execution (17 April 2012), the trust would not be illegal, null or void
under the RPA as Jocelyn would have become a Singapore citizen by then. But it
would be illegal if the DOT was merely evidence of a prior trust over the
Properties dating back to a time when Jocelyn was not a Singapore citizen. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

27/2/19 NE 121–123.

Interpretation of trust deeds

31 The issue of illegality turns on the interpretation of the DOT – that is,
whether it merely evidenced a pre-existing trust or created a fresh trust at
the date of signing.

32 In construing a trust deed, the court can have regard to both the text of
the document and the relevant context. This includes any objective evidence of
the settlor’s intent, especially where the language of the trust deed is
ambiguous (Koh Lau Keow and others v Attorney-General [2014] 2 SLR 1165 (“Koh
Lau Keow”) at [24]–[25]).

33 Further, as explained by the Court of Appeal in Fong Wai Lyn Carolyn v Kao
Chai-Chau Linda and others [2017] 4 SLR 1018 (“Carolyn Fong”) at [51], a
recital in a deed can only assist in the construction of the substantive terms
of the deed. It cannot override or control the operation of the substantive
terms where such terms are clear and unambiguous. The Court of Appeal also
cited with approval Ex parte Dawes; In re Moon (1886) 17 QBD 275 at 286:

Now there are three rules applicable to the construction of such an
instrument. If the recitals are clear and the operative part is ambiguous, the
recitals govern the construction. If the recitals are ambiguous, and the
operative part is clear, the operative part must prevail. If both the recitals
and the operative part are clear, but they are inconsistent with each other,
the operative part is to be preferred.

Whether the DOT created a fresh trust or merely evidenced an existing trust

34 I find that the DOT created a fresh trust over the Properties for Jocelyn
as beneficiary at the point of its execution.

35 The operative part of the DOT (relied on by Mr Yeo) is clear. It evinces
the creation of a fresh trust when the DOT was executed. On the other hand,
the preamble (relied on by Mr Chiok) is ambiguous. Whilst it suggests that a
trust had been created before the execution of the DOT, it is unclear about
when this trust was allegedly formed. Jocelyn had become a Singapore citizen
in 2001, some 10 years before the DOT was executed, and a trust formed at any
time thereafter (and before the execution of the DOT) would not offend the
RPA. I do not accept Mr Chiok’s argument that Jocelyn’s case is internally
inconsistent in affirming, on the one hand, that “[t]he operative clauses of
the [DOT] accurately described the parties’ then intended legal and beneficial
arrangement for the [Properties]”; and claiming, on the other, that the
Properties were family assets for the children and grandchildren. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DCS, para 46; Reply, para 6.

There is a difference between whether a person holds a beneficial interest in
a property as a matter of law, and how the person intends to treat or deal
with the property.

36 The context also suggests that both parties (ie, including Richard as
settlor) intended to create a trust at the point when the DOT was executed.

37 First, Richard’s case (summarised at [28] above) is undermined by his own
evidence, which does not show that he had, prior to the DOT being executed,
ever agreed for Jocelyn alone to own all the beneficial interest in the
Properties. Richard has consistently maintained that he had a beneficial
interest in the Properties at the time of purchase because he contributed to
their purchase price. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

27/2/19 NE 145–146; Richard’s AEIC, paras 20 and 50.

The Ampang Property was purchased for some $800,000 in both parties’ names and
it is not disputed that Richard contributed $136,926.30 in CPF moneys. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Jocelyn’s AEIC, para 61; Richard’s AEIC, para 16; 27/2/19 NE 144.

The Wajek Property was, on Richard’s case, purchased with the sale proceeds of
a separate property that was itself purchased as a result of the parties’
joint efforts. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

27/2/19 NE 144–145.

For completeness Jocelyn disputes this, claiming that she paid for the Wajek
Property completely. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

27/2/19 NE 144–145.

Consequently, when Richard signed the DOT, he clearly did not intend to evince
a prior trust of the entire beneficial interest in the Properties in Jocelyn’s
favour from the time each of the Properties was purchased, given his position
all along that he had a beneficial interest in them. I thus reject Richard’s
claim that, when he signed the DOT, he had read it to mean that he was “all
along” the trustee of the Properties. Beh, to whom Richard had allegedly
voiced his concerns regarding the DOT, and who Richard had allegedly informed
that he did not agree with the terms of the DOT as drafted, was not called by
Richard to support his assertion. As the Court of Appeal in Koh Lau Keow
stated (at [25]), “[w]hile purely subjective and uncorroborated evidence by a
settlor as to his intentions at the time the trust deed was drafted is
inadmissible … objective evidence of the settlor’s intent is highly relevant
in construing a trust deed, especially in cases where its language is
ambiguous”.

38 Second, that Jocelyn had taken contradictory positions in her earlier
affidavits is not fatal to her case. To take three examples of her
inconsistency: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

2AB 874 and 937; 1 Defendant’s Bundle of Documents (“DB”) 7.

(a) At paragraph [308] of her affidavit of 26 June 2015 filed in the First
Divorce Proceedings (“June 2015 Affidavit”), she stated that:

… Richard has alleged that these properties are matrimonial properties. This
is entirely untrue. I am the sole beneficiary of both properties and Richard
holds both properties on trust for me.

(b) At paragraph [485] of the June 2015 Affidavit, she stated that:

… Richard knew I had wanted a trust deed drawn up to clarify the legal and
beneficial ownership of the Ampang and Wajek Properties.

(c) At paragraph 7 of Jocelyn’s affidavit of 10 November 2016 (“November 2016
Affidavit”) filed in support of OS No 1248 of 2016 (which was eventually
converted to the present action), she stated that:

From the inception of the purchase, it was intended that [the Properties] were
to belong solely to [Jocelyn]. For that reason, the title deeds to the
property are in the custody of [Jocelyn]. Renovations on [the Properties] were
also paid entirely by [Jocelyn].

39 Jocelyn could not offer a coherent explanation for the above when cross-
examined. In relation to [38(a)] above, she equivocated and then stated that
the properties “are still always matrimonial properties in the sense that, you
know, whatever we had was always to be together”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

26/2/19 NE 23–24.

In relation to [38(b)] above, when asked what there was to be clarified (given
that the DOT was clear in terms of whom the Properties belonged to) Jocelyn’s
response was that the clarification was regarding how the Properties were to
be given to the children and not kept by Richard for himself, even whilst
accepting the proposition that it would not be a “true gift” to Richard if he
could not do anything he wanted with it. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

26/2/19 NE 127–128; 27/2/19 NE 27.

In relation to [38(c)] above, whilst accepting that she did make this
statement, Jocelyn claimed that she did not know what “inception” meant and
had merely glanced through the affidavit when she signed it. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

27/2/19 NE 31–33.

40 Be that as it may, Jocelyn’s claims in the June 2015 Affidavit must be read
in context. The trust (embodied in the DOT) to transfer the entire beneficial
interest to Jocelyn came about because of the alleged affair and breakdown of
the parties’ relationship, and these developments would also explain Jocelyn’s
conduct in staking a claim on the entire beneficial interest in the Properties
when the First Divorce Proceedings were filed. The June 2015 Affidavit was
made in response to divorce proceedings initiated by Richard. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

26/2/19 NE 111.

Jocelyn was naturally upset and, having felt that she contributed most of the
purchase price of the Properties, wanted in the divorce proceedings to stake
as large a claim as possible on them and other matrimonial assets. Because the
June 2015 Affidavit and even the November 2016 Affidavit were made after the
DOT was executed, and for a different reason, they carry less weight in
assisting my interpretation of the DOT and parties’ intent at the time the DOT
was executed.

41 I also deal with the point that Jocelyn herself accepted that, despite the
contents of the DOT, the Properties are “matrimonial properties”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

26/2/19 NE 189.

This does not change my finding that a fresh trust was created when the DOT
was signed. The issue of whether a property is matrimonial property would
become relevant in the division of assets in the divorce proceedings, and this
remains the case regardless of who beneficially owned the property.

42 Third, it could not have been either party’s intent for the DOT to merely
evidence a prior trust dating back to the time the Properties were purchased,
as they knew that this would have made no sense and would have defeated the
point of executing the DOT. Richard knew that Jocelyn devised the trust to
prevent the Properties from falling into the hands of the third party and to
ensure that the Properties remained in the family for the benefit of their
descendants. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Jocelyn’s AEIC, para 27; 26/2/19 NE 55–56; 27/2/19 NE 86–87.

I accept that Jocelyn did not ask for an outright transfer of the Properties
to her in 2012 because she did not want Richard to “lose face” and feel as if
everything was being taken away from him. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

26/2/19 NE 65–67.

At that time, her main concern was to ensure that the Properties remained
within the family. Both parties also knew that Jocelyn could not claim any
beneficial interest in the Properties while she was not a Singapore citizen
(which was why the Properties were held in Richard’s sole name). It would be
self-defeating to execute a DOT that merely evidenced a prior illegal trust
arrangement.

43 Fourth, the quantum of stamp duty paid is objective evidence that sheds
light on the parties’ intention in entering into the DOT. I accept Mr Yeo’s
argument that the stamp duty payable would be only $10 and not $261,600
(excluding late payment penalty) as was actually paid, had the DOT merely
evidenced a pre-existing trust rather than creating a fresh trust (which would
have involved a transfer of beneficial interest and attracted ad valorem stamp
duty). No doubt, the stamp duty was paid only sometime after the DOT was
signed and paid by Jocelyn. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PCS, para 81 and Annex A; 1AB 118.

Nevertheless, there was nothing to show that Jocelyn had paid ad valorem stamp
duty simply to bolster her case regarding when the trust was created. In any
event the point about the stamp duty was not addressed in Mr Chiok’s closing
submissions, although the issue was brought to his attention during the course
of the trial. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

1/3/19 NE 47–48; Agreed List of Issues dated 7 March 2019.

44 Hence, I find that the trust in favour of Jocelyn was created at the date
of executing the DOT. Even if the parties had originally intended for Jocelyn
and Richard to share in the beneficial interest or treated the Properties as
“theirs” (or Jocelyn claimed, hers), my conclusion would not change. While
that would have been an illegal arrangement prohibited under s 23 of the RPA
when Jocelyn was not a Singapore citizen, the upshot of the illegality is that
Richard would be treated as the full beneficial (and legal) owner of the
Properties. However, this would not have prevented a fresh trust (uninfected
by the original illegality) from being declared over the Properties when the
DOT was executed between them, and when Jocelyn was already a Singapore
citizen.

45 At the end of the day, I find that the operative part of the DOT should
prevail because it is clear, whilst the recital of the DOT is ambiguous. Even
if the recital were clear, applying Carolyn Fong, the operative part of the
DOT would still prevail because it is unambiguous. Further, I find that when
the DOT was executed the parties had intended to create a fresh trust over the
Properties in Jocelyn’s favour, because they knew that Jocelyn could not stake
a claim on the Properties at the time when she was not a Singapore citizen and
they both perceived that the DOT (which arose only after Jocelyn had become a
Singapore citizen, the alleged affair had taken place and Richard had filed
for a divorce) would be the best way to achieve the objective of preserving
the Properties for their descendants.

46 Accordingly, the DOT does not contravene the RPA and is valid.

Claim for rental

47 Preliminarily, there is a difference between a claim that Richard breached
his duty to let the Properties under the trust created by the DOT, and a claim
that he breached the (express or implied) covenants or terms of a contract
embodied in the DOT. This was not made clear in the pleadings and submissions.
Jocelyn appeared to allude to this distinction in her pleadings where she
claimed that Richard “[i]n breach of the said covenant and his duties as a
trustee … failed and/or neglected to rent out any of the Properties and/or to
pay for any outgoings of the Properties” 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Statement of Claim, para 7.

. However, Mr Yeo did not, at trial or in closing submissions, distinguish
between causes of action in trust and contract. Richard denied, in his
pleadings, that he had defaulted on his duties as a “trustee”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defence, paras 13 and 22.

On the other hand, Mr Chiok in closing submissions stated that “the DOT does
not contain any express term that the Defendant would rent out the properties.
It follows that such a duty could only be implied, whether by law or as a
matter of contract”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DCS, para 49.

48 It is a question of interpretation whether the words of the DOT are capable
of embodying a contract alongside creating a trust. This could potentially be
the case as the clause creating a trust of the Properties is presented
separately from the express covenants. Moreover, the covenants create
bilateral obligations between the parties to them, whilst the typical duties
of a trustee are owed by the trustee to the beneficiary. But I say no more
about the possibility of obligations in contract because parties ultimately
advanced their cases on the basis of trust law, and my eventual decision on
Jocelyn’s claims regarding the loss of rental in respect of the Properties and
the diminution in value of the Ampang Property would be no different.

Express trustee’s duty

49 The facts here involve an express trust. The issue is whether an express
trustee who holds land on trust for an absolute beneficiary owes a duty at
general law to let the trust property in order to derive income for the
beneficiary, alternatively whether a duty can be imposed on the facts of the
case.

50 Jocelyn claimed that there was an implied duty in the DOT that obligated
Richard, as trustee, to rent out the Properties. She relied on a concession by
Richard in cross-examination that he was subject to such an implied duty. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PCS, paras 93 – 94; 27/2/19 NE 110.

Mr Chiok, however, argued (citing Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan and another and
other appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654) that while the parties were in a fiduciary
relationship, the facts and context must be examined to evaluate whether it is
possible for the fiduciary duties alleged to arise. The court should not find
a duty to let the Properties because Richard had not voluntarily placed
himself in a position where the law can objectively impute an intention on his
part to undertake those obligations. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DCS, para 50.

51 That a duty to let property (particularly land) is one owed by trustees of
express trusts generally is supported by Byrnes v Kendle (2011) 243 CLR 253
(“Byrnes”). In Byrnes, the respondent was the registered proprietor of a
residential property. He was married to the second appellant. The respondent
signed an acknowledgment of trust, declaring that he held one undivided half
interest in the property as tenant in common upon trust for the second
appellant. Subsequently, the respondent and second appellant separated. The
second appellant then assigned her interest in the property to her son (the
first appellant). The appellants later sued the respondent alleging breach of
trust. They claimed that the respondent allowed his son to live in the
property between 2002 and 2007 and took no steps to collect rent from him
after the first fortnight.

52 The High Court of Australia held that the respondent was under a duty to
let the property and collect rent. The rationale was that absent such a duty,
the beneficiary would derive no benefit from the interest conferred upon her
under the trust, and the trustee with the legal title was the only one who had
the power to grant a lease of the property to another and thus derive income
for the beneficiary (at [22]). The High Court held at [67] and [119] that
“[a]s a general proposition, where the trust estate includes land, it is the
duty of the trustee to render the land productive by leasing it, and this is
so even if the trust instrument does not expressly so provide” and “[e]ven if
there is no direction in the trust instrument that the trust property be
invested”. The duty to invest the trust property is subject to the limits
permitted by statute and to any limits stated in the trust document. French CJ
added that in any event, the nature of the trust in that case did not lend
itself easily to characterisation as a bare trust. Heydon and Crennan JJ also
held (at [119]) that the duty to let the property arose when the respondent
and second appellant were no longer living in the property.

53 The English decision of Brudenell-Bruce v Moore [2014] EWHC 3679 (Ch) (at
[88]) cited Byrnes for the proposition that trustees may be obliged to seek to
generate income from land comprised in the trust, in the context of exercising
the power of investment.

54 In Lewin on Trusts (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2015) at para [1-040], the
learner authors stated thus:

There are two potential explanations why a trustee holding property for a
beneficiary absolutely entitled might have no duties other than a duty to
transfer the property to the beneficiary or as he directs. The first
explanation is that the position of such a trustee is so supine, being a mere
repository, that he need do nothing whatever, save to effect the transfer. The
other position is that, pending transfer, he has powers and hence with it,
responsibility, of his own, and the exercise of the powers is up to him, not
the beneficiary. The second explanation, to the extent that this is correct,
militates against the view that a trustee for a beneficiary absolutely
entitled has a passive role.

The learned authors further stated that “[a] trustee holding land on trust for
an absolute beneficiary is not a mere cypher and has the powers of a
beneficial owner in relation to the land. His role is therefore an active
one”.

55 I agree with Byrnes. A trustee of an express trust who holds land on trust
for an absolute beneficiary is under a duty to let the property and generate
income from it. This duty arises: (a) subject to any limits imposed by statute
or the trust instrument; or (b) unless the facts and circumstances otherwise
indicate that parties intended the trustee to be a mere repository for the
trust property. Absent such a duty, the beneficiary would derive no benefit
from the interest conferred on her under the trust. Such a duty may be held in
abeyance if, for instance, the beneficiary is occupying the property – in such
a case, the beneficiary would have derived a benefit from her interest in the
land.

56 In this case, Richard is thus under a duty to let the property and generate
income from it, and that such a duty has not been limited or negated on the
facts. To the contrary, the terms of the DOT and the facts and context support
the imposition of such a duty and, for this same reason, I find that Richard
would have been under a duty to let the Properties that arose on the facts of
the case, even if a duty did not exist generally. The parties had consistently
treated the Properties either as the matrimonial home or for letting to
generate income. The Ampang Property was first purchased to live in, and
rented out when the Wajek Property was purchased as the matrimonial home. It
is undisputed that the last tenant of the Ampang Property vacated it around 13
July 2013. Shortly thereafter in August 2013, Jocelyn (who was then residing
at the Wajek Property) moved to the Ampang Property and the Wajek Property
became vacant as Richard was staying with Shona permanently. Consistent with
the parties’ intent, Jocelyn’s lawyers had on 22 July 2014 informed Richard’s
lawyers of Jocelyn’s wish to let the Wajek Property, as construction works
next door to it (which began in May 2013) had been completed. Even the letter
of 6 August 2014 from Richard’s lawyers to Jocelyn’s lawyers stated Richard’s
position that it made no sense for one of the Properties to be vacant and not
rented out. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

3AB 1492.

Indeed, Richard himself had in 2009 and again in 2011, expressed in writing to
his children that the Properties should not be sold as they were for income
purposes and should be rented out to obtain rental income. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

1AB 37–40 and 44–48.

57 Thus when the DOT was executed, the parties would have intended that
whichever of the Properties was unoccupied would be let. This is supported by
the terms of the DOT whereby the parties covenanted to deposit all income,
rental or investment derived from the Properties into a joint bank account.
Indeed, Richard himself admitted that he had a duty to rent out the
Properties. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

27/2/19 NE 110–111.

Thus, he cannot be considered as a trustee with no duties other than to
transfer the Properties to the beneficiary (Jocelyn) or as the beneficiary
directs. At the end of the day, only Richard, the trustee, has legal title to
the property and therefore only he is in a position to grant a lease to a
third party. By refusing to exercise his power to do so, and particularly
where Jocelyn had informed him of her desire to let the property, he was
depriving her of income which could be derived from it.

58 Finally, I note that the following matters are at best neutral. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DCS, para 53(1) to (4).

First, the existence of a covenant or an agreement in the DOT on how to treat
income or rental cannot did not necessarily imply a duty on Richard to let the
Properties. But the absence of an express provision in the DOT imposing a duty
was also not dispositive of the question whether there was an implied duty
because that begs the question. Second, the impetus for the DOT to preserve
the family’s assets is not inconsistent with imposing a duty on the trustee
(Richard) to generate income from the Properties. Third, I did not place
weight on Richard’s view that the DOT would have “no effect” if the marriage
stayed intact. There is no evidence that this would have been the case and his
duties as a trustee are not dependent on the state of the marriage.

Whether Richard was in breach of his duty to let the Properties

59 Having found that Richard, as trustee, had a duty to let the Properties, I
turn to whether he was in breach of such a duty. I begin with two preliminary
points. First, Mr Yeo confirmed that Jocelyn is not claiming for any loss of
rental or other expenses relating to the Properties from 17 August 2017, the
date on which Richard granted her POAs over the Properties. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Agreed List of Issues dated 7 March 2019, para 5.

Second, Mr Yeo conceded that Jocelyn is not making a separate claim against
Richard for outgoings incurred on the Properties as such outgoings are to be
paid from the rental proceeds of the Properties pursuant to clause (b) of the
express covenant in the DOT. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Agreed List of Issues dated 7 March 2019, para 4.

60 For ease of understanding I set out a chronology of events regarding the
Properties.

Date| Events  
---|---  
17 April 2012| DOT is executed. Parties residing at the Wajek Property.  
24 October 2012| Richard moves out of the Wajek Property permanently to live
with Shona.  
May 2013| Construction works commence at properties adjacent to the Wajek
Property.  
13 July 2013| Tenant moves out of the Ampang Property.  
August 2013| Jocelyn moves into the Ampang Property.  
July 2014| Construction works at properties adjacent to the Wajek Property are
completed.  
17 August 2017| POAs executed for the Properties.  
22 January 2019| Wajek Property is tenanted out.  
  
The Ampang Property

61 In relation to the Ampang Property, I find that Richard is not liable for
lost rental from about 14 July 2013 (after the last tenant moved out) to 16
August 2017. I will not deal with the period after 16 August 2017 as Jocelyn
is not claiming for that period. Although Richard owed a duty to rent out the
Ampang Property, I find that this was held in abeyance when Jocelyn moved into
that property from August 2013 and obtained the benefit of her interest in the
property. Her reasons as stated below do not change my finding in this regard.

62 Jocelyn claimed that she moved into the Ampang Property to “maintain [the
Ampang Property] in a tenantable condition, and not let it become
dilapidated”, and that she would “have very willingly moved elsewhere” if a
tenant was found. Also she did not want to live in the Ampang Property because
it was too big. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Jocelyn’s AEIC, paras 83–84; 26/2/19 NE 137.

However, there was no evidence that all these matters were conveyed to
Richard. No doubt, sometime around 13 July 2013, Beh had contacted Richard
about renting out the Ampang Property, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Agreed List of Issues dated 7 March 2019 (undisputed facts); 1AB 64.

but there is no evidence as to what transpired thereafter. If at all, Jocelyn
then moved into the Ampang Property. When asked whether she had told Richard
in August 2013 that she wanted to move out from and rent out the Ampang
Property, Jocelyn equivocated and simply claimed that Richard did not want to
talk to her. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

26/2/19 NE 138.

Apart from the above, there was also no correspondence with Richard, even when
Jocelyn moved into the Ampang Property, to inform him that she did not wish to
reside at the Ampang Property and to ask that he rent it out. This stands in
contrast to how she had explicitly made known to Richard her intention to rent
out the Wajek Property in 2014. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

26/2/19 NE 140; 2AB 767, 2AB 771.

As Jocelyn was residing at the Ampang Property then and was entitled to do so
as she herself claimed, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

1AB 105.

it behoves her to convey her intention clearly to Richard, since he could not
be expected to know that she was there only in a caretaker capacity. Indeed
his lack of understanding is reflected in how his lawyers wrote to Jocelyn’s
lawyers stating that “it is [Richard’s] understanding that [Jocelyn] moved
some furniture from the matrimonial home at [the Wajek Property] and stayed at
[the Ampang Property] temporarily and had apparently changed her mind about
the sale”; 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

1AB 64.

further that “[Richard] has been staying in a room in their daughter’s home,
while [Jocelyn] has been occupying a huge property at [the Ampang Property]
with a swimming pool all to herself”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

3AB 1467.

63 Likewise, Jocelyn’s claim that the Ampang Property was always ready for
letting is also contradicted by her position that “[she] has never denied
[Richard] a place to stay at 25 Jalan Ampang”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

2AB 771.

As late as 12 May 2014, her lawyers wrote to Richard’s lawyers stating that
“[o]ur client proposes that your client move back home. He can take up a
room”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

3AB 1461.

Jocelyn also maintained that the Ampang Property had an annex where Richard
could have stayed. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

26/2/19 NE 157.

64 For completeness there was a short period of about half a month between the
date when the tenant moved out of the Ampang Property on 13 July 2013 and when
Jocelyn moved into it in August 2013. However, given that some time would have
been required to find another tenant, I disallow Jocelyn’s claim for rental
for the remaining period in July 2013.

The Wajek Property

65 In relation to the Wajek Property, I find that Richard owed a duty to let
the property (see [55]–[57] above) and from the point it became unoccupied in
August 2013 until 16 August 2017 (Jocelyn does not claim rental for the period
from 17 August 2017). Jocelyn’s claim for rental for the earlier period of
October 2012 to July 2013 is unsustainable as she was living at the Wajek
Property then and only moved out around August 2013.

66 On 22 July 2014, Jocelyn’s lawyers informed Richard’s lawyers expressly
that Jocelyn wanted to rent out the Wajek Property, and this message was
repeated subsequently. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

1AB 81, 83 and 99; 26/2/19 NE 140.

Having notice of this, it was incumbent on Richard, the trustee, to give
effect to Jocelyn’s directions or wishes, which he did not. Beh had also
contacted Richard, on 13 July 2013, about renting out the Wajek Property. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Agreed list of Issues dated 7 March 2019 (undisputed facts); 1AB 64.

Richard did not adduce evidence to the contrary as to why he should be
relieved of his duty as a trustee to let the property for the period it
remained unoccupied, eg, that Jocelyn had agreed not to let the property
whilst there was construction work going on next door, or that he was unaware
that it had remained empty since August 2013. On the contrary, a letter from
his lawyers even on 2 October 2013 showed that Richard was aware that the
Wajek Property was unoccupied. Jocelyn also testified that although it might
have been difficult to rent out the Wajek Property, this could nevertheless
have been done for less than market rate. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

3AB 1395; 26/2/19 NE 179–180.

67 Next, I am not persuaded that the reasons Richard raised to absolve himself
of his duty to rent afford him any defence.

68 First, the construction at the property adjacent to the Wajek Property from
May 2013 to July 2014 did not make Wajek un-tenantable as Richard alleged. His
own lawyers had, on 6 August 2014, written to Jocelyn’s lawyers stating that
“despite the renovation works, properties along Jalan Wajek had been rented
out by other owners and there was no reason for the Wajek Property to be left
vacant for such a long time”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

1AB 366.

In court, Richard agreed that despite the construction works, the Wajek
Property could still be rented out. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

27/2/19 NE 124.

Given that Richard as trustee had a duty to let the property, it was incumbent
on him to show that he had made some attempts to find a tenant, and there was
no evidence that he did so. If he had genuinely attempted to do so but without
success, I might have come to a different conclusion.

69 Second, Richard alleged that Jocelyn had locked up the Wajek Property and
denied him access to it. On 30 December 2013, Richard’s lawyers wrote to
Jocelyn’s lawyers stating that “Wajek is now empty and [Jocelyn] has refused
to allow [Richard] entry to it”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

1AB 74.

However, this must be read in context. Richard’s lawyers had earlier written
to Jocelyn’s lawyers requesting her to hand over the keys to him as the Wajek
Property was not occupied by Jocelyn then, as Richard intended to move into
the Wajek Property. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

3AB 1395.

Jocelyn’s lawyers then replied to say that Richard had no right to occupy the
Wajek Property as it was not a matrimonial property but held on trust for
Jocelyn. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

3AB 1396.

Further, Richard’s lawyers’ letter of 30 December 2013 did not state that
Jocelyn had refused to allow Richard entry into the Wajek Property in order
for Richard to rent it out – this is unlike what the lawyers stated regarding
the Ampang Property in the same letter.

70 Third, Richard alludes that it was Jocelyn who had acted unreasonably and
“hindered” the rental of the Properties – he had agreed to let the Wajek
Property but subject to the rental proceeds (after paying for related
outgoings) being divided equally between them, but Jocelyn had not agreed to
this. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DCS, paras 65–73; 1AB 102 and 105; Richard’s AEIC, para 62.

However, Richard admitted during cross-examination that he was not entitled to
impose the condition regarding the rental proceeds, as the DOT did not provide
that he would have a half share them. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

27/2/19 NE 126–127; 3AB 1491.

He therefore could not rely on the parties’ failure to agree on the
application of the rental income as a reason for failing or refusing to let
the Wajek Property. Jocelyn, being the beneficial owner of the property
pursuant to the DOT, could not be said to be unreasonable in not agreeing to
share the rental proceeds with Richard. She was entitled to refuse to allow
him to touch these funds, save for expenses relating to the upkeep of the
property (the latter also being consistent with the DOT terms).

71 Fourth, Richard’s financial means or lack thereof afford him no excuse. His
assertion that he lacked the financial means to take steps to let the Wajek
Property is at odds with his acceptance during cross-examination (albeit in
the context of why he did not take steps to set aside the DOT) that he had the
means to commence divorce proceedings. In fairness though, I note Jocelyn’s
acceptance that “just day-to-day survival” was an issue for Richard and that
he would have had no means to make repairs to the Wajek Property. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

26/2/19 NE 184–185.

But even if Richard did lack financial means, there is no reason why he could
not have taken other steps such as executing POAs earlier (which he eventually
did on 17 August 2017), to resolve the problem of him needing to fork out
money to take steps to let the Wajek Property. As early as 22 July 2014,
Jocelyn’s lawyers had written to Richard’s lawyers stating that Jocelyn wanted
Richard to grant her a POA to rent out the Wajek Property. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

1AB 81.

That suggestion was not taken up in further correspondence anytime soon after.
83

##### Foot Note 83

×

1AB 83, 86, 365–367.

72 In conclusion, I find that Richard breached his duty as a trustee to rent
out the Wajek Property from August 2013 to 16 August 2017. He is therefore
liable for loss of rental during this period.

Claim for diminution in value of the Ampang Property

73 Jocelyn pleaded that she suffered a diminution in value of the Ampang
Property of $1.8m because in July 2013 Richard “failed neglected and/or
refused to execute an [OTP] for the sale of [the Ampang Property]” for $8.8m
notwithstanding that she anticipated a drop in property price. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Statement of Claim, para 10.

74 On 8 July 2013, Jocelyn’ lawyers conveyed to Richard that Jocelyn had found
a buyer for the Ampang Property for $8.8m, that Beh had been appointed to
prepare an OTP, that Richard should confirm by 9 July 2013 that he would
execute the OTP, and that the property market had softened and hence an urgent
confirmation was necessary (“Jocelyn’s 8 July 2013 letter”). 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

1AB 51–52.

On 12 July 2013, Richard’s lawyers replied to say that Richard agreed to the
sale of the property, but that the sale proceeds should be divided equally
between Jocelyn and Richard or held by a third party until an agreement could
be reached or a court decision was obtained on the proceeds (“Richard’s 12
July 2013 letter”). 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

1AB 54–55.

No doubt, as a trustee without a beneficial interest, he was not entitled to
impose a condition that the sale proceeds be divided equally.

75 Jocelyn’s 8 July 2013 letter did not attach a draft of the OTP for
Richard’s signature and there is no evidence that a draft OTP had even been
prepared – in fact, the letter stated that “Messrs Jeffrey Beh had been
appointed to prepare the Option for the Sale” [emphasis added]. Interestingly,
a letter dated 20 July 2018 from Beh himself (which was disclosed by Jocelyn’s
lawyers pursuant to a discovery application in this suit) stated that Beh “did
not receive any specific instructions to prepare an Option to Purchase for
[the Ampang Property]”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

2DB 264; 26/2/19 NE 170–174.

76 On 5 August 2013, Richard’s lawyers put on record that Jocelyn’s 8 July
2013 letter was sent to them at 5.13pm on 8 July 2013 (near the close of
office hours) and they did not have sufficient time to take their client’s
instructions before the deadline to respond on 9 July 2013 (“Richard’s 5
August 2013 letter”). 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

1AB 63–64.

I find that it would have been unreasonable to expect Richard’s lawyers to
advise their client and take his instructions within a one-day turnaround
time. It is also telling, from Richard’s 5 August 2013 letter, that the $8.8m
offer for the Ampang Property came about sometime before Jocelyn’s 8 July 2013
letter, yet Jocelyn’s lawyers informed Richard’s lawyers formally on 8 July
2013 about an OTP regarding which she expected a reply by the next day.

77 Even after Richard’s 12 July 2013 letter, there was no word from Jocelyn’s
lawyers or even an OTP sent to Richard’s lawyers. Then on 19 July 2013,
Richard’s lawyers wrote to Jocelyn’s lawyers stating that Richard was keen to
have the property sold for $8.8m and asked for the OTP to be forwarded for
Richard’s signature (“Richard’s 19 July 2013 letter”) 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

1AB 57.

– this time, no conditions were attached by Richard. It was not until 23 July
2013, that Jocelyn’s lawyers then replied, and stating for the first time that
Richard was “required to sign” the OTP by 9 July 2013, and that the sale of
the Ampang Property was not proceeded with (“Jocelyn’s 23 July 2013 letter”).
90

##### Foot Note 90

×

1AB 59.

78 On balance, I was not satisfied that Jocelyn had proved that the diminution
in the value of the Ampang Property (if any) was attributed to Richard’s
failure or refusal to execute an OTP for its sale.

79 Jocelyn has not shown that Richard’s failure to reply in a timely fashion
(or, indeed, any conduct on Richard’s part) caused the abortion of the sale.
Jocelyn’s 8 July 2013 letter had asked for a confirmation by 9 July 2013 that
Richard would execute the OTP, not for Richard to execute the OTP by 9 July
2013. There was no evidence as to when the OTP had to be executed with the
potential buyer, when the sale of the Ampang Property was scheduled to take
place or when the sale was actually aborted. There is also no evidence as to
whether the sale was aborted because Richard had failed to reply in a timely
manner regarding the signing of the OTP. After all, if Jocelyn’s case is that
Richard should have signed the OTP by 9 July 2013 and his failure to do so had
caused the sale to be aborted, there was strangely no evidence that this was
conveyed to Richard (or his lawyers) shortly after 9 July 2013, or even when
Richard’s 12 July 2013 letter was sent to Jocelyn’s lawyers setting out his
proposal for the treatment of the sale proceeds. Significantly, Kelvin’s
evidence was that the offer to purchase Ampang “was never a formal offer in
the form of an option to purchase” as far has he could recall. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

1/3/19 NE 20.

80 More fundamentally, Jocelyn has not shown that there would have been an OTP
available for Richard to execute. She admitted that no such OTP was attached
to Jocelyn’s 8 July 2013 letter, or even in Jocelyn’s 23 July 2013 letter, for
Richard’s signature. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

27/2/19 NE 21–22.

This was even after Richard’s 19 July 2013 letter requesting for the OTP for
him to sign. The draft OTP produced by Jocelyn in discovery which she claimed
Beh had circulated to Richard’s lawyers 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

2DB 268 and 279–283; 27/2/19 NE 11–13, 15.

does not support her case. It was a blank OTP that does not even refer to any
property (let alone the Ampang Property). Jocelyn herself was not sure that
Beh (or his law firm) had circulated the draft OTP to Richard or his lawyers,
and there was in fact no evidence that this was done. To the contrary, Beh
stated in his letter of 20 July 2018 that he never received specific
instructions to prepare an OTP for the Ampang Property. Jocelyn did not call
Beh to show otherwise.

81 Hence, I dismiss Jocelyn’s claim for diminution in value of the Ampang
Property.

82 In view of my conclusion above, there is strictly no need for me to deal
with Richard’s imposition of conditions for the sale, but I deal with Mr
Chiok’s arguments briefly for completeness. Mr Chiok contended that Jocelyn
could have gone ahead with the sale since the condition Richard sought to
impose (this being equal division of the sale proceeds, alternatively that the
sale proceeds be held by a third party to be agreed between Richard and
Jocelyn until they could agree on division or the court pronounced on
division) did not obstruct the sale. Hence she should “[i]n mitigation of her
loss” have accepted the sale and then worked out the distribution of proceeds
with Richard or reserved her rights. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

DCS at para 86; 1AB 54.

These arguments are a non-starter because, as explained above at [74], Richard
as trustee with no beneficial interest in the property had no right to impose
additional conditions of this nature in the first place.

Conclusion

83 In conclusion, I find the DOT to be valid. Jocelyn is entitled to claim
from Richard the loss of rental for the Wajek Property from August 2013 to 16
August 2017 with the quantum to be assessed. However, her claim for loss of
rental for, and diminution in value of, the Ampang Property are dismissed. The
costs of the trial are to be reserved for determination after the assessment
of the loss of rental for the Wajek Property.

84 I add that any loss in rental proceeds subsequently assessed and recovered
are to be deposited into the joint bank account and can be used to pay for
matters relating to the Properties, in accordance with the terms of the DOT.

Audrey Lim  
Judicial Commissioner

Nichol Yeo Lai Hock, Nicholas Narayanan, Chan Bi Qing (JLC Advisors LLP) for
the plaintiff;  
Andy Chiok Beng Piow (JHT Law Corporation) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

