Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 91

HC/Tax Appeal No 17 of 2018

Between

Ong Beng Chong  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Commissioner of Stamp Duties

… Respondent

judgment

[Revenue Law] — [Stamp duties] — [Instruments liable to ad valorem duty]

[Revenue Law] — [Stamp Duties Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ong Beng Chong

  

v

  

Commissioner of Stamp Duties

[2019] SGHC 91

High Court — Tax Appeal No 17 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
1, 19 November 2018, 7 February 2019; 29 March 2019

5 April 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 Ong Beng Chong (“the Appellant”) was the landlord of an undivided plot of
land known as Lot 550P Mukim 13 (“the Land”). This is his appeal pursuant to s
40 of the Stamp Duties Act (Cap 312, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SDA”) against an
assessment of stamp duty by the Commissioner of Stamp Duties (“the
Respondent”). This court was asked to determine whether stamp duty is
chargeable on six instruments (“the Instruments”) relating to the delivery of
vacant possession of:

(a) No. 21 and 23 Meng Suan Road;

(b) No. 22 Meng Suan Road;

(c) No. 24 Meng Suan Road;

(d) No. 26 Meng Suan Road;

(e) No. 27 Meng Suan Road; and

(f) No. 28 Meng Suan Road

(each a “House” and collectively referred to as “the Houses”) to the
Appellant.

2 The Houses were seven terrace houses situated on the Land, built by the
respective tenants who paid ground rent to the Appellant. No land title was
issued in respect of the Houses. The Appellant sought to recover vacant
possession of the Land for the purposes of redevelopment. The Appellant then
entered into five agreements with the respective owners of the Houses (except
No. 24 Meng Suan Road) for the delivery of vacant possession of the Houses in
exchange for payment which ranged between $200,000 to $250,000 (“the
Agreements”). It was undisputed that the Appellant agreed to make this payment
because the tenants, who owned the Houses, had an equity that must be
satisfied before the Appellant can recover vacant possession of his Land (see
Ong Beng Chong v Goh Kim Thong [2010] SGHC 195 (“Goh Kim Thong”) at [7] and
Ong Beng Chong v Jayaram Victoria and another matter (“Jayaram Victoria”)
[2009] SGHC 66 at [37]–[40]).

3 In relation to No. 24 Meng Suan Road, the Court of Appeal by an Order of
Court dated 11 November 2010 (“the Order of Court”) ordered the owner of the
House to deliver vacant possession of his House to the Appellant in exchange
for payment of $200,000 as compensation. On 16 November 2012, the Appellant
sold the Land and the Houses to Meng Suan Development Pte Ltd for $15.5m, and
the Houses were demolished. In 2016, the Respondent conducted stamp duty audit
investigations and determined that stamp duties of $19,700 and penalties of
$35,800 are payable on the Instruments. The Appellant appealed against the
Respondent’s decision which is the issue before this court.

4 Pursuant to s 22 and Article 3 of the First Schedule of the SDA read with
the definition of a “conveyance on sale” under s 2 of the SDA, the Instruments
will be chargeable with stamp duty if the following requirements are
satisfied:

(a) The Instruments are executed in Singapore or relate to any property
situated in Singapore;

(b) The Houses are immovable property; and

(c) There is a conveyance, assignment or transfer on sale of the Houses.

5 I will deal with each requirement in turn. The first requirement is
satisfied as it is incontrovertible that the Houses were situated in
Singapore. In relation to the second requirement, s 2(1) of the Interpretation
Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) defines “immovable property” to include:

[L]and, benefits to arise out of land and things attached to the earth or
permanently fastened to anything attached to the earth[.]

Counsel for the Respondent, Mr Lau Kai Lee submitted that the Houses were
immovable property since they were terrace houses that had to be demolished
for the Land to be redeveloped and as such were permanently fastened to the
Land. Mr Tan Bar Tien, counsel for the Appellant, does not dispute that the
Houses were immovable property. The Houses were for all intent and purposes
fastened to the Land, and I accept counsel’s submission that the Houses were
immovable properties. The second requirement is satisfied.

6 I now move to the third requirement which is the main issue in dispute. Mr
Tan made two submissions. First, he submitted that the Houses being fixtures
on the Land, became part of the Land which belonged to the Appellant and
consequently, it is the Appellant who owned the Houses. As such, Mr Tan argued
that there could be no sale of the Houses to the Appellant when the Appellant
himself was the owner of the Houses. Mr Lau demurred and submitted that the
Houses belonged to the tenants for three reasons:

(a) First, the High Court had previously accepted in Jayaram Victoria and Goh
Kim Thong which involved the same facts that the tenants were the owners of
the Houses in dispute.

(b) Secondly, the Appellant stated in his affidavit dated 5 September 2018
that the tenants were the owners of the Houses.

(c) Thirdly, the Agreements expressly provide that the tenants were the owners
of the Houses.

I accept Mr Lau’s submission in this regard and it is clear that the Houses
were owned by the tenants and not the Appellant. Nevertheless, it is still
necessary to consider whether there was a “conveyance, assignment or transfer
on sale” of the Houses to fulfil the third requirement.

7 Mr Tan’s second submission was that the statutory requirement of a
“conveyance, assignment or transfer on sale” was not satisfied since the
payment of $200,000 - $250,000 was not payment for the sale of the Houses, but
payment for the satisfaction of the equity that each tenant had in their
respective Houses that they built or purchased, and this equity cannot be sold
to the Appellant. Mr Lau relied on Littlewoods Mail Order Stores Ltd v Inland
Revenue Commissioners [1962] 2 WLR 1228 which defines a sale to include the
following four elements:

(d) Parties competent to contract;

(e) Mutual asset;

(f) A thing, the absolute or general property in which is transferred from the
seller to the buyer; and

(g) A price in money paid or promised.

Mr Lau submitted that the instruments reflected a sale of the Houses because
the Houses were transferred from the respective owners to the Appellant in
exchange for payment which ranged between $200,000 – $250,000, and it was not
the tenants’ equity that were sold. In support of his argument, Mr Lau drew a
distinction between why such payment was made – payment in satisfaction of the
tenants’ equity, against how such payment was made – payment for the
expropriation of the Houses. Mr Lau submitted that it is the latter which
attracted stamp duty liability.

8 To determine whether stamp duty is chargeable on the Instruments, it is
necessary to ascertain “the real and true meaning of the instrument … [and]
the description of it given in the instrument itself by the parties is
immaterial” (Tan Kay Thye and others v Commissioner of Stamp Duties [1991] 1
SLR(R) 306 at [5]). The Agreements are worded similarly and expressly state
that the Appellant is to pay to the tenants, a sum which ranged between
$200,000 -– $250,000 for the delivery of vacant possession of the Houses. To
illustrate, cl 3 of the agreement dated 1 April 2011 between the Appellant and
one Foo Sing Fat provides that:

In exchange for delivery of vacant possession of the House the [Appellant]
shall pay to [Foo Sing Fat] the sum of Singapore Dollars Two Hundred Thousand
(S$200,000.00).

The Order of Court similarly states that:

The Appellant shall deliver up vacant possession of No. 24 Meng Suan Road
Singapore 779225 (“the said House”) to [Goh Kim Thong] by 31st of December
2010 in exchange for payment of [$200,000.00 as] compensation.

9 The Appellant who wishes to exercise his common law right to obtain vacant
possession of his Land must compensate his tenants if he wishes to have them
relinquish their tenants’ equity in the Houses without being compensated for
the money expended in building or purchasing the Houses (see Lee Suat Hong v
Teo Lye [1987] SLR(R) 70 at [22]). This equity may be satisfied in various
ways and in this instance, it was best satisfied by way of monetary
compensation (See Low Heng Leong Andy v Low Kian Beng Lawrence (administrator
of the estate of Tan Ah Kng, deceased) [2013] 3 SLR 710 at [25]–[27]). In most
cases, the landlord owns the houses on the land. In this case, the Houses were
constructed or purchased by the tenants, and thus the tenants not the landlord
owned the Houses. This is the only difference, but it does not stop the
landlord from evicting the tenants, all it means is that any equitable
compensation has to be higher to reflect the expenses incurred by the tenants
in building or purchasing the Houses. The Instruments were drafted as payment
for the delivery of vacant possession of the Houses for the Appellant to
recover vacant possession of his Land. This is the “real and true meaning of
the instrument”, and I am of the view that compensation in satisfaction of
equity does not fall within the meaning of a “conveyance on sale” of the
Property, nor is it deemed to be one by any other provision in the SDA.
Therefore, the third requirement is not satisfied and the Instruments are not
chargeable with stamp duty.

10 For the reasons above, I allow the appeal and for the avoidance of doubt,
hold that no penalties pursuant to s 46 of the SDA are payable. Costs to
follow the event and be taxed if not agreed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Tan Bar Tien and Tan Xin Er, Slyvie (B T Tan & Company) for the Appellant;  
Lau Kai Lee and Shawn Joo Jian Hua (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (Law
Division)) for the Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

