Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 230

District Court Appeal No 6 of 2019

Between

| Kim Hock Corporation Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Mookan Sadaiyakumar  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

District Court Appeal No 7 of 2019

Between

| Mookan Sadaiyakumar  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Kim Hock Corporation Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Objections]

[Evidence] — [Proof of evidence] — [Judicial notice]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mookan Sadaiyakumar

  

v

  

Kim Hock Corp Pte Ltd and another appeal

[2019] SGHC 230

High Court — District Court Appeal Nos 7 and 6 of 2019  
Dedar Singh Gill JC  
27 June 2019

27 September 2019 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill JC:

1 This decision concerns two cross-appeals against the District Judge’s (“DJ”)
decision on 18 February 2019 (see Mookan Sadaiyakumar v Kim Hock Corporation
Pte Ltd [2019] SGDC 34) that Mookan Sadaiyakumar (“the plaintiff”) and Kim
Hock Corporation Pte Ltd (“the defendant”) are equally liable in negligence
for a workplace accident on 8 August 2016.

Undisputed facts

2 The defendant is in the business of collecting scrap materials, recycling
waste materials, and operating power plants, among other things. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

AEIC of Joshua Sashiram Lall Hari Lall at para 2.

A part of its business involves converting waste wood into energy. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AEIC of Joshua Sashiram Lall Hari Lall at para 2.

3 The conversion process takes place in a boiler furnace where wood is burnt
to produce heat. The residual burnt ash from the furnace falls through “rotary
valves” and eventually into an ash bin. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AEIC of Joshua Sashiram Lall Hari Lall at para 3.

The rotary valves may on occasion stall or malfunction if the waste material
entering the system becomes attached with metallic objects, like nails. This
causes the valves to stop operating. A red signal then flashes on the monitor
in the Control Room and an alarm is triggered. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AEIC of Joshua Sashiram Lall Hari Lall at para 4.

When this happens, the defendant’s shift supervisor sends a worker like the
plaintiff to inspect and remove the metallic object lodged in the valve. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AEIC of Joshua Sashiram Lall Hari Lall at para 4.

4 The rotary valves, once tripped, do not re-start automatically until someone
takes active steps to re-start the operation of the furnace involved. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NE, Day 1, 68:3 – 68:20.

5 It is undisputed that the plaintiff injured several fingers in one of the
rotary valves operated by the defendant. The accident took place on 8 August
2016 at the defendant’s workplace, 11 Shipyard Crescent. The plaintiff was an
employee of the defendant at the material time of the accident.

The decision below

6 The trial before the DJ centred on the issue of whether the defendant was
liable to the plaintiff under the tort of negligence for the workplace injury.
At trial, the plaintiff testified for himself while the defendant called three
witnesses, including the plaintiff’s supervisor, Joshua Sashiram Lall Hari
Lall (“Joshua”).

7 The plaintiff’s case was that Joshua told him that rotary valve T1 No.3 had
tripped. The plaintiff then went to valve T1 No.3 and removed the chamber
cover of the inspection chamber. According to the plaintiff, the valve was not
in operation at this point in time. He claimed that as he was removing a short
steel bar in the housing of the rotary valve, the rotary valve suddenly “came
back to life”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AEIC of Mookan Sadaiyakumar at paras 10 and 11.

This caused several fingers on his right hand to be crushed. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Joint Record of Appeal volume 2 at page 365.

8 The defendants’ case was that it was not possible for a tripped rotary valve
to come back to life unless a certain process was observed. Once a rotary
valve tripped, the supervisor had to go to a breaker control panel, which was
away from the main control panel, to re-set the breaker, before going back to
the main monitor panel to re-set the alarm. Lastly, the supervisor would have
to go to the on/off switch to restart the rotary valve. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AEIC of Joshua Sashiram Lall Hari Lall at para 10b; GD at [12].

On the defendant’s version of events, the plaintiff had gone to the wrong
rotary valve, T1 no.3 instead of T2 no.8. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AEIC of Joshua Sashiram Lall Hari Lall at paras 5 and 6.

Unfortunately for the plaintiff, the former valve was in operation at the
time.

9 The DJ did not accept the plaintiff’s version of events. This was because
the plaintiff’s testimony that the rotary valve had come back to life after he
began to remove the short steel bar within it was “implausible”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

GD at [15].

The DJ accepted the defendants’ evidence that the plaintiff had gone to the
wrong furnace, T1 no.3. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

GD at [20].

The plaintiff had failed to notice that T1 no.3 was in a state of operation
and carelessly proceeded to place his hand into the rotary valve’s housing
chamber. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

GD at [20].

10 Although the DJ did not accept the central pillar of the plaintiff’s case,
viz. that the rotary valve T1 no.3 had suddenly come back to life as he was
removing the foreign object within it, he held that the defendant was
partially liable in negligence. After watching a video of the furnaces
operating, the DJ observed that the rotary valve would continue to operate
even when its chamber door was opened by a worker. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

GD at pp 8 – 9.

The rotary valve did not have an automatic tripping system which stopped the
operation of the machine when the chamber door was opened. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

GD at p 11.

In the DJ’s view, the operation of the machine in such a manner failed to take
into account staff safety and was unsafe. The defendant was therefore
negligent. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

GD at [30].

After assessing both parties’ relative blameworthiness, the DJ apportioned
liability between them at 50:50. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

GD at [32] – [35].

The parties’ cases

The defendants’ case

11 The defendant’s first submission was that the fact of the failure of the
rotary valve to have an “automatic tripping system” was not adequately
pleaded. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 6 of 2019 at para 8.

The plaintiff also failed to provide any evidence in his affidavit that the
rotary valve system was unsafe. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 6 of 2019 at para 9.

The plaintiff did not run his case at trial on the basis that the rotary valve
system was unsafe, and simply “chanced” on a comment made by the DJ at trial.
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 6 of 2019 at para 10.

12 The defendant’s second submission was that the finding of liability, which
was based on the absence of an automatic tripping system in the rotary valve,
could not have been made on the basis of “judicial notice”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 6 of 2019 at para 21.

It was not specifically pleaded or proved to be “so obvious” that any
reasonable and prudent employer would have installed such a system. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 6 of 2019 at para 32.

13 The defendant also counterclaimed for 100% of the medical expenses incurred
by, and medical leave wages paid out to, the plaintiff. This was on the basis
that the plaintiff had been unjustly enriched. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 4.

The plaintiff’s case

14 The plaintiff raised a number of matters which in his view the DJ failed to
take into account in arriving at his decision. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 7 of 2019 at para 16.

These may be classified into the following broad submissions.

(a) The rotary valve which tripped was valve T1 no.3 and not valve T2 no.8.
The DJ was wrong to conclude otherwise. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 7 of 2019 at para 16(b) to (d).

(b) The defendant had failed to effectively communicate to the plaintiff the
correct identity of the rotary valve that he was supposed to work on. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 7 of 2019 at para 16(a).

(c) Someone in the control room had re-started the rotary valve when the
plaintiff was removing the steel bar from the rotary valve. Alternatively, the
rotary valve re-started on its own, causing the plaintiff’s fingers to be
crushed. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 7 of 2019 at para 16(j).

(d) The defendant disregarded the manufacturer’s manual by failing to install
an emergency on/off switch at the rotary valve, and by ignoring the
possibility that the valve would suddenly start up. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 7 of 2019 at paras 16(h)(i).

15 Lastly, the DJ was wrong to find that the plaintiff had been “unthinking
and almost reckless” and therefore contributorily negligent. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 7 of 2019 at para 14.

Issues to be determined

16 I deal with both appeals holistically. The following issues arise.

17 First, whether the DJ was correct in finding that the plaintiff had gone to
the wrong rotary valve, ie, T1 no.3 instead of T2 no.8.

18 Second, whether the plaintiff’s submission that the defendant had failed to
install an automatic tripping mechanism in the rotary valve had been
adequately pleaded.

19 Third, whether there was sufficient evidence of the defendant’s negligence.

20 Fourth, whether the DJ was entitled to take “judicial notice” of the “fact”
that the furnace was unsafe because the rotary valve did not have an automatic
tripping mechanism. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 6 of 2019 at para 32.

21 Fifth, whether the defendant’s counterclaim for unjust enrichment was
adequately pleaded.

The decision

Whether the DJ was correct in finding that the plaintiff had gone to the wrong
rotary valve

22 The plaintiff highlighted the following matters, inter alia, that the DJ
failed to take into account in finding that the plaintiff had gone to the
wrong rotary valve, ie, T1 no.3:

(a) in the notification of accident lodged by the defendant with the Ministry
of Manpower (“the i-report”), the defendant did not report that the plaintiff
had gone to the wrong rotary valve; 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 7 of 2019 at para 16(c); Record of Appeal, Volume
3, pp 399 – 401.

(b) the accident and incident report prepared by the defendant’s investigation
team, consisting of Work Safety & Health Officer Arun and Plant Engineer
Clement, stated that rotary valve T1 no.3 was not in motion at the time of the
accident; and 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 7 of 2019 at para 16(d); Record of Appeal, Volume
3, pp 538 – 539.

(c) during cross-examination, Sunderesan Sanmugam (DW2), testified that he
concurred with everything that was stated in the i-report. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 7 of 2019 at para 16(d); Record of Appeal, Volume
1, pp 217 – 219.

23 In my view, none of the above matters demonstrate that the DJ was wrong in
concluding that the plaintiff had gone to the wrong rotary valve. Even if the
i-report fails to mention that the plaintiff had gone to the wrong rotary
valve, the plaintiff’s case that the rotary valve had suddenly “come back to
life” as he was removing the steel bar from the chamber is inherently
improbable or near impossible. Given the nature of the process required before
a tripped rotary valve can “come back to life” – this requiring all three of
the breaker, alarm, and on/off switch to be manually switched back on – I
agree with the DJ that the rotary valve which the plaintiff had gone to could
not have “tripped” at the material time of the accident. The only logical
explanation is that the plaintiff had gone to a rotary valve which was in a
state of operation at the time. I note that the plaintiff himself agreed at
trial that the rotary valve could not simply re-start on its own unless a
certain process was followed. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE, Day 1, 68:3 – 68:20.

24 There is simply insufficient evidence supporting the plaintiff’s claim that
the valve that he had first gone to was tripped and subsequently “came to
life”. During the oral hearing, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NEs, 27 June 2019, page 14, lines 5 to 31.

counsel for the plaintiff highlighted that the rotary valve manual contained a
singular line stating “sudden start-up of valve can cause serious injury”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Record of Appeal, Volume 3, pp 488 and 499.

According to him, this line was sufficient to show a possibility that the
valve could be re-activated on its own. In my view, the word “sudden” does not
imply that the valve could be re-activated on its own without human
intervention. Even if I took the manual to be saying this, it does not provide
evidence of how likely this is, or under what circumstances such autonomous
re-activation might take place. Short of such evidence, I cannot entertain the
plaintiff’s case that the rotary valve had come to life on its own.

Whether the plaintiff’s submission that the defendant had failed to install an
automatic tripping mechanism was adequately pleaded

25 A party is required by O 18 r 7(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2014 Rev Ed) to set out in his pleadings all material facts on which he relies
for his claim. The fundamental purpose of pleadings is to define the issues
and inform the opponent in advance of the case he has to meet, so that he may
take steps to deal with the case: Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito and
another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 308 at [168]; Farrell (formerly
McLaughlin) v Secretary of State for Defence [1980] 1 WLR 172 at 180. This
will prevent parties from being caught by surprise at trial: Tat Seng Machine
Movers Pte Ltd v Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1101 at [76].

26 In China Construction (South Pacific) Development Co Pte Ltd v Shao Hai
[2004] 2 SLR(R) 479 (“China Construction”), the plaintiff was involved in a
fight at the work site, which resulted in him suffering hand fractures. The
plaintiff sued the defendant for negligence at common law, claiming that it
had, inter alia, failed to provide a safe system of work. After the trial, the
district judge made a finding that there was “chaos” in the defendant’s system
of work because a tower crane had broken down. In his view, this gave rise to
a “volatile mix”. This arose from the fact that the metal workers had to work
in close proximity with the carpenters; the two groups would be working at a
height and it would therefore be extremely likely that they would get in each
other’s way (at [25]). In the plaintiff’s Statement of Claim, it had been
pleaded that the system of work was unsafe because the defendant had (at
[26]), “(a) given deadlines to its workers which put them under pressure; (b)
failed to provide sufficient formwork and/or make formwork easily accessible;
and (c) failed to train its workers to follow proper procedures and not take
formwork away from another worker”. On appeal, Prakash J (as she then was)
noted that the finding of the judge that there had been a “volatile mix” was
not raised in the pleadings or affidavit. The allegations in relation to the
“volatile mix” were raised only in cross-examination and it was held that they
ought to have been rejected by the district judge. Given that a court is not
allowed to give a decision on material facts which have not been pleaded,
Prakash J rejected the district judge’s finding that there had been a
“volatile mix” (at [26] and [27]).

27 Like China Construction, I find that the DJ here similarly made a decision
on a fact which had not been pleaded, ie, the defendant’s failure to install
an automatic tripping mechanism.

28 In the DJ’s view, the defendant’s failure to install an automatic tripping
mechanism in the rotary valves was adequately pleaded at paragraph 9(a) and
9(b) of the plaintiff’s Statement of Claim. The pleading reads:

a. In breach of Section 11 of the [Workplace Safety and Health Act], failing
to fulfil the duty of the occupier by taking such reasonably practicable
measures to ensure that the workplace of the [plaintiff] and all plant,
machinery and equipment kept in the factory were safe and without risk to
health of the [plaintiff];

b. In breach of section 12(1) and 12(3) of the [Workplace Safety and Health
Act], failing to fulfil the duty of the employer by providing and maintain
[sic] for him a safe and adequate work environment as regards facilities and
arrangements for his welfare at work.

29 In its respondent’s case for DCA No 6 of 2019, the plaintiff submitted that
it had elaborated on its position that the defendant had failed to install an
automatic tripping mechanism at paragraphs 9(f), 9(i), 9(j) and 9(n) of its
Statement of Claim. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Respondent’s Case in DCA No 6 of 2019 at para 5.

They read as follows:

f. Failing to ensure that the valve would not suddenly rotate while the
[plaintiff] was carrying out the task;

i. Failing to ensure that the operator would not suddenly re-activate the
rotation of the valve while the [plaintiff] was carrying out the task;

j. Failing to ensure that the operator give any or any sufficient notice or
warning to the [plaintiff] before re-activating the rotation of the valve; and

n. Failing to establish a safe system of work for the removal of ash item
[sic] in the Factory and to ensure that the [defendant’s] employees, servants
and/or agents strictly comply with that system.

30 In my view, the pleadings at paragraphs 9(a) and 9(b) of the plaintiff’s
Statement of Claim are less than adequate. Both paragraphs are too general,
and mention nothing of the defendant’s failure to install an automatic
tripping mechanism in any of the rotary valves. It is not possible for the
defendant to be aware of this aspect of the plaintiff’s case on the basis of
such general pleadings. The plaintiff’s entire case at trial had nothing to do
with the defendant’s failure to install an automatic tripping mechanism.
Although the plaintiff’s counsel asked questions relating to the various
safety features that were allegedly absent in the rotary valve system, he
failed to specifically query about the defendant’s failure to install an
automatic tripping mechanism. In any event, the plaintiff cannot escape the
consequences of inadequate pleading by pointing to the fact that he had raised
the unpleaded facts during cross-examination. I also observe that the failure
to install the automatic tripping mechanism was not mentioned in the
plaintiff’s affidavit. Given the circumstances, I cannot hold that the
pleadings at paragraphs 9(a) and 9(b) are adequate to support the plaintiff’s
belated allegation. Paragraphs 9(f), 9(i) and 9(j) do not speak of this aspect
of the plaintiff’s case, which is that the defendant failed to install an
automatic tripping mechanism if someone was to open the rotary valve. They
instead refer to the defendant’s failure to ensure that the valve would not
suddenly rotate or suddenly re-activate. As for paragraph 9(n), this was again
too general and mentions nothing of the defendant’s failure to install an
automatic tripping mechanism. As I have stated above, the purpose of pleadings
is to define the issues with sufficient particularity so that the opponent can
take steps to deal with the case and is not caught by surprise. In this case,
the phrase “failing to establish a safe system of work” is capable of
encompassing a very broad range of matters and does not permit the defendant
to know in advance the case which it has to meet.

31 I note that there had been no application to court for an amendment of the
pleadings. Having determined that the existing pleadings are inadequate, and
given that a judgment cannot be allowed to stand on an unpleaded point (see
China Construction at [26]), I allow the defendant’s appeal. Accordingly, I
also dismiss the plaintiff’s appeal against the DJ’s finding of contributory
negligence.

Whether there was sufficient evidence of the defendant’s negligence

32 Even if I am wrong on the pleadings point, there is insufficient evidence
to prove negligence on the defendant’s part in failing to install an automatic
tripping mechanism for the rotary valve machines.

33 It is trite law that in order to succeed in a claim under the tort of
negligence, a claimant has to establish that (a) the defendant owes the
claimant a duty of care; (b) the defendant has breached that duty of care by
acting (or omitting to act) below the standard of care required of it; (c) the
defendant’s breach has caused the claimant damage; (d) the claimant’s losses
arising from the defendant’s breach are not too remote; and (e) such losses
can be adequately proved and quantified: Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v
Defence Science & Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 at [21].

34 In my view, the plaintiff has not proved that the defendant has breached
the duty of care owed by acting below the standard of care required of it. The
standard of care is the general objective standard of a reasonable person
using ordinary care and skill: Miah Rasel v 5 Ways Engineering Services Pte
Ltd [2018] 3 SLR 480 at [30]. A number of variables go towards determining the
appropriate standard of care: the likelihood and risks of harm, the extent of
harm, the costs of avoiding the harm, the defendant’s conduct of activity, the
hazard or danger posed to the plaintiff and the industry standards or common
practice (see BNM (administratrix of the estate of B, deceased) on her own
behalf and on behalf of others v National University of Singapore and another
[2014] 2 SLR 258 at [63] citing Gary Chan Kok Yew & Lee Pey Woan, The Law of
Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2011) at paras 5.013–5.035). In this
case, there was no evidence adduced by the plaintiff to show that the industry
practice required the defendant to install rotary valves with an automatic
tripping mechanism. I also observe that the rotary valve machines were being
sold commercially without an automatic tripping mechanism, ie. there was no
indication by the plaintiff that there was an automatic tripping mechanism
commercially available in the market, and that the defendant was careless in
failing to procure it. Under the circumstances, I find that the defendant had
not breached its duty of care owed to the plaintiff. The plaintiff has
therefore failed to prove one of the essential elements in a claim for
negligence.

Whether the DJ was entitled to take judicial notice

35 The law on judicial notice was extensively canvassed in Zheng Yu Shan v
Lian Beng Construction (1998) Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 587 at [19] to [33]
(“Zheng Yu Shan”). I summarise the important principles.

36 Section 59 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the EA”) provides an
exception to the general rule that all facts in issue and all relevant facts
must be proved by evidence. This provision allows the court to take judicial
notice of certain categories of facts.

37 It has been held that the draftsman’s clear intention was not to provide in
s 59 of the EA an exhaustive list of facts of which judicial notice may be
taken, and that it is therefore permissible to apply the common law doctrine
of judicial notice to determine which matters outside the confines of ss 59(1)
and 59(2) are judicially noticeable (see Zheng Yu Shan at [24]).

38 At common law, there are two broad categories of facts of which judicial
notice may be taken. The first are facts which are so notorious or so clearly
established that they are beyond the subject of reasonable dispute. The second
category comprises specific facts which are capable of being immediately and
accurately shown to exist by authoritative sources (see Zheng Yu Shan at [25]
and [27]). A fact is considered notorious or clearly established if (Sudipto
Sarkar & V R Manohar, Sarkar’s Law of Evidence (Wadhwa & Co, 16th Ed, 2007) at
p 1133, cited in Zheng Yu Shan at [27]):

…its existence or operation is accepted by the public without qualification or
contention. The test is whether sufficient notoriety attaches to the fact
involved as to make it proper to assume its existence without proof. The fact
that a belief is not universal, however, is not controlling, for there is
scarcely any belief that is accepted by everyone. Those matters familiarly
known to the majority of mankind or those persons familiar with the particular
matter in question are properly within the concept of judicial notice.

39 At [30] of the GD, the DJ stated:

I was of the view that either (a) a chamber cover which could be opened while
the furnace was operating, without triggering a trip, or (b) a furnace was one
whose cover could open while it was operating, simply failed to take account
of staff safety. It was an obvious omission. On either account, the furnace
was unsafe and the defendant was negligent. …

[emphasis added]

40 Although the DJ did not use the term “judicial notice”, the defendant
characterised the finding of fact above as being based on judicial notice. The
defendant submitted that: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Appellant’s Case in DCA No 6 of 2019 at paras 27 and 32.

27\. …The DJ had erred when he failed to realise that his concerns [of safety]
ought to be addressed by way of hard evidence and not by an assumption. If the
concern on the “automatic trip system” was notorious or obvious, why would the
manufacturers who designed and manufactured the furnace not install the
“automatic trip system”?...

32\. …The DJ erred in law and fact when he made the finding that the failure
to install the automatic tripping system had rendered the furnace unsafe. …

41 I am also of the view that the DJ took judicial notice, even though this
was not explicitly stated. It is apparent from the GD that the DJ did not
arrive at the finding that the furnace was “unsafe” based on any evidence
which was adduced. Indeed, there was no evidence available before the court
that the furnace was unsafe because of the defendant’s failure to install an
automatic tripping mechanism.

42 Based on [30] of the GD, it appears that what the DJ took judicial notice
of was the “fact” that the furnace was unsafe on account of the defendant’s
failure to install an automatic tripping mechanism. This “fact” does not fall
within any of the enumerated categories of facts under s 59 of the EA. Despite
the DJ’s suggestion at [30] of the GD that the lack of an automatic tripping
mechanism and the fact that the furnace did not stay locked even when it was
in operation was “an obvious source of danger”, the safety of the furnace is
clearly not a fact which is so notorious or so clearly established that it is
beyond the subject of reasonable dispute. The safety, or the lack thereof, is
a fact-sensitive assessment to be made on a holistic consideration of all the
evidence adduced. It is clear that such specific “facts” are not intended to
fall within the first category at common law. In this case, the plaintiff also
failed to point to any authoritative source which would enable me to take
judicial notice of the fact that the defendant’s failure to install the
automatic tripping mechanism was unsafe. Thus, this fact cannot fall within
the second category of judicially noticeable facts set out in Zheng Yu Shan as
well.

Whether the defendant’s counterclaim in unjust enrichment was adequately
pleaded

43 The DJ below, relying on Alam Jahangir v Mega Metal Pte Ltd [2018] SGHC 198
at [11]–[13], ordered the plaintiff to pay 50% of the medical expenses and
medical leave wages. On appeal, the defendant seeks 100% of the sums expended.
This counterclaim for the said sums is premised on “unjust enrichment”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Joint Record of Appeal, para 12.

In my view, this has not been adequately pleaded.

44 As I have stated above at [25], a party is required by O 18 r 7(1) of the
Rules of Court to set out in his pleadings all material facts on which he
relies for his claim. In an unjust enrichment claim, this includes pleading
the specific unjust factor upon which the defendant relies. In Red Star Marine
Consultants Pte Ltd v Personal Representatives of the Estate of Satwant Kaur
d/o Sardara Singh, deceased and another (“Red Star”) [2019] SGHC 144, the
court rejected the plaintiff’s claims in unjust enrichment as they were not
adequately pleaded, stating at [50]–[51]:

51\. The plaintiff’s claim simply asserted that the defendants were liable to
it in unjust enrichment without identifying a particular recognised unjust
factor or event which would give rise to a claim. As the Court of Appeal
stated in Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the
estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 at [134]
[(“Anna Wee”)]:

‘It is important to reiterate that there is no freestanding claim in unjust
enrichment on the abstract basis that it is “unjust” for the defendant to
retain the benefit – there must be a particular recognised unjust factor or
event which gives rise a claim. The following observations by Prof Birks in a
seminal article are, in this regard, apposite (see Peter Birks, “The English
recognition of unjust enrichment” [1991] LMCLQ 473 (at 482)):

Unjust’ is the generalization of all the factors which the law recognises as
calling for restitution. Hence, at the lower level of generality the plaintiff
must put his finger on a specific ground for restitution, a circumstance
recognised as rendering the defendant’s enrichment ‘unjust’ and therefore
reversible.

[emphasis in original]

45 The court found the failure to identify a recognised unjust factor or event
to be fatal to the plaintiff’s claims in unjust enrichment: Red Star at [52].

46 Reading the defendant’s pleadings generously, I take the defendant to be
referring to the “absence of basis” doctrine in unjust enrichment when it
stated in its counterclaim at paragraph 3 that it was not legally obliged to
pay for the expended sums: this ground permits restitution when the recipient
of money retains it without a legal basis. However, this ground of restitution
has not “yet [taken] root within the common law of restitution and unjust
enrichment, and has generally appeared not, as yet, to have found favour
amongst scholars in this particular field of law” (see Anna Wee at [129]), and
has also been described as a topic of controversy (see also Ochroid Trading
Ltd and another v Chua Siok Lui (trading as VIE Import & Export) and another
[2018] 1 SLR 363 at [140]). As the defendant failed to specify a recognised
ground of restitution in its pleadings, and because “absence of basis” is a
doctrine which is not yet recognised under Singapore law, I allow the
plaintiff’s appeal against the defendant’s counterclaim.

Conclusion

47 It is with a heavy heart that I have ruled against the plaintiff’s claim.

48 I would like to make the following concluding remarks which are of general
application. The Work Injury Compensation Act (Cap 354, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WICA”)
establishes a statutory compensation scheme available to employees who suffer
injuries in the course of employment. The statutory scheme has its advantages
and disadvantages vis-à-vis a common law claim in negligence, some of which
are not always thoroughly considered. It is meant to provide a quick basic no-
fault compensation for (a) employees injured by accidents during or arising in
employment, where the compensation is for the employee (and his estate if
relevant); and (b) dependants for loss of dependency: China Taiping Insurance
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and another v Low Yi Lian Cindy and others [2018] 4 SLR
523 (“China Taiping”) at [19]. It is generally also a lower cost alternative
to pursuing a common law claim for damages arising from workplace negligence:
SGB Starkstrom Pte Ltd v Commissioner for Labour [2016] 3 SLR 598 at [1].
However, in order to successfully claim under WICA, an injured worker must
make a claim for compensation within one year from the date of the accident,
or in the case of death, within one year from the date of the death: s
11(1)(b) of WICA. There are also other statutory rules which the injured
worker must comply with to make out a successful WICA claim. The procedure for
a WICA claim has been explained in greater detail in China Taiping at [25] –
[46].

49 The duty of counsel is to advise an injured worker on the appropriate
course of action to take by carefully weighing the relative pros and cons of a
WICA claim vis-à-vis a common law claim. This should be done having regard to
the strength of the available evidence, which either supports or denies the
claim. While an injured worker may well believe that he stands to gain a
larger sum if he were to successfully claim at common law (given that there
are fixed limits to the sums of compensation awarded to a worker under a WICA
claim), the job of his counsel is to closely scrutinise the evidence and
assess whether all the elements of a claim in negligence can be satisfied.
This includes understanding the workings of the machinery, if any, to
determine if the worker’s version of events is plausible in so far as the
operation of the machinery is concerned. It is only if counsel forms the view
that the worker has a prima facie case that he should advise the worker to
proceed with a common law claim.

50 The injured worker, if he is considering a common law claim, should consult
his solicitor as soon as possible whilst the events are still fresh in his
mind and provide him with a faithful account of the events leading up to the
accident. The worker should not view the common law claim as a “game of
chance” to gain more in the event of a successful claim. He will end up with
nothing, despite having suffered from an injury, if his claim cannot be
established.

51 I award costs to be paid by the plaintiff to the defendant, fixed at
$5,000, inclusive of disbursements.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judicial Commissioner

Ramasamy s/o Karuppan Chettiar (Central Chambers Law Corporation) for the
appellant in DCA 6/2019 and the respondent in DCA 7/2019;  
Shanker Kumar K (Hoh Law Corporation) for the respondent in DCA 6/2019 and the
appellant in DCA 7/2019.  
  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

