Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 258

Originating Summons No 1010 of 2018

Between

Ng Tze Chew Diana  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Aikco Construction Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

Originating Summons No 1108 of 2018  
(Summons No 5038 of 2018)

Between

Aikco Construction Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Ng Tze Chew Diana  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Breach of natural justice]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ng Tze Chew Diana

  

v

  

Aikco Construction Pte Ltd and another matter

[2019] SGHC 258

High Court — Originating Summons Nos 1010 of 2018 and 1108 of 2018 (Summons No
5038 of 2018)  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
3 December 2018, 28, 30 January 2019

5 November 2019 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

Introduction

1 This is an application to set aside an arbitral award on the basis that
there have been breaches of natural justice. There is also an accompanying
application to set aside the leave that has been granted to enforce the
arbitral award. The thrust of the application is that the arbitrator failed to
determine issues that were in dispute, that he ignored certain submissions and
that he had conducted himself in a manner which showed an apparent bias on his
part. As a result, it is alleged that the claimant in the arbitration was
deprived of the award of damages in several material respects. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) paras 4 and 29.

The task of this court is to determine whether these claims for breach of
natural justice have any basis.

Facts

The parties

2 The applicant is the owner of a property situated at Jalan Sedap in
Singapore (“the property”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ng Tze Chiew Diana’s first affidavit dated 17 August 2018 (“NTC1”) p 2 para 5.

3 The respondent is the main contractor who the applicant appointed for a
project involving the construction of a two-storey semi-detached house on the
property. The contract between the applicant and respondent in this regard
(“the contract”) was dated 27 May 2009, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NTC1 p 718.

and it incorporated the Singapore Institute of Architects Articles and
Conditions of Building Contract (7th Edition, 2005) (“the SIA Conditions”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NTC1 p 714, clause 3.3 and pp 719 – 772.

Background to the dispute

4 The construction on the property did not proceed smoothly. The commencement
of the works began on 25 June 2009 and was to have been completed within 12
months, that is, by 25 June 2010 (“the contract completion date”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NTC1 para 9 and p 714, clause 4.1; Michael Sng Boh Kwang’s first affidavit
(“MS1”) para 9.

However, the work took longer than that.

5 On 4 January 2011, the architect appointed under the contract, Mr Liu Yaw
Lin (“Mr Liu”), issued a delay certificate certifying that the works were in
delay as of 23 November 2010 (“the first delay certificate”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NTC1 p 773.

This implied that an extension of time had been given to the respondent to
complete the contract works up to 22 November 2010.

6 On 8 March 2011, the architect issued the completion certificate which
certified that that the works “appear to have been completed and to comply
with the [contract] in all respects”. The date stipulated by the architect as
the date of actual completion was 19 January 2011. The maintenance period of
the contract works was stipulated to commence on 19 January 2011, and would
end a year later on 19 January 2012. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

MS1 p 71.

7 While the temporary occupation permit (“TOP”) was issued on 2 February 2011
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

MS1 p 70.

and the property was handed over on 4 July 2011, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

MS1 para 9, S/N 7.

the applicant claimed that there were numerous defects in the completed works
that required rectification. Up to 30 May 2012, after the maintenance period
had expired, the respondent continued to carry out rectification works on
these alleged defects from time to time. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NTC1 para 12.

8 In October 2012, the applicant commenced separate arbitration proceedings
against the respondent and the architect with respect to the delay in
completion and defects in the works. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NTC1 para 13; MS1 para 11.

9 The applicant settled her claim against the architect on terms which are
confidential and the arbitration proceedings against him were withdrawn. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

MS1 para 16.

Subsequent to this, the architect issued another delay certificate on 26
October 2015 (“the second delay certificate”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

MS1 para 16; NTC1 p 774.

In this document, he purported to grant an extension of time of ten days for
the respondent to complete the works. While it is not specifically stated in
the certificate, it appears clear to me that the architect was referring to
ten business days. Hence, according to the architect, the last day for the
respondent to complete the works was on 8 July 2010 instead of 24 June 2010.
As such, under the second delay certificate, the respondent was in delay from
9 July 2010 to the date of actual completion, 19 January 2011, this being a
period of slightly over six months. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NTC1 p 774.

The arbitration proceedings against the respondent

10 The arbitration brought against the respondent was commenced pursuant to
the arbitration agreement in the SIA Conditions. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NTC1 p 767.

A sole arbitrator was appointed. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NTC1 p 52.

11 The claims brought by the applicant against the respondent were for damages
for breach of the contract. There were various heads of claims which are as
follows: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

MS1 pp 80 – 81.

(a) S$89,215.26 for discrepancies between the as-built condition of the house
and the construction drawings issued by the architect; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

MS1 para 11.1 (wrongly stated as $89,245.26) and p 81, para 10.5.

(b) S$374,305.24 for the costs of rectifying various defects in the works; 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

MS1 para 11.2 and p 81, para 10.4.

(c) S$522,000 for loss of rental for the period of 20 January 2011 to 31
December 2017; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

MS1 pp 80 and 111, at para 36.1.

and

(d) S$1,200,000 for loss in value of the property. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

MS1 para 11.4 and p 111 at para 36.2.

12 The applicant also had a claim for liquidated damages in the amount of
S$58,500 for delay in the completion of the works. This was calculated on the
basis of the contractually stipulated rate of S$300 per day of delay for the
period from 9 July 2010 to 19 January 2011. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

MS1 para 11.5 and p 80.

13 The respondent counterclaimed against the applicant for the outstanding sum
owed under the contract, which was quantified in the amount of S$135,676.58.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

MS1 p 81, para 11.1.

The respondent also counterclaimed S$54,304 for additional labour costs. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

MS1 p 81, para 11.2.

14 The arbitration hearing took place over two tranches in July 2016 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NTC1 pp 83 – 85.

and October to November 2016. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NTC1 p 91.

In July 2017, the arbitrator notified parties that his award was ready for
collection, subject to the payment of the outstanding fees and expenses of the
arbitration. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Ng Tze Chiew Diana’s first affidavit for HC/OS 730/2018 (“NTC-A”) pp 762 –
764.

Neither party paid what was due. The award was not collected and remained with
the arbitrator for over nine months. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NTC-A p 768.

15 On 17 May 2018, despite not having received the amounts that were due to
him from either party, the arbitrator released his award to the parties. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NTC-A pp 765 – 768.

The award was dated 25 July 2017, which was when the arbitrator had stated it
was available for collection. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NTC1 p 52.

16 The award ran into 674 pages in length. In summary, the arbitrator
determined that:

(a) The applicant’s claim for discrepancies was not allowed save for one item,
that is, the failure to install glass shelves in the steam room of the house,
this loss being quantified as S$156.25. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NTC1 p 707.

(b) The applicant’s claim for defects in the works was allowed in the amount
of S$42,979.06. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NTC1 pp 707 – 708.

(c) The applicant’s claim for loss of rental was not allowed. This was because
the arbitrator found that she had not proven that the defects in the works had
caused her to be unable to rent out the property. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NTC1 pp 572 – 573, paras 804 – 806.

(d) The applicant’s claim for loss of value in the property was not allowed.
This was for several reasons, but primarily because the arbitrator found that
the applicant had not proven that the property could not be sold at the
expected price of S$7m due to the alleged defects. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NTC1 pp 594 – 595, paras 845 – 846.

(e) The applicant’s claim for liquidated damages was not allowed. This was
because the arbitrator found that the two delay certificates issued by the
architect were invalid. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NTC1 pp 562 – 563, paras 778 – 779.

His reasons for this finding are important for the purposes of this
application and will be explained later in this judgment at [60].

(f) As for the respondent’s counterclaim for amounts due to it under the
contract, the arbitrator allowed the counterclaim in the amount of
S$98,797.34. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NTC1 pp 708 – 709, para 1055.

17 As a consequence of the findings of the arbitrator, there was a net sum of
S$59,558.37 due from the applicant to the respondent. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NTC1 p 709.

In terms of costs, the respondent was awarded 90% of its costs of the
proceedings, while the applicant was awarded 10% of her costs of the
proceedings. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NTC1 p 710.

The applications filed in court

18 On 16 August 2018, the applicant filed Originating Summons 1010 of 2018
(“OS 1010/2018”), where she seeks an order that the arbitral award be set
aside entirely. However, it is clear from the applicant’s affidavit filed in
support and her submissions that she is only seeking to set aside certain
portions of the award. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) para 2.

This will be explained in greater detail later in my judgment. Also, I should
mention that no issue is taken by the respondent that the application was made
within the time period prescribed by statute.

19 On 7 September 2018, the respondent filed Originating Summons 1108 of 2018
(“OS 1108/2018”) for leave to enforce the arbitral award. This was an ex parte
application which was granted by the court on 10 October 2018. The applicant
then filed, on 25 October 2018, SUM 5038 of 2018 (“SUM 5038/2018”), seeking to
set aside the order of court granting the respondent leave to enforce the
award.

20 This judgment is in respect of OS 1010/2018 and SUM 5038/2018. Both
applications are the applicant’s efforts to prevent the enforcement of the
arbitral award, and were heard by me at the same time. The grounds relied upon
by the applicant in both these applications are the same. These grounds are
elaborated on later in my judgment.

21 For completeness, I should also add that the applicant has also filed, on
14 June 2018, an application for leave to appeal against the award on certain
questions of law. This was via Originating Summons 730 of 2018 (“OS
730/2018”). That was heard together with this matter but immediately after the
arguments were made in OS 1010/2018 and SUM 5038/2018. In the course of the
hearing, counsel for the respondent had asked whether I would be issuing a
single judgment in respect of both matters. As the issues raised in OS
730/2018 differ from those raised with respect to OS 1010/2018 and SUM
5038/2018, I decided eventually to issue a separate judgment in respect of OS
730/2018.

The parties’ cases

The applicant’s case

22 In its application in OS 1010/2018, the applicant has sought a prayer for
the arbitral award to be set aside in its entirety. However, in the
applicant’s submissions, it was clarified that she is not seeking to set aside
the parts of the award that deal with (i) the arbitrator’s determination on
the claim of discrepancies between the completed works and the construction
drawings (see [16(a)] above), and (ii) the arbitrator’s determination on the
respondent’s counterclaim (see [16(f)] above). 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) para 2.

Apart from those parts, she submits that the rest of the award should be set
aside.

23 The grounds of the applicant application are elaborated on in her affidavit
filed in support. In summary, she asserts that the arbitrator had failed to
decide certain issues that had been submitted to him for his determination.
She also alleges that there were various breaches of natural justice by the
arbitrator.

24 First, the arbitrator had allegedly failed to consider whether the
applicant was entitled to general damages for the delay in the completion of
the works. He had not decided whether the respondent was entitled to an
extension of time to complete the works or what was otherwise a reasonable
period for completion. As a consequence, the arbitrator had failed to decide
matters which had been submitted to him for his decision. The applicant had
suffered prejudice because she was deprived of an award of general damages for
the delay in completion of the contractual works. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NTC1 pp 11 – 13, paras 37 – 46.

25 Also, on the issue of delay, and in respect of the arbitrator’s findings on
the invalidity of the two delay certificates, it was also argued that the
arbitrator disregarded certain written submissions made by the applicant on 8
January 2016 on the delay certificates (“the 8 January 2016 submissions”).
These had been made prior to the arbitration hearing. As a consequence, there
was a breach of natural justice that affected the arbitrator’s findings on the
validity of the delay certificates. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NTC1 pp 8 – 10, paras 27 – 33.

26 Second, it is submitted that the arbitrator had breached natural justice
when considering the applicant’s claims for defects in the works and for loss
in the value of the property. More particularly, it was alleged that the
arbitrator had demonstrated apparent bias during the cross-examination of the
applicant’s expert on property valuation, Mr Goh Tiam Lock (“Mr Goh”). The
arbitrator had also relied on his own knowledge and experience with regard to
the issue of valuation of the property. Further, the arbitrator had subjected
Mr Goh to excessive and unwarranted interruptions when he was giving his
evidence. According to the applicant, all this showed that the arbitrator had
already made up his mind about the issue of the loss in value of the property.
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NTC1 pp 19 – 32, paras 66 – 78.

The applicant thus suffered prejudice because she was deprived of an award of
damages for the loss in value of the property.

27 Third, it is argued that the arbitrator had failed to consider the evidence
that had been given by the applicant’s building surveyor expert, Mr Chin
Cheong (“Mr Chin”). Instead, the arbitrator had relied on the views of the
architect, Mr Liu, on whether certain complaints were in fact defects in the
works. In this vein, it is also argued that the arbitrator also exhibited
apparent bias in the manner in which he treated the evidence given by Mr Chin
on the issue of the defects in the works. The applicant suffered prejudice
because she was not awarded the amounts that she sought as the damages for the
defects. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NTC1 pp 32 – 45, paras 79 – 96; Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November
2018) para 138.

28 Finally, on the issue of the quantification of the costs of rectification
of the defects, the applicant submits that the arbitrator had been biased
against their quantum expert, Mr Amos Teo (“Mr Teo”), and instead preferred
the evidence of the respondent’s quantum expert, Mr Stanley Wong Kum Loong
(“Mr Wong”). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) paras 120 – 132.

Again, the arbitrator’s alleged bias against the applicant’s expert caused the
applicant prejudice in that she was awarded less than what she was entitled
for the costs of rectification of the defects. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) para 138.

The respondent’s case

29 As a preliminary point, the respondent submits that the applicant has not
addressed the court in her affidavit or submissions as to why the part of the
arbitral award that deals with the claim for loss of rental should be set
aside. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) para 16.2.

30 The respondent submits that the applicant did not actually advance any
claim in the arbitration for general damages for delay in the completion of
the works. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Respondent’s Further Skeletal Submissions (3 December 2018) para 4.

Her claim, in respect of delay, was confined to a claim for liquidated
damages, and that claim had failed because of the arbitrator’s finding as to
the invalidity of the delay certificates. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) paras 141, 146 and 148.

Hence, the respondent argues that it is not correct to assert that the
arbitrator had failed to decide an issue that was placed before him for
determination. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Respondent’s Further Skeletal Submissions (3 December 2018) para 5.

31 As for the 8 January 2016 submissions by the applicant on the issue of the
validity of the delay certificates, the respondent points out that the
arbitrator had referred to them in his award, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NTC1 pp 268 – 269, paras 345 – 346.

but ultimately did not have to consider all the submissions made given the
bases of his ruling on the invalidity of the delay certificates. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) paras 151 – 152.

The respondent refers to the case of TMM Division Maritima SA de CV v Pacific
Richfield Marine Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 972 (“TMM Division”), where it was held
at [72]–[73] that it is “neither practical nor realistic to require” the
arbitral tribunal to deal with every argument raised by parties, and that
“[a]ll that is required of the arbitral tribunal is to ensure that the
essential issues are dealt with” [emphasis in original]. Hence, even if the
arbitrator did not refer to the 8 January 2016 submissions, the respondent
submits that this is not a sufficient basis to set aside the arbitral award.
53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) paras 153 – 154.

32 As for the conduct of the arbitration hearing, the respondent disagrees
that the arbitrator had breached the rules of natural justice. He had not
entered into the fray in his questions put to Mr Goh, but was merely seeking
clarification from the witness in order to understand the evidence being
given. Neither had he substituted his own views for that of Mr Goh. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) paras 50 – 53.

33 The respondent argues that the arbitrator had not exhibited any apparent
bias in the award when he rejected the evidence of the applicant’s experts,
whether it was Mr Goh’s evidence on the question of the loss of value of the
property, Mr Chin’s evidence on the question of the defects in the works, or
Mr Teo’s assessment of the rectification costs of the defects. Rather, the
arbitrator had sound bases to ultimately reject the evidence of these three
experts, and the applicant, by alleging that the arbitrator had been biased
against her experts, is in fact simply attempting to overturn the award on its
merits. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Mr Goh: Respondent’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) paras 55.4, 106 –
110. Mr Chin: Respondent’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) paras 115 –
120; Mr Teo: Respondent’s Written Submissions (28 Novemebr 2018) paras 85 –
86.

Issues to be determined

34 From my analysis of the various rounds of submissions filed by the parties,
the broad issues that I have to decide are as follows:

(a) On the question of delay - did the arbitrator fail to determine the issue
of whether the applicant was entitled to general damages for delay in the
completion of the works?

(b) Was there a breach of natural justice because the arbitrator did not
consider the 8 January 2016 submissions before he decided the question of the
validity of the delay certificates and the extension of time granted to the
respondent?

(c) On the question of the claim for loss in value of the property because of
the defective works, did the arbitrator exhibit apparent bias in his dismissal
of the applicant’s claim for loss of value of the property? In particular, had
the arbitrator already made up his mind in respect of the evidence given by Mr
Goh that he would reject his evidence? Did the arbitrator rely on his own
knowledge and experience in substitution for the views of Mr Goh?

(d) On the question of the claim for damages for rectification works for the
defects - did the arbitrator exhibit apparent bias in his rejection of the
evidence of Mr Chin on the claim for damages for defects and his preference
for the evidence of the architect?

(e) On the question of the quantification of damages for rectification works
for the defects - did the arbitrator exhibit apparent bias in his rejection of
Mr Teo’s evidence?

35 There are various sub-issues within these broad issues that I will have to
deal with as well. These relate to the specific allegations as to the
arbitrator’s conduct on the question of his apparent bias, his alleged
reliance on matters not raised to the parties for their submissions and also
his alleged non-consideration of certain discrete issues on the question of
general damages for delay.

Applicable legal principles

36 I first start with a review of the applicable legal principles that govern
the applicant’s application, brought under s 48(1)(a)(vii) of the Arbitration
Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), which provides as follows:

48.—(1) An award may be set aside by the Court —

(a) if the party who applies to the Court to set aside the award proves to the
satisfaction of the Court that —

…

(vii) a breach of the rules of natural justice occurred in connection with the
making of the award by which the rights of any party have been prejudiced …

[emphasis added]

37 Essentially, a challenge made under s 48(1)(a)(vii) of the Act is one that
is made on grounds of breach of natural justice. There are two pillars of
natural justice. First, the arbitrator must be disinterested and unbiased.
Second, the parties must be given adequate notice and opportunity to be heard;
sub-branches of this second principle are that each party must be given a fair
hearing and a fair opportunity to present its case (Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd
v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 (“Soh Beng Tee”) at [43],
citing Gas & Fuel Corporation of Victoria v Wood Hall Ltd & Leonard Pipeline
Contractors Ltd [1978] VR 385 at 396 with approval).

38 In this case, the applicant alleges that both pillars of natural justice
have been breached by the arbitrator and that these breaches have caused the
applicant prejudice, such that the award ought to be set aside.

Adequate notice and opportunity to be heard

39 First, as regards the issues of whether the applicant is entitled to
general, instead of liquidated, damages and whether the arbitrator had failed
to consider the 8 January 2016 submissions, the query arises as to whether the
applicant had been given a fair hearing and a fair opportunity to present her
case.

40 The applicable principles in relation to this second pillar of natural
justice were extensively canvassed by the Court of Appeal in Soh Beng Tee at
[65], following a comprehensive review of the authorities in this respect. In
summary, the Court of Appeal observed that parties to arbitration have a
general right to be heard on every issue that may be relevant to the
resolution of a dispute. Arbitrators in this regard ought to allow all parties
reasonable opportunities to present their cases as well as to respond, and an
arbitrator ought not to base his decision(s) on matters not submitted or
argued before him (Soh Beng Tee at [65(a)]).

41 However, to ensure the integrity of the arbitral process, courts have
adopted a policy of minimal curial intervention. In the context of
applications to set aside an arbitral award, in so far as the right to be
heard is concerned, the failure of the arbitrator to refer every point for
decision to the parties for submissions is not invariably a valid ground for
challenge (Soh Beng Tee at [65(c)] and [65(d)]). Instead, the overriding
burden is on the applicant seeking to set aside the award to show that a
reasonable litigant in his shoes could not have foreseen the possibility of
reasoning of the type revealed in the award. Certain examples of what would
amount to such an instance were provided in Soh Beng Tee at [65(d)]:

Only in instances such as where the impugned decision reveals a dramatic
departure from the submissions, or involves an arbitrator receiving extraneous
evidence, or adopts a view wholly at odds with the established evidence
adduced by the parties, or arrives at a conclusion unequivocally rejected by
the parties as being trivial or irrelevant, might it be appropriate for a
court to intervene. In short, there must be a real basis for alleging that the
arbitrator has conducted the arbitral process either irrationally or
capriciously. [emphasis added]

42 In this respect, the court also recognised that it is “almost invariably
the case that parties propose diametrically opposite solutions to resolve a
dispute.” Nonetheless, the arbitrator is not bound to adopt either of the
approaches proposed by the parties, and “[h]e is perfectly entitled to embrace
a middle path (even without apprising the parties of his provisional thinking
or analysis) so long as it is based on evidence that is before him”. In short,
the arbitrator is not expected to inexorably adopt the parties’ submissions or
to consult parties on his thinking and reasoning process, “unless [his award]
involves a dramatic departure from what has been presented to him” (Soh Beng
Tee at [65(e)]).

43 Finally, “it is not the function of the court to assiduously comb an
arbitral award microscopically in attempting to determine if there was any
blame or fault in the arbitral process; rather, an award should be read
generously such that only meaningful breaches of the rules of natural justice
that have actually caused prejudice are ultimately remedied” (Soh Beng Tee at
[65(f)]).

Apparent bias

44 Second, the applicant also alleges that the arbitrator had been biased
against her experts, namely Mr Goh, Mr Chin and Mr Teo. This amounts to an
allegation that there has been a breach of the first pillar of natural
justice, which requires the arbitrator to be disinterested and unbiased: Soh
Beng Tee at [43].

45 To establish the existence of apparent bias, which could warrant the
setting aside of the award, the test is whether “there are circumstances which
would give rise to a reasonable suspicion or apprehension in a fair-minded
reasonable person with knowledge of the relevant facts that the tribunal was
biased” (Re Shankar Alan s/o Anant Kulkarni [2007] 1 SLR(R) 85 at [91]). This
has been described as the “reasonable suspicion test”.

46 In this regard, parties “are entitled to expect from an arbitrator complete
impartiality and indifference” and “an arbitrator must always act judicially
with a detached mind and patience. He must not at any time descend into the
arena or take an adversarial role. His response and words used must always be
measured and circumspect” [emphasis in original] (Kempinski Hotels SA v PT
Prima International Development [2011] 4 SLR 633 at [67], citing Turner (East
Asia) Pte Ltd v Builders Federal (Hong Kong) Ltd [1988] 1 SLR(R) 483 at [65]
and [78]).

Need for actual or real prejudice

47 As a final point, aside from alleging a breach of the rules of natural
justice, the applicant must also show how such a breach of natural justice has
prejudiced the rights of the applicant who seeks to set aside the arbitral
award: s 48(1)(a)(vii) of the Act and John Holland Pty Ltd (formerly known as
John Holland Construction & Engineering Pty Ltd) v Toyo Engineering Corp
(Japan) [2001] 1 SLR(R) 443 (“John Holland”) at [18]. The prejudice in this
regard must be “some actual or real prejudice”. While this is “a lower hurdle
than substantial prejudice, it certainly does not embrace technical or
procedural irregularities that have caused no harm in the final analysis.”
This means that “the breach of the rules of natural justice must, at the very
least, have actually altered the final outcome of the arbitral proceedings in
some meaningful way” [emphasis added] (Soh Beng Tee at [91]).

48 With these principles in mind, I proceed now to consider the issues before
me.

Did the arbitrator fail to decide the issue of whether the applicant is
entitled to general damages for delay?

49 The applicant submits that there is no dispute between the parties that the
date when the works were actually completed was 19 January 2011. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

MS1 p 71.

Given that the contract completion date was on 25 June 2010, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NTC1 para 9 and p 714, clause 4.1; MS1 para 9.

there is prima facie a delay of almost seven months by the respondent in the
completion of works. While the applicant might not have succeeded in her claim
for liquidated damages due to the arbitrator’s finding that the second delay
certificate was invalid, the arbitrator should have gone on to determine
whether there should be an extension of time granted to the respondent for the
completion of the works. However, the arbitrator failed to analyse this issue
and rule on it. By failing to determine whether the respondent was entitled to
an extension of time, the arbitrator thereby failed to consider if the
applicant ought to be entitled to general damages flowing from the
respondent’s delay in the completion of the works. This, it was alleged,
constituted a breach of natural justice. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) paras 29 – 30; NTC1 paras
39 – 46.

50 This submission was superficially attractive, but ultimately flawed. As
held in Bintai Kindenko Pte Ltd v Samsung C&T Corp [2018] 2 SLR 532 (“Bintai
Kindenko”) at [46]:

… an adjudicator will be found to have acted in breach of natural justice for
having failed to consider an issue in the dispute before him only if:

(a) the issue was essential to the resolution of the dispute; and

(b) a clear and virtually inescapable inference may be drawn that the
adjudicator did not apply his mind at all to the said issue.

51 Hence, whether the applicant can legitimately complain that the arbitrator
did not consider and rule on a claim for general damages depends on whether
such a claim was in issue before the arbitrator in the first place. If there
was no claim for general damages, it cannot be said that the issue of general
damages “was essential to the resolution of the dispute” (Bintai Kindenko at
[46]). A review of the pleadings and the submissions made by the applicant in
the arbitration reveals quite clearly that her claim for delay was one for
liquidated damages based on the second delay certificate. As far as I can tell
from the papers, there was no alternative claim made by the applicant for
general damages because of the delay in the completion of the works. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

MS1 p 107.

52 In the applicant’s statement of case in the arbitration, there is a general
plea for damages for the “loss and damages” suffered by the applicant as a
consequence of the respondent’s alleged breaches of the contract. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

MS1 pp 98 – 99, para 11(a) and (c).

However, when the specific paragraphs of the statement of case elaborating on
this claim for general damages are examined, it becomes clear that the claim
for general damages relates only to the loss of value of the property and the
loss of rental arising from the defects in the house that was built. As for
the damages for the delay in the completion of the works, the applicant
claimed solely for liquidated damages in the sum of S$58,500, calculated in
accordance with the SIA Conditions, by which the parties had agreed to
liquidated damages of S$300 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NTC1 p 747 clause 24(2) read with p 771.

for each day of delay. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

MS1 p 99, para 11B.

53 That general damages were not pleaded in the applicant’s statement of case
is also made obvious when comparing the original statement of case, and the
statement of case after it had been amended by the applicant. In an earlier
version of the statement of case, the applicant claimed generally for
“[d]amages (whether general or liquidated) suffered by the [applicant] as a
result of the [respondent’s] breaches of the [c]ontract to be assessed.” 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

MS1 p 107.

The statement of case was then subject to three rounds of amendments. In the
third round of amendments, the applicant struck out the portion stipulating
“(whether general or liquidated)”, and inserted a further paragraph (1A),
where she claimed “[l]iquidated damages of $58,500”, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

MS1 p 107.

being the same sum which had been calculated for the period of delay alleged
by the applicant. This demonstrates that, with respect for damages claimed for
the delay in the completion of works, general damages were not pleaded as an
alternative to the liquidated damages sought.

54 What is also relevant is that there is no plea by the applicant that time
for completion has been set at large and when a reasonable date for completion
of the works ought to have been, if the claim for liquidated damages were to
fail. The fact that the applicant did not make a claim for general damages for
delay was also confirmed by my review of the applicant’s opening statement 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Respondent’s Core Bundle of Documents (“DCBD”) at pp 5 and 12, para 19.

and closing submissions in the arbitration. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NTC2 pp 20 – 21, at para 10 and pp 85 – 87, at paras 170 – 176.

That being so, in my judgment, having decided that the applicant was not
entitled to the liquidated damages claimed for, the arbitrator would not have
been remiss in not deciding the issue of delay and what would have been an
appropriate extension of time for completion.

55 Critically, there was also no evidence before the arbitrator on how he
should have assessed such general damages for delay for the period of 25 June
2010 to 19 January 2011. This would have had to been proven by the applicant
for the arbitrator to quantify the amount of her claim. The applicant submits
that such general damages could have been assessed with reference to the
contractually specified rate of $$300 per day of delay. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) at para 30(c).

I cannot accept this submission. This is because it would effectively allow
the applicant to claim for liquidated damages even though the delay
certificates were found to be invalid, with the consequence that the claim for
liquidated damages were thus dismissed by the arbitrator. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NTC1 pp 562 – 564, paras 778 – 783.

More importantly, under clause 24(2) of the SIA Conditions, it is stated that,
“[u]pon receipt of a Delay Certificate” [emphasis added], the applicant shall
be entitled to recover from the respondent “liquidated damages calculated at
the rate [agreed by the parties] from the date of default certified by the
Architect for the period during which the Works shall remain incomplete”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NTC1 p 747, clause 24.2.

That being the case, the claim for damages at the agreed rate of S$300 per day
of delay can only be sustained if there is a valid delay certificate. Given
the arbitrator’s finding that both the first and second delay certificates
were invalid, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NTC1 pp 562 – 563, paras 778 – 779.

it would be plainly incorrect to rely on the contractually agreed rate of
damages of S$300 per day of delay to calculate general damages.

56 The above notwithstanding, due to the importance of this issue to the
applicant’s case, I permitted her counsel to file further written submissions
to address me on this issue of whether she had made such a claim for general
damages for delay in the arbitration. In those further submissions, there was
a clear shift in the applicant’s arguments on the type of general damages she
had claimed in the arbitration. It was argued in these further submissions
that the applicant had claimed general damages in terms of the loss of rental
for the delay in completion of the works and there was evidence of such loss
of rental. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Reply Submissions (30 January 2019) pp 8 – 14.

However, as pointed out by counsel for the respondent, it is clear from the
position taken by the applicant in the arbitration that loss of rental was
only claimed for the period after the actual completion date of 19 January
2011 where it was claimed that the property could not be rented out because of
the defects in the works. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DBOD p 17, paras 34.1 – 36.2; NTC2 p 87, at paras 178 – 179 and p 109, para
219.

For the period just prior to 19 January 2011, the only claim I could discern
from the arbitration papers is the claim by the applicant for liquidated
damages for delay.

57 The applicant next argues that there were contentions raised by respondent
in the arbitration that an extension of time should be granted to the latter.
Hence, the issue of an extension of time ought to have been determined by the
arbitrator. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Reply Submissions (30 January 2019) paras 16 – 21.

These contentions must be placed in their proper context. In response to the
applicant’s claim for liquidated damages based on the second delay
certificate, the respondent had pleaded and raised issues such as prevention
on the part of the applicant. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

MS1 p 202, para 14.1, p 203, para 15, and p 217 para 49 – p 227 para 61.

This was a defence to the claim for delay. If time had been set at large
because of the acts of prevention on the part of the applicant, then the claim
for liquidated damages might be defeated because the respondent might be
granted an extension of time to complete the works. However, the arbitrator
eventually did not have to decide this issue of whether there were acts of
prevention, whether time was set at large and what was a reasonable extension
of time for the respondent to complete its works. This is because the
applicant failed to prove that it was entitled to liquidated damages for the
delayed completion given the invalidity of the delay certificates. As such, in
the award, while these issues were mentioned by the arbitrator as having been
raised, a proper analysis of his reasoning shows that the arbitrator was
simply setting out the various arguments and contentions raised by the
parties. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NTC1 p 118 para (j) – p 121 para (xii).

58 An arbitrator only has to decide the essential issues, which are necessary
for him to decide the dispute and the claims made by the parties (TMM Division
at [72]–[73]; Bintai Kindeko at [46(a)]). The issues of an extension of time
and when the respondent should have completed the works were matters that the
arbitrator did not have to decide since the claim for liquidated damages
failed and there was no alternative claim for general damages for delay.
Hence, the arbitrator had not breached any rules of natural justice by failing
to consider whether the applicant was entitled to general damages for the
delay in works.

Did the arbitrator fail to consider the applicant’s 8 January 2016 submissions
on the questions of the validity of the delay certificates?

59 Next, the applicant asserts that the arbitrator had failed to consider her
8 January 2016 submissions. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Reply Submissions (30 January 2019) pp 2 – 5.

The 8 January 2016 submissions were provided following the arbitrator’s
directions, whereby he requested parties to submit on two interrelated issues
relating to the delay certificates: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NTC1 p 784.

(a) first, whether the architect, Mr Liu, had the power under the SIA
Conditions to issue his second delay certificate to supersede the first delay
certificate; and

(b) second, whether the second delay certificate was valid since it was issued
some four years and nine months after the completion date of 19 January 2011.

60 Before I consider this allegation of breach of natural justice, it is
important to understand how the arbitrator came to decide that the two delay
certificates were flawed and invalid. His reasoning was actually quite
straightforward. First, he relied on Mr Liu’s own evidence that the first
delay certificate, which stipulated that the works had gone into delay from 23
November 2010, thus effectively granting the respondent an extension of time
of up to 22 November 2010 to complete the contract works, was flawed. This was
because, amongst other reasons, the date of 23 November 2010 had been
arbitrarily arrived at. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NTC1 pp 559 – 560, para 770.

In any event, the applicant did not rely on the first delay certificate as the
basis of its claim for liquidated damages, since to do so would only entitle
her to S$17,400 (S$300 x 58 days) in liquidated damages, as the works would
only have gone into delay from 23 November 2010 under the first delay
certificate, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NTC1 p 773.

as opposed to the earlier date of 9 July 2010 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NTC1 p 774.

under the second delay certificate. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NTC1 p 559 para 769.

Second, given that clause 31(6) of the SIA Conditions only permits the
architect to amend an earlier interim, but not delay, certificate, 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NTC1 p 757.

the arbitrator determined that the architect had no power to issue the second
delay certificate in order to amend the first delay certificate. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NTC1 p 563 para 779.

Mr Liu had admitted in his evidence that it was his intention to amend the
first delay certificate. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NTC1 p 560 paras 770 – 771.

As the second delay certificate formed the basis of the applicant’s claim for
liquidated damages, the arbitrator’s finding that the second delay certificate
was invalid meant that liquidated damages claim failed. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NTC1 p 562 para 778 – p 564 para 784.

61 The complaint made by the applicant is that there had been a breach of
natural justice because the 8 January 2016 submissions were not considered by
the arbitrator in the award. As set out above, this was a set of submissions
which the arbitrator had requested for at an interlocutory hearing with
parties’ counsel on 26 November 2015. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NTC1 pp 776 and 780.

The applicant argues that the arbitrator eventually failed to refer to the 8
January 2016 submissions in his award at all even though he had indicated at
the interlocutory hearing that he would do so. According to the applicant,
this showed that the arbitrator had failed to consider those submissions which
were on critical issues in the arbitration, namely, the validity of the second
delay certificate and the architect’s grant of a ten business days extension
of time to the respondent in that certificate. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Reply Submissions paras 1 – 7.

62 In my judgment, there is no merit to this complaint. In the first place, it
is not accurate to assert that the arbitrator failed to refer to 8 January
2016 submissions in his award. The arbitrator had expressly mentioned the 8
January 2016 submissions and noted that these submissions had also been
annexed and incorporated into the applicant’s reply submissions filed after
the hearing. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NTC1 pp 268 – 270 and 549 – 550.

Given that, the arguments made in the 8 January 2016 submissions about the
second delay certificate and the architect’s grant of a ten business days
extension were effectively repeated in the applicant’s reply submissions, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NTC2 pp 310 – 324.

which the arbitrator had expressly considered and summarised. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NTC1 pp 549 – 557.

63 I also accept the respondent counsel’s point that there had been no
argument raised by the applicant in the 8 January 2016 submissions which the
arbitrator did not have the opportunity to consider before he came to his
conclusion, as stated in the award, that the second delay certificate was
invalid. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Minute Sheet (30 January 2019) p 2.

Both parties also had the opportunity to make full arguments to the arbitrator
on the issue of the validity of the delay certificates and they made full use
of the opportunity.

64 From my review of the award, the arbitrator did refer to relevant arguments
raised by both parties 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NTC1 pp 549 – 557.

before eventually deciding on the fundamental point that the SIA Conditions
simply did not permit the architect to issue a second delay certificate to
amend the first delay certificate. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NTC1 p 563, para 779.

What is key is the fact that the arbitrator had considered that Mr Liu himself
had agreed that he was trying to amend the first delay certificate, and that
he had made this clear by stating in the second delay certificate that it
superseded the first delay certificate, which had to be amended because it did
not state the information required under clause 24(1) of the SIA Conditions.
94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NTC1 p 552, p 559 at para 770 – p 560 at para 773.

Mr Liu’s admission ran contrary to the applicant’s submission that the second
delay certificate did not have the effect of amending the first delay
certificate, and that it was thus not in breach of clause 31(6) of the SIA
Conditions. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NTC2 pp 320 – 321, paras 40 – 44.

Given the bases of his findings and decision, it was not necessary for the
arbitrator to expressly deal with the rest of the applicant’s arguments made
in the 8 January 2016 submissions concerning the delay certificates. For
example, it was not necessary for the arbitrator to deal with the argument
made by the applicant that clause 23(3) of the SIA Conditions permitted the
architect to delay his decision on whether to grant an extension of time until
he is in receipt of sufficient information, which it was said was the reason
why the architect waited until 2015 to decide on a ten business days extension
in the second delay certificate. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NTC2 p 319 paras 36 – 38.

This is because the second delay certificate issued in 2015 was, as admitted
by the architect, an attempt to amend the first delay certificate, and this
rendered the second delay certificate invalid as the architect simply had no
power to do so under clause 31(6) of the SIA Conditions. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NTC1 p 757.

65 As made clear in TMM Division at [73]:

All that is required of the arbitral tribunal is to ensure that the essential
issues are dealt with … In determining the essential issues, the arbitral
tribunal also should not have to deal with every argument canvassed under each
of the essential issues. [emphasis in original]

66 Hence, the arbitrator did not have to decide all the issues and deal with
all the arguments, but only those which were essential and necessary for his
decision. In this case, his decision on the validity of the second delay
certificate rested on a straightforward basis. None of the other arguments
raised in the 8 January 2016 submissions could have made a difference to the
arbitrator’s decision vis-a-vis the claim for delay given his reasoning. There
was therefore no breach of the rules of natural justice.

Did the arbitrator breach the rules of natural justice in the manner in which
he dealt with the applicant’s claim for loss in value of the property?

67 The applicant’s claim for the loss in value of the property was that the
defects prevented the property from being sold between October 2012 and April
2013, when its market value was between S$6.8m and S$7m. Due to the defects,
the two offers to purchase the property were only S$6.18m in October 2012 and
S$6.3m in April 2013. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) p 28, paras 54 – 55.

68 The applicant criticises the arbitrator for not accepting the evidence that
was tendered by the applicant as to the value of the property. In particular,
the applicant complains about the arbitrator’s rejection of the evidence of a
text message from a bank officer which stated the value of the property and
the expert evidence given by the applicant’s property valuation expert. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) pp 28 – 30, paras 56 – 60.

The text message

69 The applicant had relied on a text message sent on 29 October 2012 by a
bank officer, Ms Jasmine Tan (“Ms Tan”), to the applicant’s real estate agent
where Ms Tan had simply stated “Ok max 7m if brand new” as the market value of
the property in response to a query by the real estate agent. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NTC1 p 925.

Ms Tan was not called to give evidence. In his award, the arbitrator did not
accept the text message as evidence of the value of the property because he
found it to be hearsay. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NTC1 p 581 paras 820 – 821.

70 The applicant submits that the arbitrator’s rejection of Ms Tan’s evidence
showed double standards because he had referred to other pieces of hearsay
evidence in his award. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) p 29, para 58.

For example, the arbitrator had referred to an email from another property
agent as evidence that there was an offer of S$6.18m for the property. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NTC1 p 579, para 815 and p 583, para 826.

The submission was that the arbitrator had displayed apparent bias.

71 I can dispose of this submission briefly. The arbitrator’s decision on the
weight of the evidence to be given to Ms Tan’s text message was correct in law
and is unimpeachable. I am unable to comprehend how the arbitrator’s refusal
to give such evidence any weight can show that he was biased. It was the
applicant’s burden to establish the loss she had suffered and the rejection of
one of her supporting pieces of evidence was simply an exercise of judgment by
the arbitrator in deciding whether she had discharged her burden. As for the
reference to the other email showing an offer of S$6.18m, the arbitrator did
not rely on any hearsay evidence to determine the value of the property. He
only found that the applicant had not proven what the value of the property
was, “as there was never any proper valuation report that was provided by a
qualified valuer”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NTC1 p 594, para 845.

In this regard, the arbitrator had rejected Mr Goh’s report because he found
the valuation methods used to be unacceptable.

Entering into the fray during the oral evidence of Mr Goh

72 Next, the applicant submits that the arbitrator demonstrated apparent bias
by entering into the fray by posing a long series of questions to the
applicant’s property valuation expert, Mr Goh. It was submitted that the
arbitrator’s interjections showed that he had made up his own mind about the
valuation of the property and had shut his mind from impartially considering
Mr Goh’s evidence. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) p 33 para 65 – p 38 para
69, p 40 para 73, p 41 para 74 – p 43 para 75, p 53 para 95.

73 The applicant referred to specific portions of the transcript of the cross-
examination of Mr Goh in support of this submission. There were portions where
the arbitrator asked whether the price at which a property could be sold would
depend on the location, whether the house on the land was new or old, whether
the orientation of the house was such that it faced the sun, and whether the
house number had any impact on the price. It was submitted that this showed
that the arbitrator preferred his own knowledge over that of Mr Goh. It also
showed, according to the applicant, that the arbitrator had subjected Mr Goh’s
answers to excessive and unwarranted interruptions in order to steer his
evidence towards answers that the arbitrator wanted. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) p 33 para 65 – p 38 para
69, p 40 para 73, p 41 para 74 – p 43 para 75.

74 From the transcripts, it is clear that the arbitrator had shown a keen
interest in the evidence of Mr Goh. He wanted to understand the bases of Mr
Goh’s opinion as to the market value of the property. The arbitrator thus
asked questions of Mr Goh. The questions raised were mostly after the
conclusion of the cross-examination of Mr Goh, during the course of his re-
examination. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

MS1 pp 365 – 369.

I see nothing wrong in what the arbitrator did. What is relevant is that the
arbitrator allowed Mr Goh to give his answers fully, including an explanation
of the factors that would be relevant to the market value of the property. He
also allowed the applicant’s counsel at the arbitration to further re-examine
Mr Goh on these points as well. I do not accept the submission that the
arbitrator, through his questions of Mr Goh, entered into the fray and
displayed an apparent bias with regard to the evidence of Mr Goh.

75 Quite apart from this, I find that there is no basis for the submission
that the arbitrator had interrupted Mr Goh’s answers during his oral evidence
with the aim of trying to steer Mr Goh’s evidence in a particular direction.
The questions posed were open-ended in nature, and Mr Goh was not prevented
from elaborating on his answers given to the arbitrator’s questions.

The arbitrator’s alleged reliance on his own knowledge and experience

76 Next, the applicant submits that the arbitrator had preferred his own
knowledge and experience over that of the expert, Mr Goh. There are two
aspects to the applicant’s complaint in this regard. First, the applicant
submits that, from the questions raised by the arbitrator to Mr Goh, it was
clear that the arbitrator preferred his own knowledge and experience over the
evidence given by Mr Goh. It was contended that the arbitrator should not have
done this because he was not qualified to do so. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) p 43 para 76.

77 I find there to be no merit to this submission. As I have explained
earlier, the arbitrator simply raised his concerns to Mr Goh during his oral
evidence about the factors that might be relevant to a determination of the
market value of the property. From my review of the award, the arbitrator
decided not to place any reliance on the valuation of Mr Goh because of his
assessment of the quality of his expert evidence. He found that Mr Goh could
not substantiate why his valuation of the property was significantly higher
than the other transactions concluded around the same time in the vicinity of
the property, as shown by the records of property transactions maintained by
the Urban Redevelopment Authority. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NTC1 pp 591 – 592, paras 841 – 842.

78 It was entirely proper for the arbitrator to consider the appropriate
reliance to be placed on Mr Goh’s evidence. As explained in Sakthivel
Punithavathi v Public Prosecutor [2007] 2 SLR(R) 983 at [76], “a court must
not … unquestioningly accept unchallenged evidence. Evidence must invariably
be sifted, weighed and evaluated in the context of the factual matrix and in
particular, the objective facts.” Given the foregoing, the applicant’s counsel
was correct to accept that the arbitrator was not bound to accept Mr Goh’s
expert opinion just because the respondent had not called a property valuer to
give expert evidence. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Minute Sheet (3 December 2018), p 2.

In short, the arbitrator’s decision to reject Mr Goh’s evidence was entirely
proper, and the applicant was not able to point to me any part of the award
which showed that the arbitrator took into account his own knowledge or
experience as a reason for his rejection of Mr Goh’s valuation of the
property.

Reliance on a “well-known fact”

79 The other aspect of the applicant’s complaint is as to the arbitrator’s
alleged reliance on “a well-known fact” that leaving defects in a building
unrepaired would cause the defects to deteriorate. This was in the context of
the issue of whether the applicant had mitigated her losses that arose from
the defects in the property. What the applicant had done was to leave the
defects in the building as they were in order to preserve the evidence of the
defects. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NTC1 p 573 para 807 and pp 574 – 575, para 809.

At [809] of the award, the arbitrator observed: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NTC1 p 574.

It is a well-known fact and I believe [the applicant] will not deny it that
leaving the defects in a building un-rectified and/or not made good would
undoubtedly cause the defects to further deteriorate especially under our
tropical weather of heat built-up and high humidity without proper regular
maintenance of the building, and proper and continuous daily ventilation of
the premises. [emphasis added]

80 The applicant submits that this point had not been advanced by the
respondent in the arbitration, or mentioned by any of the parties’ experts.
Thus, it did not form part of the respondent’s case. If the arbitrator wanted
to rely on this “well-known fact” in his reasoning, he should have invited the
parties to address him on it. By not doing so, the applicant was deprived of
an opportunity to show that the arbitrator’s reliance on the “well-known fact”
was misplaced. Hence, there was breach of natural justice, which caused the
applicant to suffer prejudice. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) p 49 paras 88 – 94, p 54
paras 97 – 98.

81 I have no hesitation in rejecting this completely unmeritorious submission.
An arbitrator, like a judge, is entitled to rely on his own common sense when
analysing and determining the issues in the case. It is plainly common sense
that defects in a building which are left un-remedied, like the water seepage
in this case, would just deteriorate over time and cause further damage to the
building. The arbitrator cannot be expected to refer such obvious points to
the parties to ask them whether they agree with it: see Soh Beng Tee at
[65(e)].

82 However, quite apart from this, as counsel for the respondent pointed out
at the hearing before me, there was evidence given by the respondent’s
building surveyor expert, Ms Catherine Loke (“Ms Loke”), also an architect by
profession, on how defects would deteriorate over time if they are not
promptly rectified. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

MS1 p 31 para 59; p 355.

Ms Loke’s evidence in this regard was corroborated by the architect, Mr Liu,
who gave evidence that leaving the defects in the unoccupied building would
cause further deterioration. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

MS1 p 352.

Given such evidence, the applicant was unable to explain to me how the “well-
known fact” observed by the arbitrator was actually incorrect. Counsel for the
applicant also accepted in the hearing before me that the arbitrator did not
rely on this “well-known fact” to dismiss the claim for loss from the defects
wholesale. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Minute Sheet (3 December 2018) p 2.

83 More importantly, it was misconceived for the applicant to make this
submission because no prejudice could have arisen even if I was to find that
the arbitrator should have referred this “well-known fact” to the parties so
that they could address him on it. This is because the arbitrator had
determined that the applicant had failed to prove that the value of the
property was indeed S$7m, or that the loss in value of the property was due to
the alleged defects in the works. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NTC1 p 594, para 845.

In other words, it had not been shown that the property was even valued at
S$7m, such that there had been a “loss in value”. Further, even if the
property was indeed valued at S$7m, it had not been proven that the subsequent
loss in value of the property was caused by the defects in the property. Given
the arbitrator’s finding that the applicant had not proven the causative link
between the defects in the property and her inability to sell the property at
her expected price of S$7m between October 2012 and April 2013, it is clear
that the arbitrator’s reference to the “well-known fact” when dealing with the
issue of mitigation had no impact on the applicant’s claim for loss in value
of the property due to the defects. Strictly speaking, any finding by the
arbitrator on the point of mitigation, whether with reference to the “well-
known fact” or otherwise, was irrelevant given the findings on causation.

84 I should also point out that counsel for the applicant agreed in the
hearing before me that, on the face of the award, the issue of causation of
the loss in value of the property was not linked to the arbitrator’s
observation about the “well-known fact” that un-remedied defects would
deteriorate over time in Singapore’s climate. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Minute Sheet (3 December 2018) p 2.

That being so, the question of the applicant having failed to mitigate her
losses by remedying the defects was an issue that had no bearing on the
dismissal of the applicant’s claim for loss in value of the property.

85 For the above reasons, I find that the applicant’s complaints about the
arbitrator’s breaches of natural justice in relation to the claim for loss in
value of the property as a result of the defective works are without basis.
The applicant has not established that there are such breaches of natural
justice. Further, even if there were such breaches, the applicant has not
shown that she had suffered any real prejudice as a consequence.

Did the arbitrator breach natural justice in the manner in which he dealt with
the applicant’s claim for damages for defective works?

The recalling of the architect as a witness on the issue of defective works

86 The applicant submits that the arbitrator took the view early in the cross-
examination of Mr Chin, the applicant’s building surveyor expert, who was
called to give evidence on the defects in the works, that his evidence would
be of no help in deciding whether the allegations of defective works had been
made out. The arbitrator then expressed his view that the architect was the
best person who could testify on whether the matters stated in Mr Chin’s
report were actually defects. After considering the view expressed by the
arbitrator, the applicant decided to recall the architect to give evidence on
the claim for defective works. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NTC1 p 32 para 79 – p 43 para 91; Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November
2018) p 55, paras 99 – 101, p 60, para 104, pp 68 – 71, paras 109 – 119.

87 According to the applicant, she was thus prevented from presenting her
evidence on the claim for defective works, in the form of Mr Chin’s expert
evidence. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) p 71, para 119.

The arbitrator had been mistaken in thinking that Mr Chin’s evidence would not
provide assistance on the claim for defective works. This is because Mr Chin
had inspected the works for the purpose of identifying existing defects, taken
photos of them and considered the rectification methods. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NTC1, p 45, para 94.

The applicant also criticised the arbitrator for failing to appreciate that
the architect was not a neutral party since he had been appointed and paid by
the applicant. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) pp 70 – 71, para 116.

There was thus a breach of natural justice because the applicant was unable to
present her case in relation to the claim for defective works in the way that
she wanted.

88 It is not disputed that the architect’s evidence on the alleged defects was
adduced pursuant to the arbitrator’s request during the course of hearing. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) p 61 para 113.

However, it is necessary for me to delve a little into why the arbitrator was
of the view that the architect’s evidence would be helpful in this regard. Mr
Chin had given evidence that his brief was simply to conduct a physical
inspection of the works and form an opinion as to whether there were defects.
He confirmed that he was not instructed to review the correspondence between
the parties, or other documents and drawings to determine what parties had
actually agreed. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

MS1 pp 44 – 46, pp 372 – 382; NTC1 pp 1281 – 1282.

As a result, Mr Chin was unaware of why certain items of work were carried out
in a certain way, which might have contributed to his conclusion that the
items in question were defects.

89 During the course of Mr Chin’s evidence, and after it was completed, the
arbitrator expressed his concerns to the parties’ counsel that it was
difficult to determine based on Mr Chin’s evidence whether a complaint was
really a defect or a result of the architect’s design or an agreed variation.
The arbitrator informed both counsel that his view was that the architect’s
evidence would be relevant in determining whether each complaint can really be
characterised as a defect that was attributable to the respondent in that they
did not comply with the terms of the contract, as varied or otherwise. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NTC1 pp 1263 – 1264, 1269, 1283 – 1284.

Further, the arbitrator felt that the architect’s evidence would be relevant
because he had issued his maintenance certificate in 19 January 2013,
confirming that, as of 30 May 2012, all “remaining defects, omissions and
other faults … were made good …”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

MS1 p 76.

Mr Chin had only carried out his inspection between October to December 2013,
127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NTC1 p 997, para 1.3.

after the issuance of the maintenance certificate, whereby the architect had
already stated that all remaining defects had been rectified or “made good”.
Hence, the “defects” identified in Mr Chin’s report 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NTC1 p 1001 – 1030.

might not have been defects in the first place. After hearing these views and
considering the matter over the course of a few days, the applicant then
decided to recall the architect, who had given his evidence before Mr Chin,
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NTC1 p 83: “1st witness would be the Architect”.

as a witness. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NTC1 p 37 para 85 and p 43 para 91.

90 In such circumstances, I find that the arbitrator was actually giving an
opportunity to the applicant to remedy the problems with her evidence about
the defects in the works. The arbitrator did so by pointing out the
deficiencies in Mr Chin’s evidence, and giving the applicant the option of
recalling the architect so that he could give evidence on the defects.
Ultimately, it was a decision made by the applicant to recall the architect
and adduce evidence from him in relation to the claim for defective works.

91 I should also add that Mr Chin’s evidence was not shut out, as suggested by
the applicant. He was cross-examined for four out of the 15 hearing days. He
was allowed to physically re-examine some allegedly defective works, before
returning to give evidence. This was all done before the architect was
recalled to give evidence. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Minute Sheet (3 December 2018) p 3 and Minute Sheet (28 January 2019) p 3
(last paragraph).

I do not find that the applicant was impeded in the way she was allowed to
present Mr Chin’s evidence.

92 In my judgment, it cannot be said that the applicant was prevented from
presenting all her evidence on her claim for defects. She had presented her
evidence of the defects through Mr Chin, and then decided to present further
evidence of the defects through the architect. She then made arguments in her
closing submissions that the architect’s evidence on the defects claim should
be accepted by the arbitrator because they were “superior” to that of the
respondent’s expert, Ms Loke. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NTC2 p 132, para 294.

That being so, I am puzzled as to the applicant’s submission now that she was
not permitted to present her case as to her claim for defects.

93 There is no merit whatsoever to the applicant’s complaint that the
arbitrator failed to recognise that the architect was not a neutral witness
just because he had been appointed by the applicant and paid by her. In the
first place, this is not a complaint that can be raised by the applicant given
that any bias, if any, would be in her favour. Secondly, the applicant had
already called the architect as a witness in the proceedings before this issue
of his knowledge of the defects was raised during the course of Mr Chin’s oral
evidence. Thirdly, it is preposterous to suggest, without any evidence, that a
professional man would not testify truthfully and honestly just because he had
been appointed by a party and paid by that party. If the applicant is right,
such a criticism would apply to Mr Chin as well.

94 The applicant also points out that the architect’s final inspection of the
property was on 22 February 2012 to check if the defects listed in the
“defects list” dated 19 December 2011 had been rectified. As such, the defects
that manifested after 19 December 2011 would not have been examined by the
architect in person. He would have only seen these defects from the photos in
Mr Chin’s report. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NTC1 pp 43 – 44, para 92 and p 1296 para 4 – p 1297 para 8; Applicant’s
Written Submissions (28 November 2018) p 70, para 115.

For this reason, the architect’s evidence was complementary to that of Mr
Chin’s. Considering the architect’s familiarity with the project 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NTC2 p 133, para 295 and p 134, para 299.

and Mr Chin’s thorough investigation of the property over four occasions, the
applicant argued in her closing submissions in the arbitration 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NTC2 p 135, para 303.

that both the evidence of Mr Chin and the architect had to be considered for
the claim for defective works.

95 This argument does not assist the applicant in showing that she had been
deprived of an opportunity of presenting her case in relation to the claim for
defects. On the contrary, it shows that she was given the fullest opportunity
to make her case to the arbitrator as to why both Mr Chin’s and the
architect’s evidence were relevant. In the award, the arbitrator explained why
he found Mr Chin’s evidence to be less reliable than the architect’s evidence.
This was the conclusion he reached after reviewing Mr Chin’s, the architect’s
and Ms Loke’s evidence. He did not just disregard Mr Chin’s evidence without
explanation. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NTC1 pp 609 – 610, paras 871 – 872; p 639, para 914; p 645, para 925 and p
647, paras 931 – 934.

If it is the applicant’s complaint that the arbitrator did not give weight to
Mr Chin’s evidence, that is not a breach of natural justice. It is an
assessment of the evidence by the arbitrator.

96 I should add that there is nothing in the arbitrator’s statements in the
course of the hearing about Mr Chin’s evidence that suggests any apparent bias
against his evidence, as has been alluded to by the applicant. In my judgment,
the arbitrator was simply expressing his view as to the relevance and
helpfulness of Mr Chin’s evidence to the issues that he had to decide. This
cannot, by any stretch, give rise to any reasonable suspicion of bias on the
arbitrator’s part.

97 Finally, on this issue, the applicant also makes the rather startling
submission that the arbitrator had abdicated his task of determining what were
defects to the architect. It was claimed that the arbitrator allowed the
architect to decide on his behalf what were defects and what were not. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NTC1 pp 44 – 45, para 93; Minute Sheet (3 December 2018) p 2.

This was a plainly untenable submission to make. As pointed out by the
respondent’s counsel, the arbitrator did not accept the entirety of the
architect’s evidence. For example, he did not completely accept the
architect’s evidence that the rotten timber battens were as a result of
defective work, but instead found that the architect’s design flaw in not
having sufficient rainwater outlet pipes had contributed to the rotting of the
timber battens. However, the arbitrator also found that the respondent had
failed to properly treat the timber battens. In the result, he found that the
respondent was only liable for 50% of the costs of rectification. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NTC1 pp 655 – 663, paras 948 – 956.

98 In this regard, it is important to note that the arbitrator never stated
during the hearing that he would accept the architect’s evidence about the
defective work without qualification. Rather, the arbitrator’s position was
that he would decide whether he would agree with the architect after hearing
his evidence and the parties’ submissions on the issue post-hearing. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

DCBD p 116 line 15 – p 117 line 22.

That is exactly what he did, and there was thus no breach of natural justice
as alleged.

The arbitrator’s treatment of the applicant’s quantum expert’s evidence

99 Finally, on the issue of the quantum of damages occasioned by the need to
rectify the defects, the applicant had called Mr Teo as her quantum expert.
The respondent called Mr Wong as its quantum expert.

Preference for Mr Wong’s evidence

100 The applicant submits that the arbitrator had exhibited apparent bias
against Mr Teo because he did not accept Mr Teo’s evaluation of the costs of
rectification for any of the defects, but instead preferred Mr Wong’s
evaluation. It is argued that the arbitrator only stated that he found Mr
Teo’s evaluation to be less reliable, without going further to give reasons as
to why he came to this view. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) p 72 para 124 – p 75 para
132.

101 On reviewing the award, it became clear that the applicant has
mischaracterised the arbitrator’s findings. In his award, the arbitrator took
notice that both parties had taken issue with the other party’s quantum
expert. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NTC1 p 632, para 901.

However, while the applicant only made sweeping and unsubstantiated remarks
about how Mr Wong’s valuation of the cost of rectification for the defects
were arbitrary and inaccurate, 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NTC1 p 630 para 898.

the respondent had provided concrete examples to show why Mr Teo’s evidence
was unreliable. For example, the arbitrator had considered that Mr Teo had
included the cost of the provision of scaffolding for a single item of defect
even though he had already provided a separate amount for scaffolding under
“Preliminaries”. According to the arbitrator, this separate provision for
scaffolding was not logical, unless Mr Teo was suggesting that for “ten such
areas of defects, the [applicant] is going to appoint ten different
contractors … and each individual contractor must install its own scaffold” to
make good the defects. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NTC1 pp 633 – 635, paras 904 – 905.

102 In another example, Mr Teo had claimed that the costs of making good a
tempered glass railing would be S$13,600. Mr Teo had arrived at this figure
solely based on a quotation of S$12,000 by another contractor. In contrast, Mr
Wong provided that the cost of rectification of the railing would only be
S$2,270.64. The reason for the significant difference in the pricing was
because Mr Teo’s quotation was for laminated, rather than ordinary tampered
glass. This was not part of the contract, and would have constituted a
betterment for the applicant. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

MS1 pp 44 – 46; NTC1 p 677, para 989.

Given the above, the arbitrator did not accept Mr Teo’s quotation, and instead
preferred Mr Wong’s quotation, which was close to two other quotations of
S$2,300 and S$2,080 that had been obtained from two other contractors. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NTC1 p 677 para 990.

103 On the whole, the arbitrator was therefore more inclined to prefer Mr
Wong’s evidence. His rejection of Mr Teo’s assessment was by no means cursory
given that, in many cases, the arbitrator had set out the submissions made by
both parties before coming to a decision as to whose views were to be
preferred. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NTC1 pp 640 – 642, 645 – 646, 651 – 655, 663.

104 Even if the applicant’s point is that the arbitrator had not given
sufficient reasons for rejecting Mr Teo’s evidence, in my judgment, this lack
of detailed reasons is not a sufficient basis for the court to come to the
view that the arbitrator had breached the rules of natural justice in his
treatment of Mr Teo’s evidence. As Judith Prakash J (as she then was) observed
in SEF Construction Pte Ltd v Skoy Connected Pte Ltd [2010] 1 SLR 733 (“SEF”)
at [60], “[n]atural justice requires that the parties should be heard; it does
not require that they be given responses on all submissions made.” In SEF, the
adjudicator had failed to discuss his reasoning and explicitly state his
conclusions in relation to the third and fourth jurisdictional issues. Prakash
J found that given that the adjudicator had taken pains to explain the reasons
for his other determinations, and even indicated matters on which he was not
making a determination, it may have been an accidental omission on his part,
and whatever may be the reason for the adjudicator’s omission, she did not
think that the applicant was not afforded natural justice as a result. Here,
the arbitrator had provided clear, albeit sometimes brief, reasons for
preferring Mr Wong’s evidence. These reasons were objective, and did not
evince a blatant and unwarranted preference for Mr Wong. In the circumstances,
it cannot be argued that he failed to consider Mr Teo’s evidence, or that a
reasonable suspicion is raised in relation to the arbitrator’s bias.
Therefore, I reject the applicant’s assertion that the arbitrator had
exhibited apparent bias against Mr Teo.

Arbitrator’s mistake

105 The applicant also points out that, in one instance, the arbitrator had
mistakenly read Mr Teo’s assessed costs of rectification as being a far larger
figure. This was for the attic bathroom and the master bedroom steam room. Mr
Teo had indicated the costs of rectification of the defects to be $1,111 and
$973 respectively. He then provided an “optional” assessment based on a “full
replacement cost”, which he found to be $19,721 and $13,225 respectively. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NTC1 pp 1365 and 1366.

The arbitrator obviously missed the word “optional” and found Mr Teo’s
evaluation for making good the defects to be “exorbitant and honestly,
ridiculous and cannot be correct”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NTC1 p 654 para 945.

He then accepted Mr Wong’s assessed figures for rectifying the defects, which
were in fact higher than those of Mr Teo. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NTC1 p 654 para 946.

The result of the arbitrator accepting Mr Wong’s assessed figures was that
more damages were allowed to the applicant for this item than should have been
the case.

106 As a preliminary point, it is unclear what rule of natural justice this
mistake encroached upon, since it neither shows that the arbitrator failed to
consider the applicant’s submissions, nor does it ipso facto show that the
arbitrator was biased against Mr Teo.

107 The more fundamental point, however, is that while the arbitrator clearly
made a mistake in this regard, it is clear that no real prejudice was suffered
by the applicant which would justify a setting aside of the award. Quite the
contrary, the applicant fortuitously received more damages as a consequence of
the arbitrator’s mistake. Hence, this is clearly not a basis for setting aside
the award.

Conclusion

108 In this judgment, I have sought to consider every allegation of a breach
of natural justice that was raised by the applicant. In certain instances, the
prejudice suffered by the applicant was patently absent, while in other
instances, allegations of bias were simply unfounded. The issue of general
damages was also raised for the first time before me, when the issue was
clearly not before the arbitrator during the arbitration proceedings. In the
circumstances, I am inclined to agree with the respondent’s counsel that the
various allegations of breaches of the rules of natural justice is but a
disguised attempt to challenge the merits of the award.

109 It bears reminding parties that arbitration is often selected by parties
as an efficient means to dispose of the dispute before them. This is the
fundamental reason minimal curial intervention is warranted, as backdoor
attempts to challenge the merits of an arbitrator’s decision conflict with the
policy of facilitating the prompt resolution of disputes. I stress that, when
a breach of natural justice is alleged, courts do not evaluate the merits of
the arbitrator’s decision, and the award is only set aside if four elements
can be shown: first, which rule of natural justice was breached; second, how
it was breached; third, in what way was the breach connected with the making
of the award; and fourth, how the breach had caused real prejudice to the
rights of the party concerned: John Holland at [18]. Before filing a setting
aside application, parties who may be dissatisfied with an arbitral award
ought to carefully consider whether all four of the above elements have been
met, or whether any other grounds for setting aside are reasonably available.
Submissions on breaches of the rules of natural justice ought to be structured
in accordance with the four elements above, so that it will be clear to the
court how the alleged breach arose, and how it caused prejudice to the
applicant. Needless to say, only meritorious applications to set aside an
award will be looked upon favourably, and frivolous applications may be met
with adverse cost consequences if the circumstances call for such orders.

110 For the foregoing reasons, I dismiss the applicant’s applications in OS
1010/2018 and SUM 5038/2018 entirely.

111 I will hear parties separately on the question of costs.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge

Koh Choon Guan Daniel, Lim Khoon and Ang Minghao (Eldan Law LLP) for the
applicant in HC/OS 1010/2018 and the defendant in HC/OS 1108/2018;  
Por Hock Sing Michael and Li Jiaxin (Michael Por Law Corporation) for the
respondent in HC/OS 1010/2018 and the plaintiff in HC/OS 1108/2018.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

