Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGCA 24

Civil Appeal No 104 of 2018 and Summons No 107 of 2018

Between

UDG  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

UDF  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of HCF/Divorce (Transferred) No 63 of 2010

Between

UDF  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

UDG  
---  
  
… Defendant

ex Tempore judgment

[Family Law] — [Custody] — [Access]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UDG

  

v

  

UDF and another matter

[2019] SGCA 24

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 104 of 2018 and Summons No 107 of 2018  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Tay Yong Kwang JA and Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
8 April 2019

8 April 2019

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in
the court below centres on three main grounds, viz, overnight and overseas
access to the only child of the marriage between the Appellant (who is the
father) and the Respondent (who is the mother); the monthly maintenance
ordered in the court below for the child (coupled with an order to pay
backdated maintenance); and the issue of costs (the Appellant seeking an order
of costs on an indemnity basis together with disbursements for some aspects of
the divorce ancillary matters). The Appellant has also filed Summons No 107 of
2018 for leave to adduce further evidence for the appeal.

2 The Respondent informed this Court in her three e-mails dated 5 April 2019
(sent just prior to this hearing) that she would not be able to attend the
hearing of the appeal in person and asked that this Court take into account
what she presented in her e-mails in her absence (together with a letter
responding in detail to the Appellant’s case as well as his recent application
to this Court to adduce further evidence). In coming to our decision, we have
carefully considered the Appellant’s written and oral submissions and the
Respondent’s e-mails as well as letter to the court.

3 We allow the Appellant’s application to adduce further evidence, although in
coming to our decision, we have not (as we shall elaborate upon in a moment)
found the additional evidence to be of much assistance.

4 We will deal with the second and third issues first.

5 In so far as both these issues are concerned, we agree with the reasons as
well as decisions arrived at by the Judge. In our view, the Judge had not
erred in law or exercised her discretion wrongly. She also had not taken into
account irrelevant considerations or failed to take into account relevant
considerations.

6 However, the first issue poses greater difficulties. The Appellant appeals
against the Judge’s decision in relation to overnight and overseas access (ie,
any access outside of Illinois, USA) to the child. In this case, the child and
the Respondent are living in Illinois (the Respondent was granted leave in
2011–2012 to relocate with the child from Singapore), and the Appellant
continues residing in Singapore. The Judge ordered that the Appellant’s
overnight and overseas access to the child are both subject to agreement
between both parties, after both parties have consulted with the child,
whether individually or together. In relation to overseas access with the
Appellant, the child is at liberty to consult with her child therapist, and
the Appellant is to pay for the costs of such consultation, if any. The
Respondent may also accompany the child on her visit(s) to Singapore, if the
Respondent, after consultation with the child, considers that this is in her
best interests, and the parties are to bear the Respondent’s reasonable
travel, accommodation and living expenses on an equal basis.

7 In the Appellant’s appeal, he seeks generally for overnight and overseas
access to be subject only to the child’s agreement, and specifically for a
specified duration for such access.

8 It is axiomatic that the lodestar principle is that this Court must have
regard to the welfare and the best interests of the child (here, the child of
the present marriage), and much will depend upon the precise facts and
circumstances of the case. And one important aspect relating to the best
interests of the child in this case must surely be that she be permitted the
widest possible latitude to bond with both of her parents. On a related note,
there is nothing in the evidence on record that demonstrates that it would now
be detrimental for the child to spend more time with the Appellant and/or
that, on the whole, the child herself does not wish to spend more time with
the Appellant. It is true that the Judge did proffer a negative view of the
Appellant as a father and this was apparently based, amongst other things, on
her interview and e-mail communications with the child. Having perused the
interview notes as well as e-mail communications, we are of the view that
whilst the Appellant could be more flexible in his relationship with the
child, his conduct is not unusual and (more importantly) his current
relationship with his daughter may well be the product of a vicious cycle in
which he has been deprived of the opportunity to bond with her; put simply,
the “water” that gives life and refreshment to the bond between father and
daughter has in this case simply been depleted, with the inevitable result
that the relationship will die upon the vine if that vicious cycle is not,
instead, turned into a virtuous one. In any event, as we shall elaborate upon
in a moment, there is no reason in principle why the child should not be
afforded the opportunity to decide when and under what conditions she would
like to meet with the Appellant – and this is a point to which our attention
now turns.

9 Another closely related point is that, even when she was younger
(specifically, when she was 14 years old), the Judge herself noted (in an
earlier judgment (in UDF v UDG [2017] SGHCF 17 at [29])) that the child was
capable of expressing her wishes and of deciding for herself (in that
particular instance, in the context of her education and whether or not she
wished to come to Singapore for her 2017 summer vacation). Indeed, she is now
16 years old and there is every reason to be optimistic that she is even more
mature with the further passage of time.

10 At this juncture, we should state that the Appellant has filed document
after document as further evidence for the appeal. Whilst not dismissing the
value/weight of these documents or reports out of hand, we note that they
emanate from a source which cannot be assumed to be the model of objectivity.
This is understandable but we also have to adopt a practical as well as fair
approach in the context of such a situation – especially since the Respondent
has not filed anything in response (save for the three e-mails as well as
letter which she sent just prior to this hearing).

11 Nevertheless, returning to the lodestar principle referred to above in the
context of first principles as well as logic and common sense (always reliable
guides especially in family cases where emotions can run high), we are of the
view that there is a key element of the Judge’s access orders that
constitutes, in our view, an unnecessary as well as critical obstacle to the
nurturing of the bond between the Appellant and his daughter – the fact that
the Respondent has also to agree in order for the various orders to be
implemented. Given the acrimony between the parties (the divorce proceedings
commenced nine years ago in 2010), such a condition would (as the Appellant
has argued) make it virtually impossible for him to cultivate a meaningful
relationship with the child (or, indeed, have meaningful physical time with
her to begin with). This situation is only exacerbated by the fact that both
the child and the Respondent are living overseas and apart from the Appellant
(who is in Singapore). Taking into account the fact that the child is 16 years
old and is able to make her own decisions, we would allow the appeal in
relation to access and permit both overnight as well as overseas access
subject to the child’s agreement on timing and conditions, if any. We also
order that it is not necessary for the child to consult with the Respondent as
to whether the Respondent should accompany her on her visit(s) to Singapore.
In relation to the overnight and overseas access with the Appellant, the child
is at liberty to consult with her child therapist, and the Appellant shall pay
for the costs of such consultation, if any. We will not, however, make any
orders for the Appellant’s overnight and overseas access to the child to be
for a specified duration.

12 We affirm the remaining orders of the Judge in relation to the care
arrangements for the child. In particular, we remind the Appellant that he has
(pursuant to para 2.3.1 of the Judge’s order) to give eight days’ notice to
the Respondent and the child when he seeks reasonable non-overnight and non-
overseas access to the child on weekdays, weekends and school holidays,
subject to her school and extracurricular schedule.

13 In the circumstances of the case, we make no order as to the costs of the
appeal. The costs orders made in the court below shall stand. There will be
the usual consequential orders.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Tay Yong Kwang Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge

Kronenburg Edmund Jerome and Thng Yu Ting, Angelia  
(Braddell Brothers LLP) for the appellant;  
The respondent absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

