Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 190

Suit No 724 of 2014

Between

|  (1)| Tong Seak Kan  
---|---  
(2)| Kensington Park Holdings Limited  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

Jaya Sudhir a/l Jayaram  
---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Contract] — [Illegality and public policy]

[Credit and Security] — [Money and moneylenders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tong Seak Kan and another

  

v

  

Jaya Sudhir a/l Jayaram

[2019] SGHC 190

High Court — Suit No 724 of 2014  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
8–11, 15–16, 18, 22–24 May; 18 July 2018; 30 January 2019

16 August 2019

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 In this action, the plaintiffs, Tong Seak Kan (“Tong”) and Kensington Park
Holdings Limited (“Kensington”), claimed against the defendant, Jaya Sudhir
a/l Jayaram (“Sudhir”), for 20 sums of money paid to him, his corporate
vehicles and his associates which Sudhir had allegedly agreed to be liable
for.

2 For 18 of these payments which are listed in Annex A of the Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 2) (“Statement of Claim”), Sudhir had acknowledged
liability by signing a series of documents (“the repayment documents”). I
reproduce the key columns of Annex A below, and shall refer to these payments
as “Payment 1”, “Payment 2”, and so on:

S/N| Date of Transfer| Payor| Payee| Amount (US$)| Amount (HK$)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
1.| 28 August 2008| Lam Weng Ian Cecilia (“Cecilia”), Tong’s secretary | Hesselink Investments Limited(“Hesselink”)| 100,000|   
2.| 29 August 2008| Tong| Hesselink| 180,000|  
3.| 13 October 2008| Tong| Al-Rafidian Holdings Pte Ltd (“Al-Rafidian”)|
400,000|  
4.| 7 November 2008| Kensington| Al-Rafidian| 720,000|  
5.| 26 March 2009| Kensington| Al-Rafidian| 500,000|  
6.| 20 May 2009| Kensington| Al-Rafidian| 450,000|  
7.| 22 July 2009| Tong| Sudhir| | 308,000  
8.| 23 July 2009| Tong| Sudhir| | 300,000  
9.| 23 July 2009| Kensington| Al-Rafidian| 180,000|  
10.| 7 August 2009| Kensington| Petunia Venture Corp (“Petunia”)| 1,642,000|  
11.| 11 September 2009| Kensington| Al-Rafidian| 600,000|  
12.| 9 October 2009| Kensington| Al-Rafidian| 350,000|  
13.| 6 November 2009| Tong| Al-Rafidian| 350,000|  
14.| 30 November 2009| Tong| Cynthia Jacinto (“Cynthia”)| | 10,000  
15.| 3 February 2010| Tong| Al-Rafidian| 60,000|  
16.| 8 February 2010| Tong| Al-Rafidian| 120,000|  
17.| 19 February2010| Tong| Rianto Sutjipto Ronny (“Rianto”)| 250,000|  
18.| 1 March 2010| Kensington| Al-Rafidian| 250,000|  
| | Total| 6,152,000| 618,000  
  
3 In support of the claim, the plaintiffs relied on two of the repayment
documents. A formal agreement dated 30 December 2010 (“the 30 December 2010
Deed”) recorded Sudhir’s liability for Payments 6, 9 and 10 (amounting to
US$2,272,000), with the total sum standing at US$3,250,000 (inclusive of
interest). Relying on another document dated 3 March 2010, titled “List of
Loans to Mr. Jaya Sudhir”, wherein Sudhir had acknowledged his indebtedness
for Payments 1 to 18 above (“the 3 March 2010 Acknowledgement”), the claim was
made for the other 15 payments amounting to US$3,880,000 and HK$618,000.

4 In addition, two other amounts were claimed, being a sum of US$500,000 paid
to Rianto on or around 13 May 2010 (“the US$500,000 payment to Rianto”) and a
sum of US$1,000,000 paid to Abiyoso Soetjipto (“Abiyoso”) on or around 21 May
2010 (“the US$1,000,000 payment to Abiyoso”). It was alleged that Sudhir had
also agreed to be liable for these two payments.

5 In response, Sudhir disagreed with the underlying purposes for some of these
payments. On various grounds, he contested the enforceability of all the
repayment documents. He denied liability for the claim.

6 At the conclusion of the trial, I allowed the plaintiffs’ claim in the total
sum of US$8,630,000 and HK$618,000, with interest and costs. Sudhir has
appealed against the decision. I now provide full reasons to expand on the
brief reasons previously rendered.

Background

The parties

7 Tong is a businessman resident in Macau. Kensington is a company
incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on 7 January 2008, in which Tong
has a beneficial interest. Tong is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors
of Macau Natural Gas Company Limited (“Macau Gas”), an entity incorporated in
Macau on 13 December 2001.

8 Sudhir is a Malaysian businessman who controlled the following three
companies: Firstfield Limited (“Firstfield”), Al-Rafidian and Petunia. In the
conduct of his business affairs, Sudhir was assisted by a Singaporean
associate, Kundadak Ramesh Kudva (“Ramesh”).

The liquefied natural gas project

9 Sometime in late 2006, representing Macau Gas, Tong began sourcing for a
long term supply of liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) for a LNG-receiving terminal
in Macau.

10 Originally, Tong wanted to source for LNG from Malaysia. On 6 August 2007,
Tong met with a Malaysian businessman, Mohamed Nazim Bin Tun Razak (“Nazim”).
Nazim informed Tong that LNG was not available from Malaysia. Instead, Nazim
suggested that Tong source for LNG from Indonesia. Nazim introduced Sudhir to
Tong as a person with the necessary experience, capability and contacts to
facilitate the process. One of Sudhir’s contacts was Anton Tjahjono
(“Tjahjono”), the Chairman of the Indonesian Gas Association.

11 I shall refer to this planned project for the supply of LNG from Indonesia
to Macau as “the LNG Project”. From sometime in August 2007 onwards, Nazim,
Tjahjono and Sudhir worked to secure a LNG supply from an Indonesian state-
owned entity known as Badan Pelaksana Kegiatan Usaha Hulu Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
(“BPMIGAS”). BPMIGAS represented the Indonesian government in managing
Indonesia’s oil and gas resources, and reported to the Minister of Energy and
Resources.

12 Meanwhile, there were ongoing negotiations for a formal agreement to be
entered into by Nazim, Sudhir and their associates for the provision of
consultancy services to Macau Gas. Eventually, a consultancy agreement dated
30 October 2008 was entered into between Kensington, which was incorporated
for the purpose of the LNG Project, and Firstfield (“the Consultancy
Agreement”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 1 (“1AB”) pp 1–10.

By then, Sudhir was taking the lead in the provision of the consultancy
services.

13 The key terms of the Consultancy Agreement were as follows:

(a) Under cl 3.1, Kensington engaged Firstfield as a consultant, to provide
services, inter alia, so as to procure a long-term source of LNG from BPMIGAS
for the LNG Project. To this end, Firstfield was to procure the signing of a
Heads of Agreement (“HOA”) followed by a Sale and Purchase Agreement (“SPA”)
between Macau Gas and BPMIGAS. The anticipated supply was 3,000,000 tonnes of
LNG per year for the first 1½ years, and then an increased supply for the next
23½ years.

(b) By cl 3.2, Firstfield “shall be fully responsible for all the expenses
incurred in the course of performing the [services]”.

(c) Firstfield’s compensation terms were set out in Clause 6. By cl 6.1,
subject to a successful signing of the HOA and SPA, Kensington would pay
Firstfield a consultancy fee of US$4,000,000. A sum of US$2,500,000 would be
deposited with an escrow agent, with releases as follows: (i) US$1,000,000 as
a downpayment; and (ii) US$1,500,000 upon the signing of the HOA. Another sum
of US$1,500,000 would be deposited with the escrow agent no later than 90 days
before the designated date of the signing of the SPA, and would be released to
Firstfield upon the signing of the SPA.

(d) By cl 6.3, in the event of failure of the LNG Project, and if the failure
were to be caused by Firstfield, Firstfield would be liable to reimburse the
payments to Kensington. This obligation would not arise if Macau Gas or
Kensington were to fail to comply with the requirements of BPMIGAS.

(e) By cl 6.2, should the LNG Project be a success, Firstfield would receive a
share of the freight in the transport of the LNG at the rate of “US$0.22 per
MMBTU” of LNG shipped. As one tonne of LNG is about 50 MMBTU, on the basis of
a supply of 3,000,000 tonnes for 25 years, this would have meant a handsome
sum of US$825,000,000 for Firstfield over the course of the project.

14 In the period from August 2008 to March 2010, the plaintiffs made Payments
1 and 2 to Hesselink, Payments 3 to 6, 9, 12, 13, 15, 16 and 18 to Al-
Rafidian, Payments 7 to 8 to Sudhir and Payment 17 to Rianto. Hesselink was a
vehicle controlled by Nazim, while Rianto was an Indonesian associate of
Sudhir who was brought on board the project in late 2009. In addition, the
US$500,000 payment to Rianto took place on or around 13 May 2010.

15 At the end of the day, the LNG Project did not materialise. It was the
plaintiffs’ position that all these payments were in relation to the LNG
Project, and Sudhir had agreed to be liable for them. Sudhir, however, denied
that Payments 1, 2, 12, part of Payment 13 (US$250,000 out of US$350,000) and
Payment 17 were connected to the LNG Project. He had no knowledge of the
US$500,000 payment to Rianto. Even for the payments related to the LNG
Project, he bore no liability for them as these were paid to the Indonesian
parties with the knowledge and consent of Tong.

Transfer of shares in Ocean King Limited

16 I move to the other dealings between the parties. On 7 August 2009 and 11
September 2009, Kensington made two payments to Petunia and Al-Rafidian in the
sums of US$1,642,000 and US$600,000 respectively. These were Payments 10 and
11. On 9 October 2009, 11,000,000 ordinary shares in a company known as Ocean
King Limited (“OKL”) were transferred by Petunia to Tong.

17 It was Tong’s case that the payments were meant as two separate loans
granted to Sudhir on his requests, to further Sudhir’s venture to procure the
listing of the OKL shares in the United Kingdom. Security was to be furnished
by way of 6,500,000 and 4,500,000 ordinary shares in OKL respectively, to be
transferred upon the listing. Sudhir had acknowledged liability for these sums
of money, and the plaintiffs claimed the amounts against Sudhir.

18 Sudhir disputed that these payments were personal loans to him. He
contended that Tong had purchased 11,000,000 shares in OKL, and paid for these
by way of Payments 10 to 12 and part of Payment 13 (US$250,000 out of
US$350,000). This amounted to a total sum of US$2,842,000.

Friendly loan to Cynthia Jacinto

19 Tong also paid a sum of HK$10,000 to Cynthia. This was Payment 14.
According to Tong, on or about 30 November 2009, Sudhir called him while he
was in Hong Kong, and requested a favour from him to lend a sum of money to
Cynthia, his girlfriend, who was then in Hong Kong. Given the business
relationship between them, Tong agreed to do so, and arranged for an employee
of his to pass the sum of money to Cynthia at her hotel. Sudhir disputed
liability for the amount.

The Sand Project

20 On 21 May 2010, Tong furnished US$1,000,000 to Abiyoso, who was another one
of Sudhir’s Indonesian associates involved in the LNG Project from late 2009.
According to the plaintiffs, sometime in April 2010, Sudhir and Ramesh
approached Tong about a project involving the supply of Indonesian sand to
Singapore (“the Sand Project”). Ramesh asked Tong to provide an advance of
US$1,000,000. In return, he would be given a share of the profits should the
project come to fruition. If not, Tong would be repaid the sum of
US$1,000,000, based on a security cheque furnished by Abiyoso. Tong was
reluctant to do so. However, as Sudhir also agreed to be personally liable for
the advance, Tong acceded to the request. Tong sought a repayment of the
amount from Sudhir. Sudhir, however, denied any involvement in the Sand
Project.

The repayment documents

21 As I stated at the outset at [2] above, a series of documents were signed
by Sudhir acknowledging liability for the payments. Parties disputed the
circumstances in which Sudhir signed the repayment documents. According to
Tong, by early February 2010, he became worried about the huge amounts being
advanced to Sudhir without any significant progress on the LNG Project. Tong
began to ask Sudhir to acknowledge his liability for the amounts by way of the
repayment documents. Sudhir alleged, inter alia, that he was tricked by Tong
into signing the repayment documents, and that they were not meant to have any
legal effect at all. I deal with the factual disputes from [73] onwards. For
now, I will briefly describe the repayment documents in chronological order.

22 For Payment 16, a standalone loan agreement was signed dated 5 February
2010 in which Sudhir agreed to repay the loan to Tong (“the 5 February 2010
Loan Agreement”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1AB21.

On the same day, in respect of Payments 1 to 16, a document dated 5 February
2010 titled “List of Loans to Mr. Jaya Sudhir”, was signed, whereby Sudhir
acknowledged his receipt of Payments 1 to 16 as loans (“the 5 February 2010
Acknowledgement”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1AB22.

23 Subsequently, around the time of Payment 18, Sudhir acknowledged his
indebtedness for Payments 1 to 18 in the 3 March 2010 Acknowledgement which
stated as follows: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1AB24.

List of Loans to [Sudhir]

[Table setting out details of Payments 1 to 18]

I, [Sudhir], holder of Malaysian Passport No…, hereby confirm receipt of all
of the above loans. I understand that a part of these loans will be deducted
as agreed if the HOA can be signed on or before 10 April 2010. However, if
failed [sic], I will bear the responsibility of repaying all of these loans to
[Tong].

For and on behalf of Al-Rafidian Holdings Pte Ltd

[Signature of Sudhir]

[Sudhir]

Executive Director

Dated 3 March 2010

24 Then, the 30 December 2010 Deed was entered into by Kensington with Al-
Rafidian, Petunia and Sudhir. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1AB35–40.

In the document, it was acknowledged that since August 2008, a series of loans
had been made to Al-Rafidian and Petunia, with Sudhir’s consent. In respect of
three of the loans, being Payments 6, 9 and 10 (amounting to US$2,272,000),
Al-Rafidian and Petunia agreed to repay US$3,250,000 (based on interest of 2%
per month from the time of the payments until the end of December 2010) to
Kensington. The repayment was to be by way of instalments of US$300,000 per
month from the end of January 2011, with complete payment to be made by 30
September 2011. In other words, the instalment plan was for nine months. As
for Sudhir, he personally guaranteed the instalment obligation of Al-Rafidian
and Petunia. It was also stipulated that parties would endeavour to enter into
further deeds to deal with remaining loan amounts.

25 Subsequently, there were two other formal agreements made on 28 February
2011 with Kensington, one involving Petunia acknowledging liability for
US$1,642,000 and the other involving Al-Rafidian acknowledging liability for
US$4,200,000. In these documents, Sudhir guaranteed the repayment obligations
of Petunia and Al-Rafidian to Kensington. I shall refer to these collectively
as “the 28 February 2011 Agreements”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1AB42-52.

I pause to reiterate that in this action, the plaintiffs only relied on the 3
March 2010 Acknowledgment and the 30 December 2010 Deed. However, in support
of his defence, Sudhir relied heavily on the 28 February 2011 Agreements,
along with a statement signed by the parties on 7 January 2011 (“the 7 January
2011 Statement”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1AB41.

I shall discuss these documents at [96] below.

The UOB cheques

26 For completeness, I should add that at the material time, Sudhir arranged
for Al-Rafidian to issue seven UOB cheques to Tong. I shall refer to these as
the “UOB cheques”. Tong said that these cheques were meant to provide security
for the outstanding amounts owed by Sudhir as Sudhir asked for more and more
sums of money from Tong. Sudhir, however, claimed that he was tricked by Tong
into issuing these cheques.

The parties’ cases

The claim

27 With that, I turn to the parties’ cases. In the Statement of Claim, the
plaintiffs set out the material facts of the parties’ dealings. Based on the
30 December 2010 Deed, Kensington claimed for US$3,250,000 for Payments 6, 9
and 10 (inclusive of interest). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“SOC”), paras 29, 30, 32, 35 and 36.

Based on the 3 March 2010 Acknowledgement, Tong claimed for the remaining 15
payments in Annex A amounting to US$3,880,000 and HK$618,000. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC, paras 20, 33 and 36.

Tong also claimed for the US$500,000 payment to Rianto for the LNG Project and
the US$1,000,000 payment to Abiyoso for the Sand Project, on the basis that
Sudhir had agreed to assume liability for the amounts. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC, paras 19A–19F, 21–24, 33A, 34 and 36.

In total, the plaintiffs claimed against Sudhir for US$8,630,000 and
HK$618,000, with interest and costs. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC, para 36.

The defence

28 As pleaded in the Defence (Amendment No 2) (“Defence”), Sudhir contended
that he was not responsible for Payments 1 and 2 made to Hesselink; these were
unconnected to him. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defence (Amendment No 2) (“Defence”), para 27.

29 From as early as September 2007, Tong was prepared to make disbursements
and incur disbursements to ensure the success of the LNG Project. Three
payments amounting to US$84,337.53 were made to Tjahjono with the knowledge
and/or instructions of Tong before the Consultancy Agreement was entered into.
These were to be deducted from the amounts to be received by Al-Rafidian. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defence, para 12A.

In the course of the LNG Project, from the payments received from Tong, Al-
Rafidian paid out to (and was reimbursed for the payments to) Tjahjono, Rianto
and Abiyoso sums amounting to US$2,780,000. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defence, para 21.

30 For Payments 3 and 4, Sudhir claimed that Al-Rafidian received the sums as
an escrow agent (“the escrow defence”), and then released the amounts to
Indonesian parties. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defence, para 19.

31 For Payments 5, 6, 9, a sum of US$100,000 in Payment 13, Payments 15, 16
and 18, again, Sudhir contended that he was receiving moneys from the
plaintiffs to pass them on to various Indonesian parties on the plaintiffs’
behalf, or that he was merely receiving moneys as reimbursement for sums he
had disbursed to various Indonesian parties on the plaintiffs’ behalf. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defence, para 20.

32 Specifically, for Payments 7 and 8, the sums were paid to Tjahjono to
entertain an Indonesian ministerial delegation that visited Hong Kong and
Macau from 23 to 26 July 2009. Again, this was with the knowledge and consent
of Tong. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defence, para 28.

33 I shall refer to the allegations of payments made with the knowledge and
consent of Tong to Indonesian parties (without any liability on Sudhir’s part)
so as to ensure the success of the LNG Project as “the conduit defence”.

34 In relation to Payments 10 to 12, and the remaining sum of US$250,000 in
Payment 13, Sudhir claimed that these four amounts were meant for the purchase
of 11,000,000 shares in OKL by Tong. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defence, paras 22–25.

35 Turning to Payments 14 and 17, Sudhir claimed that he had nothing to do
with the sums of money paid to Cynthia and Rianto respectively. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defence, paras 29 and 30.

36 For the US$500,000 payment to Rianto, Sudhir denied any knowledge of the
sum of money, and any liability to repay it. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defence, para 30A.

Similarly, for the US$1,000,000 payment to Abiyoso, Sudhir denied any
knowledge of the Sand Project, or that he had agreed to be responsible for its
repayment. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defence, paras 36–40.

37 Further, Sudhir challenged the enforceability of the repayment documents on
three main grounds:

(a) First, Sudhir alleged that all the repayment documents were a sham, and
were not meant to be legally binding. Sudhir had been tricked into entering
into them by Tong’s representations that the documents were merely meant to
assure and assuage his family members and business associates, and then later
his creditors and the Macau court, of Tong’s ability to pay his debts (“the
sham defence”). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defence, paras 32–35 and 41–49.

(b) Second, and in the alternative, since the repayment documents were created
to defraud Tong’s creditors and the Macau court, the documents were void for
illegality (“the illegality defence”). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defence, paras 53–55.

(c) Third, and in the further alternative, these were illegal moneylending
transactions in contravention of s 15 of the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 1985
Rev Ed) and s 14 of the Moneylenders Act 2008 (Act 31 of 2008) (collectively
“the MLA”). Therefore, the transactions were void and unenforceable (“the
illegal moneylending defence”). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defence, paras 56A–56B.

38 In any event, it was alleged that the 3 March 2010 Acknowledgment and the
30 December 2010 Deed were superseded by the 28 February 2011 Agreements. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defence, paras 34, 43, 46, 47, 48 and 48A; Defendant’s Closing Submissions
(“DS”) para 7.

Issues to be determined

39 This case turned on the facts. The plaintiffs’ claim may be analysed in
three parts:

(a) Whether Sudhir agreed to repay the plaintiffs for the 18 payments made to
various parties as listed within Annex A, based on the 30 December 2010 Deed
and the 3 March 2010 Acknowledgement. As set out below at [41], within this
part, many issues arose for consideration;

(b) Whether Sudhir agreed to be liable for the US$500,000 payment to Rianto;
and

(c) Whether Sudhir agreed to be liable for the US$1,000,000 payment to
Abiyoso.

40 I deal with each part of the claim in turn.

Whether Sudhir was liable for the 18 sums in Annex A

41 To determine this part of the claim, the enforceability of the relevant
repayment documents, ie, the 3 March 2010 Acknowledgement and the 30 December
2010 Deed, was the key issue. Nonetheless, the factual disagreements
concerning the underlying purposes of the payments, as well as the specific
defences raised, ie, the escrow defence and the conduit defence, formed the
surrounding circumstances against which to evaluate the key issue. This was
because Sudhir argued that there was no reason for him to assume liability for
the payments, which then lent weight to his contention that all the repayment
documents were not meant to have any legal effect. Therefore, I shall deal
with these factual disagreements before turning to the specific defences
concerning the enforceability of the repayment documents.

Whether 15 payments in Annex A were in relation to the LNG Project

42 I begin with the underlying purposes of 15 out of the 18 payments in Annex
A, which the plaintiffs alleged to be in relation to the LNG Project.
According to the plaintiffs, other than Payments 10, 11 and 14, the other 15
payments were advances made to Sudhir, his corporate vehicles and his
associates in relation to the LNG Project.

43 In response, Sudhir did not dispute that Payments 10, 11 and 14 were
unconnected with the LNG Project. However, he contended that various other
payments, especially Payments 1, 2, 12, part of 13 (US$250,000 out of
US$350,000) and 17, were also unconnected to the LNG Project.

Payments 1 to 4

44 Payments 1 and 2 (amounting to a total sum of US$280,000) were paid to
Hesselink (controlled by Nazim) on 28 and 29 August 2008. In other words, the
payments were made prior to the signing of the Consultancy Agreement. However,
Tong explained that it was subsequently agreed with Sudhir that Payments 1 and
2, as well as Payment 4 of US$720,000 to Al-Rafidian, would be treated as the
downpayment of US$1,000,000 under cl 6.1 of the Consultancy Agreement (see
[13(c)] above). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Tong’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“Tong’s AEIC”), paras 39–41;
Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PS”) paras 49, 61–65.

45 In response, Sudhir’s position was that these payments had nothing to do
with him. Instead, these were expenses incurred by Nazim, and the plaintiffs
merely reimbursed Nazim for such expenses. There was also no agreement that
these would be deducted from the consultancy fee. Indeed, certain emails
indicated that the plaintiffs had agreed to pay Nazim US$450,000 for his
expenses. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Sudhir’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“Sudhir’s AEIC”), para 33; DS, paras
15–17.

46 Turning to the evidence, it was undisputed that Nazim had brought Sudhir on
board the LNG Project. Until around September or October 2008, Nazim was
heavily involved in the negotiations leading to the Consultancy Agreement. In
particular, in a draft of the agreement sent on 16 January 2008 by Haridass Ho
& Partners, the lawyers broadly representing Nazim, Sudhir and the service
providers, to Tong’s personal assistant, Javila Chang (“Javila”), it was
stipulated that the expenses for the project would be borne by the party
providing the consultancy services. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 20; see also Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 3 p
1308–1328.

As Tong explained, thereafter, parties continued to negotiate the consultancy
fee to be paid. In the midst of these negotiations, Nazim asked to be paid for
his expenses. In August 2008, Tong made Payments 1 and 2, amounting to
US$280,000, to Hesselink. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 25.

Thereafter, Sudhir took the lead in the LNG Project, and the Consultancy
Agreement was entered into with Firstfield on 30 October 2008. Up till 31
October 2008, emails involving Tong, Sudhir and Nazim showed that there
continued to be negotiations about the payment of Nazim’s expenses, with Nazim
wanting an additional payment so as to arrive at a total of US$450,000. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 39 and pp 341–345.

Taking into account this backdrop, I found Sudhir’s allegation that the
payments were completely unconnected to him unsustainable.

47 More importantly, I accepted that subsequently, it was discussed between
Tong and Sudhir that Payments 1 and 2 would be treated as part of the
US$1,000,000 downpayment to be paid under cl 6.1 of the Consultancy Agreement.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 40.

According to the plaintiffs, by making Payment 4 of US$720,000 on 7 November
2018, Firstfield was paid the US$1,000,000 downpayment in full. The
plaintiffs’ explanation on how the parties proceeded to treat Payments 1, 2
and 4 as the downpayment under the Consultancy Agreement was coherent. Tong
also explained that Nazim continued to pursue an additional payment of
US$450,000 less US$280,000 as discussed in the emails. However, Tong proceeded
on the basis of the Consultancy Agreement thereafter, and no further sum was
paid to Nazim. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 43.

48 At the same time, Tong explained that parties decided on an alternative to
the escrow arrangement contemplated under cl 6 of the Consultancy Agreement.
By September 2008, the consultancy fee had been agreed at US$4,000,000, and
Nazim had been pressing for a deposit of US$2,500,000. On 16 September 2008,
Tong sent Nazim a copy of a bank fixed deposit slip for HK$15,500,000 (about
US$2,100,000) held by Macau Gas. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 26 and pp 261–262.

On 13 October 2008, at Sudhir’s request, Tong transferred Payment 3 of
US$400,000 into Al-Rafidian’s account. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 29 and pp 274–275.

Therefore, this amounted to US$2,500,000 – which was arranged for before the
entry into the Consultancy Agreement and held by Macau Gas and Sudhir
respectively, rather than by any appointed escrow agent. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PS, paras 53–59.

49 In contrast, Sudhir’s claim was that Payments 3 and 4 (totalling
US$1,120,000) were paid to Al-Rafidian as an escrow agent, so as to amount to
the US$1,000,000 downpayment. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, para 34.

This was unsatisfactory. There was no reason for the plaintiffs to make an
overpayment of US$120,000 as the downpayment, and Sudhir could not provide any
reasonable explanation for this. Further, on the purported appointment of Al-
Rafidian as the escrow agent, there was no mention of this at all in Sudhir’s
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”). Sudhir appeared to have dropped the
contention, as there was also no mention of the escrow defence in Sudhir’s
closing submissions. As argued by the plaintiffs, there was no conceivable
reason for the plaintiffs to entrust a company controlled by Sudhir to be the
escrow agent. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Tong’s AEIC, paras 41 and 44; PS, para 54.

Therefore, I rejected the escrow defence raised by Sudhir.

50 By the above, I concluded that Payments 1 to 4 were made broadly in accord
with the Consultancy Agreement.

Payments 5 to 9, 12, 13, 15 to 18

51 Moving on, I found that Tong was able to provide a clear account of how
Payments 5 to 9, 12, 13, and 15 to 18 were made in the course of the progress
of the LNG Project. He also provided details of how the repayment documents
and the UOB cheques came about as follows:

(a) Payment 5. Tong explained that despite a few months of negotiations,
instead of a HOA, on 15 January 2009, BPMIGAS provided Macau Gas with a draft
“Memorandum of Understanding” (“MOU”). In Tong’s view, the draft MOU lacked
the necessary details for the LNG Project. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 47.

Nonetheless, on 20 March 2009, Sudhir approached Tong for a further payment,
on the basis that the MOU was the equivalent of a HOA such that US$1,500,000
would be payable to Sudhir based on cl 6.1 of the Consultancy Agreement. Tong
disagreed with Sudhir. However, he sent an email to Sudhir, agreeing to vary
the terms of the Consultancy Agreement by paying US$500,000 upon the signing
of the MOU, another US$500,000 after confirming the pricing formula, and the
final US$500,000 upon confirming the quantity of the LNG supply. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 52 and pp 392–393

In accordance with this, on 19 March 2009, Javila sent Ramesh an email
informing him that the cheque for Payment 5 had been sent to his office.
Eventually, the cheque was encashed on 26 March 2009. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 53 and p 394.

(b) Payment 6. On 29 April 2019, Tong received a letter from BPMIGAS, stating
that it was not possible to pursue the MOU. Tjahjono, however, assured Tong
that all was still on track. At a meeting on 6 May 2009, only a Manifest of
Intent (“MOI”) containing four clauses was signed with BPMIGAS. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

1AB11–13.

Subsequently, another version was signed, incorporating more clauses. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

1AB14–18.

However, there was no pricing formula within these documents. On or about 19
May 2009, Sudhir asked for an advance on the second payment of US$500,000
referred to at [(a)] above, saying that the official confirmation of a pricing
formula would be obtained very soon. On that basis, Kensington issued a cheque
of US$450,000 to Al-Rafidian. Tong candidly admitted that while he was not
sure why it was not the full sum of US$500,000, it could be because he was not
prepared to advance the full sum until the official pricing formula was
confirmed. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 58.

(c) Payments 7 and 8. Then, Tjahjono arranged for a visit by the Indonesian
Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources to Macau on 23 to 24 July 2009. On 22
July 2009, Sudhir arrived in Macau. He requested for two sums as spending
money, and Tong advanced him cash of HK$308,000 and HK$300,000 on 22 and 23
July 2009 respectively. Sudhir signed acknowledgement slips for these
advances. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 60 and pp 419–420.

(d) Payment 9. Further, Sudhir requested for a further advance of US$180,000,
which he said was required to cover expenses for the Macau visit. Tong agreed
to advance the money. Kensington issued a cheque of US$180,000 in favour of
Al-Rafidian on 22 July 2009 which was sent to Sudhir’s office. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 61 and p 421.

(e) Payment 12. By October 2009, there was a slight turn of events. Sudhir and
Tjahjono began to also try to secure a HOA with another Indonesian state-
operated company, PT Perusahaan Listrik Negara (“PLN”), which held the rights
to LNG from a particular LNG field. Sudhir requested for yet another advance
of money, again on the basis of a set-off against the Consultancy Fee. To
assure Tong of his intention to repay, Sudhir handed him a UOB Cheque No
402180 post-dated to 5 June 2010 in the sum of US$1,130,000 for Payments 5, 6
and 9 issued by Al-Rafidian in favour of Tong. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 79 and p 600.

On the basis of proceeding with PLN, and upon Sudhir’s request, Tong advanced
US$350,000 to Al-Rafidian by way of a cheque from Kensington on 9 October
2009. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 82 and p 628.

(f) Payment 13. Around the same time, Sudhir wanted to bring Rianto on board
the LNG Project. Sudhir said that Rianto had access to the Indonesian Minister
of Energy and Mineral Resources, and wanted another advance of US$350,000. As
Tong had UOB Cheque No 402180 in hand, he advanced Payment 13, by way of
telegraphic transfer, to Al-Rafidian on 6 November 2009. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 84.

(g) Payment 15. In late January 2010, Sudhir called Tong to ask for a further
advance of US$180,000. On 3 February 2010, Tong arranged for a telegraphic
transfer of US$60,000 to Al-Rafidian’s bank account. Tong informed Sudhir and
Ramesh that he would like Sudhir to acknowledge a list of all the loans
advanced before the further sum of US$120,000 were to be paid to him, and that
he would be taking a loan from a third party for the sum and required a loan
agreement for that purpose. Sudhir agreed. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Tong’s AEIC, paras 87–91.

(h) Payment 16. On 5 February 2010, by an email from Javila to Sudhir which
was copied to Tong, Javila attached the unsigned copies of the 5 February 2010
Loan Agreement and the 5 February 2010 Acknowledgment. By way of an email,
Ramesh sent copies of these documents, duly signed by Sudhir, to Javila. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Tong’s AIEC, paras 92–94 and pp 655–662.

After receiving the 5 February 2010 Acknowledgement and the 5 February 2010
Loan Agreement, Tong proceeded to provide the advance of US$120,000 to Al-
Rafidian on 8 February 2010. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 95.

(i) Payment 17. By a letter dated 2 February 2010, BPMIGAS wrote to Macau Gas
to state that it would no longer continue with the implementation of the
project. Tong spoke to Sudhir, who assured him that with Rianto’s help, they
would be able to procure the HOA. Again, he asked for an advance of
US$500,000. Tong said that he would send Sudhir an updated list of loans for
him to sign. Sudhir agreed to this. However, Sudhir asked on an urgent basis
for a sum of US$250,000, with the balance to be sent to Al-Rafidian. On 19
February 2010, Tong sent Rianto the sum of US$250,000. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Tong’s AEIC, paras 97–99.

(j) Payment 18. On 1 March 2010, a cheque was issued by Kensington in favour
of Al-Rafidian for the remaining US$250,000, and sent to Ramesh. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Tong’s AEIC, paras 100–101.

By an email from Cecilia to Sudhir on 3 March 2010, Cecilia sent Sudhir the
record of Payment 17. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 102 and pp 668–669.

This was followed by another email on the same day, where Cecilia sent the 3
March 2010 Acknowledgment listing all 18 payments to Ramesh for signing by
Sudhir. On 6 March 2010, Ramesh sent the document, duly signed by Sudhir, back
to Cecilia. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Tong’s AEIC, paras 103–104, pp 670–672; Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 5
(“5AB”) p 2678–2679.

52 To reiterate, Sudhir disagreed that he assumed liability for the amounts,
and disputed the reasons why he signed the repayment documents and furnished
the UOB cheques. I deal with those issues below. For now, I focus on the
narrow question of whether these payments were in relation to the LNG Project,
especially Payments 12, 13 (US$250,000 out of US$350,000) and 17 which Sudhir
disputed to be for that purpose.

53 Based on the detailed account given by Tong, corroborated by the emails and
draft documents which tracked the twists and turns of the LNG Project, I
accepted that all these payments were in connection with the LNG Project,
including Payments 12, 13 (US$250,000 out of US$350,000) and 17. In relation
to Payment 12 and the part of Payment 13, I accepted Tong’s detailed account
provided above, and shall set out why I rejected Sudhir’s version that these
were for payment of the OKL shares from [59] onwards.

54 In relation to Payment 17, ie, the sum of US$250,000 paid to Rianto, I
noted that in Sudhir’s original defence, he stated that he “had no knowledge”
of it. On 23 June 2017, he amended his defence to state that he did not know
about this sum which Tong advanced directly to Rianto “until subsequently”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defence, para 30A.

However, in Sudhir’s AEIC, he said that Tong had paid this directly to Rianto
as a “refundable preparation fee”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, para 44.

Sudhir had been inconsistent in this aspect. More importantly, the transfer
slip concerning this payment was forwarded to Sudhir by the email dated 3
March 2010 from Cecilia: see [51(j)] above. Not long after that, Sudhir signed
the 3 March 2010 Acknowledgment (which included Payment 17). I did not believe
Sudhir’s version that he did not know about Payment 17.

The conduit defence

55 I now turn to Sudhir’s defence that even for any payments which he conceded
to be made in relation to the LNG Project, including Payments 5 to 9, 13
(US$100,000 out of US$350,000), 15, 16 and 18, he was a mere conduit. He paid
Indonesian parties on behalf of the plaintiffs, or received reimbursements for
payments which he had made. Therefore, these were not loans to him, and there
was no reason for him to assume liability for the payments. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, paras 26–30, and 35.

56 It was undisputed that under the terms of the Consultancy Agreement,
Kensington engaged Firstfield as a consultant, so as to procure a long-term
source of LNG for the LNG Project. Firstfield was to be responsible for its
expenses. Of course, it was entitled to advances of up to US$4,000,000 based
on the three milestone events. This was the consultancy fee. However, the real
compensation would flow to Firstfield upon the successful completion of the
project. Should the project not be successful, the advance payments would be
repayable.

57 While Firstfield was the contracting party to the Consultancy Agreement,
the parties did not seriously dispute that it was Al-Rafidian which was used
by Sudhir as the vehicle to make and receive payments. Against the backdrop of
the Consultancy Agreement, I found Sudhir’s claim that he was merely a
“conduit” in the process, making and receiving payments with the “knowledge
and consent” of Tong, unbelievable. In view of Firstfield’s clear obligation
under the Consultancy Agreement to secure the LNG supply and to be responsible
for the expenses in the process, there was absolutely no reason for Tong to
make any payments in relation to the LNG Project through Sudhir as a
“conduit”. This aspect was covered in a few brief paragraphs in Sudhir’s AEIC,
and he was unable to provide details as to how and when he purportedly made
payments on Tong’s behalf. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, paras 26, 29 and 30.

While Tjahjono was initially meant to be a witness at the trial, and might
have shed some light on how the expenses were incurred, he did not give
evidence on behalf of Sudhir.

58 At the end of the day, it seemed to me there was little evidence of any
input or instructions being given by Tong for payments to be made by Sudhir.
This was in accordance with the Consultancy Agreement. Tong’s account that
Sudhir had requested for such advances, on the premise that these would be
deducted from the sums payable under the Consultancy Agreement accorded with
the surrounding circumstances. As set out at [51] above, Tong carefully
explained how the project progressed, and why he agreed to certain advances
being given at certain points in time in order to ensure the smooth progress
of the project. I found for the plaintiffs on this factual dispute, and
rejected the conduit defence in relation to these payments. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PS, paras 199–206.

Whether Payments 10 and 11 were personal loans to Sudhir

59 I turn to the payments in relation to the transfer of the OKL shares. To
summarise, Tong’s case was that Payments 10 and 11 were personal loans to
Sudhir, for Sudhir’s venture in the listing of the OKL shares. He did not
purchase OKL shares; the shares were being held as security for the loans. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 62; PS, paras 134–156, 245–250.

60 Specifically, Tong’s evidence was that Sudhir first asked for a loan on 23
July 2009, during the visit to Macau at [51(c)]-[51(d)] above. Apparently,
Nazim was also involved in the venture. At the meeting, Tong said he wanted
some time to think about it. Subsequently, at a meeting in Singapore on 2
August 2009, Sudhir raised the matter again. As the LNG Project appeared to be
going well, and Tong had built up personal relationships with Sudhir and
Ramesh, he agreed to advance the money. Ramesh was meant to take care of the
documentation. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Tong’s AEIC, paras 64–65.

61 Payment 10 was a sum of US$1,642,000 (not US$1,690,000 as originally asked
for by Sudhir) paid to Petunia by Kensington on 7 August 2009, advanced on
security of 6,500,000 OKL shares held by Petunia which would be transferred to
Tong. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Tong’s AEIC, paras 66 and 67.

62 On 11 September 2009, Sudhir asked to borrow a further sum of US$1,200,000,
on the security of a further tranche of 4,500,000 OKL shares. Payment 11 was
then disbursed on or around 11 September 2009, being a sum of US$600,000 from
Kensington to Al-Rafidian. Tong did not wish to lend Sudhir the full sum of
US$1,200,000, as he realised that he had already transferred very large sums
to Sudhir in connection with the LNG Project. In fact, he asked Cecilia to
prepare a summary of all payments made to Sudhir up to that point, and her
email to him showed a total amount of US$4,772,000 outstanding. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Tong’s AEIC, paras 71–73 and pp 570–571.

Payments 12 and 13 had nothing to do with OKL shares. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 74.

63 Sudhir’s version went like this. There was a single agreement by Tong to
purchase 11,000,000 OKL shares from Petunia, and the payment was then made in
four tranches, being Payments 10 to 12 and part of Payment 13 (US$250,000 out
of US$350,000). 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) of 22 May 2018, p 32 lines 6–8.

This amounted to a total sum of US$2,842,000. In his AEIC, Sudhir described in
two very short paragraphs how he shared with Tong the opportunity to subscribe
to OKL shares. After Tong, an “astute investor”, conducted his own evaluation
and analysis, he decided to purchase the 11,000,000 OKL shares. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, paras 36–37.

Ramesh was tasked to assist with the arrangements for the sale and transfer of
the 11,000,000 shares. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Ramesh’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“Ramesh’s AEIC”), para 32.

64 Having evaluated the evidence, I accepted the plaintiffs’ position. The
facts and circumstances pointed away from Sudhir’s contention that these four
payments were for the purchase of 11,000,000 OKL shares.

65 First, a letter dated 5 August 2009 by Petunia to Tong (signed by Ramesh)
stated: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 4 (“4AB”) pp 2081–2082.

Further to discussions with you, we confirm that [Petunia] will transfer
6,500,000… ordinary shares (“the Shares”) in the capital of [OKL] to you or
your nominee for a consideration of US$0.26 per ordinary share. The total
consideration for the Shares shall be US$1.69million…

Please note that the transfer will be made after [OKL] has been listed on AIM
London.

On 6 August 2009, a revised letter was sent by Petunia, again signed by
Ramesh, on similar terms, save that the “consideration” had been reduced to
US$1,642,000, without any mention of the price per share. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

4AB2086–2087.

Thereafter, Payment 10 of US$1,642,000 was paid to Petunia on 7 August 2009.
Then, on 11 September 2009, another letter was sent by Ramesh to Tong, again
on Petunia’s letterhead, in similar terms stating that “further to discussions
with [Tong]”, Petunia would transfer 4,500,000 OKL shares to him, upon
consideration of US$1,200,000 once OKL had been listed. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

5AB2112.

66 Leaving aside the nature of the transactions for the moment, contrary to
Sudhir’s case, the documents did not reflect one agreement at the outset by
Tong in relation to 11,000,000 OKL shares. Instead, the documents supported
Tong’s contention that there were two transactions, separated by an interval
of over a month. Admittedly, the use of “share price” and “consideration” in
the letters suggested that the transfers were by way of sale of the shares.
However, there remained a degree of ambiguity as the letters did not expressly
state these were sale transactions. If these were sale transactions, I would
have expected parties to execute more formal sale and purchase agreements.

67 More significantly, as argued by the plaintiffs, I found it at odds with a
sale and purchase transaction that there was no proper valuation of the OKL
shares. Sudhir conceded that Tong was an “astute investor”. If so, there was
no explicable reason why Tong would have agreed to purchase the shares at the
price of US$0.26 per share without conducting a proper valuation. There was
simply no evidence of how the share price was derived. In fact, the objective
evidence by way of a letter from OKL to Petunia showed that the par value of
the share was £0.0001 per share. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

4AB1935.

This would have meant that Tong had agreed to buy the shares at a price many
times above the par value. Given this context, Tong’s evidence that he was not
concerned to obtain a valuation of the shares as it was merely some form of
security for a personal loan to Sudhir rang true.

68 Even if US$0.26 were to be the purchase price per share, it was
inexplicable that over a day, the share price could be randomly reduced from
US$1,690,000 to US$1,642,000 for the first tranche of 6,500,000 OKL shares.
Under cross-examination, Sudhir said that he did not change the price, and he
did not know why it was changed. Ramesh was the one who signed off on the
revised letter of 6 August 2009. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE of 22 May 2018, p 26 lines 6–16.

Ramesh, however, stated in his AEIC that Sudhir had discussed the matter with
Tong, and agreed to reduce the considerable payable for the shares. The
contradiction by Ramesh undermined Sudhir’s defence.

69 As for the second tranche of 4,500,000 shares, Sudhir contended that it was
meant to be sold for US$1,200,000. I noted that by 12 October 2009, Tong had
only made Payments 11 and 12, being US$950,000 instead of the alleged full sum
of US$1,200,000. Yet, the transfer of the 11,000,000 shares was executed on 12
October 2009, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

5AB2433–2434.

and OKL sent Tong a letter to confirm the transfer of the shares on 28 October
2009. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

5AB2496–2497.

In this regard, Payment 13 was made only on 6 November 2009. If indeed this
was a sale and purchase transaction, there was no reason for the transfer of
all the OKL shares to Tong when there remained a fairly substantial shortfall
of US$250,000 of the purchase price. Tong’s explanation that 4,500,000 OKL
shares formed security for a loan amount of US$600,000 was more credible.

70 Further, what troubled me was the fact that it was rather late in the day
before Sudhir claimed that US$250,000 out of US$350,000 of Payment 13 was in
relation to the purchase of the OKL shares. He shifted his stance from the
initial position that Payment 18 (in the exact sum of US$250,000 but paid much
later on 1 March 2010) was in relation to the OKL shares. This change came
about by an amendment incorporated in the Defence, almost four years after the
commencement of proceedings (and a month before the trial). This strongly
indicated that by relying on a part of Payment 13 instead of the whole of
Payment 18, Sudhir was merely trying to find a payment close in time to the
transfer of the shares. Moreover, after the amendment was effected, Sudhir did
not correct the portion of his AEIC which stated that Payment 18 (not Payment
13) was in relation to the OKL shares.

71 Viewed holistically, Sudhir’s case was untenable. The objective facts and
circumstances (as well as the documents produced) provided support for the
plaintiffs’ case. Therefore, I found that Payments 10 and 11 were personal
loans to Sudhir, secured by way of the 6,500,000 and 4,500,000 OKL shares. As
I have found above, Payments 12 and 13 were simply advances to Rianto in
relation to the LNG Project.

Whether Payment 14 to Cynthia was made on Sudhir’s request

72 In relation to Payment 14, a sum of HK$10,000, Tong stated that this was
lent to Cynthia at Sudhir’s request. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 86.

Originally, Sudhir denied that this had anything to do with him. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defence, para 29; Sudhir’s AEIC, para 38.

Under cross-examination, however, Sudhir admitted that he asked Tong to
advance the money to Cynthia as she was a mother of his friend. He said it was
his mistake to contend otherwise. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE of 22 May 2018, p 108 line 1 to p 109 line 2.

I found that it was Sudhir who asked Tong to advance the sum to Cynthia, and
who agreed to be liable for the amount.

The enforceability of the repayment documents

73 Before turning to the challenges to the enforceability of the repayment
documents, I observe that given the underlying purposes for each and every
payment as discussed above, it seemed to me that there was every reason for
Sudhir to assume liability for the payments, and to acknowledge his
indebtedness in the repayment documents. With that, I go to Sudhir’s claim
that he was tricked into signing each and every one of the repayment
documents.

The sham defence

The first set of allegations

74 The first set of allegations made by Sudhir was in relation to the
repayment documents in February and March 2010.

75 Sudhir alleged that prior to 5 February 2010, Tong had represented to him
that Tong had borrowed money from family members and business associates for
the LNG Project and the OKL shares. As Sudhir was known to his family members
and business associates, Tong wanted Sudhir to acknowledge that the sums of
money were borrowed on Sudhir’s instructions or by Sudhir. Such
acknowledgements were to show Tong’s family members and business associates
that the money did go towards these purposes, and that Tong played the role of
a middleman only. By doing so, Tong would get more time to sort out his
finances. There was no intention to create any legal obligations. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, paras 40–43.

Thus assured, Sudhir was tricked into signing the 5 February 2010
Acknowledgment and the 5 February 2010 Loan Agreement. These representations
were repeated to procure him to sign the 3 March 2010 Acknowledgement. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, paras 44–47.

76 Tong disputed Sudhir’s allegations. I have set out Tong’s account of what
transpired above at [51(g)]-[51(h)], which led to the signing of the February
documents. To summarise, by the time a sum of US$180,000 was requested for in
early February 2010, Tong was getting worried about the large advances made to
Sudhir, as there appeared to be little progress on the LNG Project. He wanted
some form of acknowledgment of liability on Sudhir’s part. Payment 15 of
US$60,000 was paid out on 3 February 2010, while Payment 16 of US$120,000 was
paid out on 8 February 2010 only after Sudhir’s acknowledgment by way of the
February documents.

77 As stated in [51(i)]-[51(j)] above, Tong explained that yet again, Payments
17 and 18 were requested by Sudhir. After making Payment 17, in an email dated
27 February 2010, Sudhir had sent him an update of the progress with regards
the HOA indicating that “5th to the 8th of april shud be the signing.”
Therefore, Tong furnished Payment 18, and arranged for the acknowledgment of
liability for the updated list of loans. Indeed, the 3 March 2010
Acknowledgment stated the date of signing of the HOA as 10 April 2010.

78 Having reviewed the matter, I did not accept Sudhir’s account. First,
Sudhir’s account was at odds with the sequence of events. There did not appear
to be any particular financial difficulty on Tong’s part. In fact,
consistently, Tong had been paying out sums to Sudhir, and continued to make
Payments 16 to 18 during the material time. Sudhir’s assertion that the scam
began from before 5 February 2010 did not sit comfortably with this
background. In contrast, it was Tong’s version that Sudhir signed the
documents to confirm his liability to receive the further advances by way of
Payments 16 to 18 that accorded with the context.

79 Second, the alleged representations did not make much sense. I found it
difficult to understand why Sudhir’s acknowledgment of liability would assuage
Tong’s family members and business associates, just because he was known to
them. Sudhir did not produce any evidence at all of his financial standing, or
proffer any reason why the family members and other business associates would
have such trust and confidence in him.

80 More significantly, Sudhir was an experienced businessman, who had, in his
own words, “worked together on a number of deals relating to the Malaysia oil
and gas industry”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, para 4.

He also described himself as someone who had “worked with various individuals
as well as organisations in the oil and gas sector in Indonesia and was
familiar with the industry”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, para 6.

I found it impossible to believe that Sudhir could have been tricked into
signing these documents, so as to assume a liability for hefty sums of money
in order to help Tong.

81 Further, it was not as if Sudhir did not have any reasonable time to
consider if he should agree to the requests. The documents were sent to Sudhir
or Ramesh by email, and then returned by email through Ramesh duly signed by
Sudhir. In other words, Sudhir had ample time to reflect on what he was being
asked to undertake, and further, he had every opportunity to discuss any
concerns with Ramesh.

82 In all these circumstances, I rejected any contention that he was tricked
into signing these documents on the premise that they were not intended to
have any legal effect. I should add that as pleaded, Sudhir’s case was that he
signed the 3 March 2010 Acknowledgment in his capacity as Al-Rafidian’s
executive director, and not in his personal capacity. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defence, para 35.

In Sudhir’s AEIC, he merely said that he was “also asked to sign for and on
behalf of [Al-Rafidian] because the monies were received largely by [Al-
Rafidian]”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, para 45.

From the wording in the 3 March 2010 Acknowledgement, it was clear to me that
the document sought a personal acknowledgment of liability from Sudhir to
Tong. In fact, in the course of cross-examination, Sudhir agreed with this. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE of 22 May 2018, p 113, lines 19–25.

The second set of representations

83 I now go to the second set of representations. According to Sudhir, the
representations became more elaborate in nature, so as to procure the signing
of the 30 December 2010 Deed and the provision of the UOB cheques.

84 As pleaded, Sudhir’s account went like this. In meetings with Ramesh from 7
August 2010 to 25 October 2010, Tong told Ramesh that he was being “hounded by
his family members and business associates”, and “facing legal suits in the
Macau court”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Defence, para 41.

Thus, Tong wanted an agreement to show that Al-Rafidian and Petunia were
borrowers of the money, and needed time to repay the moneys. Sudhir would
guarantee the repayment. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defence, para 42.

This would assuage those who were hounding him, and buy more time for him to
make arrangements to repay the loans. The agreement would replace the earlier
agreements signed. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defence, para 43.

85 At further meetings on 6 December 2010, 28 December 2010 and 7 January
2011, these representations were made to Sudhir. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defence, para 44.

In Sudhir’s AEIC, he claimed that he was “taken aback” by Tong’s request for
an agreement to be signed “at a lawyer’s office”, with someone to be a
guarantor. However, Tong showed him a copy of a letter of demand from a
lawyer, and implored him to help. Tong explained that there was a great
urgency to sign a formal agreement which his employee, Chen Min, would draft.
Thereafter, Sudhir agreed, and he left Ramesh to deal with Chen Min. However,
Sudhir insisted that the amount in the document be reduced to reflect the
amount in the letter of demand only. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, paras 49–56.

In relation to the UOB cheques issued around this period, Sudhir claimed that
these were also meant to help Tong show his family members and business
associates that he held security for the repayment of the alleged loans. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, para 47.

86 Tong’s version was as follows. From May 2010 onwards, he started asking for
repayment of Payment 16, ie, the sum of US$120,000 which was meant to have
been repaid two months from 5 February 2010 (as provided for in the 5 February
2010 Loan Agreement). Apart from asking for more time to repay, Sudhir
continued to ask for more advances from Tong. Thus, Tong wanted security
cheques for the outstanding amounts. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 116.

In addition to UOB Cheque No 402180 for US$1,130,000 mentioned at [51(e)]
above, as described in [118]–[119] below, Sudhir arranged for Al-Rafidian to
issue a further three UOB cheques to Tong as security for the amounts he had
taken, being:

(a) UOB Cheque No 402197 (undated) for the sum of US$5,231,000, which was
meant to cover all the payments in Annex A (less the downpayment of
US$1,000,000 under the Consultancy Agreement and the cash payment to Cynthia).
93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 118 and 1AB236.

(b) UOB Cheque No 402198 (dated 25 July 2010) in the sum of US$750,000, meant
to cover Payment 17, as well as the US$500,000 payment to Rianto; 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Tong’s AIEC, para 122 and 1AB220.

and

(c) UOB Cheque No 402199 (dated 25 August 2010) which was meant to cover the
US$1,000,000 payment to Abiyoso. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 123 and 1AB222.

87 On 22 October 2010, Tong and Sudhir discussed the repayment of the
advances, including cashing out UOB Cheque Nos 402180 and 402198 (for
US$1,130,000 and US$750,000) respectively by 25 October 2010. Sudhir agreed to
this. Tong followed up with an email to Ramesh, setting out the discussion.
However, Ramesh indicated that Sudhir was facing a cashflow problem, and the
repayments had to be in smaller instalments. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Tong’s AEIC, paras 137–138 and pp 839–840.

Again, Sudhir met with Tong to discuss repayment. That was when Sudhir issued
three further UOB Cheques Nos 752751, 752752 and 752753 to Tong to replace the
earlier cheques as security. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 139 and 1AB236–238.

Sudhir also agreed to a certain instalment plan. On 26 October 2010, Ramesh
sent an email to Tong, copying Sudhir, confirming the repayment plan of
US$300,000 per month commencing November 2010 until the amount were to be
repaid in full. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Tong’s AEIC, paras 138–141 and pp 841–844.

88 However, by an email dated 10 December 2010 from Ramesh to Tong, copying
Sudhir, Ramesh apologised for missing the first instalment payment, and
proposed to pay it by January 2011. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 144 and p 846.

On 17 December 2010, Tong wrote an email to Ramesh stating that he had
borrowed money from his family and friends, and that his reputation was at
stake. Thus, he recommended that “a personal loan agreement… be witnessed and
signed by all parties at a lawyer’s office, with [Sudhir] as borrower and
someone as guarantor.” He wanted the promise of the repayment in January 2011
to be firm. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 145 and p 847.

Therefore, a draft loan repayment agreement was drawn up, to record all the
payments in Annex A, the US$500,0000 payment to Rianto and the US$1,000,000
payment to Abiyoso. This was sent to Ramesh by Tong’s employee, Chen Min, on
29 December 2010, to reflect the sum of US$7,732,300. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 146 and pp 849–856.

89 In the meantime, on 27 December 2010, Tong asked Cecilia to inform Sudhir
through Ramesh that Tong was being chased for Payments 6, 9 and 10 by way of a
letter of demand from a lawyer. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 147 and pp 859–860.

In response, Ramesh sent an email on 30 December 2010 to say that Sudhir was
only agreeable to commit to a repayment schedule for US$3,250,000, reflecting
Payments 6, 9 and 10 with interest. They should then proceed to discuss the
other outstanding amounts. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 148 and pp 861–868.

90 Thereafter, Chen Min amended the draft agreement and sent it to Ramesh by
way of an email on 30 December 2010, including only Payments 6, 9 and 10. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 150.

Eventually, the 30 December 2010 Deed was executed. Its terms are as set out
at [24] above, with a proviso that parties would discuss the outstanding
amounts which formed the subject matter of the 28 February 2011 Agreements.

91 Having weighed the evidence, I found Sudhir’s evidence completely
unbelievable. As Sudhir conceded, the 30 December 2010 Deed was a far more
formal document than the earlier documents. It also contained a concrete
repayment plan. There were negotiations by parties on its terms. It seemed to
me extremely illogical that parties would negotiate the terms of the formal
agreement, if it was only meant to be a sham.

92 Once again, I was not at all convinced that Sudhir, an experienced
businessman, could have been tricked into signing the deed, not just on behalf
of Al-Rafidian and Petunia as borrowers, but also personally as a guarantor.
Again, it was not as if Sudhir did not have time to consider the consequences
of his actions, and he had Ramesh to discuss the matter with.

93 Further, the reason given by Sudhir for the emails from Tong to pursue
payment and the responses by Ramesh and Sudhir to negotiate the terms of
repayment was utterly contrived. Sudhir’s explanation was that from time to
time, Tong would send such emails to give the semblance that he was pursuing
repayment from Sudhir, and that Tong would require either Ramesh or Sudhir to
respond to him to ask for time. Insofar as the replies were sent by Ramesh,
they were sent on Sudhir’s instructions. Ramesh echoed such evidence. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Ramesh’s AEIC, paras 96–97; Sudhir’s AEIC, para 48.

Reading the contents of the relevant emails, it was evident that Tong was
seriously pursuing repayment by Sudhir. It was also evident that Sudhir and
Ramesh were seriously negotiating with Tong on the terms of repayment. There
would be no need to do so if Sudhir bore no liability at all. I failed to see
any merit in the claim that Tong orchestrated an elaborate scam which extended
to fabricating the emails negotiating repayment.

94 Equally, I found unmeritorious Sudhir’s explanation for the UOB cheques. In
his AEIC, Sudhir explained in one brief paragraph that between March 2010 to
December 2010, Tong had also sought his help to provide cheques to show that
he had security for repayment of the alleged loans. Sudhir recalled that
several cheques were blank and/or without any dates; Tong had said that he
would fill them in, as and when required. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, para 47.

In my view, this was a completely farfetched claim. It was perplexing that
Sudhir would take the risk of issuing cheques (including blank cheques) merely
to help Tong maintain his charade.

95 I noted that by December 2010, Tong was anxious to ensure that Sudhir
adhered to his repayment promises, and had put some pressure on Sudhir to do
so. Tong admitted that in December 2010, he informed Sudhir that he was being
chased by family members for a return of the sums of money, and also faced a
lawyer’s letter of demand. In fact, the email of 17 December 2010 contained
such statements: see [88] above. However, the email of 17 December 2010 did
not support Sudhir’s allegation that Tong had said that the 30 December 2010
Deed would not be legally binding. As I shall expand on immediately below, I
accepted that up until the signing of the 30 December 2010 Deed, Tong did not
say to Sudhir that any of the repayment documents was not intended to have any
legal effect. Up to this point in time, the repayment documents were not sham
documents.

The 7 January 2011 Statement

96 With that, I now deal with the effect of the 7 January 2011 Statement on
the repayment documents. This, in fact, was the strongest piece of evidence in
support of Sudhir’s case that the repayment documents were not meant to have
any legal effect.

97 The 7 January 2011 Statement provided as follows: 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

1AB41.

To: [The plaintiffs]

Date: January 7, 2011

FM: [Al-Rafidian]

[Petunia]

You have informed us that you require the agreements to be signed with
Kensington (US$4.2m with [Al-Rafidian] and US$1.642m with [Petunia]) as you
have a number of legal matters in the court in Macau where you are being sued
by creditors. You said that you need to show the agreements to the court,
otherwise, you would be in trouble with the creditors and the court.

We accept in good faith that what you have represented to us is true.

We will enter into the agreements on the basis that you will not use them to
sue [Al-Rafidian] and [Petunia] and any guarantor (if applicable). The
agreements are to be strictly used by [the plaintiffs] for the purpose of
showing the courts in Macau and Hong Kong (if applicable)… that [the
plaintiffs] are able to meet their obligations.

98 In the Defence, Sudhir pleaded that the document was signed at a meeting on
7 January 2011. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Defence, para 47.

In his AEIC, he stated that “[f]ollowing the signing of the 30 December 2010
Deed”, Tong asked for more formal agreements to be signed. Sudhir then “asked
[Tong] to put down in writing that these agreements that he was requesting
were not to be used against [Al-Rafidian], [Petunia] and/or any guarantors to
the agreements” . 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, para 59.

Thereafter, the document was duly signed. Ramesh corroborated his evidence.

99 According to Tong, following the signing of the 30 December 2010 Deed, he
continued to negotiate with Sudhir and Ramesh to sign further formal loan
agreements in relation to the other outstanding sums. At a meeting in
Singapore on 23 or 24 February 2011, Tong brought along two draft loan
agreements. To convince Sudhir to sign them, he told Sudhir and Ramesh that he
could be sued in the Macau courts by creditors, and this was because of
Sudhir’s failure to repay him. He asked Sudhir to sign the further formal loan
agreements so that he could at least show them to the court and to his
creditors. What he said was clearly not true as he did not have any pending
court matters at the time. He said it in the hope that it would spur Sudhir to
sign the further formal documents. In response, Ramesh said that he wanted
Tong to sign a statement confirming that he needed these loan documents to
show them to the Macau court, and that Sudhir would not sign the further loan
agreements unless Tong were to sign the statement. Tong then signed the 7
January 2011 Statement. Although the document was dated 7 January 2011, this
was signed on or around the time of the signing of the 28 February 2011
Agreements. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 166.

100 I accepted Tong’s version that he came to sign the 7 January 2011
Statement on or around 23 or 24 February 2011, and not Sudhir’s account that
it was signed on 7 January 2011. Tong’s version was supported by the objective
evidence that on 24 February 2011, the draft agreement involving Al-Rafidian
stipulated an amount of US$4,500,000 owing 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 6 (“6AB”) p 3329–3334.

instead of the figure reflected in the 7 January 2011 Statement by way of the
phrase “US$4.2m with [Al-Rafidian]”. It appeared to me that the amount of
US$4,200,000 was only finalised by the parties after 24 February 2011. That
figure was then incorporated into the agreement involving Al-Rafidian, and
also found its way into the Statement. In any event, despite the difference in
the parties’ cases on the date of the signing of the Statement, what was
critical was Sudhir’s acceptance that the 7 January 2011 Statement was signed
after the 30 December 2010 Deed.

101 Thus, it was only after the 30 December 2010 Deed was signed that Tong
said that he was being hounded by creditors, that he had legal problems, and
that he would not use the further loan documents. While Tong explained that
this was to get Sudhir to sign the further loan documents, such
representations threw doubt on the validity of the 28 February 2011
Agreements. In this regard, it is not disputed that in two earlier sets of
proceedings, High Court Suits Nos 842 and 844 of 2012, Kensington had relied
on the 28 February 2011 Agreements to make claims against Sudhir. However,
these actions have been discontinued, without prejudice to Kensington’s
rights. In other words, given the 7 January 2011 Statement, the plaintiffs had
chosen not to rely on the 28 February 2011 Agreements. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Tong’s AEIC, pp 926–936.

102 Nonetheless, I did not find that there was a sham which had existed since
5 February 2010. I rejected Sudhir’s attempt to impugn all the repayment
documents on the basis of events which took place after the signing of the 30
December 2010 Deed. In my view, the evidence showed that at all times, Sudhir
acknowledged his liability to the plaintiffs for the amounts, and was
seriously negotiating the terms of repayment. These efforts were not part of a
scam designed to fool Tong’s creditors.

103 I now deal with Sudhir’s argument that the 28 February 2011 Agreements
superseded the earlier repayment documents. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

DS, paras 10–14.

On the face of these agreements, there was no clause with such effect in
either document. In any event, as Sudhir contended, these agreements were
tainted by the representations contained in the 7 January 2011 Statement. This
was not seriously disputed by the plaintiffs. As I have stated above, the
validity of these agreements were in doubt. As such, they would not supersede
the earlier repayment documents.

Conclusion

104 By the foregoing, I rejected the sham defence.

The illegality defence

105 I deal very quickly with the illegality defence. Essentially, this defence
was premised on the very same representations relied on for the sham defence,
ie, that the relevant repayment documents were created purely to deceive
Tong’s creditors and the Macau court, and were not intended to be legally
binding. Therefore, Sudhir argued that the 3 March 2010 Acknowledgment and the
30 December 2010 Deed were void for illegality and unenforceable. As I have
found, the allegations were devoid of merit. Accordingly, I rejected the
illegality defence.

The illegal moneylending defence

106 As for the illegal moneylending defence, I should highlight that this
defence was raised very late in the day, about one month before the
commencement of the trial. Having raised it, Sudhir appeared to have abandoned
it; it was not dealt with in his closing submissions at all. In any event, I
deal briefly with Sudhir’s pleaded case that if Payments 1 to 18 were indeed
loans to him, they were unenforceable by virtue of the MLA as they were loans
granted by an unlicensed moneylender.

107 I note that by s 2 of the MLA, a moneylender means a person who carries on
the business of moneylending. Section 3 provides that any person who lends a
sum of money in consideration of a larger sum being repaid shall be presumed,
until the contrary is proved, to be a moneylender.

108 In Subramaniam Dhanapakiam v Ghaanthimathi [1991] 1 SLR(R) 164 at [10] and
Sheagar s/o T M Veloo v Belfield International (Hong Kong) Ltd [2014] 3 SLR
524 at [38], it was made clear that at common law, the test for the carrying
on of a business is that of the undertaking of the relevant transactions with
“some degree of system and continuity”. Where the transactions are undertaken
only incidentally to the provision of other services, the requisite degree of
system and continuity to constitute a “business” would generally not be
established. The mere act of lending money does not fall within the
prohibition of carrying on the business of moneylending under the MLA. To
contravene the prohibition, the regulated activity must have system and
continuity to constitute the business of moneylending. Therefore, activity
which is simply incidental to the person’s core business is insufficient.

109 As argued by the plaintiffs, they were not in the business of
moneylending. I agreed. As established above, Payments 1 to 4 were advanced
broadly pursuant to the Consultancy Agreement. Payments 5 to 9, 12 to 13, and
15 to 18 were advances provided in the course of the LNG Project. The
commercial context was the LNG Project, and not a moneylending business. While
Payments 10 and 11 were personal loans to Sudhir, and Payment 14 was a
personal loan to Cynthia, these were on the basis of the business and personal
relationship between Tong and Sudhir. There was hardly sufficient evidence to
establish a system and continuity in moneylending to constitute the business
of moneylending.

110 Turning to the matter of interest, I noted that it was only in relation to
Payment 16 that Tong indicated, at the time of lending, that interest would be
payable. This was set out in the 5 February Loan Agreement. As for all the
other advances, they were furnished without any interest element at all. In
the 3 March 2010 Acknowledgment, the plaintiffs did not claim for any interest
at all, even in relation to Payment 16. Subsequently, when a repayment plan
was being worked out, the interest element was negotiated, and then
incorporated into the 30 December 2010 Deed for Payments 6, 9 and 10. Even
then, the interest rate of 2% per month from the dates of the payments to 30
December 2010 was meant to take into account a nine-month grace period granted
for the repayment plan from January 2011 and to 30 September 2011.

111 In my view, any presumption that the plaintiffs were moneylenders had been
rebutted. It was clear that the plaintiffs were not in the business of
moneylending. Accordingly, I rejected the moneylending defence.

Conclusion

112 In light of all of the above, by the terms of the 30 December 2010 Deed, I
found that Sudhir had agreed to be liable to pay Kensington the claim in
relation to Payments 6, 9 and 10 in the sum of US$3,250,000. As for the other
15 payments, in accordance with the 3 March 2010 Acknowledgment, he had
acknowledged liability to Tong in the sum of US$3,880,000 and HK$618,000, and
was liable to pay these amounts to Tong.

Whether Sudhir was liable for the US$500,000 payment to Rianto

113 I go to the next part of the claim. According to Tong, in late April 2010,
Rianto arranged for a meeting in Indonesia with the new Minister of Energy and
Mineral Resources. During the trip, he brought up the question of his fee.
Tong told Rianto that this was actually Sudhir’s responsibility, as Sudhir was
the person responsible for all expenses under the Consultancy Agreement. After
the trip, Sudhir asked Tong to advance a further sum of US$500,000 to keep the
deal moving along. On 13 May 2010, Tong transferred the sum of US$500,000 to
Rianto. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Tong’s AEIC, paras 108–110; PS, paras 130–133.

Sudhir had agreed to repay the sum, and Al-Rafidian issued a UOB Cheque No
402198 to Tong dated 25 July 2010 of US$750,000 (to cover the amount as well
as Payment 17, which had been advanced on or about 19 February 2010 to
Rianto). 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 122 and p 719; PS, para 131.

114 However, Sudhir denied any knowledge of this payment. He claimed that
after Rianto and Abiyoso became involved in the LNG Project, Tong sidelined
him, and he was not privy to their dealings. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, para 21.

115 From an email from Sudhir dated 13 April 2010, it was clear that Sudhir
knew about the ministerial meeting, and had arranged for it. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 108 and p 676.

Thus, I did not accept that Sudhir did not know about the meeting, or that the
payment of US$500,000 was for the purpose of the LNG Project. Support for
Tong’s case also came in the form of UOB Cheque No 402198 issued to secure the
two payments to Rianto, Payment 17 and the sum of US$500,000. As stated
earlier, the explanation by Sudhir that this cheque was provided as part of
the sham to assuage Tong’s creditors was simply unsatisfactory.

116 I accepted Tong’s position that given that this was a payment in relation
to the LNG Project, and Sudhir’s acknowledgment of his liability for expenses
for the LNG Project, as confirmed by way of the cheque for US$750,000 to Tong,
Sudhir was liable to Tong for the sum. I thus allowed Tong’s claim for this
amount.

Whether Sudhir was liable for the US$1,000,000 payment to Abiyoso

117 According to Tong, the US$1,000,000 payment was made to Abiyoso in
relation to the Sand Project. I have set out the brief background above at
[20].

118 To elaborate, sometime in April 2010, Ramesh asked Tong to advance a sum
of US$1,000,000, on the assurance that the Sand Project would generate a
positive cash flow of S$3,000,000 per month for a period of 18 months from
June 2010. Tong would receive a share of the profits if successful. If not,
Tong would be repaid the advance. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Tong’s AEIC, para 112.

As Tong was reluctant to provide the advance on the strength of Abiyoso’s
cheque of US$1,000,000 as security, Ramesh informed him that Sudhir would
provide an undertaking to be responsible for the amount if the Sand Project
did not materialise.

119 To confirm the arrangement, Tong called Sudhir on the phone, and Sudhir
furnished the assurance. Tong used the opportunity to emphasise to Sudhir that
he expected the earlier payments to be repaid. Thereafter, Tong issued a post-
dated cheque by Kensington (OCBC Cheque No 000030 dated 21 May 2010) of
US$1,000,000. Tong post-dated the cheque so as to have enough time to receive
a cheque from Sudhir as security. On 20 May 2010, Ramesh sent an email to
Tong, attaching an image of a cheque in the sum of US$5,231,000 (UOB Cheque No
402197). This was to cover all the payments in Annex A (less the downpayment
of US$1,000,000 under the Consultancy Agreement and the cash payment to
Cynthia). 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

6AB2880–2881.

Two days later, Sudhir passed to Tong two more UOB cheques issued by Al-
Rafidian to Tong, one for US$1,000,000 (UOB Cheque No 402199) dated 25 August
2010 to cover the advance in relation to the Sand Project, 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Tong’s AEIC, p 720.

and the one for US$750,000 (UOB Cheque No 402198) to cover the two advances to
Rianto. As the Sand Project did not materialise, Tong claimed the sum of
US$1,000,000.

120 According to Sudhir, he was not involved in the Sand Project at all, and
he denied making any representation to Tong on the matter. In one paragraph in
his AEIC, he said that it was Rianto and Abiyoso who introduced the Sand
Project to Tong. He did not mention Ramesh’s involvement. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Sudhir’s AEIC, para 65.

In cross-examination, he conceded that Ramesh was involved in the project. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE of 22 May 2018, p 127 lines 7–14.

His position was that Ramesh did not represent him. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE of 22 May 2018, p 136 lines 15–19.

121 I was unable to accept Sudhir’s bare denial. It was clear from the emails
that Sudhir was involved in the Sand Project. In particular, I relied on the
email of 14 May 2010 from Lee Mee Nah (who was Sudhir’s assistant) to Tong,
Rianto and Sudhir, copying Ramesh, sending a document in relation to the Sand
Project. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

5AB2731.

I also referred to Ramesh’s email of 23 January 2011 to Tong (copying Sudhir),
in which Ramesh referred specifically to the cheque provided by Abiyoso to
Tong, and set out problems with the Sand Project. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

6AB3301.

As pointed out by the plaintiffs, there was also Ramesh’s email to Tong on 27
January 2011, in which he pointed out that he was to represent Sudhir in the
Sand Project. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

6AB3313–3315.

122 As such, I accepted Tong’s case that Sudhir was involved in the Sand
Project, and he had agreed to be liable for the sum of US$1,000,000, should
the project not materialise. In this regard, I noted that Sudhir was not able
to remember when UOB Cheque No 402199 for US$1,000,000 was given to Tong, and
the specific purpose for the cheque. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE of 22 May 2018, p 151 lines 7–15.

There was no dispute that the Sand Project did not materialise. I found in
favour of Tong for this claim.

Conclusion

123 From my discussion above, it is clear that I did not find Sudhir to be a
credible witness. In many aspects, his evidence was bare, vague and
unsatisfactory. His case was also seriously undermined by the contemporaneous
documents. Accordingly, based on what I stated in [112], [116] and [122 ]
above, I granted judgment in favour of the plaintiffs in the sums of
US$8,630,000 and HK$618,000, with interest at the rate of 5.33% from the date
of the writ.

124 Turning to the issue of costs, the plaintiffs argued for costs to be
awarded to them on an indemnity basis. Relying on Airtrust (Hong Kong) Ltd v
PH Hydraulics & Engineering Ptd Ltd [2016] 5 SLR 103 at [23], the plaintiffs
contended that one category of cases where the court should award indemnity
costs is “where a party’s conduct in the course of proceedings is dishonest,
abusive or improper”. On the basis of a high degree of unreasonableness in
Sudhir’s conduct, the plaintiffs argued that an award of costs on an indemnity
basis was warranted. Sudhir argued to the contrary.

125 It was not disputed that pursuant to O 59 r 5(b) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed), in exercising its discretion as to costs, the
court shall take into account the conduct of the parties. While I did not
award costs to the plaintiffs on an indemnity basis, I certainly found aspects
of Sudhir’s conduct to be relevant in fixing the quantum of costs.

126 In particular, I considered to be relevant Sudhir’s absence from the trial
on a few days without any good reason. On 8 May 2018, the first day of the
trial, Sudhir was in Sri Lanka, and could not be contacted by his counsel.
Counsel was uncertain whether Sudhir wished to proceed with the matter, and
this led to an adjournment of the hearing. On the afternoon of 11 May 2018,
when Sudhir was due to give evidence, he was absent. He was also absent on 15
May 2018. It transpired that he had chosen to undergo a non-emergency elective
heart procedure without keeping his counsel fully informed of his intention.
Such conduct resulted in a waste of trial time.

127 I also noted that upon the request of parties, a generous period of eight
weeks was granted for the filing of the closing submissions which were filed
on 18 July 2018. The plaintiffs’ closing submissions comprising 180 pages
dealt in detail with all the factual disputes. Meanwhile, Sudhir’s closing
submissions were merely 29 pages. Thereafter, Sudhir’s counsel wrote in on 25
July 2018 to request for leave to file reply submissions. On 3 August 2018, I
saw parties on the matter. Despite objections by the plaintiffs on both the
request and the period of time requested for the filing of the reply
submissions, I granted time for reply submissions to be filed by Sudhir by 11
September 2018. However, on the last day, Sudhir’s counsel wrote to say that
no reply submissions would be filed. Sudhir had caused further delay to the
matter.

128 In view of Sudhir’s tardy conduct in these proceedings, I granted costs to
the plaintiffs on the basis of all 11 days originally fixed for the trial. In
addition, I took into account factors such as the substantial value of the
claim, the factual complexities in the matter (involving a number of business
deals), the multiple defences raised by Sudhir, and his shifting stance on
issues in the course of these proceedings. I awarded costs fixed at $240,000.
I fixed disbursements at $73,000 (which included transcription and hearing
fees, as well as other disbursements).

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge

Harish Kumar, Jonathan Toh and Josephine Chee (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
the plaintiffs;  
Tan Teng Muan and Loh Li Qin (Mallal & Namazie) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

