Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 29

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9066 and 9067 of 2018/01

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| Leow Ban Leong  
---|---  
(2)| Foo Fang Liong  
  
… Respondents

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9066 and 9067 of 2018/02

Between

(1)| Leow Ban Leong  
---|---  
(2)| Foo Fang Liong  
  
… Appellants

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Ex Tempore judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Falsification of accounts]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles] —
[Falsification of accounts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Leow Ban Leong and another and another appeal

[2019] SGHC 29

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal 9066 and 9067 of 2018/01, Magistrate’s Appeal
9066 and 9067 of 2018/02  
Chan Seng Onn J  
30 November 2018; 12 February 2019

12 February 2019

Chan Seng Onn J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 The first respondent in Magistrate’s Appeal (“MA”) 9066 and 9067 of 2018/01
and the first appellant in MA 9066 and 9067 of 2018/02, Leow Ban Leong
(“Leow”), is the chief executive officer of Prelim Construction Pte Ltd
(“Prelim”) and a director cum shareholder of Advance Facilities Pte Ltd
(“Advance”). These are related companies. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Public Prosecutor v Leow Ban Leong and another [2018] SGDC 157 (“GD”), [1].

Prelim and Advance are two of many companies within the “Master” group of
companies, which are controlled by Leow. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript, 19 September 2017, p 3, lines 5 – 12 (ROP, p 1077).

The second respondent in Magistrate’s Appeal (“MA”) 9066 and 9067 of 2018/01
and the second appellant in MA 9066 and 9067 of 2018/02 , Foo Fang Liong
(“Foo”) is a senior manager at both Prelim and Advance. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP, p 2832, qns 48 and 49.

Given that this ex tempore judgment deals with Leow and Foo’s appeals against
their conviction, I will, for convenience, refer to them collectively as “the
appellants”. The appellants each faced three charges under s 477A read with s
109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), for engaging in a conspiracy to
falsify company documents. After a joint trial, they were both convicted on
all three charges. Leow was fined a total of $90,000 ($30,000 fine per
charge), while Foo was fined a total of $45,000 ($15,000 fine per charge). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

GD, [4] and [6].

Leow and Foo subsequently filed appeals against their conviction, while the
Prosecution filed cross-appeals against the sentences imposed.

Appeals against conviction

2 Having heard the parties’ submissions, I do not think that the trial judge’s
findings on the whole are against the weight of the evidence. Accordingly, I
dismiss Leow and Foo’s appeals against conviction. In particular, I agree with
the trial judge that Foo and Leow had both acted on the basis that the “Term
Contract” would apply to the Floating Sea Barrier Project (“FSB Project”),
which would require Prelim to charge for the buoys only on a cost-plus basis.
I say this for three reasons. First, the only contract governing the
relationship between Prelim and the Police Coast Guard (“PCG”) was the Term
Contract. Second, Leow’s statement to the Commercial Affairs Department
suggests that he had believed the Term Contract would apply to the FSB
Project. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROP pp 2625 – 2626, qn 22.

Third, Prelim made reference to the Term Contract in the authentic “Form D9”
that was submitted to the Auditor-General’s Office (“AGO”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP, p 2909.

In fact, Form D9 itself was a feature unique to the Term Contract. Form D9 was
a declaration by Prelim to the Ministry of Home Affairs (“MHA”) that the price
quoted was the net price paid to its supplier (after deducting trade
discounts), and that it had not suppressed any information to the disadvantage
of the government. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROP, p 2106.

3 Even if it were the case that the Term Contract was rendered inapplicable
because the supply and/or services (if any) to be provided as part of the FSB
Project were outside the scope of the Term Contract, there was nothing to
prevent the parties from agreeing to a separate ad hoc contract that would be
governed by terms similar to the Term Contract, such that the pricing was also
to be on a cost-plus basis. This was a term that the contracting parties would
have been familiar with.

4 According to the appellants, it was one Benson Tan (“Benson”), an agent of
PCG, who initially prepared a quotation dated 12 February 2010 (“Quotation”)
using Prelim’s letterhead without first seeking the authorisation of Prelim. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Appellants’ submissions for appeal against conviction (“ASC”), paras 30 and
31.

The price quoted was $2,500 plus 5% per buoy in this Quotation. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP, p 2492.

After PCG approved the purchase based on the price stated in the Quotation,
Benson informed Prelim to proceed based on the Quotation. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP, pp 2489 – 2491.

5 Prelim then negotiated with its supplier of the buoys, Wealth Marine Pte Ltd
(“Wealth Marine”) and managed to negotiate the price of the buoys down to
$1,500 per buoy. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

GD, [30]; ROP, p 3112 – 3114.

Thereafter, Prelim agreed to perform the contract based on the Quotation drawn
up by Benson. Prelim accordingly charged PCG $2,500 plus 5% per buoy. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

GD, [32]. See also ROP, p 2488.

6 Taking Prelim’s case at the highest, it is clear that by agreeing
subsequently to perform the contract in accordance with the terms stated in
the Quotation, albeit prepared initially by Benson, Prelim had in fact
ratified what Benson had done, adopted the Quotation on its letterhead as its
own and therefore confirmed that the contract with PCG would be performed in
accordance with that Quotation.

7 It is significant to note at this juncture that there was an asterisk marked
in the Quotation next to the item for the buoys to indicate that it was to be
on a cost-plus basis as would be under the Term Contract. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROP, p 2060, para 6.3; ROP, p 2492.

Upon accepting to perform the contract as per the Quotation, Leow and Foo must
have known at least by this time (if not even earlier) that they would be
overcharging PCG as the cost-plus basis of charging would have only allowed
them to charge at $1,500 plus 5% per buoy and not $2,500 plus 5% per buoy.
Despite this, they proceeded to ensure that PCG was charged a cost-plus price
of $2,500 plus 5% per buoy, which was in fact known to them to be wrong. The
fact stated in the Quotation (which was ratified by them) therefore falsely
represented $2,500 plus 5% per buoy as the true cost-plus price of the buoys.
However, the true cost-plus price should have been $1,500 per buoy from its
supplier plus 5% and no more.

8 Therefore, when the AGO asked for supporting documents to prove that Prelim
had indeed purchased the buoys from its supplier Wealth Marine at what
purported to be $2,500 per buoy, Leow and Foo decided to fabricate supporting
documents on the letterhead of Prelim’s related company Advance. This was to
make it seem as though the overall average cost of the buoys was $2,500 each
because some extra services provided by Advance had to be included to the cost
of the buoys. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROP, p 2528.

To my mind, there were two likely reasons for this. First, Leow and Foo wanted
to retain the additional $1,000 per buoy which they had overcharged PCG and
therefore they ingeniously disguised them as extra services (eg, some
fictitious warranties) per buoy in the fictitious invoice documents of
Prelim’s purported supplier Advance. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROP, p 2833, qn 54; Transcript, 20 September 2017, p 9, lines 21 – 23 (ROP, p
1240); GD, [128].

Second, Leow and Foo wanted to cover up the overcharging and falsification of
the cost-plus price of $2,500 plus 5% charged per buoy in order to preserve
Prelim’s reputation with PCG (and ultimately the MHA). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript, 19 September 2017, p 69, lines 19 – 25 (ROP, p 1143).

9 I note the appellants’ argument that the Prosecution’s case theory, ie, that
the appellants had committed the offence to protect their reputation, was
never put to Leow or Foo during cross-examination. However, Leow had stated
several times that the MHA was a long-time client for whom Prelim would go the
extra mile, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript, 19 September 2017, p 66, lines 5 – 8 (ROP, p 1140).

and that since Prelim had committed to PCG it had to maintain its reputation.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcript, 19 September 2017, p 65, lines 1 – 4 (ROP, p 1139).

Hence, the court is entitled to draw the necessary inferences based on the
evidence before it.

10 It is undisputed that the actual supplier of the buoys was Wealth Marine.
Indeed, Prelim had initially submitted a Form D9 to the AGO which declared
Wealth Marine as the supplier of the buoys. However, Leow and Foo deliberately
suppressed the invoice from Wealth Marine which would have clearly showed that
Prelim had purchased the buoys for only $1,500 each. Instead, Leow and Foo
fabricated and submitted an invoice, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROP, p 2529.

claim form 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROP, p 2528.

and Form D9 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROP, p 2844.

(collectively, the “offending documents”) which falsely specified Advance as
the supplier of the buoys.

11 The appellants’ case is that they had created the offending documents to
satisfy Benson’s incessant requests for supporting documents to show that the
buoys were purchased by Prelim for $2,500 each, which was false. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ASC, para 93.

However, the appellants submit that their intention was never to deceive the
AGO, which is why they made sure to indicate on the Advance invoice that the
price per unit of the buoys remains at $1,500. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ASC, para 134.

12 Taking the appellants’ case at its highest, all this goes to demonstrate
that there was one isolated fact stated in the offending documents, which only
when completely taken out of context would be correct, ie, the cost price was
indeed $1,500 per buoy. But this ignores the fact that the fictitious
documents tendered to AGO fraudulently misrepresented to the AGO that the
supplier of the buoys to Prelim was Advance when in fact it was Wealth Marine.
Further, the fictitious documents fraudulently misrepresented to the AGO that
there was a three-year extended warranty provided by Advance to Prelim in
respect of the 91 buoys for which PCG had to be additionally charged. In fact,
no such extended warranty was asked for nor agreed to by PCG. The fictitious
three-year extended warranty was inserted to artificially boost the overall
average price per buoy to $2,500, a figure that the appellants were anxious to
show to AGO on the supporting documents in order to match the cost-plus price
Prelim had charged to PCG of $2,500 plus 5% per buoy as per the Quotation.

13 Accordingly, I agree with the trial judge that this extended warranty was
entirely fictitious, and was merely meant to justify the additional $1,000
that Prelim had charged PCG for each of the buoys. The trial judge found that
there was no evidence to show that Prelim and PCG had ever discussed the issue
of an extended warranty. In this regard, the trial judge was right to reject
the Defence’s contention that Advance had genuinely intended to provide Prelim
with an extended three-year warranty.

14 Apparently, Prelim paid its related company Advance $136,500 for 91 buoys
at $1,500 per buoy and also $91,000 for the additional services which included
the extended three-year warranty for the 91 buoys at $1,000 per buoy. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROP, p 2529.

The question is whether this is real or yet another fictitious transaction to
lend support to the price of $2,500 plus 5% per buoy Prelim had charged PCG. I
find it puzzling why Prelim would have wanted to make double payment for the
buoys ie, once to Wealth Marine 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROP, p 2526.

and once to Advance. Indeed, Leow accepted that it made no commercial sense
for Prelim to have done so. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript, 20 September 2017, p 23, lines 16 – 20 (ROP, p 1254).

I infer that the payment of $136,500 (based on 91 buoys at $1,500 per buoy)
and $91,000 (for additional services) by Prelim to its related company Advance
was intended to create some evidence of a payment trail to support the false
fact stated in the fictitious invoice from Advance of having purportedly
supplied the 91 buoys to Prelim for $1,500 per buoy when in fact it did not.
This shows the devious methods and extent to which the appellants were trying
to mask their misdeeds from the AGO and prevent discovery.

15 I also do not consider it necessary to find whether the false documents
were prepared on the instructions of Benson or otherwise. I agree with the
trial judge that even if Benson had instructed Leow and Foo to create the
false documents, they would still be liable for the abetment of the offence.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

GD, [128].

16 Ultimately, Leow and Foo had fabricated the offending documents intended to
be eventually forwarded by Benson for presentation to AGO, which they knew to
contain false information. Therefore, the actus reus of the offence under s
477A is made out, which the appellants do not dispute. The mens rea of the
offence has two components, namely the intention to deceive, and intention to
gain some advantage or benefit. To my mind, the appellants had intended to use
these offending documents to mislead and deceive the AGO into thinking that
Advance was the actual supplier of the buoys when it was not the case, and
further, that the $2,500 cost of each buoy was comprised of $1,500 for the
buoy itself that Advance had itself supplied to PCG plus an additional $1,000
for a fictitious extended warranty and some other services for the buoys. This
then purportedly allowed Advance to charge Prelim an average price of $2,500
per buoy. Further, the offending documents, if believed by the AGO to be true
with regard to all the facts stated therein, would have allowed Prelim to
retain the additional $1,000 per buoy. This is because it would have justified
to the AGO that the overall cost price was $2,500 per buoy plus 5% that was
charged to PCG as per the terms of the Term Contract on a cost-plus basis.
Therefore, the intention to gain a benefit is clear even without me having to
find that their intention was to avoid reputational damage. Accordingly, I see
no reason to overturn the judge’s decision to convict Leow and Foo and I
dismiss the appeals against conviction.

17 I will now hear the submissions of the parties on sentence.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Gordon Oh, Jiang Ke-Yue and Magdalene Huang (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the appellant in MA 9066 and 9067 of 2018/01 and the respondent in MA 9066 and
9067 of 2018/02;  
Cavinder Bull, S.C. and Vikram Rajaram (Drew & Napier LLC) (instructed
counsel) / Edwin Lee Peng Khoon and Pramnath Vijayakumar (Eldan Law LLC)
(instructing counsel) / Kang Kok Boon Favian (Peter Low & Choo LLC)
(instructing counsel) for the respondents in MA 9066 and 9067 of 2018/01 and
the appellants in MA 9066 and 9067 of 2018/02.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

