Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 15

Suit No 412 of 2016

Between

| Gulf Hibiscus Limited  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Rex International Holding Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Rex International Investments Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Arbitration] — [Stay of court proceedings] — [Inherent jurisdiction] —
[General discretion to lift stay of court proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Gulf Hibiscus Ltd

  
  

v

  
  

Rex International Holding Ltd and another

  
  

[2019] SGHC 15

High Court — Suit No 412 of 2016Aedit Abdullah J19 February, 24 and 30 April
2018

24 January 2019

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 This case followed my earlier decision in Gulf Hibiscus Ltd v Rex
International Holding Ltd and another [2017] SGHC 210 (“Gulf Hibiscus (Grant
of Stay)”), where I affirmed the decision of the learned Assistant Registrar
(“the AR”) to grant a stay of court proceedings on the basis of case
management. Neither side appealed against my earlier decision.

2 I subsequently clarified the terms of the order made. On 30 April 2018, I
made an order for the lifting of the stay if the parties had not made progress
on arbitration or obtained another order of court by the close of business on
31 May 2018. The defendants have since been granted leave by the Court of
Appeal to appeal against this decision.

Facts

The parties

3 The parties were identical to those in Gulf Hibiscus (Grant of Stay). The
plaintiff is one of three shareholders of Lime Petroleum PLC (“Lime PLC”), an
Isle of Man company. The other shareholders are Rex Middle East Limited
(“RME”) and Schroder & Co Banque SA (“Schroder”). The shareholders are
hereinafter collectively referred to as “the Shareholders”. The first
defendant, Rex International Holding Limited, is the ultimate holding company
of RME. The second defendant, Rex International Investments Pte Ltd, is the
intermediate holding company of RME, and a wholly owned subsidiary of the
first defendant.

Procedural history

4 The background facts were recounted in Gulf Hibiscus (Grant of Stay) from
[2] to [10]. It suffices to note that the plaintiff commenced an action by way
of Suit No 412 of 2016 (“S 412/2016”) to sue the defendants in respect of
alleged wrongs committed by them and their associated companies in joint
ventures between the two sides. The details of these claims are summarised in
Gulf Hibiscus (Grant of Stay) at [50]. Running parallel to the action
commenced here in Singapore were a number of connected proceedings in foreign
jurisdictions (see Gulf Hibiscus (Grant of Stay) at [9]).

5 The dispute at hand centres on a Shareholders’ Agreement dated 24 October
2011, which also governed the relationship between the plaintiff, RME,
Schroder and Lime PLC (“the SHA”). Clause 25.2 of the SHA provides for a
tiered dispute resolution procedure, starting first with amicable resolution,
then negotiations between a principal officer from each of the Shareholders,
and then arbitration under the extant Rules of International Arbitration of
the International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC Rules”) (see Gulf Hibiscus (Grant
of Stay) at [73]). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Dan Brostrom’s 3rd Affidavit dated 3 June 2016 at p 65.

6 The defendants sought a stay of the proceedings in S 412/2016. The AR
granted a stay on the basis of the court’s inherent jurisdiction to stay
proceedings for case management interests. The plaintiff filed an appeal
against the AR’s decision. This appeal formed the subject of Gulf Hibiscus
(Grant of Stay), where I affirmed the AR’s decision for S 412/2016 to be
stayed with the following conditions: Gulf Hibiscus (Grant of Stay) at [53]:

(a) if the tiered dispute resolution under cl 25.2 of the SHA is not triggered
by any of the parties to the SHA within three months from the date of this
judgment or an arbitration is not commenced within five months from the date
of this judgment, the parties shall be at liberty to apply to the court to
lift the stay;

(b) the Defendants be bound by the findings of fact made by the putative
arbitral tribunal;

(c) the parties shall be at liberty to pursue the court proceedings in S
412/2016 and apply to lift the stay if the putative arbitration is unduly
delayed; and

(d) following the conclusion of the arbitration proceedings, subject to any
res judicata issues, the parties are entitled to resume S 412/2016 against the
Defendants.

[emphasis in original]

7 A hearing was held on 13 November 2017 (“the Clarification Hearing”) where I
clarified that the requirements in condition (a) of the stay were conjunctive.
The word “and” should replace the word “or”, such that condition (a) would
read:

(a) if the tiered dispute resolution under cl 25.2 of the SHA is not triggered
by any of the parties to the SHA within three months from the date of this
judgment and an arbitration is not commenced within five months from the date
of this judgment, the parties shall be at liberty to apply to the court to
lift the stay.

I invited the defendants to make an application for the stay to continue if no
further action was taken in the interim.

8 As it was, the plaintiff applied in April 2018 for the lifting of the stay,
on the grounds that the conditions had been met for an application to be made.
On 30 April 2018, I ordered for the stay to be lifted at the close of business
of 31 May 2018 unless arbitration was commenced or another order of court was
granted before then.

9 I declined to grant the defendants leave to appeal against my decision. On
10 September 2018, the Court of Appeal granted them leave to appeal.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

10 The plaintiff argued that the stay should be lifted due to the non-
satisfaction of the events specified in condition (a) of the stay. First, the
tiered dispute resolution under cl 25.2 of the SHA had not been triggered
within three months of the judgment. The plaintiff interpreted cl 25.2 of the
SHA to require the parties to engage in two rounds of negotiations before
proceeding to arbitration. Negotiation was to first take place between the
parties. If an amicable resolution was not reached, a second round of
negotiations would take place between the Associate Director of Schroder, the
Managing Director of Hibiscus Petroleum Berhad (“HPB”) and the Chairman of
RME. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 20 April 2018 at para 9.

11 The plaintiff argued that RME had failed to take “all reasonable endeavours
to resolve the matter amicably”, as required under cl 25.2 of the SHA, and had
in fact obstructed such a resolution. The plaintiff submitted that the
obligation to take “all reasonable endeavours” required the defendants to take
all reasonable steps which a prudent and determined man would have taken in
the circumstances. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 20 April 2018 at para 10.

However, at the first round of negotiations, RME did not take the negotiations
seriously. RME did not indicate what disputes were to be discussed at a
proposed meeting in its November 2017 correspondence with the plaintiff. In
December 2017, it foreclosed the amicable settlement of the dispute, before
subsequently asserting that it would be open to explore an amicable
resolution. This change of position showed a lack of sincerity. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 20 April 2018 at paras 12–14.

12 At the second round of negotiations, the defendants breached cl 25.2 of the
SHA by nominating someone other than the Chairman of RME to attend
negotiations with the Managing Director of HPB. Although the clear wording of
cl 25.2 of the SHA required the Chairman of RME, Karl Lidgren, to attend the
meeting, he deliberately made himself unavailable for the meeting in
Singapore. The defendants initially proposed that Lidgren’s nominee attend the
meeting instead, and only suggested at a very late stage that Lidgren conduct
a teleconference. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 20 April 2018 at paras 15–26.

RME’s actions cumulatively demonstrated its failure to take reasonable steps
to resolve matters amicably. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 20 April 2018 at para 27.

Conversely, there had been no delays on the plaintiff’s part, and the
plaintiff acted reasonably and in good faith in trying to expedite
negotiations. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 20 April 2018 at para 29.

13 Second, arbitration had not commenced within five months of the judgment.
The defendants had no good explanation for this, despite their earlier
assurances that they were “willing to do all things necessary” in accordance
with cl 25.2 of the SHA. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Dan Brostrom’s 7th Affidavit dated 26 March 2018 at para 47.

The defendants argued that compelling RME to commence an arbitration would not
make commercial sense and would unfairly prejudice them, but as they had
failed to raise these concerns at the Clarification Hearing earlier, they were
therefore precluded from raising them. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 20 April 2018 at paras 34–37.

The court was in any event functus officio as regards further clarifying this
particular issue. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 20 April 2018 at paras 38–39.

The defendants’ case

14 The defendants’ first argument was that the conditions for the lifting of
the stay had not been met. The Clarification Hearing had made clear that the
parties could apply for the stay to be lifted upon the non-happening of two
events in condition (a) of the stay: the triggering of cl 25.2 of the SHA and
the commencement of arbitration. If one of the events occurred, parties would
have no right to apply to lift the stay. RME had issued a notice under cl 25.2
of the SHA on 23 November 2017, ie, within three months from the date of the
Gulf Hibiscus (Grant of Stay) judgment, inviting the plaintiff to attend a
meeting to attempt to resolve the dispute. The first of the two contemplated
events had occurred. The plaintiff was therefore not entitled to apply to lift
the stay. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 19 April 2018 at paras 22–30.

15 The defendant’s second argument was that the court should not exercise its
discretion to lift the stay. The stay had been granted on the basis that the
plaintiff’s right to choose whom to sue and where was a first order concern
that was subject to the second and third higher-order concerns identified in
Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and another v Silica Investors Ltd and other appeals
[2016] 1 SLR 373 (“Tomolugen”). These second and third higher-order concerns
were, respectively, the prevention of the plaintiff’s circumvention of the
arbitration clause and the court’s inherent jurisdiction over case management.
RME had consistently maintained that it would participate in the arbitration
commenced by the plaintiff. The mere fact that RME did not commence the
arbitration as claimant should not change the basis of the stay. To allow
otherwise would effectively permit the plaintiff to circumvent the arbitration
agreement or Gulf Hibiscus (Grant of Stay) itself. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 19 April 2018 at paras 31–35.

16 The defendants then cited the Privy Council decision in Hermes One Ltd v
Everbread Holdings Ltd and Ors [2016] 1 WLR 4098 (“Hermes One”). The Privy
Council had held that a party’s “[submission] to arbitration” did not require
the party to actually commence an arbitration. All that was required was for
the defendants in Hermes One to require the party which commenced the
litigation to submit to arbitration (a) by making an unequivocal request to
that effect, and/or (b) where litigation had already been commenced, by
applying for a stay. It would be an “evident incongruity” and would not make
much commercial sense to require the defendants to commence an arbitration in
which they sought no positive relief, and to seek a declaration of non-
liability to end litigation even if the plaintiff had no interest or ability
to pursue arbitration. Arbitration under the ICC Rules as required under the
governing shareholders’ agreement would also pose procedural and cost
difficulties for the defendants. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 19 April 2018 at paras 36–42.

17 The defendants argued that the Hermes One approach should be followed. No
claim was pursued by the defendants, and this was not a case where it was
possible for them to commence arbitration to seek mirror image declarations of
non-liability. If RME were to commence arbitration, it would have to specify
why each of the plaintiff’s claims should be rejected and why negative
declaratory reliefs should be granted in respect of each of those claims.
Pursuing a negative claim would be onerous, given the extent of the
plaintiff’s claims. As in Hermes One, arbitration under the ICC Rules would
also require the defendants to pay a non-refundable filing fee, among other
costs of arbitration. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 19 April 2018 at paras 43–52.

My decision

18 Having considered the affidavits and submissions, I came to the conclusion
that both sides had not moved the case along through arbitration as
expeditiously as possible. On 30 April 2018, I gave parties notice that the
stay would be lifted on 31 May 2018, unless arbitration was commenced by then
or another order of court was granted.

19 I recognised that there were features of this case that took it out of the
usual run of case management stays. If the party desiring the stay to continue
had to initiate arbitration, as required under the conditions of the stay, it
had to essentially commence arbitration in pursuit of a negative case. This
party might have to incur costs and effort in doing so, perhaps at a greater
level than if it were to simply defend the arbitration. That being said, the
court was not in effect directly compelling one side or the other to commence
arbitration. Indeed, the court could not do so; it could only specify the
consequences if arbitration were not in effect pursued, namely, that the civil
proceedings should be permitted to continue.

20 This outcome simply flows from the nature of the case management stay. As
indicated in Gulf Hibiscus (Grant of Stay) at [92] and [102], the case
management stay could not continue indefinitely, given its conditional nature
and the liberty of the parties to apply to court to reinstate proceedings if
the relevant conditions were met. In any case, the court was entitled to lift
the stay in the event of undue delay, through the exercise of its general
discretion. I will now set out my reasons for lifting the stay.

The court’s power to lift the stay

The terms granting parties liberty to apply to court to lift the stay

21 The defendants’ first argument was that condition (a) of the stay had not
been met, such that neither party had the right to apply to the court to lift
the stay. I do not agree that the conditions of a stay have the effect of
precluding a party from seeking relief unless and until the conditions have
been met.

22 It should first be clarified that the court’s discretion to lift the stay
is not constrained by or contingent upon the conditions of the stay which gave
parties liberty to apply for the lifting of the stay. The liberty granted in
conditions (a) and (c) of the stay simply allowed parties to return to court
to make an application for the stay to be lifted if the relevant conditions
were met. It provided a further assurance that parties need not take a
separate process in order to bring the matter back before the court.

23 As regards the subsequent clarification of the conditions of the stay, the
original order at [53] of Gulf Hibiscus (Grant of Stay) was probably not
crafted as clearly as it should have been. However, and in any event, my
clarification at the Clarification Hearing was not appealed against, nor, if
there was any doubt as to whether an appeal was immediately available, was any
application made for leave to appeal to be granted.

The court’s general discretion to lift the stay

24 Regardless of whether the conditions of the stay were met, the court
retains the general discretion to lift the stay. Granting liberty to the
parties to apply to the court to lift the stay did not preclude the court from
exercising its inherent power to manage its processes to “ensure the efficient
and fair resolution of disputes”: see Gulf Hibiscus (Grant of Stay) at [62],
citing Tomolugen at [188]. The court’s general discretion to lift the stay
also flows from the fact that the stay was imposed in the exercise of the
court’s selfsame case management powers. Such discretion could be exercised
even if the conditions of the stay were not met, though one would expect that
the circumstances in such a situation would be rather exceptional.

25 As a case management stay is imposed by the court pending a particular
determination or outcome, the court does not become functus officio after the
stay is granted. As such, a stay is not circumscribed by the conditions
explicitly laid down at the time of its imposition. Matters arising after a
stay has been granted may affect its continued operation, and may be material
for the court’s consideration. Accordingly, even if the liberty provisions
were not triggered on the facts, eg, if the defendants were found to have
triggered the tiered dispute resolution under cl 25.2 of the SHA, the court
was still entitled in its general discretion to consider lifting the stay if
evidence was brought concerning issues that arose due to the continuation of
the stay.

26 This position is further supported by the discussion in Tomolugen, where
the Court of Appeal considered various jurisdictions’ approaches to the
exercise of the court’s inherent power to stay or manage court proceedings. At
[186], the Court of Appeal concluded:

The authorities discussed above reveal gradations of responses to what is in
essence the same problem as that in the situation of overlapping court and
arbitral proceedings outlined ... above. … The unifying theme amongst the
cases is the recognition that the court, as the final arbiter, should take the
lead in ensuring the efficient and fair resolution of the disputes a whole.
The precise measures which the court deploys to achieve that end will turn on
the facts and the precise contours of the litigation in each case.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

27 I interpreted the approach mandated in Tomolugen as aimed at achieving
efficient and fair outcomes. For present purposes, two relevant principles
emerge. First, the court’s power to stay proceedings derives from its role in
ensuring the proper resolution of the overall dispute. This power is inherent:
it derives from the court’s role as “final arbiter”, and does not derive from
statute. Second, the scope of the court’s power to make suitable orders to
that end is determined by the circumstances; there are no a priori bright-line
rules applicable in all situations.

28 As I understood it, the parties did not take issue with the existence of
the court’s general discretion to lift the stay. However, and in any case, the
conditions of the stay only restricted the parties’ liberty to apply to the
court to lift the stay, and did not delimit the circumstances in which the
court could actually lift the stay. Accordingly, even if I was wrong about the
existence of the court’s general discretion to lift a stay that it previously
granted, I was not precluded from lifting the stay in the present case due to
the specific terms of the order I had made in Gulf Hibiscus (Grant of Stay).

The exercise of the court’s discretion to lift the stay

29 Having established the court’s power to lift the stay, the question that
then arises is whether the court should exercise its discretion to lift the
stay in the present circumstances.

30 The stay was granted in the exercise of case management powers to “control
and manage proceedings between the parties for a fair and efficient
administration of justice”: Gulf Hibiscus (Grant of Stay) at [59]. In the
exercise of these case management powers, the court’s concern is to determine
the best and most appropriate course of action for the efficient, just and
fair disposal of the matters before it, taking into account other proceedings,
including alternative dispute resolution proceedings, that are either ongoing
or available to the parties. The court must take a robust approach in these
assessments, as there is no a priori guidance that can determine the best
outcome in a particular case.

31 Which factors are relevant in such an assessment would depend on the
precise circumstances; it would not be fruitful to attempt an exhaustive
listing. As noted in Tomolugen at [188], whether measures taken by the court
are appropriate on a stay application are dependent on the circumstances, but
“the balance that is struck must ultimately serve the ends of justice”. At
[188], the Court of Appeal also referred to the set of factors considered by
Venning J at [56] in Danone Asia Pacific Holdings Pte Ltd and others v
Fonterra Co-operative Group Limited [2014] NZHC 1681 as providing the
following “comprehensive (although by no means exhaustive) and instructive
guide” for courts deciding applications to stay court proceedings whose
outcome depends on the resolution of a related arbitration:

… (a) the relationship between the parties to the court proceedings and the
parties to the arbitration; (b) the claims in the court proceedings and those
in the arbitration, and the respective issues which they raised; (c) issue
estoppel; (d) the risk of inconsistent findings between the two sets of
proceedings; (e) the risk of delay; and (f) cost.

32 It follows that whether the lifting of such a stay is appropriate would
also be dependent on the circumstances. As a general rule, where the granted
stay is conditional, the parties’ compliance with the stipulated conditions
would be a material consideration. However, in addition, the court would need
to assess whether the stay continues to achieve its purpose of ensuring that a
dispute is resolved efficiently and fairly. To my mind, where the resolution
of the dispute in question is in fact stymied by the continuation of the stay,
the court can and should reconsider the terms of the stay. It is not in the
interests of justice that case management stays remain indefinitely or for
prolonged periods of time. Disputes ought to be resolved one way or another.
The spectre of Charles Dickens’ Jarndyce v Jarndyce must be kept at bay.

33 In this regard, I did not find that the Privy Council decision in Hermes
One was relevant: crucially, it was not concerned with the lifting of a stay.
The case concerned the interpretation of an arbitration clause providing that,
in the event of an unresolved dispute, “any party may submit the dispute to
binding arbitration”. The issue was thus: where such a clause applied, were
parties entitled to a stay without having commenced arbitration? Lords Mance
and Clarke’s observations that submission to arbitration did not require the
actual commencement of arbitration would indeed be a pertinent consideration
in determining applications for the imposition of a stay in some
circumstances. However, different considerations could come into play in the
court’s exercise of the discretion to lift such a stay. Furthermore, the clear
wording of condition (a) of the present stay required arbitration to be
“commenced”, not merely that parties submit to arbitration.

34 In the present case, part of what the plaintiff raised was pertinent. There
was an absence of progress in the case since the original order was made in
2017. Given that the dispute relates to matters that arose in 2015, this state
of affairs was of some concern. The concern that the grant of a stay might
unduly delay proceedings was raised in Gulf Hibiscus (Grant of Stay) at [102],
where I stated clearly that the defendants should move RME to commence
arbitration against the plaintiff, or risk having the stay lifted:

In the present case, the Defendants have confirmed on affidavit that the
Defendants as well as RME are ‘ready and willing to do all things necessary to
enable disputes that arise out of the SHA to be resolved expeditiously in
accordance with the provisions of Clause 25 of the SHA’. Thus, even if the
Plaintiff does not initiate arbitration against RME, the Defendants can move
RME to do so. Where such proceedings are brought, for the reasons stated
above, a conditional stay is appropriate to serve the ends of justice.
However, an undefined opportunity for arbitration to be commenced would also
not be in the interests of justice. The best middle ground in such a case
would be to stay the proceedings but for it to be lifted if the tiered dispute
resolution under cl 25.2 of the SHA is not triggered within the specified
period of three months from this judgment or [note: “or” should be replaced
with “and”, following the Clarification Hearing on 13 November 2017] a notice
of arbitration is not issued within five months.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

35 Accordingly, I did not find, and did not have to find, that there was such
conduct on the part of the defendants as to amount to a lack of reasonable
effort to arrive at an amicable resolution, as argued by the plaintiff. The
upshot was that progress on the matter between the parties had, whatever the
cause, essentially ground to a halt, and the dispute remains hanging. The stay
should be lifted, if only to allow for the just and fair disposal of these
longstanding matters.

36 The other pertinent factor was that of autonomy. This was raised at various
points during the proceedings, including at the original hearing between the
parties: Gulf Hibiscus (Grant of Proceedings) discussed the plaintiff’s
concerns about this issue at [22] and [96]. In the present case, the
defendants were concerned that the conditions of the stay would require them
to commence arbitration as plaintiff. Their primary contention was that they
should not be made to initiate the process of arbitration, with the attendant
costs and impact on litigation strategy.

37 I had sympathy for the defendants’ arguments. The court would not generally
wish to compel a party to commence suit or pursue dispute resolution
proceedings. An arbitration agreement upheld by the court only prescribes a
particular form of dispute resolution, arbitration in such an instance
trumping litigation. That is the general position. But the present situation
was not a run-of-the-mill case. The difficulty here was that the defendants
were not party to the arbitration mechanism under cl 25.2 of the SHA: only
RME, their subsidiary, was party to the SHA. The fact that the defendants were
not party to an arbitration agreement with the plaintiff was discussed in Gulf
Hibiscus (Grant of Stay) at [54]-[60] and [102]. Leaving the stay in place for
a prolonged period essentially left the plaintiff with only the choice to
arbitrate vis-à-vis RME. On the other hand, the defendants themselves
apparently had little incentive to procure arbitration on the part of their
associate companies. They argued that they should not be put to the expense of
doing so, given that it was the plaintiff’s dispute, and that they would
essentially have to put forward a negative case.

38 Considering that the overriding objective was one of ensuring the
resolution of an extant dispute, the better course to my mind was to lift the
stay if no progress was made. Accordingly, that was my order.

39 My decision no doubt had the effect of compelling the defendant to choose
between initiating arbitration proceedings or continuing the civil suit in S
412/2016. The defendants would seem content to leave things as they were: they
are the defendants after all. However, while I had some sympathy for the
defendants’ stance, I could not continue the stay indefinitely, given the
context of the specific case, namely, that the defendants themselves were not
directly parties to an arbitration agreement with the plaintiff. Although the
defendants could have moved RME to initiate arbitration against the plaintiff
(see Gulf Hibiscus (Grant of Stay) at [102]), it had not done so. Seeing as
the plaintiff also did not initiate arbitration against RME, and given that no
progress was made under cl 25.2 of the SHA, the lifting of the stay will
enable the proceedings in S 412/2016 to continue.

Specific orders made

40 As I anticipated that the parties would take various steps to proceed to
arbitration or to recommence the civil suit in S 412/2016, I did not order an
immediate lifting of the stay on 30 April 2018, but allowed parties until the
close of business on 31 May 2018 to commence arbitration or to obtain a fresh
court order for the continuation of the stay. As the latter events did not
occur, the stay was lifted on 31 May 2018.

Conclusion

41 The plaintiff’s application to the court to lift the stay in S 412/2016 was
thus granted. The Court of Appeal has granted the defendants leave to appeal
against this decision.

Aedit Abdullah

Jason Chan and Leong Yi-Ming (instructed) (Allen & Gledhill LLP) and Lee Koon
Foong, Adam Hariz (Tito Isaac & Co LLP) for the plaintiff;Jaikanth Shankar and
Tan Ruo Yu (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

