Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGCA 12

Criminal Appeal No 11 of 2018

Between

ROGER YUE JR  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
… Respondent

ex Tempore judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Rape]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yue Roger Jr

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2019] SGCA 12

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 11 of 2018  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA and Steven Chong JA  
22 February 2019

22 February 2019

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 The appellant, Roger Yue Jr, was convicted by the High Court of seven
charges proceeded with at trial, namely, two charges for rape of a minor under
14 years of age, punishable under s 375(1)(b) read with s 375(2) of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), and five charges for sexual penetration of a
minor under 14 years of age, punishable under s 376A(1)(a)/s 376A(1)(b) read
with s 376A(3) of the Penal Code. These offences were committed against the
same victim. The appellant was sentenced to a global imprisonment term of 25
years (see Public Prosecutor v Yue Roger Jr [2018] SGHC 125).

Our decision

Conviction

2 Having carefully considered the appellant’s as well as the Prosecution’s
written and oral submissions, we agree with the reasoning and decision of the
trial judge on conviction. The trial judge had carefully considered all the
relevant evidence as well as arguments in meticulous detail. The Prosecution
had proved its case beyond a reasonable doubt that the appellant committed two
offences of statutory rape and five offences of sexual penetration of a minor
under 14 years of age.

3 First, the trial judge was right to find that the victim’s testimony was on
the whole believable and credible. Moreover, the appellant had adduced no
evidence to show that the victim had any motive to falsely accuse him. The
mere fact that the victim did not complain in a timely manner and had remained
in contact with the appellant over the extended duration of the abuse did not
rob her of credibility. The trial judge accepted the victim’s explanation for
her behaviour, and he was sensitive to the fact that people react in different
ways to sexual abuse, including compartmentalising or rationalising their
reactions. The trial judge was also particularly sensitive to the fact that a
child may react very differently from an adult. We agree with the trial
judge’s assessment. This was not an assessment for which the trial judge
required psychiatric evidence, especially since the appellant never raised the
point that psychiatric evidence was needed to evaluate the victim’s behaviour.
There is no basis for the appellant to now argue on appeal that the trial
judge needed psychiatric evidence to explain the victim’s behaviour.

4 Second, the trial judge was right to find that the Prosecution had proved
its case beyond a reasonable doubt that the appellant’s second statement to
the police had been given voluntarily. The appellant had not been threatened
in the manner he alleged and there was also no oppression which caused his
will to be overborne when he gave that statement. The appellant’s allegations
of threat and oppression were mere afterthoughts which were raised late in the
day. The trial judge was thus right in giving full weight to the appellant’s
statement to the police.

5 Third and very significantly, the victim’s testimony and the appellant’s
statement to the police were fully corroborated by the very detailed case
notes and report of the psychiatrist who interviewed the appellant for the
purpose of a psychiatric assessment. The trial judge was right in giving full
weight to the psychiatrist’s case notes and report. In the light of the
appellant’s own evidence which corroborated the victim’s testimony, we agree
with the trial judge that the Prosecution had proved its case beyond a
reasonable doubt that the appellant committed the seven offences.

6 Additionally, the trial judge was right in not drawing any adverse inference
against the Prosecution. The victim’s psychiatric report from when she was
seen by a psychiatrist at the Child Guidance Clinic was not a material piece
of evidence. The victim’s non-contemporaneous word document, in which she
typed an account of the offences around five to six years after they had been
committed against her, was also not a material piece of evidence. The former
boyfriends and the uncle of the victim, in whom the victim confided sometime
after the time of the offences, were also not material witnesses. The
Prosecution’s decision not to adduce these documents or to call these
witnesses had not been taken with an ulterior motive.

Sentence

7 We note that, in oral submissions, the appellant stated that he was now not
appealing against sentence. In any event, we agree with the decision of the
trial judge to sentence the appellant to a global imprisonment term of 25
years. In view of the fact that the appellant was convicted of two offences of
statutory rape and five offences of sexual penetration of a minor under 14
years of age, the global imprisonment term cannot be considered to be
excessive. In particular, the trial judge was acutely aware of the offence-
specific aggravating factors in the present case. The appellant, who was then
in his early fifties, had exploited his position as the victim’s coach and
mentor and carried out these heinous acts against her, a vulnerable victim.
The offences were premeditated by the appellant who had sexually groomed the
victim and thereafter escalated his acts to sexual penetration of the victim,
and then rape of the victim.

8 The trial judge, in coming to his decision, sentenced the appellant to 14
years’ imprisonment for each offence of statutory rape and 11 years’
imprisonment for each offence of sexual penetration of a minor under 14 years
of age. Having regard to this court’s decision in Pram Nair v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1015, the trial judge also set out his sentencing
approach for the offences of sexual penetration of a minor under 14 years of
age punishable under s 376A(3) of the Penal Code.

9 In view of the fact that the global imprisonment term of 25 years imposed on
the appellant is amply justified in this case, it is unnecessary in the
present appeal for us to comment on the trial judge’s sentencing approach for
the offences of sexual penetration of a minor under 14 years of age. We thus
do not make any comments on the general sentencing approach for offences of
sexual penetration of a minor under 14 years of age punishable under s 376A(3)
of the Penal Code. To be clear, we are also making no comment on the
appropriate sentencing approach with respect to different types of sexual
penetration, apart from digital penetration of the vagina. We are of the view
that the result of imposing on the appellant a global imprisonment term of 25
years would have been arrived at regardless of whether the trial judge’s
sentencing approach for the offences of sexual penetration was adopted or not.
We shall thus leave the issue of the appropriate sentencing approach for an
offence of sexual penetration, or of a specific type of sexual penetration, of
a minor under 14 years of age punishable under s 376A(3) of the Penal Code to
be decided on another occasion as and when necessary.

Conclusion

10 In conclusion, we find no basis to disturb the trial judge’s conviction of
the appellant of the two charges for rape of a minor under 14 years of age and
five charges for sexual penetration of a minor under 14 years of age and his
appeal against conviction is dismissed. We also find no basis to disturb the
trial judge’s decision to sentence the appellant to a global imprisonment term
of 25 years.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Peter Keith Fernando, Kavita Pandey and Renuga Devi (Leo Fernando LLC) for the
appellant;  
David Khoo and Winston Man (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

