Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 28

Suit No 392 of 2016

Between

| Lim Seng Chye  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Pex International Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Formcraft Pte. Ltd.  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Tort] — [Vicarious liability]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Breach of duty]

[Tort] — [Nuisance] — [Private nuisance]

[Tort] — [Nuisance] — [Neighbouring properties]

[Tort] — [Rule in Rylands v Fletcher]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Construction torts] — [Contractor]
[Building and Construction Law] — [Construction torts] — [Negligence]
[Building and Construction Law] — [Construction torts] — [Nuisance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Seng Chye

  

v

  

Pex International Pte Ltd and another

[2019] SGHC 28

High Court — Suit No 392 of 2016  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi JC  
3–6, 10–11 July 2018; 3 September 2018

11 February 2019

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi JC:

1 This matter arises from a fire which occurred at an industrial property at
No. 15 Link Road (“No. 15”) on 30 April 2013. The Plaintiff in this suit is
the owner and occupier of No. 15. The issues in contention in the trial before
me centred on whether the 1st Defendant – who owns the neighbouring property
at No. 17 Link Road (“No. 17”) – bore any liability for the damage and loss
resulting from the fire. It was the Plaintiff’s case that the 1st Defendant
was liable in negligence 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

paras 14.15–19 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

and/or alternatively nuisance 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

para 22 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

, and/or alternatively, the rule in Rylands v Fletcher [1868] LR 3 HL 330
(“Rylands v Fletcher”) 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

para 21 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. At the close of the trial (which was a trial on liability alone), I
dismissed the Plaintiff’s claim in negligence but found the 1st Defendant
liable to him in nuisance and the rule in Rylands v Fletcher. As both the
Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant have appealed against my decision, I am
setting out my reasons in these written grounds.

The parties

2 At the material time, the Plaintiff operated a sole proprietorship under the
name “LTL Electrical Trading”, whose principal activities were described as
“Repair of domestic electrical/electronic appliances except audio and video
equipment (e.g. refrigerators, washing machines and room air-conditioners)” 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Tab A, exhibit LSC-1 of the Plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”).

. In addition to repairing domestic electrical appliances, the Plaintiff also
did business in the export of second-hand electronic and other household items
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

para 4 of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

. He acquired No. 15 Link Road in 2007 and had since used the property as an
office and also a warehouse for the storage of such second-hand household
items, which included polyurethane mattresses, sofa sets, tables, chairs,
cupboards, television sets and loud speakers 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

para 10 of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

.

3 The 1st Defendant is a company engaged in (inter alia) the manufacturing and
supply of electrical appliances. It supplies these electrical appliances to
mechanical and electrical sub-contractors. The 1st Defendant’s premises at No.
17 Link Road adjoin No. 15. The 1st Defendant moved into No. 17 in September
2010. At the material time, it was using the premises as a warehouse for the
storage of metal conduits and metal fittings 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

paras 4–6 of Molly Chan Ai Teow (“Molly”)’s AEIC.

.

4 In February 2013, the 1st Defendant had engaged the 2nd Defendant to carry
out addition and alteration (“A&A”) works at the rear of No. 17 Link Road
which included the construction of an extension to the rear. Prior to being
engaged for these A&A works, the 2nd Defendant had been engaged by the 1st
Defendant on two other occasions – in May 2012 and August 2012 – for two other
jobs at No. 17 Link Road 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

paras 11–18 of Molly’s AEIC.

. At the material time, the 2nd Defendant was a licensed builder in possession
of the requisite Certificate of Licence from the Building and Construction
Authority (“BCA”) 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

pp 28–29 of Molly’s AEIC.

.

5 In the course of these proceedings, interlocutory judgment was entered by
the Plaintiff against the 2nd Defendant on 3 May 2016.

The works at No. 17 Link Road

6 The scope of the A&A works in question is set out in the 2nd Defendant’s
quotation dated 25 February 2013 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

pp 38–39 of Molly’s AEIC.

. In all, the 1st Defendant contracted to pay the 2nd Defendant a total sum of
$88,150.50 for works which included “Steel Structural Works”, “Metal Roofing”
and a “Brickwall with plastering up to 2m high; from 2m onwards install one
side trimdek & one side 1-hr fire-rated partition to 6m high”. The last item
appears to refer to the construction of a brick wall to separate No. 17 Link
Road from No. 15. Until then, the backyards and the perimeter of No. 17 and
No. 15 had been separated only by chain link fences, over which the Plaintiff
had placed corrugated metal sheets 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

para 26 of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

.

7 The 2nd Defendant’s quotation of $88,150.50 included an item for $16,000,
which was described as “Preliminaries & Insurance, including hoarding &
protection”. The “Terms and Conditions” set out at the bottom of the second
page of this quotation stated that the 2nd Defendant was “Excluding Lightning
Certificate, Licensed Plumber, PE Endorsement and other Gov’t submissions”.
The 1st Defendant accepted the quotation and paid the 2nd Defendant a 30% down
payment of $28,296.15 on 15 April 2013 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

pp 40–41 of Molly’s AEIC.

.

8 In addition to engaging the 2nd Defendant to carry out the A&A works, the
1st Defendant also engaged a firm named ETS Design & Associates (“ETS”) as the
consultant for the said works. According to the 1st Defendant, it had engaged
ETS at the behest of the 2nd Defendant, who had explained that it needed the
help of a consultant to “make all the necessary submissions to the various
authorities and to apply for all the necessary permits and approvals” 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

para 12.4 of the Defence (Amendment No. 2).

. ETS was “highly recommended” to the 1st Defendant by the 2nd Defendant.

9 ETS quoted the 1st Defendant a total fee of $16,000 on 25 September 2012 for
its “professional services” which included making all the necessary
submissions to the relevant government authorities in respect of the said
works, applying for the permit to commence work, applying for the Temporary
Occupation Permit and the Certificate of Statutory Completion, and issuing the
Certificates of Supervision 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

pp 30–31 of Molly’s AEIC.

. The quotation stated that ETS was to engage the services of “Qualified
Person (QP), PE[ ](Civil) & Registered inspectors”. It excluded, inter alia,
“Clerk-of-works supervision fees” and “Accredited Checker’s fee”. The total
fee of $16,000 was to be paid in stages, with a 30% down payment upon
confirmation of ETS’s appointment and then further sums contingent on the
making of various submissions to the various government authorities.

10 The 1st Defendant accepted ETS’s quotation, and by 20 February 2013, had
paid ETS a total of $12,000 comprising a down payment of $4,800 on 26
September 2012, a sum of $2,400 on 7 January 2013, and a sum of $4,800 on 20
February 2013 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

para 25 of Molly’s AEIC.

. The sum of $2,400 was invoiced by ETS on 4 December 2012 following the
submission made to the Jurong Town Corporation (“JTC”) 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

p 33 of Molly’s AEIC.

. It is not disputed that JTC issued its letter of consent on 31 December 2012
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

pp 89–90 of Volume 1 of the Agreed Bundle of Documents (“1ABD”).

. The second sum of $4,800 consisted of a sum of $2,400 invoiced by ETS on 2
January 2013 upon the submission of the JTC-endorsed plan to the Urban
Redevelopment Authority (“URA”), and another sum of $2,400 invoiced by ETS on
6 February 2013 upon the submission of structural plans to the BCA 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

pp 35–36 of Molly’s AEIC.

. It is not disputed that URA issued its grant of planning permission on 6
February 2013 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

pp 91–93 of 1ABD.

.

11 It is not disputed that at the time of the fire on 30 April 2013, ETS had
yet to submit the structural plans to the BCA for the latter’s approval,
despite its invoice of 6 February 2013 having required payment from the 1st
Defendant of $2,400 “[u]pon submission of Structural plan to BCA for
Structural plan approval” 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

p 36 of Molly’s AEIC.

. It is also not disputed that as at 30 April 2013, no fire safety plan had
yet been submitted to the Singapore Civil Defence Force (“SCDF”) for approval,
nor had any permit to commence work been applied for.

The SCDF investigation and the subsequent prosecution

12 The SCDF, which investigated the fire, concluded that it had been caused by
sparks from hot works being carried out at the backyard of the neighbouring
property at No. 17 Link Road 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

para 9 of the SCDF Investigation Report at p 112 of 1ABD.

. These sparks formed the ignition source. The mattresses, bed frames,
furniture and other items stored by the Plaintiff at the backyard of No. 15
provided the ignition fuel.

13 On 23 April 2014, the 1st Defendant pleaded guilty to an amended charge
tendered by the SCDF under section 23(1) of the Fire Safety Act (Chapter
109A), of authorising the carrying out of fire safety works involving the
erection of roof cover and wall partitions at the back of No. 17 Link Road
without having obtained approval of plans for these fire safety works 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

pp 149–150 of 1ABD.

. A fine of $5,000 was imposed 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

pp 147–148 of 1ABD.

.

The Plaintiff’s claim

14 At the time of the fire, the premises at No. 15 were insured pursuant to a
Fire Policy issued by United Overseas Insurance Limited (“UOI”), while the
Plaintiff’s goods were insured against accidental physical loss caused
directly by fire or lightning, pursuant to a Fire-Commercial Policy issued by
AXA Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd (“AXA”) 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

paras 4–5 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. The Plaintiff brought the present suit pursuant to UOI’s and AXA’s rights of
subrogation under the relevant clauses in the insurance policies, and also in
respect of alleged uninsured losses 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

para 6 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. The latter concerned in particular a claim for damages in respect of
personal injuries allegedly suffered by the Plaintiff in the form of post-
traumatic stress disorder (“PTSD”) and panic disorder 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

paras 25–30 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

.

15 The Plaintiff’s present action against the 1st Defendant was said to be
based in negligence 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

paras 14.15–19 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

, nuisance 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

para 22 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

, and the rule in Rylands v Fletcher 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

para 21 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. Whilst the statement of claim also contained numerous references to the 1st
Defendant’s alleged “breach of duty under section 14A” of the Workplace Safety
and Health Act (Chapter 354A) (“WSHA”) 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

paras 14.15 and 18 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

, the pleadings taken as a whole as well as the approach taken by the
Plaintiff’s counsel indicated that the Plaintiff was not invoking the separate
tort of breach of statutory duty but rather, relying on the alleged breaches
of the WSHA as one of his grounds for contending that the 1st Defendant was
liable in negligence.

16 In his statement of claim, the Plaintiff also invoked the doctrine of res
ipsa loquitur 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

para 23 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

.

The 1st Defendant’s defence

17 The 1st Defendant, in denying any liability to the Plaintiff, asserted that
it had engaged ETS to make submissions to the relevant government authorities
for the necessary approvals and clearance in respect of the A&A works, and
that it had also engaged the 2nd Defendant as an independent contractor to
carry out the said works in accordance with ETS’s submissions. It had
exercised reasonable care in the selection of the 2nd Defendant as its
independent contractor for the A&A works 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

para 12 of the Defence (Amendment No. 2).

. Having appointed ETS and the 2nd Defendant, the 1st Defendant had relied on
their expertise and professionalism to ensure that the works were carried out
lawfully and in accordance with a proper system of work that would not cause
any nuisance or damage to neighbours including the Plaintiff 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

paras 4–5 of the Defence (Amendment No. 2).

. In particular, the 1st Defendant had been unaware of the 2nd Defendant’s
work schedule, and neither the 2nd Defendant nor ETS had told the 1st
Defendant anything about obtaining a licence to carry out hot works 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

paras 16 and 20 of the Defence (Amendment No. 2).

.

18 The 1st Defendant denied the applicability of the doctrine of res ipsa
loquitur. It further alleged that the Plaintiff had contributed to his alleged
damage and loss by his own negligence in storing “a high quantity of flammable
items in the backyard of No. 15 including a large quantity of polyurethane
mattresses” 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

para 23 of the Defence (Amendment No. 2).

.

The evidence

19 I will set out a summary of the key factual findings in this case before
dealing with the question of whether the 1st Defendant may be held liable to
the Plaintiff in negligence, nuisance and/or the rule in Rylands v Fletcher.

How the 1st Defendant came to engage the 2nd Defendant

20 The 1st Defendant’s General Manager is Molly Chan Ai Teow (“Molly”). She is
the sister of the 1st Defendant’s Chief Executive Officer, Ross Tan Joo Kim
(“Ross”). Molly testified that the 1st Defendant first came to know of the 2nd
Defendant through one Madam Poh Hui Choo (“Mdm Poh”), the owner of No. 25 Link
Road. Mdm Poh’s company, Golden Champ Pte Ltd (“Golden Champ”) had previously
been a neighbour of the 1st Defendant’s in Pasir Panjang Road, before both
companies shifted premises to Link Road. Having visited No. 25, Molly and Ross
were very impressed by the renovations which had been done to the property 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

paras 7–8 of Molly’s AEIC.

. They asked Mdm Poh about the contractor who had carried out these
renovations and were told by the latter that she was very happy with the
contractor and had no hesitation in recommending him 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

para 9 of Molly’s AEIC.

. Sometime in April 2012, Mdm Poh brought her contractor to No. 17 so that the
1st Defendant could meet him 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

para 10 of Molly’s AEIC.

. This was Chong Nyuk Kwong (“Chong NK”), the director of the 2nd Defendant.

21 Prior to the A&A works at the rear of No. 17 Link Road, the 1st Defendant
engaged the 2nd Defendant’s services for two other jobs at No. 17. The first,
in May 2012, involved the installation of a “skylight canopy”, skylight
windows and ventilation globes, as well as minor repair works. Molly and Ross
were very impressed with the quality of the 2nd Defendant’s work on this job.
They paid the 2nd Defendant a total of $21,496.30 for the job 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

paras 11–14 of Molly’s AEIC.

. The second job, in August 2012, involved the replacement of an office
window, the installation of signage, and the tearing down of the existing
structures at the rear of No. 17. Again, Molly and Ross were satisfied with
the quality of the 2nd Defendant’s work. They paid the 2nd Defendant $7,008.50
for the second job. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

paras 16–18 of Molly’s AEIC.

22 Having engaged the 2nd Defendant to tear down the existing structures at
the rear of No. 17, Molly and Ross decided to construct an extension to the
rear (which would include the erection of a roof cover and wall partitions) in
place of these existing structures. They contacted Chong NK in August 2012 to
tell him of their plans to build an extension to the rear of No. 17 (similar
to the works he had done at the rear of No. 25), and asked him for a cost
quotation. According to Molly, Chong NK assured them that the 2nd Defendant
had the expertise for the job. On their asking, he also assured them that the
similar works at No. 25 had been “eventually approved by JTC”. He stated that
JTC approval would have to be similarly sought for the works at No. 17 and
that he would give his quotation after calculating the cost of obtaining “the
necessary approvals” 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

paras 20–21 of Molly’s AEIC.

. As mentioned earlier (at [6]–[7] above), the 2nd Defendant eventually gave
the 1st Defendant a quotation dated 25 February 2013 for the proposed A&A
works to the rear of No. 17. This quotation for a total sum of $88,150.50 was
accepted by the 1st Defendant who paid a 30% down payment of $28,296.15 on 15
April 2013.

23 I accepted Molly’s testimony that the 1st Defendant’s decision to engage
the 2nd Defendant for the A&A works at the rear of No. 17 Link Road was based
primarily on the recommendation of Mdm Poh, the visual inspections by Molly
and Ross of the similar works done at No. 25, and their satisfaction with the
2nd Defendant’s performance in the two jobs carried out at No. 17 prior to the
A&A works. Molly struck me as an honest – indeed, guileless – witness not
given to embellishment or exaggeration. In particular, she was frank in
conceding that prior to the fire on 30 April 2013, she had not done any
searches to check if the 2nd Defendant was a BCA-registered contractor 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

See transcript of 10 July 2018, p 33 line 4 to p 34 line 29.

.

24 In this connection, I would add that although Ross claimed in cross-
examination that he had asked Molly to check that the 2nd Defendant was a “BCA
registered contractor” and that she had informed him that the 2nd Defendant
was a licensed contractor 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

See transcript of 11 July 2018, p 15 line 23 to p 16 line 32.

, I did not give any weight to this claim. Not only was it not mentioned in
his AEIC, it was in any event contradicted by Molly’s own testimony.

25 As stated earlier (at [4] above), it is not disputed that at the material
time, the 2nd Defendant was a BCA-licensed contractor. As at the date of the
fire on 30 April 2013, it held a Certificate of Licence issued by the BCA for
the period 30 June 2012 to 30 June 2015 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

See p 29 of Molly’s AEIC.

.

How the 1st Defendant came to engage ETS

26 As for how the 1st Defendant came to engage ETS, there were varying
accounts. As mentioned earlier (at [7] above), the 2nd Defendant’s quotation
of 25 February 2013 purported to exclude “Lightning Certificate, Licensed
Plumber, PE Endorsement and other Gov’t submissions”. Molly testified that it
was the 2nd Defendant’s Chong NK who recommended ETS to the 1st Defendant
after telling Molly that the 2nd Defendant would need a consultant to help
make the submissions to government authorities for all the necessary permits
and approvals 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

para 23 of Molly’s AEIC.

. Molly testified that prior to accepting ETS’s quotation of 25 September
2012, she had met with ETS’s representative Francis Toh Khim Eak (“Francis”)
and had introduced him to Ross 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

See transcript of 10 July 2018, p 53 line 14 to p 58 line 11.

. She recalled Chong NK being present at the discussion. Francis explained to
Molly and Ross that ETS would make the “submission to relevant authorities” 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

See transcript of 10 July 2018, p 57 lines 15–16.

. She subsequently received from Francis the ETS quotation dated 25 September
2012 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

pp 30–31 of Molly’s AEIC.

. She was not very clear as to what some of the terms in the quotation –
“CBPU”, “FSB”, “CSC”, and so on – were, but was generally aware from reading
the quotation that applications for various official approvals would have to
be made, including an application for a permit to commence work. She was also
aware that the quotation excluded certain items such as “Clerk-of-works
supervision fees” and “Accredited checker’s fee”. Neither she nor Ross asked
Francis if they would have to take any follow-up action on the excluded items
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See transcript of 10 July 2018, p 60 line 2 to p 64 line 15.

. She accepted the quotation and paid the 30% down payment to ETS on 26
September 2012.

27 Chong NK denied that he was the one who had introduced ETS to Molly.
Instead, he said he had introduced to her a “consultant” named “TK Tan”. He
claimed not to know anything about ETS or ETS’s representative, Francis 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

See transcript of 5 July 2018, p 27 line 6 to p 28 line 28.

. He claimed not to know “TK Tan”’s full name or the name of his company or
whether “TK Tan” was eventually engaged as consultant by the 1st Defendant.

28 Francis Toh Khim Eak is a design consultant at ETS. He testified that he
was approached about the A&A works at No. 17 Link Road by an individual named
“Tan Tuah Kiat” whom he also addressed as “TK”. “TK” asked Francis whether, in
respect of the A&A works at No. 17, ETS could do the submissions to government
authorities. Francis agreed. ETS’s role in respect of the A&A works was
therefore to draft the plans for the submission and also to engage a Qualified
Person (“QP”) who would undertake the actual submission of these plans.
Neither Francis nor “TK” was a QP. The QP engaged by ETS for this purpose was
one Chong Seng Lai (“Chong SL”). Francis recalled that he had met with Molly
to discuss with her the scope of the works to be carried out at the rear of
No. 17 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018, p 29 line 15 to p 37 line 13.

.

29 Francis also testified that he had, in the course of doing up the plans for
submission, met with the “boss of Formcraft [the 2nd Defendant]” 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018, p 37 line 14 to p 38 line 16.

. This would appear to have been Chong NK. According to Francis, “TK” was the
one who already knew the “boss of Formcraft” and who had introduced Francis to
him. This meeting between the three of them took place at the 2nd Defendant’s
office 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018, p 39 line 2 to p 41 line 19.

. TK was then helping Francis to prepare the structural drawings and to do the
“structural calculation[s]” for the works, as TK was a “design engineer”
whereas ETS did not have any engineer who could do the structural drawings. At
the meeting at the 2nd Defendant’s office, the “boss of Formcraft” explained
to Francis and “TK” where the extension to the rear of No. 17 was to be built
and “which part of the wall to be demolished” 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

It should be noted that the Plaintiff’s counsel was in error when he informed
Molly during cross-examination that Francis had testified that he “did not
know who Formcraft were” (see transcript of 10 July 2018 at p 53 lines 26–32).

. Nobody from the 1st Defendant was present at this meeting.

30 Francis also testified that he recalled having two or three meetings “with
the owner and with the contractor” at No. 17 over a period of about one month
prior to issuing the quotation of 25 September 2012 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 42 line 27 to p 43 line 14.

. After the quotation was accepted, he did not have further discussions with
Molly apart from collecting the progressive payments from her 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 59 line 15 to p 60 line 11.

.

31 I accepted Francis’s evidence as to how ETS came to be engaged by the 1st
Defendant: in other words, that ETS had been approached by “TK”, who already
knew Chong NK beforehand, and that Francis had in his capacity as ETS’s
representative then met with Molly. Again, like Molly, he appeared to me to be
an honest witness who did not try to avoid giving evidence which reflected
unfavourably on his own firm (for example, the reason for the delay in the
submission of structural plans to the BCA, which I will come to later). This
did not mean that Molly was lying when she denied having met one “TK” or when
she asserted that ETS had been recommended by Chong NK. Whilst Chong NK
claimed that he had introduced “TK” to Molly, he was completely unable to
recall how he had made this introduction – whether he had, for example, simply
given Molly “a telephone number” or whether he had made the introduction in
person 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

See transcript of 5 July 2018 at p 50 lines 8 to 12.

. Although Francis recalled having been approached by “TK” about the job at
No. 17, he did not give any evidence of any meeting he had with Molly at which
“TK” was also present. “TK” himself was never called as a witness by either
party. It was entirely plausible, therefore, that ETS came to know of the job
at No. 17 through “TK” but that Molly never met “TK”.

32 Having reviewed the evidence given by Molly, Chong NK and Francis, I came
to the following conclusions. Firstly, the 1st Defendant clearly did pay heed
to Chong NK’s request for a consultant to assist in making the submissions for
government approvals; and by the time the 2nd Defendant’s quotation of 25
February 2013 was accepted, ETS was already in place as the consultant
responsible for making the submissions – and had in fact made several of the
submissions.

33 Secondly, given Francis’s evidence about having met “with the owner and
with the contractor” two to three times at No. 17 prior to giving Molly his
quotation, I found that there was reasonable basis for Molly – and thus the
1st Defendant – to believe that the 2nd Defendant and ETS would be liaising
and communicating with each other in relation to the commencement and
execution of the A&A works at No. 17.

34 Thirdly, it was in fact true that the 2nd Defendant and ETS had
communicated with each other in relation to the A&A works. Whilst Francis
could not remember Chong NK’s name, I did not find this surprising given the
lapse of time. In any event, there was no suggestion by anyone – least of all
Chong NK himself – that the 2nd Defendant had some other “boss” besides Chong
NK. Francis’s testimony – again unchallenged – was that after his first
meeting with the “boss of Formcraft [i.e. the 2nd Defendant]” and after the
issuance of ETS’s quotation, he visited the Formcraft office again to provide
the “boss” with a “draft copy” of the plans for the works at No. 17 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 49 line 15 to p 51 line 3.

. Francis explained that although at that point there were no structural
drawings yet and therefore no detailed plans, he had given a draft to the
“boss of Formcraft” to show him the extension works to be carried out at the
rear of No. 17. Subsequent to providing the “boss of Formcraft” with the draft
plans, Francis met him again at No. 17 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 48 lines 18–29.

; and this time, he observed that the “boss of Formcraft” had started
“preparing the site” for the A&A works by putting up hoarding and trying to
“clear the back” 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 48 lines 26–29; p 51 lines 27–31.

. At this point, Francis thought that the “boss of Formcraft” “want[ed] to
commence work”, and he therefore spoke to the latter to say: “You cannot do
work until I got the structure approved and … obtain the permit to commence
work from BCA.” [emphasis added] 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 51 lines 18–21; p 48 lines 18–22.

According to Francis, the “boss of Formcraft” had responded to his reminder by
stating that he was not starting work yet 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 52 lines 1–3.

. In all, Francis met with the “boss of Formcraft” three times prior to
starting work on the architectural drawings 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 58 lines 1–6.

. He did not contact the “boss of Formcraft” after their third meeting because
as far as he was concerned, he had already told the latter he was “supposed
not to … start work”. Francis also did not think it necessary to tell Molly
not to let her contractor start work on the site yet since he had already told
the contractor not to do so 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 59 line 21 to p 60 line 11.

.

35 The above evidence from Francis also explained why Chong NK was so quick to
disavow any knowledge of ETS or of Francis himself. It was apparent to me that
Chong NK had persisted with commencing the A&A works despite Francis’s express
instructions not to do so until structural approval and the permit to commence
work had been given by the BCA. It was also apparent that having flouted the
consultant’s instructions, Chong NK was desperate to distance himself from the
said works, to the extent that he even claimed – absurdly – that he had “no
plans, no consultant, no instructions” in relation to the A&A works 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

See transcript of 5 July 2018 at p 45 lines 22–27.

.

Why no permit to commence work was obtained

36 Francis’s testimony also explained why no permit to commence work had been
obtained as at 30 April 2013. According to Francis, for “straightforward”
cases, it would usually have taken 3 months from the grant of planning
permission by JTC for the permit to commence work to be obtained from the BCA
66

##### Foot Note 66

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 53 line 16 to p 54 line 12.

. Prior to the application for the permit to commence work being made, the
structural plans and calculations would have to be checked by an Accredited
Checker (“AC”). It will be recalled that ETS’s quotation of 25 September 2012
had excluded the cost of an AC, whose fee was estimated at an additional
$3,000 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

p 31 of Molly’s AEIC.

. In the present case, an AC was appointed by ETS on the recommendation of
“TK” after “TK” reverted to ETS with the structural plans. Unfortunately, “TK”
took a long time in reverting to ETS with the structural plans, and the AC
recommended by him also took a long time to complete the checking of the plans
and calculations. ETS apparently did not chase the AC because it was “a very
busy period” 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 55 lines 2–32.

. By the time the AC did revert to ETS, the fire had already occurred, and
Francis did not bother to arrange for the structural plans to be submitted to
the BCA 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 75 line 16 to p 76 line 14.

. This would also account for why the QP appointed by ETS – Chong SL –
testified that he had no records of having submitted the structural plans for
the A&A works to the BCA for approval 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

See transcript of 4 July 2018 at p 20 line 26 to p 21 line 13.

.

The cause of the fire

37 As noted earlier (at [12] above), the SCDF concluded after its
investigations that the fire was caused by sparks from the hot works being
carried out at the backyard of No. 17 Link Road. These sparks were fanned by
strong winds and ignited flammable materials such as mattresses and furniture
lying in the neighbouring backyard of No. 15.

38 According to the SCDF investigation report 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

pp 105–135 of 1ABD.

, arc welding equipment was found at the backyard of No. 17 in the aftermath
of the fire, and a rebar welded to a steel column was also found at the
perimeter wall between No. 15 and No. 17 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

para 7(a) of the SCDF Investigation Report at p 108 of 1ABD.

. The SCDF report detailed an interview with one Arockiam Savarimuthu, a
construction worker employed by the 2nd Defendant 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

para 7(e)(4) of the SCDF Investigation Report at pp 110–111 of 1ABD.

. This worker informed the SCDF that on the morning of the fire, he had been
performing hot works at the backyard of No. 17 which involved his using tack
welding to join a rebar to a steel column to support the brick wall which had
been built to separate No. 17 and No. 15. He had noted strong winds at the
material time. Sometime after performing the tack welding and going for a
break, he noticed fire in the backyard of No. 15, directly below the position
from which he had been performing the tack welding. His efforts to put out the
fire with a fire extinguisher were unsuccessful.

39 The findings and conclusions of the SCDF investigation report were not
challenged by either the Plaintiff or the 1st Defendant. Both Molly and Ross
said that they had not been aware of the 2nd Defendant’s work schedule and had
not asked for a copy of its work schedule. Molly was aware that part of the
A&A works included the construction of a wall between the backyards of No. 17
and No. 15 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

See transcript of 10 July 2018 at p 101 line 30 to p 102 line 16.

, but the 2nd Defendant had not said anything to her or to Ross about
obtaining a licence to carry out any hot works 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

para 31 of Molly’s AEIC.

. They did not give the 2nd Defendant instructions as to when it should
commence the A&A works because as laymen, they had trusted the 2nd Defendant –
as the independent contractor – to take the necessary precautions and to
conduct any necessary risk assessments prior to commencing work 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

para 33–34 of Molly’s AEIC; para 14 of Ross’ AEIC.

.

40 Not surprisingly, Chong NK alleged that he was ignorant of any hot works
being carried out at the perimeter wall between No. 15 and No. 17, and that
his workers did not do welding work in any event 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

See transcript of 4 July 2018 at p 59 line 26 to p 60 line 16.

. When he was referred to the SCDF report showing photographs of the arc
welding equipment found at the scene of the fire, and asked whether the
equipment belonged to the 2nd Defendant, he protested he could not see the
equipment from the photographs (although everyone else in court could), that
he did not know, and that it had been “such a long time” 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

See transcript of 4 July 2018 at p 60 lines 11–16.

.

41 I rejected Chong NK’s allegations as a pack of lies designed to evade
responsibility for the fire. In my view, Chong NK was an inveterate liar who
claimed – incredibly – not to remember anything substantive about the A&A
works at No. 17 despite it having been the first and only time he had
encountered a fire in all his years as a contractor. Thus, for example, he
claimed not to remember whether he had put up hoarding at the site 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

See transcript of 4 July 2018 at p 56 line 27 to p 59 line 2.

, but this was refuted by both Francis 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 48 line 28 to p 49 line 5.

and the Plaintiff 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

para 30 of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

who testified that he had done so. As another example, he claimed not to
remember visiting No. 15 Link Road in the course of the A&A works 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

See transcript of 5 July 2018 at p 1 line 25 to p 3 line 1.

– but again this was refuted by both Molly 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

See transcript of 10 July 2018 at p 102 line 17 to p 103 line 31.

and the Plaintiff 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

para 27 of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

who testified that he had done so in Molly’s company some weeks before the
fire.

42 It should be added that although in his AEIC, the Plaintiff had alleged
that it was “the 1st Defendant’s representative” (presumably Molly) who had
spoken to him during this visit and that she had informed him that the 1st
Defendant “would take the necessary precautions” to ensure that the A&A works
did not affect the goods stored at No. 15 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

para 33 of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

, in cross-examination he conceded that he could not actually remember any
such conversation, nor could he remember whether it was Molly or Chong NK who
had spoken to him during the visit 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

See transcript of 3 July 2018 at p 12 line 26 to p 13 line 9.

. He did remember, however, being asked to shift his goods “slightly” away
from the fence then separating the backyards of No. 15 and No. 17 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

para 31 to para 32 of the Plaintiff’s AEIC; also see transcript of 3 July 2018
at p 13 lines 17–19.

. It was also clear from his evidence that the reason given to him for the
need to shift his goods was so that the 2nd Defendant could “build and align
the wall separating [the two] backyards” 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

para 31 of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

; there was no mention of hot works or welding being done at the perimeter
wall.

43 It should also be added that quite apart from his having commenced works
without the requisite permit and despite reminders from the consultant not to
do so, it was plain that Chong NK failed to supervise the workers he placed at
No. 17 or to ensure adequate supervision. Whilst he asserted that his
quotation included “site management costs” in the form of a “site foreman” who
“goes to the worksite in the morning, does inspection and arranges the work
for the workers”, and whilst he claimed that he himself had taken on the role
of such a site foreman, his response when asked if he had gone to No. 17 every
morning was: “I would go down at times” [emphasis added] 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

See transcript of 5 July 2018 at p 43 lines 1 to 8.

. At one point, he claimed that he had assigned a “technical controller” from
his company who “acts like a foreman” and “would check whether the workers
were working” – but he was unable to provide any particulars of this
individual beyond an uncertain first name 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

See transcript of 5 July 2018 at p 37 line 24 to p 38 line 13.

; and there was no evidence that anyone else had ever seen such an individual
onsite. Further, Chong NK admitted that there was “no fulltime supervisor at
the site”: indeed, when asked point-blank whether he had a supervisor
stationed at No. 17, his response – tellingly – was: “That would be me, and I
was running across a few different sites” [emphasis added] 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

See transcript of 5 July 2018 at p 44 lines 26–31.

. Realising no doubt the damning nature of this reply, he claimed that he had
actually taken steps to ensure adequate supervision at the No. 17 worksite by
assigning a “part-time” supervisor to the site – but when asked who this
supervisor was, he said he could not remember 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

See transcript of 5 July 2018 at p 46 lines 13–31.

. Having regard to the vague and shifty nature of his testimony, I did not
find his claims about having assigned a “technical controller” and/or a “part-
time” supervisor at all credible.

44 The lack of adequate supervision of the A&A works was significant because
whilst the Plaintiff’s expert and the 1st Defendant’s expert were divided on
various issues, they were broadly agreed that there should have been
supervision of the welding works. The evidence of the Defendant’s expert was
that once welding works commenced, there should have been “‘standing’
supervision” in the form of a “supervisor to supervise the welding works” and
a “safety supervisor during the welding works” 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

para 118 of the 1st Defendant’s expert’s report (exhibit AJA-1 of Anand Jude
Anthony’s AEIC) (“Mr Anand’s expert report”).

. The Plaintiff’s expert said he would not suggest that there should have been
standing supervision, but he too testified that there should have been “an ad
hoc presence on site” to monitor the work being done and to correct any unsafe
work practices 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 3 line 21 to p 4 line 12.

. Having regard to the statement given by the worker Arockiam Savarimuthu to
the SCDF (see [38] above, particularly the emphasis in bold italics), it
seemed clear to me that had a supervisor been present during the welding works
on 30 April 2013, he would have noted and put a stop to the welding being done
in the presence of strong winds and in close proximity to the mattresses and
other goods in the No. 15 backyard.

45 There was no doubt, therefore, that the 2nd Defendant was negligent in the
performance of the A&A works at No. 17, in that it had commenced these works
without the requisite permit and in defiance of the consultant’s express
instructions not to so, and had also failed to ensure adequate supervision of
these works – in particular, the welding works on 30 April 2013. There was
also no doubt as to the direct causal link between the 2nd Defendant’s
negligence and the conflagration which broke out at No. 15.

The issues in contention

46 From the above conclusions, the following issues arose for determination:

(a) Whether the 1st Defendant could be held vicariously liable for the 2nd
Defendant’s negligence;

(b) If not, and if the “independent contractor defence” applied, then whether
the 1st Defendant had exercised due care in selecting and appointing the 2nd
Defendant as their contractor;

(c) Further and/or in the alternative, whether the 1st Defendant was subject
to a non-delegable duty of care vis-à-vis the Plaintiff to ensure that the 2nd
Defendant carried out the A&A works with reasonable care;

(d) Further and/or in the alternative, whether the 1st Defendant could be held
liable for the Plaintiff’s damage and loss on the basis of the tort of
nuisance and/or the rule in Rylands v Fletcher.

Whether the 1st Defendant could be held vicariously liable for the 2nd
Defendant’s negligence:

The “independent contractor defence”

47 In addressing the question of whether the 1st Defendant could be held
vicariously liable for the 2nd Defendant’s negligence, I first considered
whether the 2nd Defendant was in this case an independent contractor. I
decided that it was. My reasons were as follows.

48 The law in this area is settled: as the Court of Appeal (“CA”) held in
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No. 2297 v Seasons Park Ltd [2005] 2
SLR(R) 613 (“Seasons Park”) (at [37]), “[t]he general principle is that an
employer is not vicariously liable for the negligence of an independent
contractor, his workmen or agents in the execution of his contract”. The CA
has affirmed this general principle in a number of other decision, including –
most recently – Ng Huat Seng and another v Munib Mohammad Madni and another
[2017] 2 SLR 1074 (“Ng Huat Seng (CA)”) 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Tab 18 of the 1st Defendant’s Bundle of Authorities (“DBOA”).

, where it stated (at [43]): “… the fact that the tortfeasor is an independent
contractor will generally be sufficient, in and of itself, to exclude the
application of the doctrine of vicarious liability”.

49 The reason for this “blanket exclusion of independent contractors” (Ng Huat
Seng and another v Munib Mohammad Madni and another [2016] 4 SLR 373 (“Ng Huat
Seng (HC)”) 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Tab 19 of the DBOA.

at [34]) was explained by the High Court in Ng Huat Seng (HC) (at [34] to
[38]) as follows:

34 … [T]here is generally no justification, either in policy or in principle,
for the imposition of vicarious liability for the acts of independent
contractors. In [Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v
Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2011] 3 SLR 540], Chan Sek Keong
CJ, delivering the judgment of the court, explained at [76] that two important
policy considerations underpinned the doctrine of vicarious liability, namely:
(a) effective compensation for the victim and (b) deterrence of future harm by
encouraging employers to take steps to reduce the incidence of accidents or
tortious behaviour by their employees through efficient organisation and
supervision. However, neither of these aims would be achieved through the
imposition of vicarious liability for the acts of independent contractors.

35 Independent contractors are hired in a variety of situations and engaged to
perform a variety of tasks and it is very often the case that the hirers are
individuals, rather than persons who are carrying on a business. Often, these
hirers do not possess the financial wherewithal to make good the losses
sustained by the torts of these contractors. Further, they are often in no
position to exert any meaningful control over the activities of independent
contractors since they are not part of their organisation. To make the hirers
vicariously liable for the acts of independent contractors would neither serve
the aim of victim compensation nor that of effective deterrence.

36 But even if it could be shown that the aims of victim compensation and
deterrence could be achieved through the imposition of vicarious liability on
these hirers, it would not be enough. As Chan CJ cautioned at [81] of
Skandinaviska, “[t]he courts are … neither welfare agencies nor workplace
safety regulators”. The fact that a person can easily bear a loss does not,
without more, justify the conclusion that the law ought to make him do so.
Tort law is still primarily a system of norms of personal responsibility and a
principled moral basis for the imposition of liability is required … This
moral basis can be found in the concept of “enterprise risk”, which Chan CJ
alluded to at [77] of Skandinaviska, where he wrote, “a person who employs
another to advance his own interests and thereby creates a risk of his
employee committing a tort should bear responsibility for any adverse
consequences resulting therefrom”.

37 The concept of an “enterprise risk” … is not just a unifying idea or grand
theme but the normative foundation for the doctrine of vicarious liability. As
Rix LJ put it in Viasystems (Tyneside) Ltd v Thermal Transfer (Northern) Ltd
[2006] 2 WLR 428 at [55], “those who set in motion and profit from the
activities of their employees should compensate those who are injured by such
activities even when performed negligently”. In short, where the incidence of
benefit falls, so, too, should the risk. Since employers, through engaging in
business, have put the risk of tortious acts arising out into the world, they
should be liable when the risk eventuates.

38 The point, for present purposes, is that the imposition of vicarious
liability for the acts of independent contractors can never be justified on
the basis of the theory of enterprise risk. By definition, an independent
contractor is one who is not part of the hirer’s organisation and is instead a
person who is “performing services as a person of business on his own account”
… The independent contractor carries on business for his own benefit, and
thus, any risks of harm arising from the independent contractor’s conduct (the
enterprise risk) should properly fall on the independent contractor alone …

[emphasis in original]

Whether the “independent contractor defence” applied in this case

50 In assessing whether the 2nd Defendant was an independent contractor of the
1st Defendant, I applied firstly the “control” test. To quote the learned
editors of Clerk & Lindsell on Torts (Michael Jones gen ed) (22nd Ed, 2018)
(“Clerk & Lindsell”) at para 6-03, the distinction between employees and
independent contractors has “[t]raditionally … [been] taken to lie in the
different amounts of control exercisable by the employer, particularly control
over the manner in which the work was to be done”. This was alluded to by the
CA in BNM (administratrix of the estate of B, deceased) on her own behalf and
on behalf of others v National University of Singapore and others and another
appeal [2014] 4 SLR 931 (“BNM”) 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Tab 7 DBOA.

, in which the CA had to consider, inter alia, whether the company engaged by
the National University of Singapore (“NUS”) to supply lifeguards for its
swimming pool was an independent contractor. In holding that it was, the CA
stated (at [24]):

… The distinction between the ability to tell a worker what to do and the
ability to tell him how to do it is significant: in [Mersey Docks and Harbour
Board v Coggins & Griffith (Liverpool) Limited [1947] AC 1], the court held
that the employment of the craneman was not transferred from the harbour
authority to the stevedores because although the stevedores could tell the
craneman what they wanted him to do, they had no authority to tell him how he
was to handle the crane in doing his work …

[emphasis in original]

51 Applying the “control” test to the present case, it was plain that the 1st
Defendant did not exercise any control at all over the manner in which the A&A
works were to be done. Chong NK himself conceded that he was the one who would
go to the worksite in the mornings to arrange the work for his workers and to
do inspections, and he also took on the supervision of their work; and
although, as noted earlier, he admitted that he split his time between a few
different worksites, there was no suggestion – even by Chong NK himself – that
in his absence, the 1st Defendant’s personnel would step in to supervise the
manner in which his workers carried out their work. Indeed, as noted at [43]
above, Chong NK’s claims about having assigned a “technical controller” and a
“part-time supervisor” to the No. 17 site – whilst not credible in themselves
– suggested that he was all too aware that supervision and thus control of the
manner in which his workers did the work at No. 17 lay firmly with the 2nd
Defendant and not with the 1st Defendant.

52 As the CA pointed out in BNM (at [28]–[29]), however, the control test “is
not the only test for determining whether a contractor is an independent
contractor, nor is it even necessarily the decisive factor. … [T]he
fundamental test to be applied is whether the contractor was performing
services as a person of business on his own account”. In this connection, the
CA quoted from the judgment of Cooke J in Market Investigations Ltd v Minister
of Social Security [1969] 2 QB 173, in which Cooke J had noted, inter alia:

… The most that can be said is that control will no doubt always have to be
considered, although it can no longer be regarded as the sole determining
factor; and that factors which may be of importance are such matters as
whether the man performing the services provides his own equipment, whether he
hires his own helpers, what degree of financial risk he takes, what degree of
responsibility for investment and management he has, and whether and how far
he has an opportunity of profiting from sound management in the performance of
his task. …

53 Applying the CA’s analytical approach in BNM (at [31]–[32]) to the present
facts, it was evident that the 2nd Defendant deployed its own workers,
undertook the financial risks of running its business, retained the profits to
be made from its business, and charged for goods and services tax (“GST”). As
to the deployment of workers, I have already referred to Chong NK’s evidence
about his going to the worksite in the mornings to arrange the work for his
workers. As to the retention of responsibility for financial risks as well as
the retention of profits, this could be seen in particular from the quotation
issued by the 2nd Defendant 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

pp 38–39 of Molly’s AEIC.

, which charged items such as the cost of insurance and GST to the 1st
Defendant, as well as from Chong NK’s testimony when he was questioned about
the quotation. Notably, in explaining the $16,000 item for “Preliminaries &
Insurance”, he stated that he had factored in the cost of “overheads from
[his] office” 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

See transcript of 5 July 2018 at p 42 lines 30–32.

in coming up with the figure. It was also clear from his evidence that the 2nd
Defendant decided how much of a discount to give the 1st Defendant 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

See transcript of 5 July 2018 at p 43 line 2.

. Finally, Chong NK’s testimony also confirmed that in respect of the A&A
works at No. 17, the 2nd Defendant had undertaken responsibility for taking
out its own insurance to “cover any accidents” at the worksite 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

See transcript of 4 July 2018 at p 69 line 13 to p 70 line 6.

– a factor which the CA found relevant in BNM (at [32]).

54 Having regard to the factors set out above, I had no doubt that in carrying
out the A&A works at No. 17, the 2nd Defendant was (as the 1st Defendant
alleged) an independent contractor. Applying the general principles espoused
by the CA in Seasons Park and Ng Huat Seng (CA), this meant that the 1st
Defendant could not be held vicariously liable for the 2nd Defendant’s
negligence in carrying out these works.

Whether the 1st Defendant had exercised due care in selecting and appointing
the 2nd Defendant as their contractor

55 However, given that the “independent contractor defence” applied, the 1st
Defendant did owe a duty of care to persons such as the Plaintiff, who might
be affected by the actions of the independent contractor, to exercise
reasonable care and skill in the selection of a suitable contractor (Ng Huat
Seng (HC) at [43]). This was the next issue I had to consider – whether the
1st Defendant exercised reasonable care in selecting the 2nd Defendant as its
contractor. I decided this issue in the 1st Defendant’s favour, for the
following reasons.

The applicable standard of care

56 As noted earlier, the 1st Defendant’s selection of the 2nd Defendant as its
contractor was based primarily on the recommendation of a neighbouring land-
owner at No. 25 Link Road (Mdm Poh) who had arranged for similar works on her
property, the visual inspections by Molly and Ross of the similar works done
at No. 25, and their satisfaction with the quality of the 2nd Defendant’s work
in the two jobs undertaken at No. 17 prior to the A&A works.

57 In considering whether the above sufficed as due care, the standard which I
had to apply was “that of a reasonable person in the circumstances of the
defendant” (Ng Huat Seng (CA) at [73]). In other words, I had to “have regard
to the particular circumstances of the present case, including the applicable
industry practices, and then ascertain, on this basis, what a reasonable
person in the [1st Defendant’s] position would have done” (Ng Huat Seng (CA)
at [73]).

58 As for industry practice, the CA in Ng Huat Seng (CA) has made it clear (at
[74]) that:

… Industry standards and common practice have long been viewed as important,
although not necessarily conclusive, factors in ascertaining the appropriate
standard of care … [W]hen receiving evidence of what is alleged to be a common
and approved practice so as to assess the standard of care appropriate in a
particular set of circumstances, the court should of course examine the
practice against considerations of logic and common sense. This is only
sensible since negligent conduct does not cease to be so simply on account of
repetition and normalisation. In assessing the standard of care to be met,
therefore, it would be just as unwise to accept a common industry practice
uncritically as it would be to simply ignore it.

The relevance of expert evidence to the court’s assessment

59 The Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant each called its own expert witness to
give evidence of industry standards and practice. The experts’ assistance
would have been relevant and useful on the question of what the 1st Defendant
could reasonably have been expected to do prior to appointing the 2nd
Defendant as contractor. Hong Cassley and others v GMP Securities Europe LLP
and another [2015] EWHC 722 (QB) is an example of how expert evidence may be
used in such cases. This case concerned a claim in negligence brought by the
family of the deceased Mr Cassley against his employers GMP Securities Europe
LLP (“GMP”) and another company called Sundance Resources Limited
(“Sundance”). Mr Cassley was on a chartered flight passing over a remote area
of the Republic of Congo when the aircraft he was in crashed into a hillside
and killed all the persons on board. Mr Cassley was then on a business trip
undertaken on behalf of GMP. The aircraft had been chartered from a Congolese
charter flight company (“Aero-Service”) by Sundance: Mr Cassley was on that
trip because GMP had been trying to win the instruction to act as Sundance’s
representative in the raising of finance for the latter’s mining project. The
court found that the accident occurred for a number of reasons mainly related
to failings on the part of Aero-Service, including the lack of any formal
safety procedures at Aero-Service, its lack of any facility for flight
planning and the absence of any aeronautical charts on board the aircraft.
Having also found that both GMP and Sundance owed non-delegable duties of care
to Mr Cassley, the court then considered what steps were reasonably required
to be taken by GMP and Sundance in the discharge of their respective duties of
care – whether, for example, GMP and/or Sundance should have engaged an
independent aviation consultant; and in this connection, the court had regard
to the evidence of the expert witnesses called by the parties.

Observations on the expert evidence provided in this case

60 Unfortunately, however, I found that the instructions provided to the
Plaintiff’s expert in the present case appeared to have confused and/or
conflated those issues which he was qualified to address as an expert witness
with legal and factual issues which were in contention between the parties and
meant for the court’s determination. In addition to being asked about “some of
the steps or considerations that [the 1st Defendant], as an occupier, ought to
have taken into account in the selection of [the 2nd Defendant] to carry out
the A&A works at No. 17”, the Plaintiff’s expert was also asked to give his
opinion, inter alia, on whether, “[o]n the facts of this case … [the 1st
Defendant] had discharged their responsibilities in the appointment of [the
2nd Defendant]”, and whether the 1st Defendant had acted “properly or
reasonably as occupiers in allowing [the 2nd Defendant] to carry out their
work, bearing in mind the need to obtain the various approvals and before the
necessary approvals were given” 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

para 2.2 at p 4 of the Plaintiff’s expert’s report (exhibit GW-2 of George
Wall’s AEIC) (“Mr Wall’s expert report”).

. With respect, it should have been clear to those instructing the Plaintiff’s
expert that answering these latter two questions would have required him to
take a position on contentious legal and factual issues which he was not
equipped to address.

61 This confusion as to the scope of his role as expert might explain why –
regrettably – the Plaintiff’s expert ended up making certain statements in his
expert report about the 1st Defendant’s “obligations” which were unsupported
by any evidence or authority and which seemed at times so broad as to be
unhelpful. Thus, for example, he stated that “[a]s an occupier of No. 17, [the
1st Defendant] having decided to carry out A&A works on their premises had a
broad range of responsibilities. This included ensuring that the A&A works are
only authorised and/or permitted after all necessary measures were taken to
ensure the works would be safely carried out to ensure it was safe and not
hazardous for its visitors or employees, while the A&A works was going on” 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

para 5.2 at p 13 of Mr Wall’s expert report.

. He did not cite the basis for this somewhat expansive statement of general
principle, and taken at face value, this appeared to be a statement that the
1st Defendant had a non-delegable duty to ensure that the A&A works at No. 17
were carried out safely – which was precisely one of the key legal issues in
contention.

62 The Plaintiff’s expert also put forward in his report what appeared to be
factual assumptions and/or factual conclusions, without explaining the basis
for those assumptions or conclusions. For example, he stated that “[g]iven
that [the 1st Defendant] is a supplier of materials to the construction
industry”, it would be “reasonable to assume that [the 1st Defendant] has a
certain level of familiarity with the construction industry and that [the 1st
Defendant] should not be considered a lay person” 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

para 5.3 at p 14 of Mr Wall’s expert report.

. In the first place, the only evidence in the report which could conceivably
lead to this conclusion was the reference to the blurb on the 1st Defendant’s
website regarding its “mission” – a website on which the information was, on
his own admission, “limited” 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

para 4.2 at pp 8–9 of Mr Wall’s expert report.

. He did not explain how the 1st Defendant’s business of supplying electrical
conduits would render it “reasonable to assume” a “certain level of
familiarity with the construction industry”. Nor, for that matter, did he
explain what that “certain level of familiarity” entailed, beyond the brief
statement in cross-examination that this would involve awareness “of the
general requirements and responsibilities within the construction industry”
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 7 line 28 to p 8 line 14.

. In the circumstances, I did not give any weight to his assertions about the
1st Defendant’s “familiarity with the construction industry”.

63 Given my observations on the evidence of the Plaintiff’s expert, I had
serious reservations about his views regarding the steps which the 1st
Defendant should reasonably have taken in selecting a contractor. Rather
confusingly, the steps he listed as being “expected” of the 1st Defendant did
not all appear to relate directly to the selection of contractors 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

para 5.5 at p 17 of Mr Wall’s expert report.

. Of the one item which did appear to relate directly to the selection of
contractors (“To go out to tender to a number of vendors, possibly three, to
ensure that their planned scope of work was adequate and that they were
obtaining a competitive price”), there was no explanation provided either in
the expert report or in cross-examination 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

See transcript of 6 July 2018 at p 8 line 22 to p 9 line 11.

as to why it should be reasonable to expect a company in the 1st Defendant’s
circumstances to “go out to tender to a number of vendors”. There was also no
explanation as to how a tender exercise would have revealed that the 2nd
Defendant’s “planned scope of work” was not “adequate” and thereby led to it
not being selected as contractor. As for ensuring “a competitive price”, I did
not see how this was in any way relevant to the issue of whether the 1st
Defendant had exercised reasonable care in the selection process.

64 Much was also made by the Plaintiff’s expert of the fact that the 1st
Defendant had obtained ISO 9001 certification. Indeed, he postulated that the
1st Defendant “should have carried out a more rigorous investigation of [the
2nd Defendant’s] experience and ability, especially in relation to whether
[the 2nd Defendant] was competent to carry out the planned A&A work” 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

para 5.5 at p 17 of Mr Wall’s expert report.

. Insofar as this statement appeared to suggest that a “more rigorous”
standard of care should apply to the 1st Defendant on account of its ISO 9001
certification, no evidence or authority was produced to demonstrate that
industry practice generally expected “more rigorous” standards of care from
ISO-certified property owners, as compared to owners lacking such
certification. In any event, the Plaintiff’s expert did not elaborate on why
he found the 1st Defendant’s reliance on recommendations from other owners and
on its own experience of earlier works by the 2nd Defendant to be unsound
practice 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

para 5.5 at pp 17 to 18 of Mr Wall’s expert report.

; nor did he clarify the precise steps which would have constituted a “more
rigorous” investigation.

65 The views of the Plaintiff’s expert were diametrically opposed to those of
the 1st Defendant’s expert. I would add as an aside that the report of the 1st
Defendant’s expert was not entirely free from some of the issues which tainted
the report of the Plaintiff’s expert – including, for example, being asked to
state his views on whether the 1st Defendant and the 2nd Defendant were
“liable for breach of [their respective] duties and obligations” 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

para 216 of Mr Anand’s expert report.

. On balance, however, I found certain portions of the testimony of the 1st
Defendant’s expert to be helpful, as his testimony appeared to me to comport
with logic and common sense.

My findings on the issue of negligent selection

66 The 1st Defendant’s expert testified that it was a “popular” industry
practice – and one which he himself as a project management consultant
recommended to clients – to seek the views of developers or owners who had
engaged contractors, to see a contractor’s completed works for themselves, and
to try out a contractor by giving him “a smaller piece of work” first 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

See transcript of 11 July 2018 at p 63 line 27 to p 64 line 20.

. This appeared to me to be logical and sensible. Indeed, in a case like the
present, where the neighbouring owner’s recommendations were based on works
similar to those which the property owner intended to procure, and where the
owner had the benefit of being able personally to inspect the works on the
neighbour’s property, it seemed to me all the more reasonable for an owner
engaged in selecting a contractor to have regard to the recommendations of a
neighbouring owner. Similarly, from the perspective of logic and common sense,
it appeared to me reasonable that such an owner should have regard to his own
experience of earlier construction jobs done by the contractor on his
property. Indeed, the 1st Defendant’s conduct in getting the 2nd Defendant to
do two smaller jobs on its property before accepting the quotation for the A&A
works seemed to me to be prudent and sensible.

67 I note that in cross-examination, the 1st Defendant’s expert was willing to
agree with the Plaintiff’s counsel that as part of its selection process, the
1st Defendant “should check … whether the contractor is a licensed builder”
113

##### Foot Note 113

×

See transcript of 11 July 2018 at p 65 line 26 to p 66 line 13.

. However, I did not find this concession to be of any assistance to the
Plaintiff’s case. The assumption implicit in counsel’s questions to the 1st
Defendant’s expert on this issue appeared to be that had the 1st Defendant
carried out the check as counsel suggested, it would have discovered that the
2nd Defendant was unsuitable and would not have selected the latter as its
contractor. With respect, this assumption was misconceived. To quote the High
Court’s judgment on a similar issue in Ng Huat Seng (HC) (at [45]):

… The issue is one of causation. In order for the appellants to make out their
case against the respondents on the ground of negligent selection liability,
it would not be enough to show that the respondents had been derelict in their
selection of a contractor; they must also show that the respondents’
dereliction of their duty of careful selection had caused them loss. In other
words, the appellants must show that the respondents would not have selected
[the contractor] if they had exercised reasonable care in the selection
process. …

[emphasis in original]

68 In Ng Huat Seng (HC), the High Court pointed out (at [47]) that “there was
no evidence” that the “further industry inquiries” suggested by the appellants
“would have made any difference”. Esthetix (the contractor in that case) was a
licensed builder; and no evidence had been led by the appellants to the effect
that Esthetix had a bad safety record, that it had acquired a reputation for
poor performance in the industry, or that there was otherwise anything
irregular which would have been turned up in an inquiry that would have made a
difference to the appointment. Shortly put (at [49]):

… [E]ven if the respondents had done whatever [the appellants’ counsel]
submitted they ought to have done (and assuming further that their failure to
do so constituted a breach of duty), there was no evidence that the
respondents would have chosen any differently or that they would have had any
reason to have chosen differently. Indeed, there was no evidence that the
respondents were considering alternative contractors besides Esthetix. Without
proof that the respondents would have made an alternative selection, the
appellants could not succeed in establishing that the respondents’ alleged
breach of duty led to their loss and their claim failed.

[emphasis in original]

69 In the present case, there was no dispute that the 2nd Defendant held the
requisite builder’s licence at all material times. No evidence was led by the
Plaintiff to show that the 2nd Defendant had a bad safety record, that it had
acquired a reputation for poor performance in the industry, or that there was
otherwise anything irregular which would have been turned up in the suggested
inquiry that would have made a difference to the appointment. Here, as in the
Ng Huat Seng case, even if the 1st Defendant had (as suggested by the
Plaintiff) checked on whether the 2nd Defendant was a licensed builder, and
even assuming that their failure to do so was a breach of duty, there was no
evidence that the 1st Defendant would have chosen differently or that it would
have had any reason to have chosen differently. Here, as in the Ng Huat Seng
case, there was no evidence that the 1st Defendant was considering alternative
contractors besides the 2nd Defendant. Without evidence that the 1st Defendant
would have made an alternative selection had it made the further inquiry
suggested, the Plaintiff could not succeed in proving that the 2nd Defendant’s
alleged breach of duty had led to its loss; and its claim of negligent
selection failed.

Whether the 1st Defendant was subject to a non-delegable duty of care vis-à-
vis the Plaintiff to ensure that the 2nd Defendant carried out the A&A works
with reasonable care

The Plaintiff’s allegations

70 In addition to pleading that the 1st Defendant was vicariously liable for
the negligence of the 2nd Defendant and negligent in the selection of its
contractor, the Plaintiff also pleaded a lengthy list of particulars of
negligence at paras 14.16–14.38 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2)
which assumed the existence of a multitude of positive duties on the 1st
Defendant’s part vis-à-vis the execution of the A&A works at No. 17. Inter
alia, these particulars assumed the existence of a positive duty on the 1st
Defendant’s part to “ascertain [and] ensure that the 2nd Defendant had
conducted a risk assessment in relation to the safety risks posed to the
Plaintiff[’s] person, goods and premises prior to the commencement of” the A&A
works (at para 14.16); a positive duty to “ensure that the 2nd Defendant
exercised due care and caution at all material times in the management,
control and/or carrying out of” the A&A works (at para 14.18); a positive duty
to “ensure that the 2nd Defendant put in place sufficient or any protection or
safety precautions and/or preventive measures before carrying out or
attempting to carry out” the A&A works (at para 14.22); a positive duty to
“ensure that the 2nd Defendant noticed in time or at all the proximity of the
Plaintiff[’s] goods and/or his premises (No. 15) before carrying out the” A&A
works (at para 14.24); a positive duty to ensure that the 2nd Defendant had
all the relevant government approvals in place prior to commencing the works
(at paras 14.31–14.33 and 14.35–14.38); and a positive duty to “ensure that
the 2nd Defendant had taken out the necessary insurance policy to cover any
losses and damages arising out of” the fire (at para 14.34).

71 With respect, it was somewhat confusing that in the Plaintiff’s closing
submissions, these particulars were dealt with individually without any real
attempt to identify a unifying legal principle to support the positive duties
they postulated 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

See for example paras 383–632 of the Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions.

. In addition, there was considerable reliance placed on the narration of
factual allegations, and, in particular, on the propositions put forward by
the Plaintiff’s expert. This was (with respect) not particularly illuminating
insofar as an assessment of viability of the Plaintiff’s cause of action was
concerned. In substance, the pleadings at paras 14.15–14.38 of the Statement
of Claim (Amendment No. 2) amounted to the assertion that vis-à-vis the
Plaintiff, the 1st Defendant bore a non-delegable duty to ensure that the 2nd
Defendant exercised reasonable care in the execution of the A&A works (or
specifically, the hot works). The appropriate approach therefore was to
consider whether the 1st Defendant bore such a non-delegable duty of care. I
note that from the 1st Defendant’s closing submissions, this appears to have
been how its counsel understood this aspect of the Plaintiff’s case 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

See for example para 35 of the 1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions.

.

72 For the following reasons, I decided there was no basis for finding that
the 1st Defendant bore a non-delegable duty vis-à-vis the Plaintiff to ensure
that the 2nd Defendant took reasonable care in the execution of the A&A works
at No. 17 (or specifically, the hot works). There was no basis, therefore, for
finding that the 1st Defendant was subject to the numerous positive duties
enumerated by the Plaintiff at paras 14.16–14.38 of the Statement of Claim
(Amendment No. 2).

General principles with regard to the imposition of non-delegable duties of
care

73 In Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 3322 v Tiong Aik
Construction Pte Ltd and another [2016] 4 SLR 521 (“Tiong Aik”) 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Tab 16 DBOA.

, the CA provided in its judgment a comprehensive survey of the general
principles governing this area of law. Of particular relevance were the
following passages (at [19]–[24]):

19 … [T]ortious liability is generally circumscribed by the “fundamental
fault-based principle in the law of torts that liability lies with the party
that has engaged in the tortious acts in question” … In this regard, Lord
Sumption JSC, in delivering the leading judgment in the United Kingdom Supreme
Court (“UKSC”) decision of Woodland v Swimming Teachers Association [2014] AC
537 (“Woodland”), held at [5]:

The law of negligence is generally fault-based. Generally speaking, a
defendant is personally liable only for doing negligently that which he does
at all, or for omissions which are in reality a negligent way of doing that
which he does at all. The law does not in the ordinary course impose personal
(as opposed to vicarious) liability for what others do or fail to do. This is
because … a common law duty of care

does not usually demand compliance with a specific obligation. It is only when
an act is undertaken by a party that a general duty arises to perform the act
with reasonable care.

…

In other words, in the context of the tort of negligence, a person is
generally only held liable for his own carelessness, and not for the
carelessness of others. The reason for this is that the nature of the duty
imposed by common law is merely to do what you are required to do with
reasonable care. One implication of this is that if the performance of a
particular task is delegated to another party, the party who was originally
responsible for the performance of that task … would, ordinarily, not be
subject to any tortious liability for the negligent performance of that task
(since he did not personally perform the task).

20 Vicarious liability stands, in a sense, as a derogation from this
principle, or as a “true exception” to this … It permits the imputation of
secondary tortious liability on an employer on the basis of its employee’s
primary tortious liability … The employer is liable not because of its own
negligence, but because of its employee’s negligence. The principles of
vicarious liability, however, do not extend to imposing liability on employers
for the negligence of their independent contractors. There is no basis in the
doctrine of vicarious liability for suing an employer in tort for the
negligence of its independent contractors …

21 A separate legal basis for such a cause of action may, however, exist in
the doctrine of non-delegable duties. The liability incurred upon a breach of
a non-delegable duty is not vicarious … Non-delegable duties are personal
duties, the delegation of which will not enable the duty-bearer to escape
tortious liability because the legal responsibility for the proper performance
of the duty resides, in law, in the duty-bearer …

22 From another perspective, it has been said that “the concept of personal
duty departs from the basic principles of liability and negligence by
substituting for the duty to take reasonable care a more stringent duty, a
duty to ensure that reasonable care is taken” … Separately, Lord Sumption JSC
described a non-delegable duty as a duty which “extends beyond being careful,
to procuring the careful performance of work delegated to others” …

23 It should be clarified that the concept of non-delegable duties does not
per se import a higher or absolute standard of care. Referring to non-
delegable duties, Gleeson CJ helpfully explained in Lepore at [26]:

… It also seems clear that the increased stringency to which he was referring
lay, not in the extent of the responsibility undertaken (reasonable care for
the safety of the pupils), but in the inability to discharge that
responsibility by delegating the task of providing care to a third party or
third parties.

…

24 From the above, it is clear that where a party is subject to non-delegable
duties, he will be held liable in tort if those duties are breached, even if
he had non-negligently delegated the performance of those duties to an
independent contractor, and it was the independent contractor who was
negligent. In this sense, non-delegable duties create an exception to the rule
that an employer cannot be liable for the negligence of its independent
contractors …

74 In Ng Huat Seng (CA), the CA reaffirmed the two-stage test expounded in
Tiong Aik for determining whether a non-delegable duty would arise on a given
set of facts, summarising the test as follows (at [82] and [84]):

82 … [A]t the first stage of this two-stage test, the claimant would have to
satisfy the threshold requirement that:

(a) either his case fell within one of the established or recognised
categories of non-delegable duties; or

(b) his case possessed all of the five defining features outlined by Lord
Sumption JSC in Woodland … namely:

(i) The claimant was a patient or a child, or, for some other reason, was
especially vulnerable or dependent on the protection of the defendant to avoid
the risk of injury. Prisoners and residents in care homes were also mentioned
in Woodland as likely examples in this regard.

(ii) There was an antecedent relationship between the claimant and the
defendant, independent of the negligent act or omission itself, which placed
the claimant in the defendant’s actual custody, charge or care, and from which
it was possible to impute to the defendant the assumption of a positive duty
to protect the claimant from harm, and not merely a duty to refrain from
conduct which would foreseeably harm or injure the claimant. In this regard,
Lord Sumption JSC noted in Woodland that it was characteristic of such
relationships that they involved an element of control by the defendant over
the claimant, which would vary in intensity in different situations, but would
“clearly [be] very substantial in the case of schoolchildren”…

(iii) The claimant had no control over how the defendant chose to perform the
obligations arising from the positive duty which it had assumed towards the
claimant, that is to say, whether personally or through employees or third
parties.

(iv) The defendant had delegated to a third party some function that was an
integral part of the positive duty which it had assumed towards the claimant;
and at the time of the tortious conduct, the third party was exercising, for
the purposes of the function thus delegated to him, the defendant’s custody,
charge or care of the claimant and the element of control that went with it.

(v) The third party had been negligent not in some collateral respect, but in
the performance of the very function assumed by the defendant and delegated by
the defendant to him.

…

84 [T]he second stage of the Tiong Aik framework … would be triggered only
upon the claimant satisfying the threshold requirement at the first stage. …
[A]t the second stage, the court would additionally take into account the
fairness and reasonableness of imposing a non-delegable duty of care on the
defendant in the particular circumstances of the case as well as the relevant
policy considerations in our local context …

[emphasis in original]

75 In Ng Huat Seng (CA), the CA also reiterated with emphasis its observation
in Tiong Aik (at [38]) that non-delegable duties “‘should remain exceptional’…
[T]he development of such duties should proceed ‘only “on the basis of a clear
analogy to a recognised class [of non-delegable duties] and then only for
compelling reasons of legal principle and policy”’ … This was because in many
instances, it would be unrealistic or even impossible for the duty-bearer to
fulfil the non-delegable duty in question, and this could lead to very
artificial outcomes.” [emphasis in original] (at [85]).

76 In addition, in considering the first of the two approaches to the first-
stage threshold requirement, whilst declining to come to a firm conclusion on
whether the doctrine of ultra-hazardous acts should be recognised as an
established category of non-delegable duties under Singapore law 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

The CA found it unnecessary to pronounce any firm conclusions on this issue
because in Ng Huat Seng (CA), even assuming the doctrine of ultra-hazardous
acts were recognised as part of Singapore law, the facts of that case could
not possibly come within its ambit (at [89]).

, the CA reviewed the “trenchant criticism” which had been levelled against
the doctrine (at [92]). Noting that “the doctrine of ultra-hazardous acts
imposes an extremely stringent duty on the duty bearer”, the CA cautioned that
“[f]or this reason, it should only be applied in very limited circumstances,
namely, where an activity poses a material risk of causing exceptionally
serious harm to others even if it is carried out with reasonable care. It is
the persistence of such a risk despite the exercise of reasonable care which
makes it fair, just and reasonable to hold the defendant liable for any
negligence in the performance of the activity even if the negligent conduct
was on the part of an independent contractor whom the defendant had engaged to
carry out the activity.” [emphasis in original] (at [96]). Expanding further
on this point, the CA held (at [108]):

… [The doctrine of ultra-hazardous acts], if it is recognised as part of our
law, should only be invoked in exceptional circumstances precisely because it
can potentially provide a claimant with an exceptionally far-reaching remedy:
a claimant whose case comes within the ambit of this doctrine is in a position
to make a principal answer for the negligent acts and/or omissions of another
even if the latter is an independent contractor. Indeed, it is the very nature
of the exceptional setting in which such a remedy can be availed of that makes
it appropriate to extend liability in that setting beyond the party who
actually performs the activity in question to the principal for whom that
activity is performed. Because that activity poses a material risk of causing
exceptionally serious harm to innocent parties, it is appropriate that the net
of liability be widened as far as it may reasonably be, so that a person who
suffers harm from that activity is unlikely to be left without a real remedy.

[emphasis in original]

Applying the general principles to the present case

77 It is instructive to examine how the CA applied the above reasoning to the
facts of the Ng Huat Seng case itself. In that case, the appellants and the
respondents owned neighbouring properties built along a slope, with the
appellants’ house being the lower property (its ground floor being two metres
below the appellants’ property). The appellants had engaged an independent
contractor (“Esthetix”) to demolish the existing house on its property and to
build another in its place. Whilst demolition works were being carried out by
Esthetix on the respondents’ property, falling debris damaged the appellants’
property. The trial judge found that Esthetix had been negligent in failing to
take a number of precautionary measures when executing the demolition works.
On appeal, one of the issues canvassed before the High Court and the CA was
whether the demolition works could be said to be ultra-hazardous, although the
appellants’ counsel added a gloss to his arguments by stating that his case
was that “only demolition considered in the light of (a) the proximity and (b)
the relative elevations of the two houses” [emphasis in original] was ultra-
hazardous (Ng Huat Seng (HC) at [78]). The High Court dismissed the
appellants’ arguments. In upholding the High Court’s decision, the CA stated
that it was evident that the demolition works in this case “could not
reasonably be said to be ultra-hazardous”; in particular, it noted the
following points (at [97]):

(a) The appellants did not put forward anything to explain how the damage to
their property ensued from a particular risk arising from the demolition works
on the respondents’ property that remained substantial despite the exercise of
reasonable care.

(b) Demolition works are routinely done and there is nothing to suggest that
despite the exercise of reasonable care, there remains a material risk of
exceptionally serious harm arising from such works;

(c) This analysis does not change even though landed properties in Singapore
tend to be located in close proximity to one another. That simply establishes
the element of factual proximity and the foreseeability of harm being caused
if reasonable care is not taken when demolition works are carried out. It does
not in any way shed light on whether such works are “exceptionally dangerous
whatever precautions are taken” … which was the central issue here.

78 The above analysis applied with similar force in the present case. In the
present case, even if one were to assume that the hot works – and in
particular, the sparks arising from these works – created “a material risk of
exceptionally serious harm”, nothing was put forward by the Plaintiff to
suggest that such risk would remain even if reasonable care were taken. To
quote from what the CA said in Ng Huat Seng (CA), the Plaintiff failed to put
forward any material to explain how the loss and damage he had suffered
“ensued from a particular risk arising from the [hot works] on the [1st
Defendant’s] property that remained substantial despite the exercise of
reasonable care” (at [97]). Here, as in the Ng Huat Seng case, the close
proximity of No. 15 and No. 17 Link Road simply established the element of
factual proximity and the foreseeability of harm being caused if reasonable
care were not taken when the hot works were carried out”. This proximity did
not in any way shed light on whether the hot works were “exceptionally
dangerous whatever precautions were taken” [emphasis added]. In fact, if
anything, much of the evidence of the Plaintiff’s expert and the closing
submissions of the Plaintiff’s counsel were aimed at suggesting that had
reasonable care been taken in the execution of the hot works (for example, by
having a risk assessment done prior to the commencement of the hot works, by
having “adequate” supervision of the 2nd Defendant’s workers, etc), the risk
of a fire occurring would have been minimised or eliminated.

79 Accordingly, even on the assumption that the doctrine of ultra-hazardous
acts is part of our law, the Plaintiff was unable to show that the doctrine
applied on the facts of his case. In other words, applying the first of the
two approaches to the threshold requirement for non-delegable duties, the
Plaintiff could not show that his case fell within an established category of
non-delegable duties.

80 I next considered whether, in the alternative, the Plaintiff’s case
possessed the five defining features which would indicate the existence of a
non-delegable duty. Again, it is instructive to examine how the CA in Ng Huat
Seng (CA) applied this second approach to the threshold requirement for non-
delegable duties. In that case, the appellants argued that in electing to
demolish their existing property and build a new house in its place, the
respondents had “assumed responsibility” towards their neighbours, the
appellants; that the appellants were especially vulnerable because their
property was two metres lower than the respondents’, and they had no control
over the demolition works carried out there; and that the respondents had
control over the performance of the demolition works as they had control of
the work site and the method of work, and could also make decisions on
workplace safety and health. The CA rejected these arguments, holding at [103]
that:

… [T]he relationship which the appellants described was essentially that which
would ordinarily exist between neighbours owning adjoining plots of land.
Under such a relationship, liability would arise if one of the neighbours
acted negligently and caused foreseeable harm to the other. There was nothing
distinctive about the facts here which demonstrated the particular kind of
relationship described in Tiong Aik so as to found a non-delegable duty of
care on the respondents’ part in respect of the demolition works carried out
on their property. What was critical in this case was that unlike the
relationship between a school and its students or that between a hospital and
its patients, where it could meaningfully be said that the latter was in the
“custody, charge or care” of the former, there was nothing to indicate that
the appellants were in any sort of relationship of “special dependence” on or
“particular vulnerability” in relation to the respondents so as to warrant the
imposition of a non-delegable duty of care on the latter. Indeed, it could not
be said that the respondents exercised any control over the appellants from
which it was possible to impute to the respondents the assumption of a
positive duty to protect the appellant from harm arising from the demolition
works carried out on the respondents’ property, as opposed to merely a duty to
refrain from conduct which could foreseeably cause harm to the appellants.

[emphasis in original]

81 Again, the above analysis applied with similar force in the present case.
In the present case, the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendants owned adjoining
properties. There was nothing distinctive about the present facts which could
supply the basis for the particular kind of relationship described in Tiong
Aik and in Ng Huat Seng (CA) as founding a non-delegable duty of care on the
1st Defendant’s part in respect of the hot works being done at No. 17.
Certainly there was nothing on the facts which could provide a basis for
saying that the Plaintiff was in a relationship of “special dependence” on or
“particular vulnerability” to the 1st Defendant such as to justify the
imposition of a non-delegable duty of care on the latter. Nor was there
anything on the facts to justify a finding that the 1st Defendant had assumed
a positive duty to protect the Plaintiff from harm arising from the hot works
carried out at the wall between their respective backyards.

82 In this connection, I note that there was some suggestion in the
Plaintiff’s AEIC that the 1st Defendant’s representative (by whom he appeared
to be referring to Molly) had informed him during a visit to No 15 together
with “the contractors’ boss” that “they [the 1st Defendant] would take the
necessary precautions to ensure that the [g]oods stored in 15 Link Road were
not affected in any way by the work which they intended to carry out” 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

para 33 of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

at No. 17. It was not entirely clear whether the Plaintiff was pitching these
alleged remarks as amounting to an assumption by the 1st Defendant of a
positive duty towards him to protect him from harm arising from the hot works.
If he was, then the argument could not in my view possibly succeed. Firstly,
it became clear from the Plaintiff’s own admissions in cross-examination that
he could not actually recall such remarks being made to him, much less their
being made by “the 1st Defendant’s representative” 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

See transcript of 3 July 2018 at p 12 line 1 to p 13 line 31.

. Secondly, and in any event, even assuming that such remarks had been made by
Molly to the Plaintiff, they could not provide any basis for finding that the
1st Defendant had assumed a positive duty to protect the Plaintiff from harm
arising from the A&A works or the hot works being done at No. 17. From the
CA’s judgments in Tiong Aik and Ng Huat Seng (CA), it was clear that the issue
of assumption of a positive duty by a defendant to protect a claimant from
harm must be viewed in the context of an “antecedent relationship” between
defendant and claimant, independent of the negligent act or omission, which
“placed the claimant in the defendant’s actual custody, charge or care”
[emphasis added] (at [82(b)(ii)] of Ng Huat Seng (CA)). On the present facts,
there was clearly no such antecedent relationship between the Plaintiff and
the 1st Defendant in which the former could be said to have been placed in the
latter’s “actual custody, charge or care”.

83 In light of the above reasoning, I was satisfied that there was no basis
for holding the 1st Defendant to be subject to a non-delegable duty of care in
respect of the hot works carried out at the wall between No. 15 and No. 17.

Whether the Workplace Safety and Health Act imposes on the 1st Defendant non-
delegable duties of care to the Plaintiff in respect of the A&A works at No.
17

84 It will be noted that in addition to the list of particulars of the 1st
Defendant’s negligence enumerated at paras 14.16–14.38 of the Statement of
Claim (Amendment No. 2), it will be seen that at para 14.15, the Plaintiff
also pleaded the following as one of the particulars of negligence:

Breach of duty under section 14A of the Workplace Safety and Health Act
(Chapter 354A) in failing, neglecting or refusing to take such measures as are
necessary to ensure that the 2nd Defendant:

(a) had the necessary expertise and/or competence to carry out the
construction works and/or hot works for which the contractor was engaged by
the principal to do; and

(b) had taken adequate safety measures in respect of the construction works
and/or hot works’ machinery or equipment used by the 2nd Defendant or the
latter’s employees to carry out the construction works and/or hot works

85 In gist, para 14.15 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) reproduced
most of the language of section 14A(1) of the Workplace Safety and Health Act
(Chapter 354A, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WSHA”). The provisions of section 14A(1)–(3)
read as follows:

(1) It shall be the duty of every principal to take, so far as is reasonably
practicable, such measures as are necessary to ensure that any contractor
engaged by the principal on or after the date of commencement of section 5 of
the Workplace Safety and Health (Amendment) Act 2011 —

(a) has the necessary expertise to carry out the work for which the contractor
is engaged by the principal to do; and

(b) has taken adequate safety and health measures in respect of any machinery,
equipment, plant, article or process used, or to be used, by the contractor or
any employee employed by the contractor.

(2) The duty imposed on every principal under subsection (1)(a) includes
ascertaining that the contractor engaged by the principal and any employee of
the contractor —

(a) have sufficient experience and training to carry out the work for which
the contractor is engaged by the principal to do; and

(b) have obtained any necessary licence, permit, certificate or any other
document in order to carry out the work for which the contractor is engaged by
the principal to do.

(3) The duty imposed on every principal under subsection (1)(b) includes
ascertaining that the contractor engaged by the principal —

(a) has conducted a risk assessment in relation to the safety and health risks
posed to any person who may be affected by the work for which the contractor
is engaged by the principal to do; and

(b) has informed any person who may be affected by the work for which the
contractor is engaged by the principal to do of the nature of the risk
involved in the work and any measure or safe work procedure which is
implemented at the workplace.

86 In relation to the A&A works at No. 17, the Plaintiff’s closing submissions
did not explain the connection which he sought to draw between the 1st
Defendant’s alleged statutory duties pursuant to section 14A WSHA and the
imposition of a common law duty of care on it vis-à-vis neighbouring property
owners such as the Plaintiff. Parsing these submissions, the only conclusion
that made sense was that he was asserting that section 14A WSHA imposed on the
1st Defendant a non-delegable duty of care to the Plaintiff, to ensure that
the A&A works (and in particular, the hot works) at No. 17 were carried out
with reasonable care. In Seasons Park (at [38]–[39]) and in Tiong Aik (at
[27]–[34]), the CA recognised that non-delegable duties could be imposed both
by statute and at common law.

87 In this connection, it must be pointed out that the existence of a
statutory duty per se does not necessarily equate with the imposition of a
common law duty of care. As the CA held in Animal Concerns Research &
Education Society v Tan Boon Kwee [2011] 2 SLR 146 (“Animal Concerns”) at [22]
(and as it affirmed in Tan Juay Pah v Kimly Construction Pte Ltd and others
[2012] 2 SLR 549 (“Tan Juay Pah”) 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Tab 24 DBOA.

at [51]):

… A statutory duty does not ipso facto impose a concomitant duty of care at
common law. A statutory duty may, of course, form the backdrop to and inform
the existence (or lack thereof) of a common law duty of care … but that does
not mean the statutory duty per se is a duty of care, even if it is phrased
(as here) in terms of requiring the taking of “reasonable steps” and “due
diligence”.

[emphasis added]

88 In Seasons Park, the CA made it clear that the claimant who asserted the
existence of a statutory non-delegable duty must be able to point to specific
provisions in the relevant legislation which have so provided (at [40]). The
need for express statutory language providing for the alleged statutory non-
delegable duty was reiterated in Tiong Aik. In that case, defects were
discovered in the buildings of the Seaview condominium. These were due to the
negligence of a sub-contractor. The management corporation (“MCST”) of the
Seaview sued the main contractor and the architect for the building defects.
One key issue which the CA had to consider was whether the main contractor and
the architect owed the MCST a statutory non-delegable duty of care to build
and to design the condominium with reasonable care (“the Proposed Non-
Delegable Duty”). Pointing out that “nothing in the express words of the BCA
countenance the imputation of the Proposed Non-Delegable Duty”, the CA held
that “the absence of any express statutory language to ground the Proposed
Non-Delegable Duty was dispositive of the matter” (at [33]–[34]).

89 In the present case, the Plaintiff took it for granted that the 1st
Defendant must be subject to the requirements stated in section 14A WSHA and
therefore presented no arguments on the issue. With respect, however, there
appeared to me to be some doubt as to whether the 1st Defendant – as the owner
of premises on which the works were being done – should be regarded as one of
the “principals” referred to in section 14A. As the 1st Defendant’s counsel
highlighted in his reply submissions 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

paras 3–5 of the 1st Defendant’s reply submissions.

, the definition of “principal” in section 4 WSHA is quite specific – it
states that “principal”:

… means a person who, in connection with any trade, business, profession or
undertaking carried on by him, engages any other person otherwise than under a
contract of service —

(a) to supply any labour for gain or reward; or

(b) to do any work for gain or reward.

90 The 1st Defendant is in the trade or business of supplying electrical
conduit pipes. It would put a very strained construction on the statutory
definition of “principal” if – in relation to the A&A works at No. 17 – one
were to speak of the 1st Defendant engaging the 2nd Defendant “in connection
with any trade, business, profession or undertaking carried on” by it.

91 Even putting aside the above issues of construction and even assuming that
the statutory duties in section 14A WSHA applied to the 1st Defendant, “[a]
statutory duty does not ipso facto impose a concomitant duty of care at common
law … even if it is phrased (as here) in terms of requiring the taking of
‘reasonable steps’ and ‘due diligence’” (see [87] above). The Plaintiff also
needed to prove that the statute had clearly and expressly provided for a non-
delegable duty of care of the nature and scope he was seeking to rely on. He
failed to do so. To quote from the CA’s judgment in Tiong Aik, therefore, “the
absence of any express statutory language to ground the Proposed Non-Delegable
Duty was dispositive of the matter” (at [34]).

92 Nevertheless, to be fair to the Plaintiff, I followed the approach of the
CA in Tiong Aik in further considering whether the broader statutory scheme
and object of the WSHA justified a broader view of the duties imposed under
the WHSA. In my view, it did not.

93 In the course of the Second Reading of the 2011 WSHA Amendment Bill
(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (11 April 2011) vol 87 (Gan
Kim Yong, Minister for Manpower)) which introduced, inter alia, section 14A,
the Minister for Manpower spoke of how the extension of the WSHA (to cover all
workplaces) was a “significant and timely move to ensure the safety and health
of our workers” [emphasis added]. As for section 14A WSHA specifically, in his
answers to parliamentary questions raised during the Second Reading, the
Minister for Manpower alluded to the proposed section 14A as being “sufficient
and yet practical for achieving our objective of improving ownership of safety
outcomes in the sub-contracting process” [emphasis added]. To quote the CA in
Tan Juay Pah (at [89]), therefore, the primary objective of the WSHA is
“ensuring the safety of those present at workplaces (particularly workers),
and attributing responsibility for workplace safety to those having
operational control of workplaces … [T]he WSHA is intended to protect persons
present at workplaces from safety lapses by contractors and their
subcontractors …” [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold
italics].

94 To sum up: both the express statutory language and the relevant
Parliamentary debates provided no basis for supposing that the WSHA was
intended to impose on land-owners such as the 1st Defendant a non-delegable
duty of care to neighbouring land-owners such as the Plaintiff.

Cases cited by the Plaintiff in support of its case against in negligence
liability

95 In finding the 1st Defendant not liable in negligence, I did consider the
cases cited in the Plaintiff’s Bundle of Authorities (“PBOA”) but did not find
them to be helpful to the Plaintiff’s case against the 1st Defendant.

96 Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd v Moh Seng Cranes Pte Ltd and others [2014] 2 SLR
360 (“Jurong Primewide”) 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Tab C PBOA.

was a case in which the main contractor at a worksite (“JPW”) and the sub-
contractor (“MA”) were held liable in negligence to the company (“Moh Seng”)
from which a mobile crane had been hired for lifting works at the worksite.
The crane was hired by another company (“Hup Hin”) who had a rental agreement
with JPW to supply cranes to the worksite. The crane was damaged when it
collapsed into a concealed manhole in the ground into which it had been
driven. Both the Lifting Supervisor employed by MA and JPW’s Safety Officer
had assured the crane driver that the ground was safe. This case did not
assist Plaintiff because the CA’s decision – in holding JPW and MA liable in
negligence for the damage to Moh Seng’s crane – was premised on the status of
JPW and MA as the main contractor and the sub-contractor for the worksite. The
CA held that the main objective of the WSHA was ensure a safer working
environment at construction sites by strengthening the accountability of and
impose responsibilities on parties such as the main contractor and sub-
contractors, who had “operational control” of workplaces and thus primary
responsibility in all areas of safety. Contractors and sub-contractors are
parties whose negligence on construction sites has the most potential to
result in fatal, or at least, costly consequences, given their well-placed
abilities to foresee and be aware of the various possible mishaps that others
without operational responsibilities and control may not be able to identify.
In fact, the CA said, it was “very hard to think of situations where
sufficient proximity to give rise to a common law duty of care [would] not be
found to exist due to the control contractors and subcontractors have over the
worksite and the on-going activities on it” (at [41]).

97 The CA’s judgment did not aid the Plaintiff in its contention that the 1st
Defendant should be found vicariously liable for the negligence of the
independent contractor or that the 1st Defendant should be subjected to a non-
delegable duty of care to ensure the safe performance of the A&A works by the
independent contractor. Nor did it aid the Plaintiff in proving negligence by
the 1st Defendant in selecting the 2nd Defendant as its contractor.

98 In Chen Qiangshi v Hong Fei CDY Construction Pte Ltd and another [2014]
SGHC 177 (“Chen Qiangshi”) 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Tab E PBOA.

, the plaintiff was a construction worker who was injured at the worksite when
a rebar cage collapsed onto him while it was being lifted for repositioning.
The first defendant was the plaintiff’s employer and the sub-contractor
engaged to carry out reinforcement, concreting and formwork at the worksite.
The second defendant was the main contractor for that worksite. The High Court
found that given the first defendant’s status as the plaintiff’s employer,
there was clearly a relationship of proximity between them, and no reasons of
policy which would suggest otherwise. The first defendant was found liable in
negligence as the plaintiff had been asked to proceed with the lifting of the
rebar cage when the first defendant, through its director and general
supervisor Mr Chen, ought to have known that there was no lifting supervisor
or safety supervisor on the scene. In any event, the first defendant was also
vicariously liable for the negligence of its other employee, Mr Masum, who had
been negligent in proceeding with the lifting of the rebar cage without
supervision, in requesting the plaintiff to assist in the rigging of the said
rebar cage when the latter was not trained or qualified in rigging, and in
failing to ensure that the load of the rebar cage was properly rigged up
before instructing the tower crane operator to lift the load. The High Court
also found the second defendant liable because under the Crane Regulations, it
was the second defendant who was responsible for establishing and implementing
a lifting plan in accordance with safe and sound practice: lifting operations
were to be conducted in accordance with the lifting plan; and compliance was
to be ensured by a lifting supervisor – in this case, Mr Arasu, who was an
employee of the second defendant’s. Evidence was given that despite the
requirements of the Crane Regulations, there was little or no risk assessment
or discussion within the lifting team or with the lifting supervisor about
what was to be done each day. Evidence was also given that on the day of the
accident, despite having been informed of the intended lifting of the rebar
cage (which was a non-routine lift), Mr Arasu had failed to supervise the
lifting operation and had also failed to instruct Mr Masum not to proceed
until he could be present to supervise. Accordingly, the High Court found the
second defendant to be negligent in that it had failed to take reasonably
practicable measures which were necessary to ensure the safety and health of
persons who might be affected by the lifting operations. The court also found
the second defendant vicariously liable for Mr Arasu’s negligence.

99 Again, there was nothing in the judgment in Chen Qiangshi which could aid
the Plaintiff in its contention that the 1st Defendant should be found
vicariously liable for the negligence of the independent contractor or that
1st Defendant should be subjected to a non-delegable duty of care to ensure
the safe performance of the A&A works by the independent contractor. Nor did
Chen Qiangshi aid the Plaintiff in proving negligence by the 1st Defendant in
selecting the 2nd Defendant as its contractor.

100 Lee Swee Chon v Kiat Seng Metals Pte Ltd [2018] SGHC 22 (“Lee Swee Chon”)
124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Tab F PBOA.

was another negligence action arising from a workplace accident in which a
stack of aluminium sheets stored at the defendant’s warehouse fell on the
plaintiff and injured him. The defendant was the plaintiff’s employer. The
principle issues in contention, as stated by the High Court (at [2]), were
“whether the defendant … breached its duty of care as an employer to provide a
safe work environment to the [p]laintiff, and whether (and if so, to what
extent) the [p]laintiff was contributorily negligent.” In other words, the
court’s decision in Lee Swee Chon turned on the specific facts of the case and
in particular the employer-employee relationship between the plaintiff and the
defendants. In the circumstances, there was nothing in Lee Swee Chon which
could aid the Plaintiff in its contention that the 1st Defendant should be
found vicariously liable for the negligence of the independent contractor or
that 1st Defendant should be subjected to a non-delegable duty of care to
ensure the safe performance of the A&A works by the independent contractor.
Nor did Lee Swee Chon aid the Plaintiff in proving negligence by the 1st
Defendant in selecting the 2nd Defendant as its contractor.

Two final points in relation to negligence liability

101 In the interests of completeness, I make two final points in relation to
the claim in negligence liability.

Effect of the 1st Defendant’s conviction under Fire Safety Act

102 Firstly, I should add that I also considered the effect of the 1st
Defendant’s conviction for an offence under section 23(1) of the Fire Safety
Act (Cap 109A, 2000 Rev Ed); specifically, whether the conviction aided the
Plaintiff’s case in negligence liability against the 1st Defendant. In this
connection, section 45A(3) of the Evidence Act (Chapter 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
provides that a person “proved to have been convicted of an offence under this
section shall, unless the contrary is proved, be taken to have committed the
acts and to have possessed the state of mind (if any) which at law constitute
the offence” 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

In any case, the 1st Defendant did not dispute the conviction in these
proceedings.

. As framed in the charge, the offence to which the 1st Defendant pleaded
guilty under section 23(1) of the Fire Safety Act was one of authorising fire
safety works for which approval has not been obtained 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

pp 149–150 of 1ABD.

.

103 The essence of the tort of negligence is the imposition of a duty of care
at common law vis-à-vis the claimant. Given the elements of the above offence,
proof of the conviction did not assist the Plaintiff in persuading me that the
1st Defendant should be held vicariously liable to the Plaintiff for the
negligence of its independent contractor in executing the works, or that the
1st Defendant should be subjected to a non-delegable duty of care to the
Plaintiff to ensure safe execution of the works by the independent contractor.
Nor did proof of the conviction establish that the 1st Defendant had been
negligent in selecting the 2nd Defendant as its contractor, since the
unauthorised safety works took place after the selection and appointment of
the 2nd Defendant.

The doctrine of res ipsa loquitur

104 Secondly, whilst the Plaintiff pleaded in his statement of claim that he
intended to rely on the doctrine of res ipsa loquitur, I did not think there
was any basis for the application of the doctrine in this case. One of the
requirements for the application of the doctrine is that the cause of the
accident must be unknown: see [39] of the CA’s judgment in Grace Electrical
Engineering Pte Ltd v Te Deum Engineering Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 76 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Tab 13 DBOA.

. In this case, both parties did not dispute the SCDF’s finding that the fire
was caused by sparks from the hot works at No. 17 coming into contact with the
mattresses and other flammable materials in the backyard of No. 15. As such,
it could not be said that the cause of the accident was unknown.

105 Finally, I would add that the Plaintiff’s attempt to introduce evidence of
an alleged “small fire” at another neighbouring property (No. 19 Link Road) –
which he contended had also been caused by “the 1st and/or 2nd Defendant’s
servant and/or agents” prior to 30 April 2013 - came to nought in the course
of the trial, as the only witness called for that purpose turned out to have
no personal knowledge of the alleged fire. In any event, even if evidence of
such a fire had been available, it would not have assisted the Plaintiff in
persuading me that the 1st Defendant should be held vicariously liable to the
Plaintiff for the negligence of its independent contractor in executing the
works, or that the 1st Defendant should be subjected to a non-delegable duty
of care to the Plaintiff to ensure safe execution of the works by the
independent contractor. Nor would such evidence have assisted the Plaintiff in
establishing negligence by the 1st Defendant in selecting the 2nd Defendant as
its contractor.

Summary of findings in relation to the Plaintiff’s claim in negligence

106 For the reasons set out in [47] to [104] above, I found that the Plaintiff
was unable to make out a case in negligence against the 1st Defendant –
whether in terms of vicarious liability for the 2nd Defendant’s negligence, in
terms of negligence in the selection of its contractor, or in terms of a non-
delegable duty of care.

107 Given the above conclusions, it was not necessary for me to make any
findings on the 1st Defendant’s allegations of contributory negligence by the
Plaintiff.

Whether the 1st Defendant could be held liable for the Plaintiff’s damage and
loss pursuant to the tort of nuisance

108 In addition to his claim in negligence, the Plaintiff also claimed that
the 1st Defendant should be held liable pursuant to the tort of nuisance. For
the following reasons, I decided that the 1st Defendant was liable in private
nuisance.

General principles relating to the tort of private nuisance

109 An actionable nuisance may be characterised as the causing or permitting
of a state of affairs in one man’s property from which damage to his
neighbour’s property is likely to arise. In Crown River Cruises Ltd v
Kimbolton Firewords Ltd and another (“Crown River Cruises”) [1996] 2 Lloyd’s
Law Reports 533, the first defendants were the sub-contractors responsible for
the organisation and execution of a firework display on the Thames river. Hot
debris from the fireworks fell on one of the plaintiff’s barges which was then
moored along the river. It appears that substantial portions of the barge
ceiling were rotten, and that the loose slivers of timber would have been
readily combustible. A fire thus started on board the plaintiff’s barge, which
was not properly extinguished by the fire crew when it arrived, and which
subsequently ignited into a serious fire, causing substantial damage to two of
the plaintiff’s barges and some heat damage to a third. Potter J held the
first defendant liable in negligence to the plaintiff. He also found it liable
in nuisance, holding as follows (at 545):

… Where an activity creates a state of affairs which gives rise to risk of
escape of physically dangerous or damaging material, such as water, gas or
fire, then the law of nuisance is, and should be, available to give a remedy
in respect of that state of affairs, albeit brief in duration. In my opinion,
the holding of a firework display in a situation where it is inevitable that
for 15-20 minutes debris, some of it hot and burning, will fall upon nearby
property of a potentially flammable nature creates a nuisance actionable at
the suit of a property owner who suffers damage as a result.

110 Whilst the first defendant in Crown River Cruises was found liable both in
negligence and nuisance, “negligence is not an essential element in nuisance …
An occupier may incur liability for the emission of noxious fumes or noise
although he has used the utmost care in building and using his premises”: per
Lord Reid in delivering the judgment of the Privy Council in Overseas Tankship
(UK) Ltd v The Miller Steamship Co Pty and another [1967] AC 617 (“The Wagon
Mound (No. 2)”) at 639. Atkinson J summed up the position neatly in Spicer and
another v Smee [1946] 1 All ER 489 (“Spicer v Smee”) at 493:

… Liability for a nuisance may exist quite independently of [negligence]. In
negligence a plaintiff must prove a duty to take care, but not so in nuisance.
In Rapier v London Tramways Co. … Lindley, L.J., said ([1893] 2 Ch. 588, at p.
600):

… if I am sued for a nuisance, and the nuisance is proved, it is no defence on
my part to say, and to prove, that I have taken all reasonable care to prevent
it.

Nuisance and negligence are different in their nature, and a private nuisance
arises out of a state of things on one man’s property whereby his neighbour’s
property is exposed to danger. …

111 Whilst the above statements of general principle may seem expansive, it
must be remembered that a number of other principles have been developed by
the courts to keep liability in nuisance under control: for one, the principle
of reasonable user. Whether a land-owner’s use of his land is reasonable
depends on the facts of each case. In Tesa Tape Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Wing
Seng Logistics Pte Ltd [2006] 3 SLR(R) 116 (“Tesa Tape”) 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Tab 25 DBOA

, the plaintiff and the defendant occupied adjoining premises. The defendant
operated a container storage depot on its premises and had stacked multiple
rows of 40-foot containers side by side, creating a large mono-block of
containers (which was the standard practice). The two highest rows of
containers were stacked up to seven tiers and were nearest the perimeter fence
between the defendant’s land and the plaintiff’s. During a heavy thunderstorm,
some of the defendant’s containers fell into the plaintiff’s land, damaging
its property. The plaintiff sued the defendant, inter alia, in nuisance. In
allowing the claim, the High Court held that the mere storage of containers on
the defendant’s premises could not be regarded as an unreasonable use of the
premises for the purposes of ascertaining whether there was liability under
the tort of nuisance. In the broad context of nuisance, the storage of
containers itself attracted no liability. Liability would only attach if the
stacking of the containers as done by the defendant was unsafe in the
circumstances. The standard practice of stacking containers was a factor that
had to be examined in the context of safety and the foreseeability of danger
from mishaps arising from a collapse of the stacks. The High Court found that
on a balance of probabilities, the collapse of the containers was caused by a
sudden gust of strong wind during the thunderstorm; and that although the
sudden gust of wind at the material time was in itself unusual, it was not so
extraordinary as to constitute an event of force majeure when looked at in
conjunction with the way the defendant had stacked its containers. Moreover,
there were a number of precautions which could have been taken by the
defendant and which would probably have precluded the collapse of the
containers onto the plaintiff’s premises had they been taken – including
avoiding having the containers stacked up to so many tiers, and stacking them
perpendicularly to the fence instead of parallel to it (Tesa Tape at
[16]–[20]). In short, the element of unreasonable use of the land could be
established in that while storing containers on land in an industrial zone was
not in itself a nuisance, placing the containers in a manner which made them
foreseeably unsafe rendered the use of the land unreasonable.

112 The High Court’s analysis of the foreseeability of the harm in Tesa Tape
reflects another important limiting principle in any consideration of nuisance
liability. In Cambridge Water Co v Eastern Counties Leather Plc [1994] 2 AC
264 (“Cambridge Water”), the defendant was a leather manufacturer who had used
a chlorinated solvent in degreasing pelts at its tannery, which was some 1.3
miles away from the plaintiff’s borehole where water was abstracted for
domestic purposes. The solvent seeped into the ground below the defendant’s
premises and was conveyed in percolating water in the direction of the
borehole, subsequently rendering the water in the borehole unfit for human
consumption. The plaintiff sued the defendant, inter alia, in nuisance. The
House of Lords found that the plaintiff was unable to establish that pollution
of their water supply by the solvent was in the circumstances foreseeable, and
held that the defendant was not liable in nuisance, stating (at 299):

… [I]t is still the law that the fact that the defendant has taken all
reasonable care will not of itself exonerate him from liability, the relevant
control mechanism being found within the principle of reasonable user. But it
by no means follows that the defendant should be held liable for damage of a
type which he could not reasonably foresee; and the development of the law of
negligence in the past 60 years points strongly towards a requirement that
such foreseeability should be a prerequisite of liability in damages for
nuisance, as it is of liability in negligence. …

113 The above principles have been accepted and followed by Singapore courts.
In OTF Aquarium Farm (formerly known as Ong’s Tropical Fish Aquarium & Fresh
Flowers) (a firm) v Lian Shing Construction Co Pte Ltd (Liberty Insurance Pte
Ltd, Third Party) [2007] SGHC 122 (“OTF Aquarium”) 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Tab L PBOA.

, for example, the High Court noted (at [23]):

… Of importance to the issue of liability in private nuisance and negligence
is the question whether the damage done was reasonably foreseeable. In [The
Wagon Mound (No. 2)], Lord Reid, approaching the case under the rubrics of
both nuisance and negligence at p 644 said:

If it is clear that the reasonable man would have realised or foreseen and
prevented the risk, then it must follow that the appellant is liable in
damages.

114 Lastly, it must be noted that the “blanket exclusion of independent
contractors” (see [49] above) which applies in any consideration of vicarious
liability for the negligence of third parties does not apply in the tort of
nuisance. Instead, the position is as summarised (below) in Clerk & Lindsell
(at para 20-72):

Nuisance created by independent contractor Whether a person can be said to be
a wrongdoer if the nuisance is created by his independent contractor depends
on whether he could reasonably have foreseen that the work he had instructed
the independent contractor to do was likely to result in a nuisance. In Bower
v Peate [(1876) LR 1 QBD 321 (“Bower v Peate”)], Cockburn CJ said:

“A man who orders work to be executed from which, in the natural course of
things, injurious consequences to his neighbour must be expected to arise,
unless means are adopted by which such consequences may be prevented, is bound
to see to the doing of that which is necessary to prevent the mischief, and
cannot relieve himself of his responsibility by employing someone else –
whether it be the contractor employed to do the work from which the danger
arises or some independent person – to do what is necessary to prevent the act
he has ordered to be done from becoming wrongful.”

115 Spicer v Smee illustrates the operation of the above principles. In that
case, the plaintiff and the defendant owned adjoining bungalows. The defendant
had let out her bungalow, but prior to letting it out, had engaged a
contractor to install electrical wiring in the bungalow. The plaintiff’s
bungalow was destroyed by a fire which originated in the defendant’s bungalow.
On the evidence, it was found that the fire in the defendant’s bungalow had
resulted from defective electrical writing: the contractor engaged by the
defendant to install the wiring had been negligent in leaving part of the live
wire inadequately protected. The plaintiff sued the defendant in nuisance. The
defendant argued that she could not be liable for the acts of her contractor.
In rejecting her defence and allowing the plaintiff’s claim, Atkinson J – who
referenced, inter alia, the judgment of Cockburn CJ in Bower v Peate – held
(at 495) that “usually a man is not liable for the default of an independent
contractor, but in the law of nuisance an exception exists”.

Applying the general principles to the present case

116 Applying the above principles to the present case, I found that the 1st
Defendant could reasonably have foreseen that the work it had instructed the
2nd Defendant to do was likely to result in a nuisance to its neighbour, the
Plaintiff.

117 From the 2nd Defendant’s quotation of 25 February 2013, the 1st Defendant
ought to have known that the A&A works to its rear included the construction
of a brick wall up to 2 metres in height and steel structural works 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

pp 38–39 of Molly’s AEIC.

. Indeed, in cross-examination, Molly agreed that she knew that part of the
A&A works included the construction of a wall between the backyards of No. 15
and No. 17 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

See transcript of 10 July 2018 at p 101 line 30 to p 102 line 16.

.

118 In cross-examination, Molly agreed that she was aware that “if there were
no proper system of work in place, the A&A work[s] could cause a nuisance or
damage to [the 1st Defendant’s] neighbours, such as 15 and 19 Link Road” 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

See transcript of 10 July 2018 at p 91 line 24 to p 92 line 7.

. She stated that she had assumed that the 2nd Defendant would work
responsibly and safely, but candidly admitted that “[a]ccident[s] definitely
will happen” [emphasis added] – and that whilst the 1st Defendant was
concerned to protect the safety of its staff, any accident was likely to be
confined to the backyard where the works were being done and where the 1st
Defendant’s staff would usually not go 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

See transcript of 10 July 2018 at p 109 line 26 to p 110 line 8.

.

119 Molly also agreed that on the occasion when she had brought Chong NK to
speak to the Plaintiff at No. 15, she had walked through the backyard of No.
15 and noticed mattresses and other goods stored at the backyard 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

See transcript of 10 July 2018 at p 105 line 9 to p 106 line 4.

. She admitted that she was aware of the flammable quality of the mattresses,
stating: “Mattresses … will ignite the fire very fast … Mattresses, when they
get into fire, will burn up very fast.” 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

See transcript of 10 July 2018 at p 126 lines 16–32.

She also admitted that this was something she was aware of even before the
fire on 30 April 2013.

120 Whilst Molly stated at one point that the 1st Defendant did not
specifically authorise the commencement of works by the 2nd Defendant 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

See transcript of 10 July 2018 at p 111 line 22.

, she admitted that the 2nd Defendant had been told its workers could enter
the 1st Defendant’s premises after 9 am. In her AEIC, she also stated that
after the 2nd Defendant was paid the 30% down payment, it “began sending
people in everyday (presumably to do the Alterations Works)” 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

[30] of Molly’s AEIC.

. Moreover, whilst both Molly and Ross said that they had not been given a
copy of the 2nd Defendant’s work schedule and that they had not been told
anything about approval having to be obtained for hot works, I found that from
ETS’s quotation of 25 September 2012, the 1st Defendant ought to have known
that the works included some sort of hot works, as the ETS quotation expressly
specified the “submission of plans to FSSD for Fire Safety approval” 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

p 31 of Molly’s AEIC.

. In fact, the penultimate 5% of the total payment to be made to ETS was
stated to be due upon the submission of such “Fire Safety” plans.

121 Having regard to the above evidence, therefore, I found that the 1st
Defendant ought to have known that the A&A works it had commissioned would
involve at some point hot works; and it ought as well to have known that such
works, if not done in a safe manner, would cause fire damage to its
neighbour’s property. In light of the evidence adduced, I also found that the
element of unreasonable use of land was established. Whilst it might not be a
nuisance per se to carry out A&A works in one’s backyard, the execution of hot
works at the perimeter fencing between the backyards of No. 15 and No. 17 in a
manner which made such works foreseeably unsafe – in the presence of strong
winds, in close proximity to the flammable mattresses stored at the backyard
of No. 15, and in the absence of any supervision of the workers doing such
works – rendered the use of the land unreasonable. As the High Court noted in
OTF Aquarium (at [23]), it is “clearly not a reasonable use of land to create
or to continue a hazard which the owner or occupier knows or should know
carries a foreseeable risk of damage to one’s neighbour.” Having regard to the
principles stated in Bower v Peate and Spicer v Smee (as summarised in Clerk v
Lindsell – see [114]–[115] above) on a land-owner’s liability for a nuisance
created by an independent contractor, I also found that the fact that the fire
hazard in this case was created by the 1st Defendant’s contractor (rather than
directly by the 1st Defendant itself) did not absolve it of liability for the
tort of nuisance.

122 For the reasons set out above, I allowed the Plaintiff’s claim in nuisance
against the 1st Defendant.

Whether the 1st Defendant could be held liable for the Plaintiff’s damage and
loss pursuant to the rule in Rylands v Fletcher

123 In addition to his claims in negligence and nuisance, the Plaintiff also
claimed that the 1st Defendant should be found liable pursuant to the rule in
Rylands v Fletcher (“the Rule”). I found the 1st Defendant liable under the
Rule. My reasons were as follows.

General principles relating to the rule in Rylands v Fletcher

124 The case of Rylands v Fletcher involved the flooding of Mr Fletcher’s coal
mine by water from Mr Rylands’ mill reservoir. The Rule, as formulated by
Blackburn J when the case was heard in the Exchequer Chamber, states as
follows (Fletcher v Rylands and another (1866) LR 1 Exch 265 at 279):

… [T]he person who for his own purposes brings on his lands and collects and
keeps there anything likely to do mischief if it escapes, must keep it in at
his peril, and, if he does not do so, is prima facie answerable for all the
damage which is the natural consequence of its escape. …

125 The Rule was approved on appeal by the House of Lords, with Lord Cairns LC
adding the following refinements (Rylands v Fletcher at 338–339):

The Defendants, treating them as the owners or occupiers of the close on which
the reservoir was constructed, might lawfully have used that close for any
purpose for which it might in the ordinary course of the enjoyment of land be
used; and if, in what I might term the natural user of that land, there had
been any accumulation of water, either on the surface or underground, and if,
by the operation of the laws of nature, that accumulation of water had passed
off into the close occupied by the Plaintiff, the Plaintiff could not have
complained …

…

On the other hand if the Defendants, not stopping at the natural use of their
close, had desired to use it for any purpose which I may term a non-natural
use, for the purpose of introducing into the close that which in its natural
condition was not in or upon it, for the purpose of introducing water either
above or below ground in quantities and in a manner not the result of any work
or operation on or under the land,—and if in consequence of their doing so, or
in consequence of any imperfection in the mode of their doing so, the water
came to escape and to pass off into the close of the Plaintiff, then … that
which the Defendants were doing they were doing at their own peril; and, if in
the course of their doing it, the evil arose … of the escape of the water and
its passing away to the close of the Plaintiff and injuring the Plaintiff,
then for the consequence of that … the defendants would be liable. …

[emphasis added]

126 In Transco plc v Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council [2004] 2 AC 1
(“Transco”) 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Tab 26 DBOA.

, the House of Lords also stated that in order for the Rule to apply, the
“thing” brought onto a defendant-occupier’s land had to be a “dangerous thing”
which posed an exceptionally high risk to neighbouring property should it
escape (per Lord Bingham of Cornhill at 11–12).

127 In its closing submissions 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

para 67 of the 1st Defendants’ closing submissions.

, the 1st Defendant noted that the High Court of Australia in Burnie Port
Authority v General Jones Pty Limited (1994) 179 CLR 520 (“Burnie”) 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

1st Defendants’ Supplemental Bundle of Authorities (“DSBOA”).

“has done away with” the doctrine in Rylands v Fletcher – essentially, by
pronouncing it “absorbed” into the law of negligence (see Burnie at 556, per
Mason CJ, Deane, Dawson, Toohey and Gaudron JJ). As the 1st Defendant also
acknowledged, however, the House of Lords in the United Kingdom has on more
than one occasion rejected this path: see for example Cambridge Water and
Transco. In the latter case, it was held that “the rule is, when properly
understood, still part of English law and does comprise a useful and soundly
based component of the law of tort as an aspect of the law of private
nuisance. It derives from the use of land and covers the division of risk as
between the owners of the land in question and other landowners” (per Lord
Hobhouse of Woodborough at [52] of Transco).

128 Locally, too, our High Court has continued to apply the Rule as “part of
the tort of nuisance”: see, for example, [8] in Tesa Tape. In Tesa Tape, it
was held that the stacking of containers of such weight and size as those on
the defendant’s premises – 7 tiers high – was “a non-natural use of the land,
industrial or otherwise” (at [7]). The High Court also held that whilst a
stack of containers “cannot escape into a neighbouring land any more than
water can”, “[e]scape in the tort sense of Rylands v Fletcher has a nuance,
which, when translated into common terminology, would mean a situation in
which things on one’s land find themselves in the neighbouring land. The
process by which they move or are moved from one property to the other
constitutes an escape under the rules” [emphasis in original]. Citing from the
judgment of the English Court of Appeal in Hale v Jennings Brothers [1938] 1
All ER 579, the High Court noted (at [9]):

…

The fundamental rule of the principle is that liability attaches because of
the occupier of land bringing on to the land something which is likely to
cause damage if it escapes.

I am of the opinion that damage and injury were foreseeable should the
defendant’s containers fall onto the neighbouring land, and thus the collapse
of the containers into the plaintiff’s premises attracted the application of
the rule in Rylands v Fletcher. Fault of the occupier was not an issue when
this rule applied. …

129 From the above passage, it can also be seen that foreseeability of damage
of the relevant type is a prerequisite of liability in damages under the Rule:
see Cambridge Water at 306 per Lord Goff of Chieveley.

130 As stated earlier, the blanket exclusion of independent contractors –
which applies in any consideration of vicarious liability in the tort of
negligence – does not operate in relation to private nuisance, including cases
falling within the parameters of the Rule. In Ho See Jui (trading as Xuanhua
Art Gallery) v Liquid Advertising Pte Ltd and another [2011] SGHC 108 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Tab O PBOA.

, for example, the first defendant was the occupier of second-floor office
premises in which it had procured the installation of a water dispensing unit
(“WDU”) by an independent contractor, the second defendant. The second
defendant was also contracted to maintain the WDU. On the first defendant’s
instructions, the second defendant installed the WDU in an area of the first
defendant’s unit (“the WDU Area”) where the flooring was made of timber
through which water could pass. It was not disputed that the maintenance
contract and the second defendant’s maintenance service orders carried the
disclaimer that the WDU should be installed at a wet pantry area – which the
WDU Area was not. In installing the WDU, the second defendant fitted a water
inlet hose to carry water to the WDU. Subsequently, the water inlet hose
ruptured and water leaking from it seeped through the timber flooring of the
second-floor unit into the plaintiff’s unit below. The plaintiff sued both
defendants in negligence and nuisance and also pursuant to the Rule for the
damage to his premises and to the paintings he had stored on his premises.
Expert evidence led during the trial showed that the water inlet hose had a
pre-existing fabrication defect in the form of two helical seam lines (“the
Helical Line Feature”); further, the said hose was unsafe for use with a WDU
because it was made of ester-based polyurethane which was susceptible to
degradation when exposed to water (a process known as hydrolysis). Based on
the expert’s evidence, the High Court found that both the Helical Line feature
and the hydrolytic degradation would not have been discovered on a reasonable
inspection. In holding the first defendant liable, inter alia, under the Rule,
the High Court held that “[a]lthough the use of a WDU, when viewed in the
abstract, appears to be a natural use of land, it was not a natural use in the
particular circumstances of this case. The placement of the WDU at the WDU
Area, when combined with the Helical Line Feature and the gradual hydrolytic
degradation of the Water Inlet Hose, made the use of this WDU a non-natural
use of the Second Floor Unit” (at [76]) 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

In this case, the High Court also found the first defendant liable in
negligence because it found on the facts that the first defendant “went beyond
simply engaging an independent contractor” (at [71]): it was the first
defendant who had expressly instructed the second defendant to install the WDU
at the WDU Area, despite there being a wet pantry area in its office premises
and despite having been put on notice that the WDU should be installed in a
wet pantry area.

.

Applying the general principles to the present case

131 In examining the 1st Defendant’s liability for private nuisance earlier, I
have explained why I found that the 1st Defendant ought to have known that the
A&A works it had commissioned at the rear of its property included hot works.
On the present facts, I found that the hot works which produced sparks or
molten globules amounted to a non-natural use of the land. These sparks were
something which in the “natural condition” of the land were “not in or upon
it” (see [125] above). They constituted a dangerous “thing” which posed an
exceptionally high risk to neighbouring property should they escape (see [126]
above); and there was indisputably an escape of these sparks onto the
Plaintiff’s property which caused a fire, wreaking extensive damage to the
Plaintiff’s property.

Liability in nuisance versus liability in negligence

132 I pause to note that Ross (the 1st Defendant’s chief executive) insisted
throughout his testimony that they had entrusted the A&A works to a contractor
to whom they had paid good money and whose experience they had trusted: it was
clear that Ross and no doubt Molly too baulked at the notion of the 1st
Defendant being held liable when theirs were not the hands that had wielded
the arc welding equipment. It might also be argued that if the 1st Defendant
were not liable in negligence, then it must follow logically that they could
not be held liable in nuisance or under the Rule. Such an argument would,
however, be fallacious. It must be remembered that the essence of property-
based torts such as nuisance is risk management in the use of one’s property.
As Lord Hobhouse observed in Transco (at [55]), the law of private nuisance
“reflects a social and economic utility”:

… The user of one piece of land is always liable to affect the users or owners
of other pieces of land. An escape of water originating on the former, or an
explosion, may devastate not only the land on which it originates but also
adjoining and more distant properties. The damage caused may be very serious
indeed both in physical and financial terms. There may be a serious risk that
if the user of the land, the use of which creates the risk, does not take
active and adequate steps to prevent escape, an escape may occur. The
situation is entirely under his control: other landowners have no control. In
such a situation, two types of solution might be adopted. One would be to
restrict the liberty of the user of the land, the source of the risk, to make
such use of his land as he chooses. The other is to impose a strict liability
on the landowner for the consequences of his exercising that liberty. The rule
[in Rylands v Fletcher] adopts the second type of solution as is clear from
the language used by Blackburn J …

[emphasis added]

133 In Gary Chan Kok Yew & Lee Pey Woan, The Law of Torts in Singapore
(Academy Publishing, 2011) (“The Law of Torts in Singapore”), the learned
authors explained the position in similar terms (at paras 09.080–09.083):

It is possible to succeed in both nuisance and negligence actions on the same
facts …

Nonetheless, nuisance and negligence are different torts. First, there is a
difference between the strict liability in nuisance and the concept of
reasonable care in negligence …

The concept of unreasonable interference in nuisance actions involves
balancing the factors relating to the defendant’s conduct as well as factors
impinging on the infringement of the plaintiff’s right to the use and
enjoyment of his land. In the tort of negligence, negligent conduct is
assessed from the perspective of the standard expected of a reasonable man in
the position of the defendant. Negligence is a defendant-oriented tort which
hinges on the nature of the defendant’s conduct whilst nuisance is a
plaintiff-oriented tort that focuses more on the plaintiff’s right to the use
and enjoyment of his land.

Nuisance is a land-based tort while negligence is not limited to claims
related to the infringement of land-based rights, but also applies to physical
damage to persons and chattels as well as economic loss. …

Whether damages for personal injuries may be recovered from a defendant found
liable in private nuisance and/or under the Rule

134 The above commentary segues into my next point. Based on existing textbook
and caselaw authorities, it would appear that damages for personal injuries
are not recoverable in nuisance and/or under the Rule. As stated earlier (at
[127]–[128]), the Rule has been treated by the English courts (and our local
courts) as a sub-species of the tort of nuisance, and the tort of nuisance is
a “tort based on the interference by one occupier of land with the right in or
enjoyment of land by another occupier of land as such” (Transco at [9], per
Lord Bingham). Accordingly, it has been held that a claim in nuisance and/or
under the Rule “cannot include a claim for death or personal injury, since
such a claim does not relate to any right in or enjoyment of land” (Transco at
[9]) 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

See also Lord Goff who held (at [35]) that “nuisance is a tort against land.
It must … follow that damages for personal injuries are not recoverable under
the rule.”

.

135 To be fair, it should also be noted that there is some academic commentary
suggesting that damages for personal injuries should be recoverable in an
action under the Rule: see for example The Law of Torts in Singapore at para
09.118. As the trial before me related to the issue of liability alone (the
issues of liability and damages having been bifurcated for the purposes of
trial), parties did not submit on the viability of the head of damages listed
in the statement of claim for the Plaintiff’s PTSD and panic disorder; nor did
I make any ruling on the issue. In delivering my decision, I did indicate to
parties that the recoverability or otherwise of damages for personal injuries
such as these would have to be addressed in the ensuing trial for the
assessment of damages.

The 1st Defendant’s complaint about lack of apportionment of liability between
itself and the 2nd Defendant

136 Finally, I note from the Notice of Appeal filed by the 1st Defendant that
it has complained about the lack of apportionment of liability between itself
and the 2nd Defendant. The issue of apportionment of liability was not raised
by either party in the course of the trial or in closing submissions. In any
event, for joint and several concurrent tortfeasors causing the same damage,
the general rule is that each tortfeasor is liable in full for the entire
damage suffered by the plaintiff, although the plaintiff is generally entitled
only to the recovery of one sum awarded as damages: see in this respect The
Law of Torts in Singapore at para 18.026.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judicial Commissioner

Appoo Ramesh and Vinodhan Gunasekaran (Just Law LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Chia Boon Teck and Ng Huan Yong (Chia Wong LLP) for the first defendant;  
The second defendant absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

