Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 48

Criminal Revision No 9 of 2018

Between

(1)| Lee Chen Seong Jeremy  
---|---  
(2)| Agnes Elizabeth So Siong Guat  
(3)| Khong Choun Guan  
  
… Petitioners

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Revision of proceedings] — [Section
370(1) Criminal Procedure Code]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lee Chen Seong Jeremy and others

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2019] SGHC 48

High Court — Criminal Revision No 9 of 2018  
See Kee Oon J  
21 November 2018; 6 December 2018

1 March 2019

See Kee Oon J:

1 Where a person or persons are suspected of having committed an offence, it
is commonplace for the police or the relevant law enforcement agencies to
seize property belonging to them for the purposes of assisting with those
investigations. The law enforcement agency does not, however, have the right
to hold on to the property indefinitely. Instead, s 370(1) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) regulates the procedure to be
taken by a law enforcement agency in reporting the seizure of the property to
a Magistrate. The relevant officer must either make a report to the Magistrate
once he considers that the property is not relevant for the purposes of any
investigation, pursuant to s 370(1)(a) CPC, or, if he considers the property
still to be relevant to ongoing investigations, he must make a report to the
Magistrate one year after the seizure, pursuant to s 370(1)(b) CPC. In the
latter case, the Magistrate may convene a hearing of the reporting if
necessary, permitting persons who have an interest in the property (the
“interested persons”) to attend and make representations. The Magistrate would
have to be satisfied that the property was indeed relevant for the purposes of
investigations in order for the continued seizure by the law enforcement
agency to be justified.

2 In this case, the property in question was considered to be relevant to
ongoing investigations which were not complete even after the one-year
deadline stipulated under s 370(1)(b) CPC (“the one-year deadline”) had
lapsed. The law enforcement officer made the relevant report pursuant to s
370(1)(b) CPC (“the s 370 Report”) to the Magistrate within the one-year
deadline. The petitioners indicated that they did not consent to the continued
seizure of the property. At the ensuing inter partes hearing, the Magistrate
was not persuaded that the s 370 Report was sufficient to justify the
continued seizure of the property. The law enforcement agency, assisted by the
Public Prosecutor, then sought to place additional material before the
Magistrate to supplement the report. I will refer to the law enforcement
agency and the Public Prosecutor collectively as “the prosecution”. When the
additional material still proved to be insufficient, the prosecution asked to
be heard ex parte to place yet more material before the Magistrate, even
though the inter partes hearing before the Magistrate had already commenced.

3 The petitioners argued that the Magistrate erred in admitting the additional
material, and also in indicating that she was prepared to hear the prosecution
ex parte. The thrust of the petitioners’ arguments was that if the Magistrate
was not satisfied by the material in the s 370 Report, she should have ordered
the release of the seized property. The petitioners therefore filed this
criminal revision, seeking this Court’s intervention in the proceedings.

4 This criminal revision raised novel questions of law relating to the
reporting procedure for seized property under s 370(1)(b) CPC, in particular,
whether fresh material could be admitted to supplement the report put before
the Magistrate, and whether the prosecution was entitled to be heard ex parte
after the inter partes hearing had begun. As regards the specific facts of
this case itself, the parties also agreed that the High Court could, in the
exercise of its revisionary jurisdiction, step into the shoes of the
Magistrate and determine whether the property seized here was indeed relevant
for the purposes of investigations.

5 I allowed the criminal revision, and ordered that the seized property be
released to the petitioners, being the persons entitled to their possession. I
indicated at the time of giving my oral decision that full grounds would be
furnished in due course. These grounds are set out below.

Facts

6 The petitioners are three individuals who were involved in the management of
certain companies, in particular, companies in the “Sourcelink” and “Canaan”
groups of companies.

7 The property in question, chiefly comprising company files and various
electronic devices, was seized by the police on 6 June 2017 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 1st Affidavit (27 August 2018) at para 5.

pursuant to investigations commenced by the Commercial Affairs Department of
the Singapore Police Force (“CAD”) into offences committed under the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) and the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 1st Affidavit (27 August 2018) at p 17–18.

Although there were three petitioners involved in this case, the
investigations were substantively directed at only the first petitioner, Mr
Lee Chen Seong Jeremy (“Mr Lee”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 1st Affidavit (27 August 2018) at p 38, see para 1 of
the s 370 Report.

8 On 5 April 2018, the CAD wrote to Mr Lee, asking for his consent to CAD’s
continued seizure and retention of the seized property. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 1st Affidavit (27 August 2018) at para 6.

Mr Lee responded through his solicitors, M/s Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP, who
wrote on behalf of all the petitioners on 12 April 2018 and 17 April 2018 to
inform the CAD that the petitioners did not give consent. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 1st Affidavit (27 August 2018) at paras 7–8.

9 On 6 June 2018, the CAD filed the s 370 Report pursuant to s 370(1)(b) CPC.
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 1st Affidavit (27 August 2018) at p 38.

It appeared that no charges had been brought against any of the petitioners by
this time. The prosecution took the position that the property was still
relevant for the purposes of investigations. The s 370 Report stated that “CAD
is investigating into possible offences under Sections 406 and 420 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224), Section 148(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50) and Section
35(1) of the Business Names Registration Act by Jeremy Lee Chen Seong”, and
further stated that “[i]nvestigations are on-going”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

S 370 Report at para 1.

10 The CAD amended the s 370 Report on 2 July 2018 (“the amended s 370
Report”). The amendments were mostly of a clerical nature, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 1st Affidavit (27 August 2018) at para 9; see also p
44 for the Report.

and involved the correction of some typographical errors in the s 370 Report,
the removal of five items wrongly included in the tables of items seized, and
the inclusion of five items the s 370 Report failed initially to describe.

11 The reporting of the seizure under s 370 CPC was heard inter partes by the
Magistrate on 19 July 2018. Before the hearing, the prosecution filed a fresh
Annex to the amended s 370 Report (“the Annex”) which gave more details as to
how the items seized were relevant to the criminal investigations. This Annex
should not be confused with the annex that was part of the s 370 Report or the
amended s 370 Report. The Annex stated that “[between] 9 June 2014 and 8 March
2016, CAD received complaints against Jeremy Lee Chen Seong, alleging that he
had contravened offences under the Companies Act and Penal Code”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 1st Affidavit (27 August 2018) at p 58, para 2.

The specific allegations were that he had (1) “cheated an investor into
investing in Canaan Medical Pte Ltd”; (2) “misappropriated monies from Mobdown
Pte Ltd”; and (3) “managed companies/businesses while being an undischarged
bankrupt.” 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 1st Affidavit (27 August 2018) at p 58, para 3.

The Annex reiterated that investigations were ongoing.

12 The Magistrate indicated at the hearing on 19 July 2018 that she had
“difficulty” determining the relevance of the seized property to the
investigations on the material before her, ie, the amended s 370 Report and
the fresh Annex. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NE, 19 July 2018 at p 16 line 4 (Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 2nd Affidavit, 7
November 2018, at p 24).

The prosecution then asked to be heard ex parte. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE, 19 July 2018 at p 16 lines 9–10 (Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 2nd Affidavit, 7
November 2018, at p 24).

The petitioners objected to this because the parties were already being heard
inter partes. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE, 19 July 2018 at p 17 lines 1–10 (Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 2nd Affidavit, 7
November 2018, at p 25).

The Magistrate decided to adjourn the proceedings, allow the prosecution to
prepare the ex parte report, and then hear the parties again on whether the
prosecution should be allowed to be heard ex parte at this stage in the
proceedings. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE, 19 July 2018 at p 19 lines 5–18 (Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 2nd Affidavit, 7
November 2018, at p 27).

The proceedings were adjourned to 17 August 2018.

13 Before the adjourned hearing, the prosecution decided of its own accord to
file an addendum to the amended s 370 Report (“the Addendum”) on 15 August
2018. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 1st Affidavit (27 August 2018) at p 65.

This Addendum was made available to the petitioners. The Addendum furnished
yet more information concerning the CAD investigations. In particular,
paragraph 3 of the Addendum gave more details of the offences Mr Lee was being
investigated for, while paragraph 4 specified that the items were seized
because “they are believed to constitute evidence of the above offences and
therefore relevant to [CAD’s] investigations”. The original annex to the
amended s 370 Report was also updated to “show the relevance of each item to
the offence that is being investigated”; a new column was inserted to the
right of the tables attributing the items seized to offences committed under
the Penal Code, Business Names Registration Act 2014 (No 29 of 2014) or the
Companies Act.

14 At the adjourned hearing on 17 August 2018, the petitioners vigorously
objected to the prosecution having filed the Addendum on its own motion. The
petitioners also argued that the Magistrate was not entitled to have reference
to either the Annex or the Addendum, as both had been filed outside the one-
year deadline. The Magistrate decided that she could have sight of the
Addendum. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE, 17 August 2018 at p 9 lines 9–12 (Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 2nd Affidavit, 7
November 2018, at p 43).

She made it explicitly clear, however, that she had not requested for
information to be put in on an ex parte basis, and that she had instead
indicated at the hearing on 19 July 2018 that the prosecution should consider
whether it could provide information on an inter partes basis, thus obviating
the need for an ex parte hearing. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE, 17 August 2018 at pp 9 line 32 to 10 line 9 (Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 2nd
Affidavit, 7 November 2018, at pp 43–44).

15 The prosecution, for its part, indicated that it had placed all relevant
material before the court, and was content for the matter to proceed on an
inter partes basis. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE, 17 August 2018 at p 14 lines 3–9 (Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 2nd Affidavit, 7
November 2018, at p 48).

The Magistrate was not persuaded that even the amended s 370 Report with its
Annex and Addendum was sufficient to satisfy her of the continued relevance of
the seized property to the CAD’s investigations. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE, 17 August 2018 at p 28 lines 10–29 (Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 2nd Affidavit,
7 November 2018, at p 62).

The prosecution then made an application to place additional information
before the Magistrate on an ex parte basis. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE, 17 August 2018 at p 29 lines 3–4 (Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 2nd Affidavit, 7
November 2018, at p 63).

The petitioners also objected to this, not only on the basis that the
prosecution had no right to make ex parte applications once the inter partes
hearing had begun, but also because it had forsaken any such right, having
stated its willingness for the matter to proceed inter partes. The Magistrate
ultimately decided that she could hear the prosecution ex parte even though
the inter partes hearing had begun. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE, 17 August 2018 at pp 35 line 31 to 36 line 6 (Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 2nd
Affidavit, 7 November 2018, at pp 69–70).

The petitioners then indicated that they would be applying to the High Court
for a criminal revision of the proceedings below.

16 The petitioners duly filed the petition for criminal revision on 27 August
2018.

17 The parties appeared before me on 21 November 2018 for the hearing of the
criminal revision.

The parties’ cases

18 I will now summarise the parties’ cases as drawn from both their written
and oral arguments as they stood at the time of the hearing before me on 21
November 2018. Some additional material was placed before me after 21 November
2018, of which I shall elaborate further below at [33] to [38].

The petitioners’ arguments

19 The petitioners made five arguments in this criminal revision.

20 First, they argued that the Magistrate erred as a matter of law when she
decided to admit and consider the Annex and Addendum, seeing as both were
filed out of time. Their position was that s 370 of the CPC imposed a long-
stop one-year deadline, or, as they more colourfully put it, a one-year
“guillotine”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Petitioners’ Submissions at para 33.

21 Second, they argued that the Magistrate erred when she failed to
immediately order the release of the seized property even though she was not
satisfied that the prosecution had demonstrated a sufficient basis for their
continued seizure. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Petitioners’ Submissions at para 38.

Instead, she had surrendered her judgment and pre-judged the matter in favour
of the prosecution by repeatedly asking the prosecution for “a way forward”.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Petitioners’ Submissions at para 39.

22 Third, the petitioners argued that Magistrate erred when she held that the
prosecution was entitled to attend before the court on an ex parte basis. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Petitioners’ Submissions at para 43.

There was no room for the prosecution to be heard on an ex parte basis once
the inter partes hearing had commenced, because the procedure for s 370
hearings set out by the Court of Appeal in Mustafa Ahunbay v Public Prosecutor
[2015] 2 SLR 903 (“Mustafa Ahunbay”) contemplated ex parte hearings being
allowed only if they took place before the inter partes hearing. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Petitioners’ Submissions at para 43.

23 Fourth, they argued that the Magistrate’s decision was tainted by apparent
bias. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Petitioners’ Submissions at paras 48–50.

In essence, it was submitted that the Magistrate displayed apparent bias or
prejudgment when she refused to order the release of the seized property even
though she was not satisfied that the amended s 370 Report taken together with
the Annex and Addendum provided a sufficient basis for continued seizure of
the property. The petitioners also argued that the circumstances in which the
Annex was placed before the Magistrate were suggestive of apparent bias,
because it had been put forward pursuant to queries made by the Magistrate in
advance of the 19 July hearing itself, and the prosecution had initially
refused to make those queries available to the petitioners, although they
ultimately did so after this Court asked for the queries to be disclosed (see
[33]–[36] below).

24 Fifth, the petitioners invited the High Court to step into the shoes of the
Magistrate and substantively determine whether the CAD should be allowed to
retain the seized property. The petitioners submitted that this Court should
only look at the s 370 Report in doing so, and should find that the report was
too bare to support the continued retention of the property. Even if this
Court also considered the Report with the Annex and Addendum, however, it was
the petitioners’ case that those three documents collectively would still be
insufficient to support the continued retention of the property.

The prosecution’s arguments

25 The prosecution’s arguments are set out below.

26 First, the prosecution submitted that the Magistrate was correct to admit
and consider the Annex and the Addendum. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at paras 33–34.

The essential point was that the Magistrate, in discharging her judicial
function, was entitled to make enquiries. The prosecution would have to answer
those queries, if need be, by placing fresh information before her. The
prosecution also pointed out that in previous cases dealing with s 370 CPC
applications, additional reports beyond the initial s 370 report had been
filed, apparently without comment or criticism by the High Court or the Court
of Appeal. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at paras 35–37.

27 Second, the prosecution submitted that the Magistrate was correct in
finding that she had the discretion to permit the prosecution to be heard ex
parte even though the second hearing on 17 August 2018 had proceeded on an
inter partes basis. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 43.

The prosecution could attend before the Magistrate ex parte where the public
interest required that sensitive information which might prejudice criminal
investigations should not be disclosed. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 42.

Following from their first argument, if the Magistrate’s questions
necessitated the prosecution providing fresh information of a sensitive nature
in response, then it naturally followed that the prosecution would present
that information to the Magistrate, but only in an ex parte setting.

28 Third, the prosecution submitted that the discretion to hear the
prosecution ex parte was exercised correctly in the instant case. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 49.

The Magistrate had posed queries, and the prosecution had done their best to
answer those queries, first by furnishing the Annex and Addendum, and when
that proved not to be enough, by requesting to place additional information
before her ex parte.

29 Fourth, the prosecution argued that the Magistrate did not display any
apparent bias. Her decisions to admit the Annex and Addendum were correct in
law, as was her decision to exercise her discretion to hear the prosecution ex
parte. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 50.

30 Fifth, the prosecution disputed that the High Court’s revisionary
jurisdiction was properly invoked. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 51.

The mere fact that the petitioners did not have access to their seized
property did not meet the relevant threshold of “serious injustice”. The
injustice the petitioners might have suffered was in not having copies of
company documents to make their tax filings. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 52.

The prosecution, however, had offered the petitioners the opportunity to make
copies and the petitioners had declined, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 53.

which showed that they had not truly suffered injustice to begin with.

31 Sixth, if this Court did find that the threshold for its revisionary
jurisdiction had been crossed, then the prosecution agreed that this Court
ought to substantively determine in the revision itself whether the CAD ought
to be allowed to retain the seized property.

32 In this regard, the prosecution’s case was that the material in the amended
s 370 Report, Annex and Addendum was sufficient to demonstrate the relevance
of the seized property to investigations. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 56.

In substantively determining this application, the Court should also have
regard to the fact that the seized property was suspected to constitute
evidence of an offence and, on that premise, must necessarily be relevant to
the investigations. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 60.

In any event, the prosecution relied on a further affidavit by Mr Neo Tzu Yang
Eugene (“Mr Eugene Neo”), the Head of CAD’s Private Institutional Fraud Branch
I, which gave an update on the status of the investigations following the
hearings before the Magistrate on 19 July and 17 August respectively. Mr Neo
stated that the property seized from the petitioners continued to be relevant
for the purposes of investigations. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See Affidavit of Neo Tzu Yang Eugene (9 November 2018) at para 5.

Thus, this Court should hold that the seized property was indeed relevant to
those investigations and not order their release.

Events after the 21 November 2018 hearing

33 Having adjourned after the hearing and in the course of reviewing the
parties’ submissions, I was of the view that insufficient explanation had been
given by the prosecution as to the nature or extent of the queries made that
led to the prosecution putting in the Annex in advance of the 19 July hearing.
The prosecution did not dispute that the queries were made, but offered no
elaboration on this point during the hearing before me.

34 I therefore directed by a letter to the prosecution on 28 November 2018
that clarifications be provided as to who had sent the queries to CAD, the
medium through which the queries were made, and precisely what queries had
been made. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

See Court’s Letter to AGC dated 28 November 2018.

35 The prosecution replied by letter on 3 December 2018 indicating that the
queries were sent by a court officer from the State Courts, via Skype direct
message over the government intranet to a CAD officer. The queries stated: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

See AGC’s letter dated 3 December 2018.

there is no facts stated in the report

the report only states the items to be retained

but not background information of the case

is it possible to upload it before 1030 and inform me?

36 The prosecution’s letter was also made available to the petitioners. By a
letter dated 3 December 2018, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

See R&T’s Letter to the Court dated 3 December 2018.

the petitioners’ counsel wrote to the High Court arguing that this was further
evidence supporting the petitioners’ case on apparent bias. These were private
communications between the court and the prosecution, which the petitioners
were not privy to, and which therefore attracted suspicions of bias. Moreover,
these communications showed that the Magistrate had pointed out the
inadequacies of the s 370 Report to the prosecution in advance of the hearing
where she would have to decide the very question whether the Report was
adequate. This suggested that she was not disinterested in the matter.

37 The prosecution replied by way of a letter dated 4 December 2018. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

See AGC’s Letter to the Court dated 4 December 2018.

The prosecution argued that the queries were consistent with the concerns that
the Magistrate had openly expressed at the 19 July hearing itself, so no
reasonable fair-minded and informed observer would have thought that the
Magistrate had pre-judged the matter in the prosecution’s favour. The
Magistrate was simply asking whether the facts and background information of
the case could have been included; she could not have known how the
prosecution would respond.

38 I took these arguments into account in arriving at my decision in this
criminal revision.

Issues to be determined

39 Having regard to the issues stated in the Petition for Criminal Revision,
and also to the parties’ arguments, five issues fell for determination by this
Court:

(a) First, what is the significance of the one-year deadline? In particular,
can the Magistrate receive additional information in the form of further
documents and other material being filed out of time to supplement a s 370
report filed within the one-year deadline?

(b) Second, is the Magistrate entitled to hear the prosecution ex parte once
the hearing on the reporting of the seizure under s 370 CPC has proceeded on
an inter partes basis?

(c) Third, did the Magistrate err in this case when she admitted and
considered the Annex and Addendum, and consented to hear the Prosecution ex
parte, if the s 370 Report itself was insufficient to justify the continued
retention of the seized property? A related issue was whether she had
demonstrated a closed mind or prejudged the issue thus tainting her decision
with apparent bias, although as I shall explain subsequently, it became
unnecessary to make findings on this issue.

(d) Fourth, has the threshold for the exercise of this Court’s revisionary
jurisdiction been crossed?

(e) Fifth, if the Court’s revisionary jurisdiction has been properly invoked,
what is this Court’s determination as to the continued retention of the seized
property?

40 Issues (a) and (b) are questions of law and general principle, whereas
issues (c), (d) and (e) concern the specific facts of this particular case.

Issue 1: whether fresh material can be admitted to supplement the s 370 report
after the one-year deadline has passed

41 The first and most important issue in this application concerns the
significance to be given to the one-year deadline spelt out in s 370(1)(b).

42 The relevant sections of s 370 CPC provide:

Procedure governing seizure of property

370.—(1) If a law enforcement officer seizes any property in the exercise of
any power under section 35 or 78, the law enforcement officer must make a
report of the seizure to the relevant court at the earlier of the following
times:

(a) when the law enforcement officer considers that the property is not
relevant for the purposes of any investigation, inquiry, trial or other
proceeding under any written law;

(b) one year after the date of seizure of the property.

(2) Subject to subsection (3), and to any provisions on forfeiture,
confiscation, destruction or delivery in any other written law under which
property may be seized, the relevant court must, upon receiving a report
mentioned in subsection (1), make such of the following orders as may be
applicable:

…

(b) in any case where the relevant court is satisfied that an offence was
committed in respect of the property, or that the property was used or
intended to be used to commit an offence – such order as the relevant court
thinks fit for the disposal of the property;

…

(e) in any other case, an order relating to –

(i) the delivery of the property to the person entitled to the possession of
the property; or

(ii) if that person cannot be ascertained, the custody and production of the
property.

(3) The relevant court must not dispose of the property if –

(a) there is any pending court proceeding under any written law in relation to
the property; or

(b) the relevant court is satisfied that the property is relevant for the
purposes of any investigation, inquiry, trial or other proceeding under any
written law.

43 It has been noted in case law that s 370 CPC itself does not set out the
procedure for the reporting of a seizure to the Magistrate’s Court. The Court
of Appeal in Mustafa Ahunbay has instead provided guidance at [81] as to the
procedure, although most of the questions in the criminal reference in Mustafa
Ahunbay do not concern us. The relevant paragraph is reproduced here:

81 There is no guidance from the statutory provision or case law on this
issue. But generally, the court and the authorities should take a practical
approach having regard to the particular facts and circumstances of the case.
… [W]e find the following procedure appropriate:

(a) The police officer should take a view as to whether the disclosure of the
investigation report will prejudice investigations.

(b) Where there is no such prejudice, the police officer should extend the
investigation report to the persons entitled to the right to be heard.
Thereafter, if objection is taken by such persons as regards the continued
seizure of the property, the Magistrate may, if he thinks it necessary, direct
those persons to state the basis of their objections by way of affidavit.

(c) If the police take the view that there will be prejudice, the police (or
the Prosecution) must first attend an ex parte hearing before the Magistrate
to satisfy the Magistrate that the balance of the two competing interests
militates against full disclosure of the investigation report. Persons with
the right to be heard will be informed that such an ex parte hearing is taking
place (see Regina v Davis [1993] 1 WLR 613).

(d) The police will need to show that there is a reasonable basis for denying
disclosure, by furnishing cogent evidence that disclosure of the investigation
report carries a reasonable prospect of prejudice to the proper administration
of criminal justice.

(e) At the ex parte hearing, the Magistrate can make three possible orders:

(i) the Magistrate may take the view that the public interest does not prevent
the investigation report (or any information asked of the police) from being
disclosed. The matter should then be dealt with as set out in [81(b)].

(ii) The Magistrate may take the view that the public interest prevents some,
but not all, of the contents of the investigation report from being disclosed.
The Magistrate may then order appropriate redactions to be made to the
investigation report before it is disclosed to the persons with the right to
be heard. The same procedure as set out in [81(b)] will apply, save for the
redactions made.

(iii) The Magistrate may take the view that the public interest prevents the
entire investigation report from being disclosed. In such a situation, the
persons with the right to be heard must be notified of this decision.

(f) Where the Magistrate takes the position that either some or all of the
investigation report should not be disclosed to the parties, the following
information should nevertheless be disclosed:

(i) a description of the property seized;

(ii) the date the property was seized;

(iii) the person from whom the property was seized, and the person’s
connection to the seized property; and

(iv) a brief explanation of the basis for the seizure.

(g) Where persons with the right to be heard are dissatisfied with the
Magistrate’s decision at the ex parte hearing, it is open to them to challenge
that decision by way of criminal revision. However, the investigation report
should not be disclosed to such persons for the purposes of the criminal
revision.

(h) At any stage of the proceeding where the police and/or the Prosecution
believe that an ex parte hearing is no longer necessary, an inter partes
hearing should be conducted.

44 The Court of Appeal’s guidance does not address the question before the
Court now, which concerns how material sought to be admitted after the one-
year deadline should be treated by the Magistrate. But this is not surprising
because this question was not before the Court of Appeal. I turn now to the
parties’ arguments.

45 The petitioners placed heavy emphasis on the text of s 370(1)(b) CPC
itself, where it is stated that “the law enforcement officer must make a
report of the seizure to the relevant court … one year after the date of
seizure of the property”. The petitioners submitted that the statutory
framework envisions one comprehensive report being submitted by that time, not
an initial report that serves purely as a temporary makeweight filed in time
to meet the statutory requirement, with the prosecution then being free to
supplement that anchor report with fresh material as and when required or
asked to do so. The petitioners argued that such an approach permitting
information to be drip-fed to the Magistrate would allow the law enforcement
authority to circumvent the one-year deadline. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Petitioners’ Submissions at para 35.

In the interests of justice and fairness, there must be finality at some point
in time, and statute has only specified one point in time: the one-year mark.

46 The prosecution’s case, on the other hand, was that where the Magistrate
has queries, the prosecution should be allowed to meet those queries by filing
additional material. It is part of the Magistrate’s judicial function under s
370 CPC to make “sufficient enquiry” as to the relevance of the seized
property to investigations. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 28.

If the prosecution were to be denied the opportunity to present fresh material
that meets the Magistrate’s concerns and answers the Magistrate’s queries,
that would effectively disregard the Magistrate’s judicial function under s
370 CPC. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 34.

There would then be no purpose in the Magistrate asking for clarification.
Additional reports were filed out of time in the earlier s 370 decisions in
Mustafa Ahunbay and Rajendar Prasad Rai and another v Public Prosecutor and
another matter [2017] 4 SLR 333 (“Rajendar Prasad”) without adverse comment;
that practice should be upheld here. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at paras 35–37.

Further, an analogy may be drawn with a Mandatory Treatment Order (“MTO”)
suitability report filed by an IMH psychiatrist in the context of s 339 CPC.
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 39.

The CPC provides that such reports are “final and conclusive”, but the High
Court has since clarified that this does not mean that the courts are
precluded from seeking clarifications of the report if it is unclear.
Similarly, if the Magistrate finds the material in the s 370 report to be
insufficient, the Magistrate can ask questions and the prosecution can provide
answers, utilising fresh material if it must.

47 In my view, the petitioners’ arguments were persuasive. The language of s
370 CPC is clear that there is only to be “a report”. The plain meaning of
that phrase is that there is only to be one report. The prosecution did not
challenge this before me. Indeed, by the very way it labelled the documents it
subsequently filed as an “Annex” and an “Addendum” to the s 370 Report, it was
clear that the prosecution at least accepted – even if only implicitly – that
there could ultimately only be one report considered by the Magistrate.

48 The question that followed was what was to comprise that “one report”.
Could an “annex” or “addendum” filed out of time conveniently latch on to the
s 370 report that was filed in time and be considered as part of the whole? In
my view, this could not be allowed. There were two reasons for this.

49 First, the statutory language is clear that a single, entire report was to
be filed within the one-year mark. This could only be right, because to accept
a bare-bones initial or “holding” report to be filed in time, and thus serve
as an anchor for ancillary documents or reports to latch on to, would be to
allow the prosecution to effectively extend the statutory deadline at their
will. This would make a mockery of the exercise of judicial oversight by the
Magistrate.

50 Second, whether a report is substantively complete is a matter of substance
and not form. To call something a report and something else an “annex” or
“addendum” to that report is merely a matter of labelling. To allow annexes
and addenda to be added to flesh out bare initial reports would completely
dilute the requirement that the report be filed within one year. A report in
name only might be filed before that one-year deadline, only to be fleshed out
subsequently in other documents like an annex or addendum that may be filed at
the prosecution’s discretion. This, too, would undermine the statutory
framework, and effectively allow the prosecution to extend the deadline,
subject only to the court’s stipulation of some further deadline(s).

51 I note that to its credit the prosecution did not submit that as a matter
of general principle it was entitled to file any amount of additional material
at any such time as it pleased. The nuance the prosecution introduced,
however, was that it was the Magistrate who had asked for further information,
and that it had merely responded to those queries by adducing fresh material.
On this view, it was not the prosecution that had sought to extend any
deadlines. I will examine this argument in greater detail now.

52 The prosecution suggested that the Magistrate in the exercise of her
judicial function must be able to make “sufficient enquiry” and receive a
satisfactory response, which response might entail the prosecution putting in
fresh material. Hence the extension of time to file the additional documents
or provide fresh information was a natural and unavoidable consequence of the
Magistrate discharging her duty to make sufficient enquiry. There was an
intuitive appeal to this argument, but I must first pause to note that nowhere
in Mustafa Ahunbay did the Court of Appeal say that the judicial function of
the Magistrate involved the making of “sufficient enquiry”: see [43] above.

53 I accepted, however, that it was part of the ordinary exercise of
consideration and judgment that a judge might seek clarification on some
matters in the report, and that this was properly within her judicial
function. The tension that arose in the s 370 CPC context was whether
permitting the Magistrate to ask further questions and receive fresh material
was consistent with two competing and important interests; first, in having
finality as to whether the seized property should be retained by law
enforcement, and second, fairness to those with a right to be heard. Finality
was a consideration chiefly because of the one-year reporting deadline
mandated by s 370(1) CPC. And fairness was a concern because each new delay
would be at the expense of the rights of interested persons, and also because
the right of such persons to be informed of the case they had to meet would be
undermined if the case for the prosecution kept shifting, and in all
likelihood, expanding.

54 I determined that the interests of finality should prevail in the s 370
context, and the Magistrate should not be permitted to ask such further
questions as would elicit the introduction of fresh material by the
prosecution. This qualification was important because it was not the case that
the Magistrate was not entitled to ask any questions; instead, whatever
questions that were asked ought not to be viewed as an invitation or basis for
the prosecution to tender fresh material. The exercise of the Magistrate’s
judicial function should be confined to inspecting, examining, and asking
questions of the material already before her.

55 To accept the prosecution’s approach would potentially result in
unjustifiable delay. On the prosecution’s approach, the prosecution would have
the option of responding orally, or of putting in fresh documentation, as long
as the Magistrate finds that the s 370 report is inadequate. The s 370 hearing
itself tends to take place one or two months after the filing of the report,
as was the case in Mustafa Ahunbay and Rajendar Prasad, and in this case as
well. Even assuming for the sake of argument that it is only a “routine” or
straightforward case that is being investigated and reported, and that the
information is not sensitive and does not require the prosecution to be heard
ex parte (a procedure which would require additional time, on which more will
be said below at [87]), the new material that is introduced would nevertheless
have to be considered afresh, and presumably also be addressed by the
interested persons. This would take yet more time, with the real prospect of
the hearing being adjourned. And there would be nothing to stop the Magistrate
from asking yet more questions at the adjourned hearing. So a hearing that
would already take place sometime after the filing of the report could be
delayed yet again: there would be considerable uncertainty as to when the s
370 application will be fully and substantively determined.

56 This concern as to delay was particularly acute because even where
extensions of time are given for s 370 CPC cases, the normal extension asked
for and granted is a six-month extension. So delay in the matter of months, as
has occurred here and would likely occur if the prosecution’s approach was
adopted, could not lightly be condoned. After all, as the Court of Appeal
noted in Mustafa Ahunbay, the grace period of one year for the law enforcement
agency to make sufficient progress in its investigations “cannot be regarded
by any measure as being too brief”: at [47].

57 The prosecution’s response was to emphasise the concern that criminal
investigations not be unduly hampered. The prosecution emphasised that a
reporting of a seizure under s 370 CPC is unlike the determination of the
rights of the parties in a civil trial, or the determination of guilt in a
criminal matter. In the case of a s 370 CPC reporting, there would be an
ongoing criminal investigation undertaken by a law enforcement authority. A
Magistrate ought to be allowed to make enquiries and receive fresh material to
have the fullest sense of how the investigations are proceeding, otherwise
ongoing criminal investigations would be hampered and obstructed.

58 In my view, however, this reasoning was somewhat circular. The question
whether or not the seized property was relevant to an ongoing criminal
investigation is precisely the question at the heart of the s 370 reporting
procedure. The prosecution had to satisfy the Magistrate that this was the
case. If the prosecution failed to include sufficient material in the s 370
report, this would mean that the Magistrate was not satisfied, which logically
carried the implication that she did not think there were ongoing
investigations to which the seized property was relevant. It is obviously not
the court’s objective to hamper or curtail ongoing criminal investigations.
But it is the prosecution’s obligation and burden to satisfy the Magistrate,
after the one-year deadline is up, that there are indeed investigations which
have taken place for which the seized property is relevant, and for which
purposes continued seizure is therefore justified.

59 I would also make the separate point that adopting the prosecution’s
approach would be to incentivise the making of only a bare s 370 report. Faced
with such a report, the Magistrate would obviously ask for more information.
If that information still does not prove to be enough, the Magistrate may well
ask again for more information. This can lead to an undesirable situation
where material would be surfaced ad hoc through a piecemeal approach, with no
definite end point in sight. To my mind, this would not be consistent with the
reporting procedure set out by the Court of Appeal in Mustafa Ahunbay.

60 A possible solution might be to administratively specify a deadline beyond
which no new material might be received. This would have been fairly obvious
and logical, but it could not be satisfactorily adopted here for two reasons.

61 First, as a matter of principle, any deadline the Magistrate imposed in
this context would be arbitrary. It finds no basis in the statute, and indeed,
amounts to judicially working around the one-year deadline for reporting the
seizure. I accepted that there was no statutory deadline for a hearing, but if
fresh material was added to supplement the initial report it was difficult to
see that otherwise than as extending the reporting deadline.

62 Second, in practical terms, any fresh deadline would in all likelihood be
after the first hearing of the matter, because that would be the first
occasion on which the Magistrate would comment on the adequacy of the report.
As noted earlier, this hearing typically takes place a month or two after the
report is filed. Even assuming that at most one month more was permitted for
the fresh material to be provided, this still has the effect of prolonging a
reporting deadline of one year into something akin to one year and three
months. This duration will have come about not because the Magistrate was
satisfied that an extension of time was warranted; in fact, it is precisely
the opposite as it will have come about because she was not satisfied. Viewed
in this light, an effectively automatic extension in this nature should not be
adopted.

63 Further, another important objection to allowing the Magistrate to ask
further questions or to receive further information from the prosecution that
required fresh material being put in was that this would effectively amount to
the Magistrate shifting the timeline solely for the benefit of the
prosecution. If the Magistrate had questions for the prosecution that
necessitated the introduction of fresh material, that logically meant that the
material before her was insufficient. The prosecution would effectively be
able to have a second, third, or fourth bite at the cherry, and so on. After
all, any augmentation of material by the prosecution would only be done with
the intention of fortifying its case. But this was overly generous to the
prosecution, bearing in mind the substantial period of one year that had
elapsed. And it correspondingly prejudiced the interested persons’ rights to
be heard, because the case they would have to meet would always be shifting.
In this sense, the timeline would be indeterminate, and only ever shifting in
the prosecution’s favour.

64 Indeed, under such an approach, the one-year deadline would become
superfluous: so long as the Magistrate keeps asking questions, and the
prosecution keeps surfacing fresh material apparently in response to those
questions, the proceedings could be extended indefinitely. This was not
satisfactory. The reporting procedure under s 370 CPC is an area of the law
where statute is less than comprehensive. The court must therefore be all the
more acutely sensitive to the principles of natural justice. In this light,
the prosecution’s approach would undermine the principle that justice must not
only be done, but must be seen to be done. The Magistrate by admitting fresh
material in the manner suggested by the prosecution – even in response to her
queries or concerns – would create the unfortunate appearance of the court
bending over backwards, possibly more than once in each case, to extend the
prosecution a lifeline and plug the gaps each time they are found. The result
is not only a possible spiral into delay, but also an unjust extension of time
purely for the purposes (both real and perceived) of helping the prosecution
make its case.

65 It could be said that one way to stem this spiral would be to permit fresh
material to be placed before the Magistrate only where she asks for specific
material. But the obvious deficiency with this approach is that the Magistrate
cannot know what to ask for in the first place. If the s 370 report is
inadequate and lacking in details, the most the Magistrate can do – as the
Magistrate did here – is to ask for more details. And as the Magistrate here
rightly pointed out, she could not ask the prosecution to put in specific
material because she did not have enough information about the investigations
on which to form a basis to ask specific questions, or ask for specific
material, in the first place. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE, 17 August 2018 at pp 26 lines 14–30 (Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 2nd
Affidavit, 7 November 2018, at p 60).

So placing the burden on the Magistrate to ask for specific material is an
illusory safeguard. The better approach would be for the Magistrate to confine
her questions, and the prosecution confine its responses, to information that
is either present in or closely connected to the material in the s 370 Report.

66 A different point might be made that in the intervening time between the
report being filed and the hearing, additional progress might have been made
in investigations further justifying the retention of the seized property. The
Magistrate should be entitled to have the most updated information about the
progress of investigations at the hearing, which thus justifies the admission
of fresh material to supplement the report. The problem, however, is that this
could be used to sidestep the statutory reporting deadline. Such reasoning
supports what would be, in effect, a reporting deadline on a rolling basis,
tied to the date of the hearing, or, if additional questions are asked that
necessitate the introduction of further material, the adjourned hearing, and
so on and so forth. This is not what the statutory framework contemplates.

67 The question might then be asked – how can the prosecution adequately
respond to the Magistrate’s queries? The short point is that the prosecution
can still respond and elaborate orally, and thereby seek to persuade the
Magistrate of its case. The limitation it faces, however, is that it would not
be allowed to tender fresh material, whether as an “annex” or “addendum” or
whatever other label might be used. Viewed objectively, interested persons
might similarly face a challenge in responding to new points raised by the
prosecution in oral submissions before the Magistrate. I considered, however,
that the new points would not be outside the realm of reasonable contemplation
if the inquiry was confined to the material in the s 370 report. Interested
persons should thus have been prepared to respond accordingly in any event.

68 In my view, the approach I have adopted conduces towards greater certainty
and finality, and is fairer both to those with a right to be heard and to law
enforcement. The relevant law enforcement agency will have had one year to
make progress in its investigations. It is not too onerous to expect that
after one year, enough information ought to have been obtained and sufficient
material included in the s 370 report for the Magistrate to be satisfied of
the need for the continued retention of the property for the purposes of
investigations. Interested persons would also have been deprived of the
property for a year, which is not a brief period at all. They are entitled to
have certainty that when the s 370 application finally comes to be heard
before the Magistrate, there will be an expeditious hearing and decision on
the question whether the property should continue to be retained by the law
enforcement agencies.

69 For the foregoing reasons, I took the view that in the interests of
finality and fairness, there should be one comprehensive report filed within
the one-year deadline, with no fresh material to be admitted thereafter. I
will now also address each of the prosecution’s arguments to show why they do
not undermine my approach.

70 The prosecution’s first argument, that the Magistrate should be entitled to
make sufficient enquiry and the prosecution to put in new material to address
those queries, has already been addressed above.

71 The prosecution’s second argument was that the High Court and the Court of
Appeal had not previously expressed disapproval or criticism of the
prosecution’s “practice” of putting in new material. In this connection, the
prosecution referred me to the cases of Mustafa Ahunbay and Rajendar Prasad.
50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at paras 35–38.

I have reviewed both these cases and accept that this is true. But this was
not a persuasive argument. This question was never raised or argued before the
High Court or the Court of Appeal in those cases. One might surmise that the
petitioners in previous criminal revisions or criminal references concerning s
370 CPC were content not to object to the introduction of additional material.
Moreover, it is difficult to say that a “practice” has formed based on only
two decisions. Hence actual authority that any such “practice” existed was
tenuous at best. There was no cogent basis to say that this “practice” had
coalesced into legally binding custom.

72 The prosecution’s third argument was that an analogy should be drawn
between an s 370 report and the psychiatric report filed by an Institute of
Mental Health (“IMH”) psychiatrist under the MTO regime in s 339 CPC. The
prosecution relied on my decision in Low Gek Hong v Public Prosecutor [2016]
SGHC 69 (“Low Gek Hong”), where I held that the court was not precluded from
seeking clarifications from a psychiatric report if the report was unclear,
even though s 339(9) CPC specified that the psychiatrist’s report was to be
“final and conclusive”. Thus, although the s 370 report had been submitted to
the Magistrate, the Magistrate was entitled to make enquiries, and the
prosecution would equally be entitled to put in fresh material in response to
those enquiries.

73 In my view, Low Gek Hong did not assist the prosecution. In the context of
the MTO suitability report in Low Gek Hong, I indicated that clarifications
could be asked of the report. But such clarifications would clearly have to be
confined to the material in the report, on the basis that it was “unclear and
particularly where it [drew] manifestly wrong, illogical or absurd
conclusions”: at [11]. I considered that there was a fine but appreciable
distinction between asking for clarifications concerning ambiguities in a
report, which must be permissible, and clarifications asking for more
information because the report was lacking in information. The latter category
was a different type of “clarification” entirely. Indeed, I was not convinced
that the term “clarification” was even appropriate to describe such questions
– there was nothing ambiguous or patently wrong, absurd or illogical to
clarify; there was simply an absence of information.

74 I was also of the view that an analogy might be drawn to Low Gek Hong in
quite a different way. At [15] of Low Gek Hong, I indicated that if a
“psychiatrist does not state clearly in his MTO report that any psychiatric
condition is ‘one of the contributing factors’ of the offending conduct in
question… then as far as the court is concerned it must mean that he has made
no such finding”. The same could be said of a s 370 report that is bereft of
details. In such a scenario, the court is entitled not to seek clarifications,
but instead to determine that there is insufficient material to support the
relevance of the seized property to investigations that would justify their
continued retention by the law enforcement agency.

75 In any event, the reasons why a court ought to be more cautious about
seeking clarifications or having more material adduced to address its queries
were quite different in the context of s 370 CPC, as compared to the MTO
regime, as my analysis above has demonstrated. Parliament has expressly
provided for an element of time sensitivity in the former context but not in
the latter, by virtue of the one-year reporting deadline. It was therefore not
helpful to attempt an analogy to the court’s treatment of a psychiatric report
in the MTO regime.

76 Before I leave this issue, I wish to address one final point, which relates
to amendments which are not substantive in nature but which are made out of
time. For example, the prosecution may seek to amend the s 370 report, but
such changes are purely clerical or cosmetic in nature. In my view, it would
not do violence to the statutory framework for such limited amendments to be
allowed. The changes would only be minor, and the substance of the report
would be left unchanged. So long as this takes place prior to the hearing
before the Magistrate, and notice is given to the interested persons,
prejudice will not be caused to them because they will have been given
sufficient opportunity to prepare a response. Further, it is unlikely that the
interested persons will object in the vast majority of cases to amendments of
a clerical nature, and it would be difficult to see the basis for such an
objection in any event.

77 The question whether the changes are merely clerical or spill over into
having substantive effects is, of course, a fact-specific inquiry. To take the
present case as an example, if the prosecution had sought to change or
substitute the vast majority of the items listed in the annex to the Report,
that could well be taken to be a substantive change.

Issue 2: whether the prosecution has the right to be heard ex parte after
inter partes proceedings have commenced

78 Another conceptual issue raised by the parties was whether the prosecution
had the right to attend ex parte before the Magistrate when the inter partes
hearing had already commenced. The petitioners relied on the procedure set out
by the Court of Appeal in Mustafa Ahunbay at [81], which the petitioners
argued was complete and comprehensive, and nowhere contemplates additional ex
parte hearings once the inter partes hearing has commenced. The prosecution’s
response was that the Court of Appeal’s decision did not address the specific
situation where fresh information would have to be provided to the Magistrate
after the commencement of the inter partes hearing. Rather, the Court of
Appeal in Mustafa Ahunbay at [80] recognised the public interest in
maintaining the integrity and confidentiality of police investigations, which
might be prejudiced from the disclosure of sensitive information. That
consideration still applied each time fresh material was sought to be
admitted, and militated in favour of additional ex parte hearings in respect
of the fresh material.

79 In my view, the petitioners were, strictly speaking, correct that the
framework set out in Mustafa Ahunbay does not contemplate fresh ex parte
hearings after the inter partes hearing has commenced. Instead, under that
framework, the prosecution should decide at the outset whether there are parts
of the report which it would be prejudicial to criminal investigations to
disclose, and attend ex parte before the Magistrate to submit on those parts
of the report. But I also agreed with the prosecution that the question never
arose in Mustafa Ahunbay because it appeared that the Court of Appeal
proceeded on the assumption that no additional information would be given by
the law enforcement agency after the investigation report, or the s 370
report, had been filed. In my view, the prosecution was correct in saying that
the key consideration in favour of an ex parte hearing – that the public
interest might be prejudiced by the disclosure of sensitive information –
nevertheless remained.

80 I considered that the first step towards resolving this tension was to look
to the answer given in respect of the first question whether the prosecution
would be entitled to admit fresh material in the first place. After all, if
the prosecution was not entitled even to admit fresh material, there would be
no need to have ex parte hearings to admit fresh sensitive material.

81 I have held above that the prosecution should not be allowed to admit fresh
material past the one-year reporting deadline. It follows that there is no
need to decide whether the prosecution should be allowed to attend ex parte to
present that fresh material to the Magistrate.

82 This, however, would only be a partial answer to the question concerning
the prosecution’s right to attend ex parte before the Magistrate. There was
yet another nuance to be considered. The point could also be made that
although the prosecution cannot attend ex parte to justify the non-disclosure
of fresh material, it may still attend ex parte to explain or clarify the
material that has already been disclosed in the s 370 report, which
explanations or clarifications are of such a sensitive nature that disclosing
them to interested persons might prejudice criminal investigations. So the
latter possibility contemplates the prosecution attending ex parte to give
fresh information, but not to admit fresh material, so to speak.

83 I concluded, however, that this too should be considered impermissible. The
framework set out by the Court of Appeal in Mustafa Ahunbay addresses the
situation where only one report is filed, and the Court of Appeal has
indicated that the ex parte procedure is to be used only where the prosecution
does not wish to disclose parts of, or the entire, report. In other words, the
ex parte procedure is to be used only in respect of material in the report,
not other as yet undisclosed information the prosecution might have. Ex parte
hearings cannot be used by the prosecution to answer questions or offer
clarifications on the s 370 report which has been already been disclosed to
interested persons anyway.

84 An objection might be made that the framework in Mustafa Ahunbay does not
quite address the distinction between material which has been disclosed
because it is not prejudicial, and explanations, elaborations, and
clarifications concerning that same material which might be prejudicial. I
appreciated that there could be such a distinction, and that it was possible
to argue that Mustafa Ahunbay did not cover precisely this question. Further,
I was aware of the difficulties the prosecution might face in that it could
not always predict what material the Magistrate might ask for. I also
acknowledged that seeing as no fresh material was being adduced, an ex parte
hearing could take place fairly expeditiously, perhaps even on the same day as
the s 370 hearing.

85 I considered, however, that the interests of certainty and finality also
prevailed in this instance, and that there should not be any further ex parte
hearings to provide additional information to the Magistrate. There were three
reasons for my decision.

86 First, there was the potential to undermine the right of interested parties
to be heard if the prosecution could still attend ex parte to address the
Magistrate with fresh information, but not fresh material, once the inter
partes hearing had commenced. The prosecution would have the right to
interrupt the inter partes hearing at any time to employ the ex parte
procedure. Interested parties would then be made literally to answer and
respond to a case that was evolving and bifurcating into distinct parts – ex
parte and inter partes – as the hearing unfolded. They would likely face
significant difficulty in assembling an adequate response to a constantly
shifting case.

87 Second, although the ex parte hearing itself might take place
expeditiously, there would likely be consequential delays arising from the
interested parties having to prepare responses to meet the prosecution’s
evolving case. It would not be right to deny them the time to respond and
recalibrate their case when they could truly have been caught by surprise by
the prosecution’s spontaneous decision to apply to be heard ex parte. But the
reporting procedure is a time-sensitive one, and delays ought not to be
lightly contemplated or accepted.

88 Third, drawing a distinction between fresh material and fresh information
would incentivise the making of only a perfunctory s 370 report, because the
prosecution could still make good any deficiencies in the report by seeking to
give explanations before the Magistrate ex parte, on the basis that although
it is not fresh material that they seek to put in, there are answers to the
Magistrate’s questions which are sensitive and qualify as fresh information.
It was difficult to see, however, what the distinction between fresh
“material” and fresh “information” was that would justify this approach. If
the only distinction was that “material” is in a written form and supplements
the report, but “information” is something stated orally in the hearing, there
appeared to be no good reason why the information should not have been
included in the report in the first place.

89 I concluded, therefore, that in order to ensure certainty, finality, and
fairness, there should be no further ex parte hearings once the inter partes
hearing had commenced. If there was information that was sufficiently
important and material to the inquiry that the Magistrate would reasonably
have been expected to ask for it, that information should have been presented
in the s 370 report. If there were concerns as to the sensitivity of the
information, the prosecution should have gone before the Magistrate ex parte
to ask that that part of the report not be disclosed in advance of the inter
partes hearing. I appreciated that this would, in most cases, lead to the
prosecution erring on the side of caution and disclosing more material in the
s 370 report. It may also lead to the prosecution attending more frequently
before the Magistrate ex parte in advance of the inter partes hearing to ask
that portions of the s 370 report not be disclosed. But I considered that this
struck the more appropriate balance between the competing considerations
outlined above. I was mindful of the concern that sensitive information
concerning criminal investigations not be disclosed to the petitioners. This
concern would be allayed by the fact that sensitive information would only be
revealed ex parte to the Magistrate who would ultimately have to exercise
judicial oversight over the seized property anyway.

90 To sum up, the result of my analysis on Issues 1 and 2 is that the
Magistrate cannot admit or consider fresh material to supplement the s 370
report. Further, she cannot hear the prosecution ex parte once the inter
partes hearing has commenced.

91 The s 370 hearing before the Magistrate is confined therefore to the s 370
report. The Magistrate remains entitled, of course, to ask questions and seek
clarifications, but this exercise should be confined to the material contained
within the s 370 report. This, however, should not be taken as an invitation
to put in fresh material. More crucially, the Magistrate is not bound to ask
questions or seek clarifications if the report is a bare one. In such a case,
it must follow that the report should be found to be inadequate, and she must
order the delivery of the property to the persons entitled to possession of
the property. This conclusion, in my view, is what s 370(2) and 370(3) CPC
read together require.

Issue 3: whether the Magistrate erred

92 I come now to the third issue, which is whether the Magistrate erred in
this specific case. I will first address the petitioners’ submission that the
Magistrate failed to apply the plain language of s 370 CPC. I will then touch
very briefly on the petitioners’ arguments on bias because it became
unnecessary to make specific findings on that issue.

(1) Failure to apply s 370 CPC

93 Applying the principles distilled from my analysis above, I concluded that
the Magistrate did fail to apply s 370 CPC, specifically s 370(2) read with s
370(3) CPC. This was because she was not satisfied with the sufficiency of the
material in the s 370 Report, but failed to order the release of the property.

94 That the Magistrate did not consider the material sufficient is clear from
the Notes of Evidence at the first hearing: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE, 19 July 2018 at pp 15 line 20 to 16 line 4 (Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 2nd
Affidavit, 7 November 2018, at pp 23–24).

Court: I think the objection is not really that – okay, I think whether or not
there is sufficient evidence to satisfy the Prosecution is quite another
point. The point really here is, is there any – are there facts before us to
enable me to decide whether the property is still relevant for investigations.
I mean, given the staturies – statutory scheme, you’ve had 1 year –

Sng: Yes.

Court: alright –

Sng: Yes.

Court: before your 1st reporting. So now you are really asking for more time,
and the question really is, why is this still necessary? I think – I think,
regardless of whether the relevant link is 35(1)(a) or 35(1)(c) of the CPC, I
still need to be satisfied. And the – the reason why I had to ask for facts
earlier on is –

Sng: Yes.

Court: is precisely because, I myself have difficulty.

95 When the Magistrate expressed her difficulties with the material before
her, she was referring not only to the amended s 370 Report, but also the
Annex, which had been admitted by her by that point. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE, 19 July 2018 at p 4 lines 21–26 (Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 2nd Affidavit, 7
November 2018, at p 12).

The relevant Notes of Evidence specifically indicate that the prosecution
furnished the Annex “pursuant to queries from the Court” before the first
hearing. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE, 19 July 2018 at p 4 line 24 (Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 2nd Affidavit, 7
November 2018, at p 12).

Flowing from my holdings above, it would have been impermissible for the
Magistrate to admit and refer to the Annex. But putting that aside for the
moment, it was apparent that the Magistrate had difficulty with the adequacy
of the material put before her in both the amended s 370 Report with the
Annex. Hence she should have ordered the release of the seized property.

(2) No bias or prejudgment

96 For completeness, I address the parties’ submissions on bias, although this
issue did not strictly require determination having regard to my finding that
the Magistrate had erred in failing to apply s 370 CPC. The petitioners
submitted that the Magistrate’s refusal to order the release of the seized
property was evidence of bias and prejudgment, given her indications that the
material before her was insufficient to justify the continued seizure of the
property.

97 The argument on prejudgment can be readily dismissed. In BOI v BOJ [2018] 2
SLR 1156 (“BOI”), the Court of Appeal held that in order for prejudgment to
amount to apparent bias, it must be established that the fair-minded, informed
and reasonable observer would “suspect or apprehend that the decision-maker
had reached a final and conclusive decision before being made aware of all
relevant evidence and arguments which the parties wish to put before him or
her, such that he or she approaches the matter at hand with a closed mind”
[emphasis added]: at [109].

98 Here, the Magistrate did not reach a decision whether the seized property
should continue to be retained by the prosecution, or whether they should be
released. The proceedings below ended inconclusively with the Magistrate
adjourning the hearing pending the decision of this Court on the criminal
revision. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE, 17 August 2018 at pp 35 line 31 to 36 line 6 (Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 2nd
Affidavit, 7 November 2018, at pp 69–70).

There was no final, conclusive decision on the matter in which the Magistrate
had demonstrated prejudgment.

99 Further, and in any event, the petitioners were given ample opportunity to
present arguments and were fully heard on the admission of the documents, and
the permissibility of the prosecution being heard ex parte. The Magistrate was
made aware of all relevant evidence and arguments which the petitioners sought
to place before her. This undermined the contention that the Magistrate’s mind
was closed and that she had prejudged the matter.

100 The petitioners further argued that the Magistrate’s decision was tainted
by apparent bias. The petitioners pointed to various factors, including the
Magistrate’s remarks at the 17 August 2018 hearing; her decisions to admit and
consider the Annex and Addendum; her refusal to order the release of the
seized property; and the queries made to the CAD in advance of the 19 July
2018 hearing.

101 The test for apparent bias is whether there are circumstances that would
give rise to a reasonable suspicion or apprehension of bias in the fair-minded
and informed observer: BOI at [103(a)]. A reasonable suspicion or apprehension
arises when the observer would think, from the relevant circumstances, that
bias is possible. This cannot be a mere fanciful belief, and the reasons for
suspicion must be capable of articulation by reference to the evidence
presented: BOI at [103(c)].

102 In my view, the Magistrate’s decisions to admit the Annex and Addendum
could not be said to be evidence of apparent bias. There is a dearth of case
law addressing the legal question whether and how a Magistrate should admit
additional material that supplements a s 370 report. Indeed, there has been no
considered judgment or analysis in academic commentary that has addressed the
scenario which has arisen here. The Magistrate’s decisions cannot thus be said
to have been so against the grain of the law that they must have been borne of
bias.

103 Similarly, with respect to the Magistrate’s comments in the hearing, once
those comments were read in context, it was apparent that they were made with
the purpose of inviting the prosecution to make submissions, and not with any
preconceived outcome in mind. The petitioners in turn were not shut out from
responding. A fair-minded and informed observer would not consider them as
giving rise to a reasonable suspicion of bias.

104 I was also not persuaded that the pre-hearing queries to the CAD could be
said to be evidence of apparent bias. The limited content of the queries made
in this case went against a finding of bias. While the queries could only have
been conveyed on the Magistrate’s directions, I did not read them as
“directing” the CAD to file additional materials, contrary to the petitioners’
arguments. In any event, the Magistrate demonstrated her openness to the
arguments of both sides during the hearing itself, thus dispelling any doubts
a reasonable and fair-minded observer might have.

105 On the whole, I found that there was insufficient evidence to support a
finding that the Magistrate had been biased, or had appeared to be biased,
against the petitioners.

Issue 4: whether the threshold for the High Court’s revisionary jurisdiction
has been crossed

106 The petitioners brought the present criminal revision pursuant to the High
Court’s revisionary jurisdiction under s 400 CPC. Section 400(1) CPC provides
that the High Court may call for and examine the record of any criminal
proceeding before any State Court to satisfy itself as to the correctness,
legality or propriety of any judgment, sentence or order recorded or passed,
and as to the regularity of those proceedings. Section 400(2) provides,
however, that no applicant may apply for a criminal revision in relation to
“any judgment, sentence or order which he could have appealed against but
failed to do so in accordance with the law”, subject to two exceptions,
neither of which apply here.

107 Before proceeding further, and although neither party specifically raised
this in their submissions, it is best to be clear that the present petition
did not fall afoul of the prohibition in s 400(2). There had clearly been no
judgment nor sentence rendered. And there had also been no order made by the
Magistrate, because the phrase “judgment, sentence or order” in the CPC has
been judicially interpreted to mean judgments, sentences and orders which have
an element of finality: Soh Guan Cheow Anthony v Public Prosecutor [2015] 1
SLR 470 at [34]; Azman bin Jamaludin v Public Prosecutor [2012] 1 SLR 615 at
[41]–[52].

108 It is also necessary to be clear that this criminal revision was not
brought pursuant to the procedure set out in Mustafa Ahunbay at [81(e)-(g)],
although it appeared that both parties assumed that this procedure applied.
The relevant paragraphs have been set out above at [43] and I do not propose
to repeat them here. The Magistrate had not made any decision at an ex parte
hearing, because the criminal revision was brought before such a hearing could
take place. The procedure in Mustafa Ahunbay at [81(g)] therefore did not
apply; there was simply nothing for the petitioners to challenge.

109 That being said, the parties did not suggest that the present criminal
revision fell outside the statutory language in s 400(1) CPC. I took the view
that this must be right; there was nothing that should have been appealed
which would have fallen within the prohibition in s 400(2) CPC, and the High
Court was entitled here to examine the regularity of the proceedings below.

110 The prosecution did, however, mount a challenge to the existence of this
Court’s revisionary jurisdiction, on the basis that no “serious injustice” had
been caused to the petitioners. This submission was based on the High Court’s
recent pronouncement of the law in Oon Heng Lye v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5
SLR 1064 (“Oon Heng Lye”) that the revisionary jurisdiction of the court is to
be sparingly exercised, and that this will typically “require a demonstration
not only that there has been some error but also that material and serious
injustice has been occasioned as a result”: at [14]. In addition, the High
Court in Knight Glenn Jeyasingam v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 196
stated that “the irregularity or otherwise noted from the record of
proceedings must have resulted in grave and serious injustice” [emphasis
added]: at [19]. The prosecution submitted that the petitioners had only been
deprived of company documents and some electronic devices; and the only
complaint they had made was that this had hindered the filing of their taxes.
55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at paras 52–53.

The prosecution argued that this did not amount to serious injustice. Further,
the prosecution emphasised that it had allowed the petitioners to make copies
of the necessary documents, but the petitioners had refused to do so. Thus, if
there was any serious injustice, the petitioners had inflicted that injustice
upon themselves.

111 The petitioners, for their part, argued that the prosecution’s arguments
missed the point. They had suffered serious injustice because of the
Magistrate demonstrating a closed mind to their case, as evidenced by her
wrongful admission of the Annex and Addendum and willingness to hear the
prosecution ex parte. The Magistrate’s refusal to apply the plain language of
s 370 CPC was a “serious irregularity” justifying the exercise of the High
Court’s revisionary jurisdiction. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Petitioners’ Submissions at para 36.

112 I was of the view that the petitioners had indeed suffered material and
serious injustice in this case, although not entirely for the reasons advanced
by the petitioners. I have already outlined above why I found no bias – real
or apparent – in this case. So that was not a ground for finding serious
injustice. Instead, I considered that there was serious injustice because
property which indisputably belonged to the petitioners was being retained by
the CAD without any legal basis for its retention.

113 The prosecution emphasised that the injustice suffered by the petitioners
here did not reach the level of the injustice suffered by the petitioner in
Rajendar Prasad. I agreed. The seized property in Rajendar Prasad amounted to
the vast majority of the petitioner’s financial assets in that case: see [68].
Here, the prejudice occasioned to the petitioners was indeed less draconian.
But that did not mean the petitioners had not suffered serious injustice.

114 The Magistrate had indicated that she was not satisfied on the basis of
the s 370 Report that the seized property was relevant to criminal
investigations: see [94]–[95] above. The injustice caused to the petitioners
lay in the wrongful retention of the seized property where there was no basis
in law for its continued seizure. It was no answer to say that the petitioners
could have made copies of the documents for the purposes of filing their
income tax returns. The onus was on the prosecution first to justify the
continued retention of the property once the one-year deadline was up. If
there was no proper basis for the seized property to be retained, it must be
released. I therefore concluded that the threshold for this Court’s
revisionary jurisdiction to be exercised had been crossed.

115 I wish to make clear, however, that there was serious injustice here only
because there was no doubt that the petitioners were the persons entitled to
the possession of the seized property. The question who has that entitlement
is relevant to determining the issue of serious injustice. As the High Court
held in Oon Heng Lye, a petitioner who is not lawfully entitled to the
possession of the seized property because the property was in fact the
proceeds of his criminal activity could not be said to have suffered serious
injustice from having that property seized: at [42]–[44]. The question whether
persons who have an interest in the seized property, which does not amount to
a legal entitlement to the possession of the property, could be said to suffer
serious injustice if the property was seized was not before me. I therefore
make no observations on that question.

Issue 5: this Court’s substantive determination of the s 370 CPC application

116 Both the petitioners and the prosecution agreed that if this Court found
that there were grounds for the Court to exercise its revisionary
jurisdiction, it should substantively determine the s 370 application. I
agreed that this Court had the power to take such action. As the High Court in
Rajendar Prasad has ruled, the High Court, having determined that the
threshold for the exercise of its revisionary jurisdiction has been crossed,
has the power to consider the matter afresh. Instead of remitting the matter
to the Magistrate, the court can step into the place of the Magistrate and
make a fresh order: at [27]. I turn then to describe the analysis I undertook
in substantively determining this application.

117 I first acknowledged that the s 370 Report in this case was the subject of
some clerical amendments on 2 July 2018. Consistently with my observations
above at [76] to [77], I considered that these clerical and editorial
amendments did not so radically alter the substance of the Report or introduce
new material that it would do violence to the statutory framework to admit the
amended s 370 Report of 2 July 2018. I therefore admitted the amended s 370
Report.

118 Also consistently with my analysis above, however, I did not rely on the
Annex or the Addendum in coming to my decision. I also made no reference to Mr
Eugene Neo’s Affidavit.

119 The question that remained was whether the amended s 370 Report was
satisfactory. This turned on the question of how much material or information
the police or prosecution must disclose in the report.

120 The law is clear that at the bare minimum, the information specified in
[81(f)] of Mustafa Ahunbay must be given, because that is the information
expected to be given to persons with the right to be heard where the full s
370 report cannot be disclosed to protect the sensitive information within.
The Court in Mustafa Ahunbay indicated at [81(f)(iv)] that “a brief
explanation of the basis for the seizure” must always be disclosed, even where
the relevant portion of the report itself can only be disclosed in ex parte
proceedings before the Magistrate.

121 This point has since been touched on and further developed in the High
Court’s decision in Rajendar Prasad at [46]. Menon CJ indicated that the
Magistrate when exercising her power under s 370 must apply her mind to (a)
the legislative basis on which an order for the continued seizure of the
property is sought; (b) the purpose for which it is sought; and (c) the
factual basis on which it is sought, and in that light the Magistrate must
determine whether she is satisfied that the seizure should be extended.
Although this was framed from the Magistrate’s perspective, it was evident
also that such material as is provided to the Magistrate must therefore be
sufficiently detailed as to allow the Magistrate to do the three things
identified above.

122 Further, Menon CJ in Rajendar Prasad also cautioned at [48] that although
investigations might not be completed within a year, “this does not mean that
a bland assertion from the [Investigation Officer] to the effect that
investigations are continuing and that the seized assets are relevant will
suffice”. The Magistrate “should be provided with such information as would
enable her to be satisfied that there is a reasonable basis for thinking that
the seized property is ‘relevant for the purposes of any investigation,
inquiry, trial or other proceeding under [the CPC]’”, where that is the basis
on which the extension of the seizure is sought.

123 I turn then to the amended s 370 Report. After examining the Report, I
found myself facing the same difficulty as was experienced by the Magistrate.
The amended s 370 Report lacked sufficient information to justify the
continued retention of the seized property by the CAD. The only paragraph in
the amended s 370 Report that suggested any links at all between the seized
property and criminal investigations was paragraph 5. But all paragraph 5 said
was that “[the] items seized continue to be relevant to investigations and
will be required by the police as they are suspected to constitute evidence of
offences under Section 406, 420 of the Penal Code (Cap 224), Section 148(1) of
the Companies Act (Cap 50) and Section 34(1) of the Business Names
Registration Act”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Lee Chen Seong Jeremy’s 1st Affidavit (27 August 2018) at p 44–45.

This was plainly insufficient, and was truly nothing more than a bland
assertion from the IO which Menon CJ in Rajendar Prasad indicated would not be
enough. There was also an annex to the amended s 370 Report, but it added
nothing to the inquiry into the relevance of the seized property to criminal
investigations. All the annex contained was a laundry list of the items
seized.

124 The prosecution emphasised that the seized property was “evidence” of an
offence seized pursuant to s 35(1)(c) CPC and proposed that as a
distinguishing factor in this case. In this sense, this case was different
from earlier cases concerning s 370 CPC, where the items were seized pursuant
to s 35(1)(a) CPC. The submission appeared to be that because the seized
property qualified as “evidence”, it must immediately be relevant to
investigations, because evidence is necessarily relevant to investigations. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 60.

As the prosecution put it: “evidence must necessarily be relevant for the
purposes of investigations”, and “where property suspected to constitute
evidence of an offence is seized under section 35(1)(c), it also follows that
such property is relevant to investigations.” 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 60.

The prosecution also appeared to capitalise on the “nature” of the seized
property as evidence to downplay Menon CJ’s comments in Rajendar Prasad that a
bland assertion from the IO would not suffice. Instead, the argument was made
that the information that must be placed before the court varied depending on
the nature of the seized property, and Menon CJ’s comments should be
restricted to cases where the seized property was suspected to be the proceeds
of crime, rather than evidence of an offence. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 64.

125 With respect, I failed to see how characterising the seized property as
“evidence” of an offence made any difference to the analysis. I accepted, of
course, that evidence should generally (though not invariably) be relevant to
investigations into any offence. But the prior question was whether the seized
property was “evidence” in the first place. The fact remained that no
information had been given at all to support even this contention as to how
the seized property was evidence of any offence. The offending conduct had not
been particularised to any degree, so far as the s 370 Report was concerned,
because all that was said was that there were alleged offences under the Penal
Code, or Companies Act, or Business Names Registration Act. And because it was
impossible to tell what the offending conduct was, it in turn became
impossible to determine if the documents and devices seized were indeed
evidence of an offence falling within the provisions identified.

126 It must be borne in mind that in Rajendar Prasad at [50], Menon CJ was
explicitly clear that “the threshold for continued seizure under s 370 of the
CPC should be and is more stringent than the threshold for initial seizure
under s 35 of the CPC”. Whatever details the prosecution had given in the
amended s 370 Report were no more, or barely more, than what could have been
given at the stage of initial seizure. After all, stating that the computers
and phones were relevant to the Penal Code, Companies Act and Business Names
Registration Act charges was something that could have been asserted a year
ago. In my view, the court was entitled to have more specificity now that an
entire year had passed.

127 One possibility that arose for consideration, although the parties did not
make specific submissions on it, was whether this Court should exercise its
powers under ss 401(2) and 392 of the CPC to receive additional evidence where
“necessary” in coming to make a fresh order, or to alter or reverse the order
made by the Magistrate. This possibility was alluded to by Menon CJ in
Rajendar Prasad at [27]. Menon CJ ultimately declined to exercise those powers
in Rajendar Prasad itself, however, because the prosecution’s case there had
evolved dramatically from the initial assertion that the seized property was
relevant to Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes
(Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) offences to the ultimate
position that they were instead relevant as the suspected proceeds of
Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) offences: see [6] and
[69]. Menon CJ observed that the case that was eventually presented to him was
“so substantially different” from the case presented to the Magistrate, that
“it would not be just to enable the Prosecution to attempt to remedy the
flawed proceedings in this way”: at [69].

128 I decided that the Court should not exercise its powers to receive
additional evidence, even though such powers are statutorily provided for and
undoubtedly exist. I considered that it would be inconsistent with the
analysis on the operation of the statutory framework for the High Court to
admit fresh material to supplement the report. The reasons I identified above
similarly apply here – to do so would effectively provide the prosecution with
an avenue to sidestep the one-year reporting deadline, and thus undermine the
interests of certainty, finality and fairness. It must be recalled that the
High Court was being invited to step into the shoes of the Magistrate to
decide the matter. If the Magistrate had no powers to admit fresh material and
hear fresh information, as I have determined, then the High Court in the
position of the Magistrate also should not have such powers. I recognised, of
course, that ss 401(2) and 392 of the CPC have conferred such powers on the
High Court, but not on the Magistrate. My considered view, however, was that
the High Court, although having such powers, should exercise them only
sparingly, so as to preserve the conceptual consistency of the overall
approach. There was nothing exceptional about this case, however, that
warranted this Court exercising those powers.

Conclusion

129 For the foregoing reasons, I was not satisfied in the circumstances that
the seized property remained relevant to criminal investigations. What s
370(2) and (3) CPC required, therefore, was that the seized property be
released to the persons entitled to the possession of them. Accordingly, I
allowed the criminal revision, and ordered that the property be released to
the petitioners.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Adrian Wong and Ang Leong Hao (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
petitioners;  
Peter Koy, Sng Yi Zhi Eugene and Ben Mathias Tan (Attorney-General’s Chambers)
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

