Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Three Judges of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 115

Originating Summons No 13 of 2018

Between

Law Society of Singapore  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Yeo Siew Chye Troy  
---  
  
… Respondent

Ex Tempore judgment

[Legal Profession] — [Disciplinary Proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Law Society of Singapore

  

v

  

Yeo Siew Chye Troy

[2019] SGHC 115

Court of Three Judges — Originating Summons No 13 of 2018  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Woo Bih Li J  
29 April 2019

29 April 2019

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Background

1 Yeo Siew Chye Troy (“the respondent”) was admitted as an advocate and
solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore on 9 February 1983. At the time of
the proceedings before the Disciplinary Tribunal (“DT”) that was appointed to
hear and investigate the complaints against him, he was an advocate and
solicitor of the Supreme Court of around 35 years’ standing. From 5 April
2008, the respondent has been the sole proprietor and sole director of the
firm Troy Yeo & Co (known as Chye Legal Practice since May 2012) (“the firm”).

2 Sometime in the middle of 2011, the respondent engaged one Sim Tee Peng
(“Sim”) to establish a conveyancing department in the firm. There was some
dispute as to Sim’s precise status in the firm but we proceed on the basis
that he was engaged as an employee, which was the respondent’s position. It
should be noted that this was the first time the respondent would be working
with Sim as he had met Sim just in or around January that year. It would also
be the first time the respondent would be managing and running a conveyancing
department. Prior to this, the respondent practised principally in litigation
with some limited experience in transactional and conveyancing work.

3 Between June 2011 and March 2012, the respondent permitted Sim to interact
directly with the firm’s conveyancing clients, most of whom had evidently been
introduced to the firm by Sim in any case, and to liaise with them on payment
matters including the collection of payments for stamp duty and other
conveyancing moneys. Unbeknownst to the respondent, Sim used the opportunity
he was afforded during this period to commit cheating and/or criminal breach
of trust offences in respect of conveyancing moneys he collected from 17
clients, and misappropriated a total sum of $848,335.09. Amongst other things,
Sim falsely informed these clients that he had made payments for stamp duty
and other conveyancing-related fees on their behalf.

4 Also within this period, specifically between 31 August 2011 and 19 October
2011, the respondent caused conveyancing moneys amounting to $448,803, paid by
22 clients, to be paid into the firm’s office account. It was accepted by the
respondent that these moneys should not have been paid into the firm’s office
account but we were told that this had been done because those managing the
accounts were under the mistaken impression that it was permissible to do so
as long as these payments were effectively to reimburse payments that had
already been made on behalf of the clients in question. Accordingly, a
substantial portion of these moneys was then paid out to Sim personally who
represented to the firm that he had already made payments out of his own funds
in respect of the stamp duty payments that were due from the clients. In
truth, most of these representations were false; Sim had not in fact made
payments out of his own funds and the clients had submitted the cheques to the
firm to enable the firm to make the stamp duty payments for them, but Sim
produced forged stamp duty certificates to mislead the firm and thereby obtain
payments purportedly by way of reimbursement.

Decision

5 We begin by setting out a number of points which were accepted before us
today. The respondent accepts that:

(a) he has failed to exercise proper supervision over his employee Sim between
June 2011 and March 2012, and thus breached r 8(1) of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed) – although he
contested this before the DT, his counsel, Mr Kenneth Tan SC, was at pains to
point out that he was not challenging this before us;

(b) he breached the relevant rules of the Legal Profession (Solicitors’
Accounts) Rules (Cap 161, R 8, 1999 Rev Ed) (“LPSAR”) (including r 3(1A)) and
the Conveyancing and Law of Property (Conveyancing) Rules 2011 (S 391/2011),
by allowing a substantial sum of conveyancing moneys to be paid into the
firm’s office account between 31 August 2011 and 19 October 2011;

(c) in relation to five client payments into the firm’s office account made
between 4 October 2011 and 19 October 2011, which amounted to $90,256.60, he
did not keep proper accounts, and thus breached r 11(1) of the LPSAR; and

(d) his conduct as a whole warrants disciplinary sanctions being imposed by
this court, meaning he accepts that he was guilty of grossly improper conduct
in the discharge of his professional duty under s 83(2)(b) or of such
misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an officer of the Supreme
Court or as a member of an honourable profession under s 83(2)(h) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“LPA”) – in response to a question from
the Bench, Mr Tan accepted that in relation to all of the charges, the
respondent was guilty of such misconduct within the meaning of either of these
provisions although we note that the charges were brought pursuant to s
83(2)(b).

In those circumstances, the only issue before us is that of the appropriate
sanction to be imposed on the respondent under s 83(1) of the LPA.

6 For present purposes, we begin with a few observations. First, the paramount
considerations of the court in determining the appropriate sanctions are to
uphold public confidence in the integrity of the legal profession and to
protect the public who are dependent on solicitors. It is also to deter other
like-minded members of the profession. We have repeatedly said that the
punishment of the solicitor in question is in relative terms not as important
a sentencing consideration as those we have already mentioned, and as a
result, considerations of the personal culpability of the solicitor do not
carry much weight in the context of mitigation when considering the
appropriate sanction to impose for professional misconduct: see Law Society of
Singapore v Ravi s/o Madasamy [2016] 5 SLR 1141 (“Ravi s/o Madasamy”) at [33],
[41]; Law Society of Singapore v Chia Choon Yang [2018] 5 SLR 1068 at [17];
Law Society of Singapore v Ezekiel Peter Latimer [2019] SGHC 92 at [46].

7 This is significant because the crux of Mr Tan’s submissions on behalf of
the respondent were directed at suggesting that the respondent’s culpability
was on the low end of the scale. While, for the reasons we mention below, we
do not accept this, we observe that even if the respondent’s personal
culpability could be said to be low, where the misconduct was otherwise
regarded as serious, the solicitor’s low culpability alone would not weigh
significantly in the respondent’s favour: see Ravi s/o Madasamy at [73].

8 In any case, we turn to Mr Tan’s submissions which rested on a few specific
points. First, Mr Tan submitted that the respondent was himself a victim of
the fraud that had been perpetrated by Sim (on the firm’s conveyancing
clients, the firm and the respondent). We accept this but we do not think it
takes the respondent anywhere. He has not been charged with dishonest
misappropriation himself. Instead, he has been charged with a failure to
exercise proper supervision over an employee, and in that context, it is
ultimately irrelevant for him to say that he was not dishonest. If the
respondent had been privy to the fraud, it would be an entirely different type
of case that we would be dealing with; the fact that he was not dishonest says
nothing about whether he has seriously failed to supervise his employee with
all the grave consequences that have ensued.

9 Second, Mr Tan submitted that the respondent did establish a system of sorts
in respect of conveyancing files and conveyancing moneys but that it was not
robust enough to prevent the fraud that Sim committed. Again, that does not
help the respondent. Even assuming one could call it a system, it was
precisely because it was so weak that the fraud was able to be perpetrated
over a long period of almost eight months. The fact of the matter was that the
respondent wholly failed to take steps to safeguard against the sort of fraud
that Sim was evidently able to perpetrate with ease and over a substantial
period of time. This was the crux of the misconduct that we are faced with.

10 Third, Mr Tan submitted that the respondent relied on the fact that Sim had
produced stamp duty certificate(s) to defraud the firm and it was simply not
known that these were forged. And when asked why even on this basis, stamp
duty moneys were not paid into the conveyancing account, Mr Tan’s response was
that the respondent did not realise that there is a separate set of
obligations applicable to conveyancing moneys. In our judgment, this too does
not help the respondent. It is true that Sim produced the forged stamp duty
certificate(s), but these certificate(s) were tendered to claim reimbursement
for moneys that Sim had purportedly made on his own on behalf of his clients.
It was undoubtedly incumbent on the respondent, at least, to understand the
nature of the transaction(s) in respect of which reimbursement was sought and
had he applied his mind to this, it would immediately have become clear Sim
was representing that he had personally made payments of stamp duty on behalf
of the firm’s clients. This was such an extraordinary fact that it should in
and of itself have given rise to a number of concerns. How was he even able to
afford to do this? On a single day in September 2011, he was reimbursed a sum
of about $169,000 in respect of eight different clients, arising from payments
he claimed to have made earlier on. We find it difficult to understand how
this could have been missed as an alarming discovery; and if it was not
missed, how it did not raise serious questions that had to be pursued, not
least of which was why Sim, an employee of the firm, would be making such
substantial payments out of his own assets on behalf of the firm’s clients.

11 Mr Tan submitted that the respondent did query Sim and was told that this
situation had arisen because the firm’s conveyancing department was not
processing payments timeously. We find it difficult to accept that this was
seriously investigated or pursued. There is no evidence at all to suggest that
there were in fact such failures on the part of the firm’s conveyancing
department. Therefore, if Sim had in fact been queried and if he had in fact
made this claim, this could and should have been investigated, and if it had
been, it would likely have been exposed as false. As to the respondent’s
ignorance of the position in respect of the nature of the applicable rules and
the correlative obligations, this simply does not aid a solicitor. Ignorance
of the law cannot excuse a solicitor’s misconduct and this is all the more so
where, as is the case here, the various rules in question are directed at
solicitors precisely in order to prevent such fraud. Indeed, it cannot even be
a mitigating circumstance for a solicitor to say the fraud was able to take
place because he did not take the trouble to correctly inform himself of his
obligations.

12 Mr Tan further submitted that the respondent had undertaken several steps
to ameliorate the position for his clients after he realised what had been
happening. We disagree. As we pointed out to Mr Tan, whatever steps the
respondent took were taken as reactive measures after the consequences of his
failures had started to emerge, and in the final analysis, the respondent was
their author because he had not supervised Sim, had failed to accurately
inform himself of his obligations and duties and had overlooked serious
warnings that something was amiss.

13 Mr Tan submitted on the forgoing basis that the respondent’s culpability
was at the low end of the scale. It will be evident from what we have said
that we cannot accept this because none of the arguments advanced on the
respondent’s behalf in fact can be said to validly diminish his personal
culpability. But on top of that, there were a number of other factors which
showed the gravity of the misconduct.

14 First, we are troubled that the respondent went into what for him was a new
area of practice with a complete lack of care. He had exercised little, if
any, diligence in assessing whether it was appropriate to leave Sim to run
this part of his practice despite knowing very little about Sim. This was
especially serious given that this was an area of practice that the respondent
must have known, or be taken to have known, involved the handling of clients’
moneys, and which as a result was subject to significant regulation. Yet this
is what the DT found at para 86 of its decision in relation to the first
charge:

As regards the contents and discharge of the duty, we find that the Respondent
was derelict in his duty to exercise proper supervision over Sim. We agree
with the Law Society that the Respondent had essentially given Sim a free rein
to deal with the Firm’s clients, with little to no supervision over his
activities (when in fact a higher standard of supervision should have been
warranted in all of the circumstances), and with no adequate system of
periodic checks to monitor Sim’s dealings with the Firm’s clients and their
conveyancing moneys, to prevent abuse.

This can only be described as a gross breach of duty.

15 Second, we are also troubled with the long duration over which Sim was able
to operate his fraud, largely because of this lack of adequate supervision. It
was extremely unsatisfactory that the respondent appeared blissfully unaware
of what Sim was up to, or more seriously, that he might have been disinclined
to pursue further steps or inquiries when serious irregularities seemed to
emerge. Indeed, even after the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore raided
the firm’s office premises in early January 2012, at which time the respondent
was informed that Sim was believed to have forged at least one stamp duty
certificate, he did not immediately take steps to alert all the clients of the
firm who might themselves have been or might be defrauded by Sim in the same
way. Mr Tan suggested that the respondent took steps to inform the main
clients of the firm but nothing was advanced to explain how he defensibly
judged that other clients did not need to be told. It is a fact that the fraud
continued and affected some of the firm’s clients even after that time.

16 Third, we also note the substantial amounts that were misappropriated and
the substantial number of clients who were affected. Mr Tan submitted that we
should not assess the scale of the harm caused by reference to the amounts
that were misappropriated because as it turned out the actual losses were
brought down to $47,669.27, at least in respect of the firm’s clients. We do
not accept this for at least two reasons:

(a) Sim committed his fraud across a number of firms and it appears that at
least part of the recoveries in relation to the losses initially sustained by
the firm’s clients came from frauds he had committed on other clients of other
firms. We fail to see how this can possibly be a mitigating factor as far as
the respondent is concerned.

(b) Aside from this, in our judgment, in this context, the true scale of the
harm is to be assessed by reference to the extent of harm to public confidence
in the legal profession and this is undoubtedly to be determined by
considering the gross amounts that were misappropriated, the number of clients
who were affected by the fraud and the duration of time over which the fraud
continued, and on all these counts, this was a very serious case of harm
occasioned by the respondent’s misconduct.

17 In all the circumstances, we think a substantial period of suspension is
warranted and we fix this as a term of four years. We order that the
suspension is to take effect from 1 June 2019.

18 We fix the costs the respondent is to pay to the applicant in the aggregate
sum of $6,000.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Woo Bih Li  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge

Vergis S Abraham and Bestlyn Loo (Providence Law Asia LLC)  
for the applicant;  
Kenneth Tan SC (Kenneth Tan Partnership) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

