Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 235

Criminal Case No 9 of 2019

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
|  
  
And

(1)| Soh Chee Wen  
---|---  
(2)| Quah Su-Ling  
  
decision on evidential issues

[Evidence] — [Witnesses] — [Privilege]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  
Soh Chee Wen and another  

[2019] SGHC 235

High Court — Criminal Case No 9 of 2019  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  

30 September 2019 Judgment reserved.

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 On 15 July 2019, pursuant to the Prosecution’s application for further
arguments, I heard the parties on two evidential issues. The first is whether
generally, the Prosecution is entitled to assert litigation privilege. The
second is whether specifically, litigation privilege protects communications
between prosecutors/investigators and witnesses in two scenarios: first, in
the preparation of conditioned statements; and second, in the preparation of
the witnesses for giving evidence in court.

2 By way of background, in the previous tranche of the trial, the Prosecution
objected to the cross-examination of a number of witnesses concerning such
communications on the ground of litigation privilege. On 23 May 2019 (the last
hearing day in the previous tranche), I heard the parties on this objection,
and ruled against the Prosecution. I then agreed to hear further arguments
because of the importance of these issues to the ongoing case, as well as
beyond the present case. Having considered the further arguments of the
parties, I now provide my decision, with brief reasons, before we resume with
the trial.

The Prosecution’s further arguments

3 On the first issue, the Prosecution submitted that in Skandinaviska Enskilda
Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte
Ltd and other appeals [2007] 2 SLR(R) 367 (“Skandinaviska”) at [23], the Court
of Appeal had clearly recognised that legal advice privilege and litigation
privilege are conceptually distinct. Different rationales underpinned each
doctrine. In this connection, the Court of Appeal had endorsed the exposition
of the rationales of the two forms of privilege by the Supreme Court of Canada
in Minister of Justice v Sheldon Blank (Attorney General of Ontario, The
Advocates’ Society and Information Commissioner of Canada (Interveners))
[2006] 2 SCR 319 (“Blank”) at [26]–[27].

4 Effectively, as the Prosecution put it, the Court of Appeal accepted that
litigation privilege “seeks to promote the effective functioning of the
adversarial system by creating a zone of privacy for all litigants, whether
represented or not, to prepare their contending positions in” [emphasis
added]. Nonetheless, there is an overlap between the two doctrines. On the
facts of Skandinaviska, the respondent asserted litigation privilege in
relation to a draft report prepared jointly by the respondent’s solicitors and
accountants (which incorporated legal advice by the respondent’s solicitors).
In that context, certain passages of Skandinaviska discussing litigation
privilege, including [70]–[74] relied on by this court previously, referred to
the solicitor-client relationship, as well as the legal advice of the
respondent’s solicitors. However, these were not prerequisites to a claim of
litigation privilege. In criminal litigation, the Prosecution is a party.
While there is no local case authority on this point, based on the rationale
of litigation privilege as endorsed by the Court of Appeal, the Prosecution
argued that it should be entitled to claim litigation privilege.

5 In a comparative review of the positions in other common law jurisdictions,
the Prosecution highlighted that in Canada, Australia and New Zealand, the
prosecution is able to claim litigation privilege. The Prosecution submitted
that all three jurisdictions recognise the same rationale for litigation
privilege as set out in Skandinaviska. In Canada, the prosecution is entitled
to rely on litigation privilege purely based on the underlying rationale.
Australia and New Zealand appeared to have further grounded the prosecution’s
claim to litigation privilege by regarding the relationship between the Crown
(or the Director of Public Prosecutions) and the solicitors/prosecutors acting
on his behalf as being in the nature of a solicitor-client relationship.
Further, it should be noted that in Australia and New Zealand, there has been
codification of the law on litigation privilege. Turning to England, the
Prosecution acknowledged that the position is less clear, with some
uncertainty as to whether litigation privilege is a “distinct privilege”, or
“an extension of legal advice privilege, and intertwined with it”. Be that as
it may, the Prosecution submitted that it would be in accord with the weight
of the common law jurisprudence to recognise that the Prosecution is able to
assert litigation privilege.

6 Turning to the communications that fall to be protected, the Prosecution
contended that litigation privilege protects from disclosure all
communications, both written and oral. For a claim to litigation privilege to
be made, the Prosecution submitted that the conditions are (a) that the
communication must have been made at a time when there was a reasonable
prospect of litigation; and (b) the communication must have been made for the
dominant purpose of litigation. Should any communication by the
prosecutors/investigators with witnesses in the two scenarios satisfy these
conditions, the Prosecution would be entitled to rely on litigation privilege
to protect such communication.

7 That said, the Prosecution submitted that litigation privilege is not
absolute in nature, unlike legal advice privilege (which is subject to only
limited exceptions). Indeed, the Prosecution accepted that the scope of
litigation privilege is narrower when claimed by the Prosecution in criminal
proceedings. Any claim to litigation privilege is circumscribed by the
Prosecution’s duty of disclosure, including its duty of disclosure as set out
in Muhammad bin Kadar and another v Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 1205 and
Muhammad bin Kadar and another v Public Prosecutor [2011] 4 SLR 791. More
importantly, the Prosecution submitted that “the law in Singapore should be
further developed to recognise that litigation privilege should not apply
where a party can show that it is necessary that he be allowed to adduce
otherwise privileged evidence, because the probative value of the evidence
outweighs the interest of the other party in preserving the confidentiality of
the information” [emphasis added]. I shall refer to this as “the necessity
exception”.

8 Departing from its earlier position on 23 May 2019, in relation to any
privileged communication between prosecutor/investigators with witnesses in
the two scenarios, the Prosecution submitted that it falls on Defence Counsel
to demonstrate why it is necessary that he be permitted to adduce evidence
which is otherwise protected by litigation privilege, and the extent to which
he should be permitted to do so. To this end, the Prosecution broadly agreed
with the part of the earlier ruling which observed that Defence Counsel should
question witnesses so as establish some basis for exploring the circumstances
of the interview/preparation sessions. This should follow, however, as a
consequence of the necessity exception to litigation privilege, and Defence
Counsel should establish a clear (and not some) basis for doing so.

Further arguments by Defence counsel

9 In response, on the first issue, Mr N Sreenivasan SC and Mr Sui Yi Siong,
counsel for the first and second accused persons respectively, relied on the
earlier cases they put forth on 23 May 2019. They informed the court that they
would not address the court in detail on the further arguments by the
Prosecution (especially with regards the review of the positions in the other
common law jurisdictions). On the second issue, on the premise that the
Prosecution is entitled to claim litigation privilege, Defence Counsel argued
that thus far, the questions asked of the witnesses did not seek disclosure of
privileged communications. The lines of cross-examination were meant to probe
the witnesses’ evidence in court, ie, how and why the witnesses came to give
such evidence in their conditioned statements and in their oral evidence. In
any event, given the Prosecution’s acknowledgement that any claim to
litigation privilege is subject to the necessity exception, Defence Counsel
submitted that the practical outcome would broadly be in accord with the
earlier ruling on how to proceed with the cross-examination of the witnesses,
and they would accept this approach.

My decision

10 I turn to my decision. Having considered the Prosecution’s detailed
analysis of Skandinaviska and the subsequent local cases, as well as the
discussion in Blank cited in Scandinaviska, I accept the Prosecution’s
submission that litigation privilege should be viewed to be a form of
privilege distinct from legal advice privilege. As encapsulated at [27] of
Blank, which was cited at [23] of Scandinaviska, its underlying rationale is
as follows:

Litigation privilege … is not directed at, still less, restricted to,
communications between solicitor and client. It contemplates, as well,
communications between a solicitor and third parties or, in the case of an
unrepresented litigant, between the litigant and third parties. Its object is
to ensure the efficacy of the adversarial process and not to promote the
solicitor-client relationship. And to achieve this purpose, parties to
litigation, represented or not, must be left to prepare their contending
positions in private, without adversarial interference and without fear of
premature disclosure. [emphasis added]

11 Nonetheless, in Singapore, it has not been clearly determined whether the
Prosecution has the right to claim litigation privilege. In this regard, I
note that the approaches in the other common law jurisdictions are not
entirely consistent. It is only in Canada that the courts have reasoned from
first principles, and held that based on the rationale of litigation
privilege, such privilege should extend to the prosecution (see Blank at [27],
[32] and [43]). The English position appears to be uncertain, and no English
authority has been cited to me as to whether the prosecution is entitled to
litigation privilege there. The approach in Australia is to recognise a
solicitor-client relationship between the Crown (or the Director of Public
Prosecutions) and the solicitors/prosecutors acting on its behalf (see R v
Bunting and Others (2002) 84 SASR 378 at [44]–[45]). In New Zealand, the
courts appear to have taken the position that litigation privilege for the
prosecution follows from the general availability of litigation privilege in
criminal proceedings (see R v King [2007] 2 NZLR 137 at [25], [27]). While the
Prosecution submitted that in Singapore, the relationship between the Public
Prosecutor and the prosecutors who conduct prosecutions on his behalf should
be similarly viewed as a solicitor-client relationship, I do not express any
views on this. Instead, I am inclined to agree with the Canadian approach.
Based on the underlying rationale of litigation privilege, and the fact that
the Prosecution is a party to criminal proceedings, I am persuaded that the
Prosecution has the right to assert litigation privilege.

12 For completeness, there were two other points which I considered (which
were not addressed on 23 May 2019). It is of note that the Prosecution has
assured the court that “the [Prosecution’s] duty of disclosure prevails over
any claim to litigation privilege”. Further, when queried, the Prosecution
submitted that while prosecutors are entitled to claim public interest
immunity in relation to certain communications (which is not available to the
defence), that is a distinct concept and operates in different circumstances.
Therefore, it seems to me that any right of the Prosecution to claim
litigation privilege is not inconsistent with the duty of disclosure, and
public interest immunity would not often arise in a typical case where
litigation privilege may be invoked.

13 Turning to the question of whether oral communications fall to be protected
by litigation privilege, Mr Sui pointed out that most of the foreign cases
cited by the Prosecution concerned objections to applications for disclosure
of documents/materials of the prosecution, created or generated in the course
of litigation. Thus far, Defence Counsel have not sought to obtain any notes,
memoranda, minutes or record, etc, of the Prosecution. Essentially, the
Prosecution’s invocation of litigation privilege has been in response to lines
of questioning by Defence Counsel intended to elicit details of what was said
or shown to the witnesses in the course of witness interview/preparation
sessions.

14 It seems to me that there is no reason to exclude oral communications from
the scope of litigation privilege, as the very same information may be
conveyed in oral or written form. In Scandinaviska at [44], the Court of
Appeal held that “litigation privilege applies to every communication, whether
confidential or otherwise so long as it is for the purpose of litigation”
[emphasis added]. This is also the position taken in The Law of Privilege
(Bankim Thanki QC ed) (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2018) (“The Law of
Privilege”) at para 3.12, where it is noted that “oral communications are …
just as capable of attracting privilege as written communications”. What is
outside the scope of litigation privilege, however, are facts in issue: see
The Law of Privilege, at para 3.13. As the Prosecution conceded, litigation
privilege does not attach to facts in issue observed by witnesses.

15 I see no reason to depart from the principles established in Skandinaviska
that the two conditions to be met for a claim to litigation privilege are (a)
that the communications must have been made at a time when there was a
reasonable prospect of litigation; and (b) the communications must have been
made for the dominant purpose of litigation. Therefore, in respect of any
specific communication that the Prosecution wishes to claim litigation
privilege, it must show it falls to be protected by litigation privilege. In
relation to any communication during a witness interview/preparation session,
it seems to me that the first condition would be met. Instead, the contention
would be whether the communication was made or created for the dominant
purpose of litigation.

16 I note that on 23 May 2019, while not clearly articulated, the
Prosecution’s position was to the effect that a successful claim to litigation
privilege is absolute. Indeed, the Prosecution ran the alternative argument
that any line of questioning in relation to the communications in the two
scenarios would not be relevant. In its further arguments, as stated above,
the Prosecution accepted that there are limits to the claim to litigation
privilege. More significantly, the Prosecution put forth the necessity
exception for the court’s consideration.

17 Indeed, the ambit of litigation privilege (including its duration and
limitations) gives rise to difficult questions for consideration on future
occasions. In the context of criminal proceedings, a review of the positions
in the other jurisdictions shows inconsistent approaches and outcomes.
Nonetheless, the Prosecution accepted that certain established exceptions are
applicable. Litigation privilege, the Prosecution accepted, would fall away if
it has been waived (which would include implied waiver), as well as if the
communications were made in furtherance of an illegal purpose (which I shall
refer to as “the fraud exception”).

18 In this regard the Court of Appeal discussed the relevant principles of
implied waiver at length in ARX v Comptroller of Income Tax [2016] 5 SLR 590
(“ARX”), a case concerning legal advice privilege, at [65]–[71]. There is no
reason to think that these principles do not apply in the same way to the
implied waiver of litigation privilege. In my view, implied waiver could
potentially be applicable to the present circumstances – a matter I will
elaborate on at [25] below.

19 As for the fraud exception, this was held to apply to both legal advice and
litigation privilege in Gelatissimo Ventures (S) Pte Ltd and others v
Singapore Flyer Pte Ltd [2010] 1 SLR 833 at [62]–[67]. I would also think that
if there is sufficient reason to think that the witness’s testimony is tainted
by misconduct or abuse of process, such as witness tampering or witness
coaching, then the litigation privilege in the communications pursuant to
which such misconduct was carried out would also fall away: see Blank at
[44]–[45]. I consider this to be comparable to applying the fraud exception.
That said, I stress that there is no suggestion of such misconduct here.

20 Further, given the serious consequences of criminal proceedings for accused
persons, I find the Prosecution’s proposition that the law should recognise
that a claim to litigation privilege is subject to the necessity exception to
be a fair one. In essence, citing Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Evidence and the
Litigation Process (LexisNexis, 2017) at para 14.119, the Prosecution accepted
that “litigation privilege may have to be subjected to a balancing operation
where there is a competing interest of importance, such as the need of an
accused person to rely on evidence for his defence”. In other words, even if
the communication satisfies the conditions of litigation privilege, an accused
person may proceed to show that it would be necessary for him to rely on the
evidence, and that his interest outweighs that of the Prosecution claiming the
privilege.

21 I return to the situation at hand. To the parties’ credit, they were
broadly in agreement that in the course of the trial thus far, there have been
occasions when the Prosecution had prematurely objected to cross-examination
by Mr Sreenivasan on this ground, as well as occasions when Mr Sreenivasan had
prematurely cross-examined witnesses in a manner which sought to elicit
communications with the prosecutors/investigators before they had been
established to be relevant. As I stated previously, Defence Counsel should
first and foremost cross-examine a witness on the contents of his conditioned
statement and his oral evidence in court, ie, the facts in issue.

22 To test the witness’s personal knowledge of the facts in issue, questions
such as why a witness used a certain word, what he meant by the word, why and
how he selected the trades from a spreadsheet to give evidence on, why and how
he matched the trades to phone records, why and how he came to change any
aspect of his evidence, etc, are all proper and permissible questions. Thus,
the Prosecution should not be too hasty in objecting to these questions, even
if a witness in answering any of these questions may disclose the fact of a
communication with the prosecutors/investigators. In this regard, the Court of
Appeal has observed in ARX at [55] that “privilege only subsists in respect of
the confidential content of the communications … [t]he mere fact that such
communications had taken place is not in itself privileged” [emphasis in
original].

23 At the same time, without testing the authenticity of the witness’s
evidence, Defence Counsel should not, without more, launch into questions
concerning the nature of the communications which gave rise to the use of the
word, the selection of the trades, the matching of the trades to the phone
records, the change in evidence, etc, and the identities of the
prosecutors/investigators involved. Unless the witness’s evidence gives rise
to any concern as to his personal knowledge of the facts in issue and/or his
credibility, I do not view such questions as even being relevant to his
evidence (let alone sufficient to invoke the necessity exception).

24 However, where a concern arises about a witness’s personal knowledge of the
facts in issue, ie, his ability to remember those facts, the accuracy and
reliability of his evidence, etc, and/or his credibility is at stake, the
basis of the evidence he has given on the facts in issue may turn on the
communications during the witness interview/preparation sessions. The contents
of the communications with the prosecutors/investigators may then become
relevant. Should the Prosecution wish to claim litigation privilege over any
such communication, it will have to prove that the conditions are met.
Thereafter, the Defence Counsel may wish to assert that litigation privilege
should not apply, on the basis that the necessity exception applies. In this
regard, the Prosecution accepted that in relation to factual material “such as
a witness’s account of what he was shown or told during a witness interview”,
the threshold is not high.

25 At this point, I explain why the doctrine of implied waiver may potentially
be applicable, and how arguably, a similar result could be reached by applying
the doctrine of implied waiver. As the Court of Appeal explained in ARX at
[65]:

The doctrine of implied waiver has always been concerned with fairness of a
very particular sort. The principle of the matter, simply put, is that a party
cannot have his cake and eat it. If a party voluntarily puts privileged
material before the court, he cannot rely on the advantageous aspects of it to
advance his case but claim privilege in respect of the other less advantageous
aspects of the documents for fear that it might damage his case. … [emphasis
added]

Although in this passage the Court of Appeal referred variously to privileged
“material” and “documents”, I do not think that the Court intended by doing so
to exclude other privileged content, such as oral communications, from being
the subject of implied waiver. Once this is recognised, the prerequisites of
implied waiver may well be found in the present case. For example, if the
Prosecution were to prepare a document comprising filtered data for the
purpose of witness interview/preparation sessions, this document may be
subject to litigation privilege. However, if information contained in this
document is shown to the witness and thereafter reflected in his conditioned
statement or evidence before the court, the privilege in such information
would be expressly waived when that evidence is adduced. There would be no
express waiver, however, of other privileged material, such as those parts of
the filtered data that have not been adduced into evidence, and the
communications surrounding the witness interview/preparation sessions
(including, eg, the circumstances in which the document was shown to the
witness).

26 The next question is whether and to what extent waiver of privilege should
be implied. The Court of Appeal in ARX provided the following guidance at
[69]:

Given the importance of legal professional privilege, waiver is not to be
easily implied … . A court tasked to determine whether there has been an
implied waiver of privilege by reason of a reference made to privileged
material should approach the matter by examining all the circumstances of the
case including what has been disclosed (the materiality of the information in
the context of the pending proceedings); the circumstances under which the
disclosure took place (in particular, the position in the authorities appears
to be that disclosures of privileged material during trial almost invariably
results in a waiver); whether it may be said (albeit only as a relevant factor
as opposed to a single test) that the party had “relied” or “deployed” the
advice to advance his case; and whether it can be said that there is a risk
that an incomplete and misleading impression had been given. This list is not
exhaustive, and no one factor is determinative of the issue. Ultimately, the
court should ask itself whether, in all the circumstances of the case, it may
be said that – given what has already been revealed – fairness and consistency
require disclosure. This is a fact-sensitive exercise of judgment and the
inquiry is objective and not subjective … [emphasis in bold italics in
original; emphasis added in italics]

27 For present purposes, the most important factor would likely be “whether it
can be said that there is a risk that an incomplete and misleading impression
had been given”. When data prepared by the Prosecution (via filtering) is
adduced as the witness’s evidence, it may well be possible that the effect is
to give an incomplete and misleading picture of the witness’s own knowledge of
the information in question – including, for example, whether he understands
how and why the data was filtered. This would have an impact on the
reliability of his evidence. If so, adducing such evidence would amount to an
implied waiver of privilege, to the extent necessary to correct the incomplete
and misleading impression (and no further) (see ARX at [71]). For a start,
this may mean an implied waiver over the fact that the witness’s evidence
derives from being shown data that was already filtered (to the extent that
such a fact is protected by litigation privilege in the first place). Should
Defence Counsel wish to invoke or expand the scope of implied waiver based on
the evidence put forth by the Prosecution in such circumstances, it must be
carefully established what incomplete and misleading impression is being
given, and why the privileged communications will serve to correct this
impression.

28 I would emphasise that unlike the fraud exception, the touchstone of
implied waiver is fairness, and not misconduct. In the final analysis,
exceptions to privilege such as the fraud exception, the doctrine of implied
waiver and the necessity exception play complementary roles in ensuring that
the proper balance is achieved between the protection of litigation privilege
and fairness to the accused person in running his defence.

Conclusion

29 To conclude, on the first issue, I accept that the Prosecution is entitled
to assert litigation privilege, but that litigation privilege is subject to a
number of exceptions of potentially broad applicability.

30 As for the second issue, the following approach is to be adopted for the
trial:

(a) First, cross-examination should focus on the facts in issue. Where there
is concern about a witness’s personal knowledge of the facts in issue and/or
his credibility is at stake, the basis of the evidence he has given on the
facts would be relevant, and if it appears that that basis is rooted in
communications during the witness interview/preparation sessions, then those
communications would be relevant.

(b) Second, to object to cross-examination on the basis of litigation
privilege, the Prosecution must establish that the conditions for asserting
litigation privilege are satisfied in respect of the communications.

(c) Third, if Defence Counsel wishes to assert that litigation privilege
should not apply, Defence Counsel should show that any of the exceptions
applies. For the necessity exception, Defence Counsel must show that it is
necessary for the accused person to rely on the evidence for his defence, and
that his interest outweighs that of the Prosecution’s interest in withholding
the communications.

31 On a review of the evidence thus far based on the above, I do not think
that any privileged communication has been improperly disclosed. Nor do I
think that Defence Counsel have been improperly prevented from asking any
questions in cross-examination.

32 Finally, it leaves me to thank the parties, especially the Deputy Attorney-
General, who made the oral submissions on the Prosecution’s behalf, for the
further written and oral arguments on the issues.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge

Deputy Attorney-General Hri Kumar Nair SC, Peter Koy, Teo Guan Siew, Nicholas
Tan, Randeep Singh, Tan Ben Mathias, Loh Hui-Min, Ng Jean Ting and David Koh
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor;  
Narayanan Sreenivasan SC, Lim Wei Liang Jason and Tan Zhen Wei, Victoria (K&L
Gates Straits Law LLC) for the first accused; Philip Fong Yeng Fatt, Sui Yi
Siong and Lau Jia Min, Jaime (Eversheds Harry Elias LLP) for the second
accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

