Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 148

Suit No 388 of 2017

Between

Alam Jahangir  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Mega Metal Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

A N D

Between

Mega Metal Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

Alam Jahangir  
---  
  
… Defendant in Counterclaim

judgment

[Damages] — [Assessment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Alam Jahangir

  

v

  

Mega Metal Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 148

High Court — Suit No 388 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
20–21 March 2019; 9 May 2019

19 June 2019 Judgment reserved

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The background facts are set out in full in Alam Jahangir v Mega Metal Pte
Ltd [2018] SGHC 198 (“Alam Jahangir”) and I will set out only the facts
relevant for this assessment of damages hearing. The plaintiff is a 44-year-
old Bangladeshi national who was employed by the defendant as a metal melter,
caster and rolling mill operator. On 16 May 2016, the plaintiff operated a
machine which separated waste metal cans and attempted to dislodge two cans
that were stuck in the rollers of the machine. His arm was subsequently caught
and pulled into the rollers.

2 The plaintiff was sent to Ng Teng Fong General Hospital for emergency
treatment. He sustained a crush injury to his right arm, had a degloving near
amputation of the mid-upper segment of the right arm with a concomitant open
fracture of the right humerus, and underwent an arm reattachment procedure and
a wrist fusion surgery. In Alam Jahangir, I held that the defendant had
breached its duty of care owed to the plaintiff by not having sufficient
fencing to stop workers from reaching into the rollers, and found that the
plaintiff was 50% contributory negligent. The plaintiff returned to Bangladesh
on 1 Jan 2017 and is currently a chicken farmer earning $250 per month. This
hearing before me is for the assessment of damages.

3 I will first deal with the general damages, which includes pain and
suffering, future medical treatment, future transport expenses and the loss of
future earning capacity. Subsequently, I will deal with the special damages,
which includes pre-trial loss of earnings, medical expenses, transport
expenses and the loss of future earnings.

4 I am of the view that an award of $107,000 for pain and suffering is
reasonable. I take into account the loss arising from each distinct injury,
before considering the injuries to ensure that the overall award is reasonable
(Lua Bee Kiang (administrator of the estate of Chew Kong Seng, deceased) v Yeo
Chee Siong [2019] 1 SLR 145 (“Lua Bee Kiang”) at [12]–[13]). I will explain
how I arrived at this figure.

5 First, for the degolving near amputation of the mid-upper segment of the
plaintiff’s right arm (“Near Amputation”), Mr Srinivasan, counsel for the
plaintiff, asserts that based on the Guidelines for the Assessment of General
Damages in Personal Injury Cases (Academy Publishing, 2010) (“The 2010
Guidelines”), the court generally award damages in the range of $70,000 to
$76,000 for the amputation of one arm above the elbow. Mr Srinivasan submits
that a higher sum of $120,000 should be awarded to account for inflation. Mr
Ramasamy, counsel for the defendant, argues that since the plaintiff’s arm was
reattached, the appropriate category in The 2010 Guidelines should be for
severe injuries and the court generally award damages in the range of $45,000
to $63,000. Mr Ramasamy submits that a sum of $55,000 should be awarded. The
plaintiff now has no natural movement of his arm, and even if it was
reattached, it has limited use and function. I am of the view that Mr
Srinivasan’s claim regarding the impact of inflation is exaggerated, and I
thus award a sum of $75,000 for the Near Amputation.

6 Secondly, Mr Srinivasan submits that a sum of $20,000 should be awarded for
the concomitant open fracture of the right humerus (“Open Fracture”). Mr
Srinivasan relied on the cases of Ang Siam Hua v Teo Cheng Hoe [2004] SGHC 147
and Tan Shwu Leng v Singapore Airlines [2001] SGCA 70 where the court awarded
$15,000 and $13,000 respectively for the fracture of the humerus. Mr Ramasamy
demurs and submits that general damages awarded for the loss of functional use
of right arm above should encompass all other injuries, since they are all
located on the upper right limb and making separate awards will lead to over
compensation. There is no reason why the court cannot account for the loss
arising from each distinct injury, so long as the overall award is
proportionate to the injury suffered (Lua Bee Kiang at [10]–[13]), which is
the case here. Since the plaintiff has suffered a severe crush injury and was
required to go through numerous operations, I award him a sum of $15,000 for
the Open Fracture.

7 Thirdly, Mr Srinivasan submits that a sum of $25,000 ought to be awarded for
the plaintiff’s multiple scars. Mr Srinivasan relied on The 2010 Guidelines
where the courts generally award damages in the range of $5,000 to $15,000 for
multiple scars, and the case of Chiam Kim Loke v Lee Wing Hoong & Anor [2004]
SGHC 37 (“Chiam Kim Loke”) where the court awarded $20,000 for a plaintiff who
had over 25 scars on his leg, hip and hand. Mr Ramasamy argues that since the
plaintiff has only six scars, he should not obtain any award above the $20,000
in Chiam Kim Loke. The plaintiff has approximately 13 scars, with one
measuring up to 26cm at the posterior aspect of his right shoulder. These
scars are severe enough to justify an award of $15,000 for multiple scars.

8 Lastly, Mr Srinivasan submits that a sum of $5,000 ought to be awarded for
the wasting of the plaintiff’s right shoulder girdle muscles, and referred to
Shyam Sundar Yadav v Reganathan s/o Sammandham in DC Suit No 3149 of 2000
(“Shyam”) and Shela Devi d/o Perumal v Rawi bin Nahwari in HC Suit No 1191 of
1999 (“Shela”) where a sum of $2,000 for muscle wasting was awarded in both
instances. I award the plaintiff $2,000 for muscle wasting. There was no
evidence suggesting that the plaintiff’s condition here was worse than that in
either Shyam or Shela.

9 In total, the plaintiff is awarded general damages in sum of $107,000 for
pain and suffering. In the light of the fact that the plaintiff no longer has
any natural movement or feeling from his right shoulder to his hand, and that
his right arm is no longer functional, an overall award of $107,000 is
proportionate to his injury suffered. I move on to the plaintiff’s future
medical treatment.

10 I award the plaintiff a sum of $9,804.80 for his future medical expenses.
This consists of the following:

(a) $2,364.80 for consultations with a Hand & Reconstructive Microsurgery
Specialist at the National University Hospital. Dr Lee Soon Tai, the
plaintiff’s expert witness, opines that follow-up consultations are necessary,
as the plaintiff has undergone a traumatising reconstruction surgery and it is
necessary to monitor the pain and discomfort the plaintiff is experiencing. On
the contrary, Dr Chang Wei Chun, the defendant’s expert witness, believes that
the plaintiff does not require any further consultation since he has undergone
all the necessary procedures. After a reconstruction surgery, it may be in the
plaintiff’s best interest to periodically monitor the pain and numbness in his
arm. I observed at the hearing on 20 March 2019, that the plaintiff was
constantly clutching his right arm, seemingly in pain. I accept Dr Lee’s
proposal of two consultations per year for a period of ten years at an average
cost of $118.24 per visit.

(b) $1,000 for analgesia. Dr Lee opines that the plaintiff needs analgesia for
a total of five years at an average cost of $30 to $60 per month. Dr Chang
agreed that the plaintiff requires analgesia, but only at $100 per year for
five years from when he returned to Bangladesh. The plaintiff is now living in
Bangladesh and will likely be purchasing analgesia there. I award the
plaintiff a sum of $1,000 calculated at an annual cost of $100 for ten years.

(c) Dr Lee is of the view that the plaintiff requires Gabapentin, Tramadol and
Warfarin for 24 years at an average cost of $3.50 per day. Dr Chang opines
that these medications are unnecessary since they fall into the same category
as analgesia. I accept Dr Chang’s opinion that there is no necessity for these
other painkillers.

(d) $1,760 for hand occupational therapy. Dr Lee opines that the plaintiff
requires twenty sessions (at ten sessions per course) of hand occupational
therapy at $105.90 per session for the next five years, while Dr Chang demurs
and states that the plaintiff only requires ten sessions (one course) at $70
per session. I am of the view that it is in the plaintiff’s best interest to
undergo two courses of hand occupational therapy, and award the plaintiff a
sum of $1,760 calculated at an average cost of $88 per session for 20
sessions.

(e) $4,680 for the removal of deep implants from the plaintiff’s upper limb
and post-operative hand occupational therapy. Dr Lee believes that the
plaintiff’s deep implants should be removed to allow the bones to heal and
strengthen over time. On the contrary, Dr Chang asserts that such a removal
may result in another fracture, and the deep implants should remain to
strengthen the bone. In the light of the contradicting expert opinions, it may
perhaps be best to err on the safe side and I award the plaintiff a sum of
$4,680 for the removal of his implants and post-operative hand occupational
therapy.

11 The next claim is for future transport expenses. Mr Srinivasan and Mr
Ramasamy submits a sum of $1,000 and $100 respectively. It is expected that
transport expenses will be incurred, but the mode and frequency, not to
mention the exact charges are not easy to determine. I think that $1000 is
probably too high, and $100, too low. Accordingly, I award the plaintiff a sum
of $500 for his future transport expenses.

12 The last claim for general damages is for the loss of earning capacity. As
enunciated by the Court of Appeal in Mykytowych, Pamela Jane v V I P Hotel
[2016] 4 SLR 829 (“Pamela Jane”) at [139] and [140]:

[139] … [T]he test to be applied in determining whether to make any award for
loss of future earning capacity is whether there is a real risk that the
plaintiff will be at a disadvantage in the open employment market because of
the injury sustained in the accident.

[140] … An award for loss of future earning capacity is given as part of
general damages in order to compensate a plaintiff for the weakening of his
competitive position in the open labour market …

Mr Srinivasan submits that a sum of $220,000 should be awarded since the
plaintiff is unable to continue his employment in his pre-accident vocation.
Mr Ramasamy demurs and submits that no award should be made since the
plaintiff has failed to adduce any evidence as to how he would be handicapped
or forced into the labour market in Bangladesh. The plaintiff was a skilled
worker in the manufacturing industry until the accident where he lost the
function and mobility of his right arm, and continues to suffer from a
deformed, angulated and shortened dominant right arm. It is clear that the
plaintiff is no longer able to meet the physical demands required as a skilled
manual labour, and is at a disadvantage in the labour market in Bangladesh.
Both Dr Lee and Dr Chang also agreed that the plaintiff is not fit for
employment for any manual work. I therefore award the plaintiff a sum of
$36,000 for his loss of future earning capacity in Bangladesh. This is
calculated at a rate of $500 per month over a period of six years. I will
subsequently deal with the plaintiff’s claim for his loss of future income in
Singapore, which is a claim under special damages.

13 The first claim under special damages is the plaintiff’s pre-trial loss of
earnings. The plaintiff was earning $1,991.22 per month at the time of the
accident. From the date of the accident, 16 May 2016, till the date of the
assessment of damages hearing on 20 and 21 March 2019, the plaintiff would
have earned approximately $69,692.70 ($1,991.22 x 35 months) in wages had it
not been for the accident. The plaintiff has received medical leave wages
amounting to $12,383.61 from the defendant. Between January 2017 to March
2019, the plaintiff has earned a total of $6,750 calculated at $250 per month
from his chicken farming business in Bangladesh. Therefore, I award the
plaintiff a sum of $50,559.09 ($69,692.70 – $12,383.61 – $6,750) for his pre-
trial loss of earnings.

14 The next claim is for medical expenses for painkillers in Bangladesh. Mr
Srinivasan submits that the plaintiff has incurred $1,200 for the purchase of
painkillers in Bangladesh, but was unable to provide any receipts of such
payment. Special damages are awarded only for real assessable loss proved by
evidence (see Pamela Jane at [140]). Absent documentary proof, I decline to
make any award in this regard.

15 The third claim is for transport expenses. This is agreed at $300 between
parties.

16 The last claim is for the loss of future earnings. Mr Srinivasan submits
that the plaintiff should be awarded a total sum of $242,347.68. This includes
a sum of $167,262.48 calculated at a rate of $1991.22 per month for seven
years in Singapore, and another $75,085.20 calculated at a rate of $1,251.42 a
month for five years in United Arab Emirates. Mr Ramasamy submits that the
plaintiff should only be awarded a total of $57,740.52. This includes a sum of
$48,283.92 calculated at a rate of $1,341.22 per month for three years in
Singapore, and another $9,465.60 calculated at a rate of $157.76 per month for
five years in Bangladesh.

17 The plaintiff has worked for 12 years in Singapore, and parties accept that
the maximum number of years that the plaintiff could have worked in Singapore
is 22 years, till May 2025. Any possible extension beyond May 2025 is purely
speculative. I am of the view that had it not been for the accident, the
plaintiff would reasonably have continued working in Singapore for another
nine years, till May 2025. I also acknowledge that the plaintiff earns $250
per month from his chicken farming business in Bangladesh, and have awarded
the plaintiff a sum of $$50,559.09 for his pre-trial loss of income between
May 2016 and March 2019. I therefore award the plaintiff a further sum of
$125,367.84 calculated at $1,741.22 ($1,991.22 – $250) per month for an
approximate six years, between April 2019 to May 2025, for his loss of future
earnings in Singapore.

18 I held that the plaintiff was 50% contributory negligent and he is hence
entitled to a total sum of $164,765.87 (50% x $329,531.73). I recapitulate my
findings below:

(a) $107,000 for pain and suffering;

(b) $9,804.80 for future medical expenses;

(c) $500 for future transport expenses;

(d) $36,000 for loss of future earning capacity;

(e) $50,559.09 for pre-trial loss of earnings;

(f) $300 for transport expenses; and

(g) $125,367.84 for loss of future earnings.

19 The defendant has paid the plaintiff a total of $166,345.51 for his medical
expenses, as well as medical leave wages of $12,083.61. The latter has already
been taken into account at [13] above. In Alam Jahangir, I allowed the
defendant to have 50% of the medical expenses paid to be set-off against its
outstanding liability to the plaintiff. This amounts to $83,172.76. Therefore,
I order that the defendant pay the plaintiff the sum of $81,593.11
($164,765.87 – $83,172.76). The defendant is to pay the plaintiff costs at 50%
to be taxed if not agreed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Namasivayam Srinivasan (Hoh Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Ramasamy s/o Karuppan Chettiar and Simone B Chettiar (Central Chambers Law
Corporation) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

