Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 111

Originating Summons No 510 of 2018

(Summons No 2196 of 2018)

In the matter of Order 52 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of an application by the Attorney-General for an order of
committal for contempt of court

And

In the matter of Sections 3(1)(a) and 10(1) of the Administration of Justice
(Protection) Act 2016 (No 19 of 2016)

Between

The Attorney-General  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Wham Kwok Han Jolovan  
---  
  
… Respondent

Originating Summons No 537 of 2018

(Summons No 2192 of 2018)

In the matter of Order 52 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of an application by the Attorney-General for an order of
committal for contempt of court

And

In the matter of Sections 3(1)(a) and 10(1) of the Administration of Justice
(Protection) Act 2016 (No 19 of 2016)

Between

The Attorney-General  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Tan Liang Joo John  
---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment on Sentence

[Contempt of Court] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Attorney-General

  

v

  

Wham Kwok Han Jolovan and another matter

[2019] SGHC 111

High Court — Originating Summonses Nos 510 and 537 of 2018 (Summonses Nos 2196
and 2192 of 2018)  
Woo Bih Li J  
20 March 2019

29 April 2019 Judgment reserved.

Woo Bih Li J:

1 In Originating Summons No 510 of 2018, Summons No 2196 of 2018, Wham Kwok
Han Jolovan (“Wham”) was convicted on 9 October 2018 for the offence of
contempt by scandalising the court (“scandalising contempt”) under s 3(1)(a)
of the Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016 (Act 19 of 2016) (“the
Act”). In Originating Summons No 537 of 2018, Summons No 2192 of 2018, Tan
Liang Joo John (“Tan”) was also convicted on 9 October 2018 for scandalising
contempt under the same provision. Wham and Tan are collectively referred to
as “the Respondents”.

2 The circumstances as to how the Respondents respectively committed
scandalising contempt are set out in my judgment dated 9 October 2018
(Attorney-General v Wham Kwok Han Jolovan and another matter [2018] SGHC 222
(“Wham Kwok Han Jolovan”)). The conduct that was scandalising contempt
pertained to the Respondents’ respective posts on their Facebook profiles
(referred to as “Wham’s post” and “Tan’s post” respectively).

3 On 20 March 2019, I heard the parties on the appropriate sentences for Wham
and Tan respectively, and reserved judgment.

Appropriate sentence for Wham

4 I address first the issue of the appropriate sentence for Wham.

Parties’ arguments

5 In summary, the Attorney-General (“the AG”) submitted that the appropriate
sentence for Wham is a fine in the range of $10,000 to $15,000, with two to
three weeks’ imprisonment in default. The AG also submitted that the court
should order Wham to publish a notice to apologise for his post, and this
order should be made subject to conditions including one that Wham’s post be
removed forthwith. Should the court decline to order Wham to publish a notice
to apologise, the AG was still seeking a separate order for Wham to remove his
post forthwith.

6 On the other hand, Wham submitted that the appropriate sentence is a fine in
the range of $4,000 to $6,000, with one week’s imprisonment in default. Wham
also submitted that the court should neither order him to publish a notice to
apologise for his post nor order him to remove his post forthwith.

The AG’s arguments

(1) Sentence

7 The AG contended that cases on scandalising contempt at common law remain
relevant as sentencing precedents for the offence of scandalising contempt
under s 3(1)(a) of the Act. In particular, the AG argued that the case of Au
Wai Pang v Attorney-General [2016] 1 SLR 992 (“Au Wai Pang”) provides the most
useful reference point for determining the appropriate sentence for Wham. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See AG’s Submissions on Sentence and Costs against Wham (“AG’s WS-W”) at para
22.

Like the contemnor in Au Wai Pang who had created and published his
contemptuous article on the Internet, ie, his blog, Wham had published his
post on the Internet (on his Facebook profile), a medium through which such
material can be spread quickly and widely.

8 The AG, however, argued that Wham’s culpability was higher and his conduct
was more egregious than the culpability and conduct of the contemnor in Au Wai
Pang, upon whom a fine of $8,000 had been imposed. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

See AG’s WS-W at para 23.

The AG argued that Wham’s post was an indiscriminate attack on the entire
Singapore judiciary, while the contemptuous article in Au Wai Pang had only
been directed at specific members of the Singapore judiciary. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

See AG’s WS-W at para 24.

The AG also contended that Wham’s post, while ostensibly about proceedings in
Malaysia, “was really a sly dig at the Singapore courts”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

See AG’s WS-W at para 29.

9 The AG also submitted that Wham showed an utter lack of remorse, in that as
at the hearing on the appropriate sentence for Wham, he had neither removed
his post from his Facebook profile nor apologised. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

See AG’s WS-W at paras 26, 28.

The AG further argued that in so doing, Wham showed a blatant disregard for
the finding of this court that he committed scandalising contempt. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

See Notes of Arguments (“NAs”) at p 2 lines 19–21.

The AG submitted Wham’s lack of contrition as a substantial aggravating factor
in this case. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See AG’s WS-W at para 28.

In contrast, the AG argued that the contemnor in Au Wai Pang had demonstrated
remorse in removing his contemptuous article from his blog after the court
granted leave to the AG to apply for an order of committal against him, and in
apologising. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

See AG’s WS-W at para 25.

10 The AG also argued that the potential extent of dissemination of Wham’s
post was greater than that of the contemptuous article in Au Wai Pang due to
the extended period of time for which Wham’s post remained online. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See AG’s WS-W at para 26.

The AG further contended that the extent of dissemination of Wham’s post was
further amplified by two further posts that Wham published on his Facebook
profile on 8 October 2018 and 9 October 2018 respectively. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

See AG’s WS-W at para 27.

The AG submitted that each of these further posts appeared on its face to be
for the purposes of informing the public of the status/outcome of the
proceedings against Wham for scandalising contempt, but each also included a
republication of the contemptuous content of Wham’s post.

(2) Notice to apologise

11 Next, the AG submitted that the court should also order Wham to publish a
notice to apologise for his post, pursuant to s 12(3) of the Act. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See AG’s WS-W at paras 30, 32.

In the written submissions to the court, the AG annexed a draft notice for the
apology. The AG argued that this order should be made subject to certain
conditions, including that: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See AG’s WS-W at para 32, Annex.

(a) Wham’s post be removed forthwith;

(b) any and all republication of Wham’s post in whole or in part be removed;

(c) the notice to apologise remain published for as long as Wham’s post was
online;

(d) Wham accepted that his post wrongfully alleged that the Singapore courts
lacked integrity and were not impartial;

(e) Wham undertook not to republish his post or any part of it in any form or
medium; and

(f) Wham undertook not to put up any posts, or do any other act, that amounted
to contempt of court in future.

The AG submitted that these conditions included the usual and natural
expressions of an apology. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

See NAs at p 25 lines 20–22.

12 The AG submitted that ordering Wham to publish a notice to apologise is
necessary because he has failed to remove his post or apologise for it. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

See AG’s WS-W at para 31.

The AG argued that in so far as it is necessary to purge scandalising
contempt, such an order would be appropriate. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

See NAs at p 15 lines 22–23.

13 In this regard, the AG was essentially contending that in general, the
court should order a contemnor to publish a notice to apologise under s 12(3)
as long as he refused to apologise/remove his contemptuous publication. The AG
argued that there was no indication that the court is only to make such an
order in exceptional cases. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

See NAs at p 16 lines 17–19.

Instead, the AG argued that the relevant provisions, ss 12(2) to 12(5) of the
Act (set out at [40] below), have a common thread showing that the purpose of
making such an order is to purge the contempt of the contemnor. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

See NAs at p 16 lines 24–28.

The AG submitted that there is a public interest in purging such contempt of
court, which is unlike the private right of an individual not to be defamed
where the remedy could be to increase the damages and penalties. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

See NAs at p 19 lines 26–29, p 22 lines 9–15.

The AG also argued that there was no reason why the court should tolerate the
contempt of court being left unpurged, like in this case, with Wham’s post
remaining on his Facebook profile, and that the natural consequence of a
finding of scandalising contempt should be that Wham be ordered to remove his
post forthwith. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

See NAs at p 29 lines 21–23, p 34 lines 29–31, p 35 lines 1–4.

14 In line with the purpose of purging contempt, the AG further contended that
the focus of s 12(3) is the efficacy of the notice to apologise in purging the
said contempt. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

See NAs at p 26 lines 4–5.

The AG thus argued that the court should order Wham to publish the notice to
apologise in the same manner as that in which he had published the
contemptuous publication, so as to inform the same target audience that the
contempt has been purged. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

See NAs at p 23 lines 12–22.

15 However, the AG did not refer to any parliamentary debates or case
authority, including from foreign jurisdictions, to assist the court in
determining when it should order a contemnor to apologise. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

See NAs at p 21 lines 22–26.

16 The AG also submitted that the purpose of ordering a contemnor to publish a
notice to apologise is not to extract a genuine apology from him. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See eg, NAs at p 16 lines 29–30.

The AG submitted that s 12(3) would be rendered otiose if the court took a
view that an apology must be genuine. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

See eg, NAs at p 17 lines 23–26.

17 The AG also stated that should the court order Wham to publish a notice to
apologise for his post and he thereafter refused to do so, this would be
considered an act of contempt of court. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

See NAs at p 23 lines 23–27.

(3) Removal of Wham’s post

18 It was during the hearing on sentence that the AG submitted that should the
court decline to order Wham to publish a notice to apologise for his post, the
AG was still seeking a separate order for Wham to remove his post forthwith.
The AG relied on s 9(d) of the Act to argue that the court had the inherent
power to issue an injunction to restrain what the AG seemed to refer to
interchangeably as: (i) Wham’s “continuing contempt” in “publishing” his post,
(ii) Wham’s continuing contempt in not removing his post, or (iii) the
“continuing publication” of the post. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

See NAs at p 27 lines 8–14, p 28 lines 4–6, p 65 lines 3–5.

The AG contended that such an injunction would be a prohibitory injunction and
not a mandatory injunction. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

See eg, NAs at p 33 lines 22–24.

19 As with the notice to apologise, the AG submitted that such an injunction
is necessary to purge Wham’s scandalising contempt. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See NAs at p 29 lines 3–4.

20 However, the AG did not refer to any parliamentary debates or case
authority, including from foreign jurisdictions, to assist the court in
determining when it should order a contemnor to remove his contemptuous
publication. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See NAs at p 31 lines 3–14.

Instead, the AG drew an analogy to defamation cases. Referring the court to
Chin Bay Ching v Merchant Ventures Pte Ltd [2005] 3 SLR(R) 142 (“Chin Bay
Ching”) at [23], the AG argued that a court would issue a prohibitory
injunction as a matter of course.

Wham’s arguments

(1) Sentence

21 With regard to the appropriate sentence, Wham did not dispute that Au Wai
Pang is an appropriate reference point for sentencing. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See Wham’s Submissions on Sentence and Costs (“Wham’s Submissions”) at para
10.

However, he contended that his conduct was less egregious than the contemnor’s
in Au Wai Pang and argued that his sentence should be much lower than the
latter’s.

22 First, Wham argued that his post was more general and superficial than the
contemptuous article in Au Wai Pang, which had been far more detailed,
acerbic, calculated and insidious, and had alleged grave misconduct on the
part of key figures in the Singapore judiciary. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Wham’s Submissions at paras 11–13.

Wham submitted that the court should also consider his subjective intention in
publishing his post. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See NAs at p 37 lines 1–4.

In his submissions on liability, Wham had submitted that his intention had
been to compare the judicial philosophies of the courts in Singapore and
Malaysia (see Wham Kwok Han Jolovan at [84]).

23 Second, Wham argued that the extent of dissemination of his post was much
less than that of the contemptuous article in Au Wai Pang, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See Wham’s Submissions at para 14.

because the average reasonable person was unlikely to take Wham’s post with
the same degree of seriousness and credibility as he would have taken the
contemptuous article in Au Wai Pang. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

See Wham’s Submissions at paras 15, 17.

Wham submitted that he never held himself out as a professional journalist,
blogger, commentator or authoritative news source, while the contemnor in Au
Wai Pang was a well-known Internet blogger with far greater influence and
reach than Wham on Internet mediums. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Wham’s Submissions at paras 16–17.

24 Third, Wham argued that his post being on his Facebook profile was
“ephemeral”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

See Wham’s Submissions at para 18.

He contended that the contemptuous article in Au Wai Pang would have been a
more enduring form of publication and would have commanded a far greater
degree of a reader’s attention.

25 Wham further argued that an overly harsh sentence imposed upon him would
have a chilling effect on public discourse and constructive public discussion
in Singapore. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Wham’s Submissions at para 21.

Wham also submitted that he is a first-time offender. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Wham’s Submissions at para 22.

(2) Notice to apologise

26 In relation to an order for him to publish a notice to apologise for his
post, Wham argued that the court should only make such an order under s 12(3)
of the Act in very exceptional circumstances (see the case of Chin Bay Ching
([20] supra) set in the defamation context at [25]), and the present case did
not comprise such exceptional circumstances. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See Wham’s Submissions at paras 27–28.

Wham argued that such an order would be manifestly excessive and
disproportionate, and would go beyond punishing his objective culpability and
seek to “polic[e] his subjective intentions”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Wham’s Submissions at para 29.

Wham contended that it went against the very nature and purpose of an apology
to compel a contemnor to apologise (see Chin Bay Ching at [25]). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

See Wham’s Submissions at paras 24, 26.

27 Wham also argued that the notice to apologise as sought by the AG went
beyond requiring him to apologise for his post. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Wham’s Submissions at para 31.

Wham further submitted that s 12(3) did not provide the court with the powers
to make an order to publish a notice to apologise subject to some of the
conditions that the AG was seeking (see [11] above). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Wham’s Submissions at paras 32–33.

(3) Removal of Wham’s post

28 As for the separate order the AG was seeking for Wham to remove his post,
Wham submitted that such an order was a mandatory injunction and that it was
rare for the court to issue such a mandatory injunction. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

See NAs at p 52 lines 16–17.

Decision

29 I reproduce the statement in Wham’s post:

Malaysia’s judges are more independent than Singapore’s for cases with
political implications. Will be interesting to see what happens to this
challenge.

Sentence

30 Under s 12(1)(a) of the Act, a person who commits contempt of court, which
includes scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a), shall be liable to be punished
with a fine not exceeding $100,000 or with imprisonment for a term not
exceeding three years or with both.

31 The sentencing guidelines for the offence of scandalising contempt were
summarised by the Court of Appeal in Shadrake Alan v Attorney-General [2011] 3
SLR 778 at [147]:

Some of the more common sentencing guidelines or factors in the context of
contempt proceedings include the following: the culpability of the contemnor;
the nature and gravity of the contempt (see, eg, [Attorney-General v Tan Liang
Joo John and others [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1132 (“Tan Liang Joo John”)] at [31]); the
seriousness of the occasion on which the contempt was committed (see, eg, Tan
Liang Joo John at [31]); the number of contemptuous statements made (see, eg,
[Attorney-General v Zimmerman Fred and others [1985-1986] SLR(R) 476] at [51]
and [Attorney-General v Hertzberg Daniel and others [2009] 1 SLR(R) 1103
(“Hertzberg”)] at [59]); the type and extent of dissemination of the
contemptuous statements; the importance of deterring would-be contemnors from
following suit (see, eg, Tan Liang Joo John at [31]); whether the contemnor is
a repeat offender (see, eg, Hertzberg at [59]); and whether or not the
contemnor was remorseful (this particular factor being embodied
paradigmatically in a sincere apology (see, eg, Hertzberg at [59] and Tan
Liang Joo John at [39])). However, the categories of guidelines or factors are
obviously not closed and much would depend, in the final analysis, on the
precise facts and context concerned.

32 I make two preliminary points. First, Wham might not have held himself out
as a professional journalist, blogger, commentator or authoritative news
source, but he did submit that he was a social activist (see Wham Kwok Han
Jolovan at [83]). It was not Wham’s case that he had, or would have had,
little or no influence and reach through his Facebook profile.

33 Second, I do not accept the AG’s submission that the extent of
dissemination of Wham’s post was further amplified by the two further posts
that Wham published on his Facebook profile on 8 October 2018 and 9 October
2018 respectively (see [10] above). While Wham republished the contemptuous
content of Wham’s post in these two further posts, it appears to me that these
further posts were for the purposes of informing the public of the
status/outcome of the proceedings against him for scandalising contempt.

34 In this case, I accept that Au Wai Pang serves as a useful reference for
determining the appropriate sentence for Wham, since the contemptuous material
in Au Wai Pang had also been published on the Internet.

35 In Au Wai Pang, the contemnor was a first-time offender for scandalising
contempt. Likewise, this is the first time that Wham is convicted for
scandalising contempt.

36 However, I am of the view that Wham’s culpability and the gravity of his
scandalising contempt were clearly less than the culpability of the contemnor
in Au Wai Pang and the gravity of that scandalising contempt. Wham’s post
contained a bare statement impugning the integrity and impartiality of
Singapore’s judges (see Wham Kwok Han Jolovan at [96]). In great contrast, the
contemptuous article in Au Wai Pang was 16 paragraphs long and was by far a
more targeted and detailed attack on certain members of the judiciary. The
entire thrust of the article was to allege, with specificity, certain vested
and improper interests on the part of these members (see Au Wai Pang at [48]).
These allegations were also carefully crafted to take the form of insinuations
as opposed to express views, thereby making the article even more insidious
(see Au Wai Pang at [48], [54]).

37 On the other hand, Wham did not show any remorse for his post as he refused
to remove it from his Facebook profile and refused to apologise for his post
even after conviction. In Au Wai Pang, the contemnor apparently removed his
contemptuous article from his blog after the court granted leave to the AG to
apply for an order of committal against him. The contemnor there also
apologised (see Au Wai Pang at [10]).

38 In Au Wai Pang, the contemnor was sentenced to a fine of $8,000.

39 In my view, a sentence of a fine of $5,000, with one week’s imprisonment in
default, would be appropriate for Wham for the offence of scandalising
contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the Act in the circumstances. The fine is to be
paid within eight days from and including the date of this judgment.

Notice to apologise

40 In addition to any punishment imposed under s 12(1) of the Act, the court
may also make an order under s 12(3) that a contemnor publish a notice to
apologise for his contemptuous publication. The relevant provisions in
relation to an apology are ss 12(2) to 12(5) which state:

Punishment for contempt of court

…

(2) In addition to any punishment imposed under subsection (1), where a person
has committed contempt in relation to the proceedings before a court, the
court may refuse to hear the person until the contempt is purged or the person
submits to the order or direction of the court or an apology is made to the
satisfaction of the court.

(3) In addition to any punishment imposed under subsection (1), the court may,
on its own motion or on application by the applicant in the contempt
proceedings, make an order that the person who has committed contempt must
publish such notice, and in such manner, as the court thinks necessary to
apologise for the contemptuous publication.

(4) An order under subsection (3) may be made subject to such exceptions or
conditions (including the duration for which the notification must be made
accessible to members of the public) as may be specified in the order.

(5) Despite subsection (1), the court may discharge the person who has
committed contempt or remit the punishment or any part of it on his or her
purging of the contempt, submission to the order or direction of the court or
on apology being made to the satisfaction of the court.

…

41 Where a contemnor refuses to purge his contempt, whether in refusing to
apologise or in refusing to remove his contemptuous publication, a question
may arise as to whether the court should make an order under s 12(3) for him
to publish a notice to apologise. It is clear that the purpose of making such
an order is not to extract a sincere apology from such a contemnor since if he
were sincere about it, he need not be compelled to apologise. The question
then is under what circumstances the court should make such an order.

42 I do not agree with the AG’s submission that there should be a general
approach to order a contemnor to publish a notice to apologise to purge his
contempt if he failed to do so voluntarily. Just because the court now has the
power to make such an order under s 12(3) does not mean that the court should
generally exercise it as long as the contemnor does not apologise.

43 Seen in this light, whilst purging the contempt of a contemnor may be one
of the intended effects of an order under s 12(3), I do not think that the
overriding concern of s 12(3) is to purge such contempt. Prior to the Act,
there did not seem to have been a need for a contemnor to purge his
scandalising contempt by apologising for it. The AG did not refer the court to
the parliamentary debates to show that Parliament considered that there was
such a necessity when enacting the Act, or that Parliament generally intended
for a contemnor to purge his scandalising contempt by apologising for it.

44 After all, a contemnor’s failure to purge his scandalising contempt, which
also evidences his lack of remorse, is a factor the court takes into account
when sentencing him.

45 In so far as a notice to apologise published in the same manner as the
contemptuous publication may be efficacious in informing that target audience
that the contemptuous publication is scandalising contempt, this has to be
weighed against the factor that the contemnor has refused to purge his
scandalising contempt. It seems meaningless to order a contemnor to apologise
when the apology would not be sincere.

46 Furthermore, if a contemnor refused to publish a notice to apologise as
ordered by the court, he might further be liable for an act of contempt of
court, and more time and resources may have to be spent to commence
proceedings against him again. This may result in a disproportionate use of
such time and resources as compared with the original offence.

47 In Re Ouellet (Nos 1 and 2) (1977) 72 DLR (3d) 95 at 100, Tremblay CJQ (in
the Quebec Court of Appeal) was of the view that it was not useful to compel
the contemnor in question to apologise. He said:

As to the sentence, the order of probation includes the obligation by the
appellant to present apologies. It is evident that if he does it, the
appellant will not do it willingly. With respect to the contrary opinion, I am
not at all convinced that it is useful to impose this obligation on the
appellant. Forced apologies are humiliating for the person uttering them.
Moreover, in the present case, they would not mean anything to persons
concerned, except maybe to tickle their ego and they would not in any way
better the administration of justice in Canada. Finally, if the appellant
persisted in refusing to apologize, the Superior Court and, maybe the Court of
Appeal, would have to devote to this case time which would be better employed
for more important cases for the people of Canada. I would therefore strike
out the order of probation forcing him to apologize.

48 As there is no general rule that the court should order a contemnor to
publish a notice to apologise for his contemptuous publication, the court will
have to consider the facts of each case before deciding whether to make such
an order.

49 The AG did not raise any specific circumstance to warrant ordering Wham to
publish a notice to apologise besides the general arguments made. In the
circumstances of this case, I do not think that it is necessary to make an
order that Wham publish a notice to apologise for his post pursuant to s
12(3). His refusal to apologise would be and was taken into account in
determining the appropriate sentence for him.

50 The Respondents are the first individuals against whom proceedings were
commenced for scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the Act. It is
premature for this court to set out the circumstances under which a court
should order a contemnor to publish a notice to apologise for his contemptuous
publication pursuant to s 12(3).

51 Given that I find it unnecessary to order Wham to publish a notice to
apologise for his post, there is no further question of imposing conditions in
respect of the order.

Removal of Wham’s post

52 It appears that the court has the power to order Wham to remove his post
from his Facebook profile, although this power may not be explicitly stated in
s 9(d) of the Act. Section 9(d) states:

Inherent power of court

9. Nothing in this Act limits or affects the inherent powers of a court, including but not limited to —

…

(d) the power of the High Court or the Court of Appeal to issue an injunction
including but not limited to an interim injunction to restrain a contempt of
court; and

…

53 I am of the view that “an interim injunction to restrain a contempt of
court” relates to a prohibitory injunction, and not a mandatory injunction. I
have my doubts with the AG’s submission that an order for Wham to remove his
post would be a prohibitory injunction. It seems to me that an order for Wham
to remove his post would be a mandatory injunction.

54 Be that as it may, s 9(d) seems to include a mandatory injunction. After
all, it refers to the power to issue “an injunction”. This is wide enough to
encompass both a prohibitory injunction as well as a mandatory injunction. The
next clause, “including but not limited to an interim injunction to restrain a
contempt of court”, provides only an illustration of the kind of injunction
that may be issued. The question then is under what circumstances the court
should issue a mandatory injunction for a contemnor to remove his contemptuous
publication which is still accessible to the public at large.

55 In so far as the AG submitted that ordering Wham to remove his post is
necessary to purge his scandalising contempt, similar considerations as those
mentioned at [42]–[48] above apply. I do not think that there should be a
general approach to order a contemnor to remove his contemptuous publication
to purge his contempt if he failed to do so voluntarily. Again, a contemnor’s
failure to purge his scandalising contempt, which also evidences his lack of
remorse, is a factor the court takes into account when sentencing him.
Moreover, if a contemnor refused to remove his contemptuous publication as
ordered by the court, more time and resources may have to be spent to commence
proceedings against him again, resulting in a disproportionate use of such
time and resources as compared with the original offence.

56 The court will have to consider the facts of each case before deciding
whether to issue a mandatory injunction for a contemnor to remove his
contemptuous publication.

57 I observe that the Minister for Law, Mr K Shanmugam, had made a remark in
the parliamentary debates, albeit in relation to the power of the AG to give a
non-publication direction under s 13 of the Act. The Minister remarked that
“[a contemptuous or an allegedly contemptuous] article could be there for
weeks by which point in time, there is no point taking it down anyway”
(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (15 August 2016) vol 94). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AG’s BOA against Wham (for liability) at Tab 11, p 97.

The Minister was referring to a contemptuous or an allegedly contemptuous
article that had been published online publicly and the need to act quickly in
certain situations to require that the publication be taken down. His point
was that if there were no avenue to act quickly, it would be pointless to act
later.

58 This brings me to another point the AG stressed, that Wham’s post has
remained on his Facebook profile for several months, thus suggesting that this
scandalising contempt is continuing and should be dealt with. However, this
submission had assumed that Wham’s post would retain whatever significance it
originally had. The reality is that such a post would ordinarily recede into
the background with the passage of time unless attention was drawn to it by
some other development.

59 The AG did not raise any specific circumstance to warrant ordering Wham to
remove his post besides the general arguments made. In the circumstances of
this case, I do not think that it is necessary to issue a mandatory injunction
for Wham to remove his post. His refusal to remove it would be and was taken
into account in determining the appropriate sentence for him. Moreover, as
mentioned, given that Wham’s post has been published on his Facebook profile
since 27 April 2018, which is about a year ago, his post would ordinarily have
receded into the background on his Facebook profile.

60 As in the case of making an order for a contemnor to publish a notice to
apologise for his contemptuous publication, it is premature for this court, at
this point, to set out the circumstances under which a court should issue a
mandatory injunction for a contemnor to remove his contemptuous publication.

Appropriate sentence for Tan

61 I proceed to address the issue of the appropriate sentence for Tan.

Parties’ arguments

62 In summary, the AG submitted that, in view of an antecedent, the
appropriate sentence for Tan should not be less than the sentence imposed upon
him for his previous conviction for scandalising contempt, ie, it should not
be less than 15 days’ imprisonment. In the written submissions to the court
and at the hearing on the appropriate sentence for Tan, the AG also submitted
that the court should order Tan to publish a notice to apologise for his post,
and order him to remove his post forthwith. However, at the hearing on
sentence, Tan said that he would remove his post from his Facebook profile. I
understand from the letter Tan’s counsel later sent to the court dated 21
March 2019 that Tan’s post has been removed. I will elaborate later on why Tan
eventually decided, at the hearing, to remove his post (see [76] below).

63 In Tan’s written submissions to the court dated 30 October 2018, he had
submitted that the appropriate sentence is not more than three days’
imprisonment. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Tan’s Submissions on Sentence and Costs (“Tan’s Submissions”) at para 4.

He did not ask for a fine. His written submissions gave the impression that he
did not suggest a fine because of his antecedent. In his written submissions,
Tan also submitted that this court should neither order him to publish a
notice to apologise for his post nor order him to remove his post forthwith.

64 However, during the hearing, Tan explained that he had made a submission
for a short custodial sentence instead of a fine primarily because being
sentenced to a fine of not less than $2,000 would disqualify him from being a
Member of Parliament. As Tan was seeking to persuade the court to impose a
custodial sentence instead of a fine, he also offered to remove his post from
his Facebook profile, as mentioned above. In the course of the hearing, Tan
also submitted that the appropriate sentence for him is seven days’
imprisonment instead. I will elaborate on these points below (see [73]–[77]
below).

65 In the light of the above, I will begin by setting out Tan’s arguments in
his written submissions to the court, and then his arguments at the hearing,
before I set out the AG’s arguments.

Tan’s arguments

(1) Written submissions to the court

66 As mentioned, in Tan’s written submissions, he had submitted that the
appropriate sentence for him is not more than three days’ imprisonment. (I
will discuss at [77] below how at the hearing, this submission changed to
seven days’ imprisonment.)

67 Tan submitted that his post was a single sentence which in itself did not
bear the elements of a scandalising statement, but only took on such a
scandalising character when read in conjunction with its extraneous reference
to Wham’s post, which was similarly a couple of sentences. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

See Tan’s Submissions at para 10.

Tan added that this “extraneous reference” took the form of a link to Wham’s
Facebook profile and not a link directly to Wham’s post. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Tan’s Submissions at para 10.

Tan also submitted that pending the determination of the proceedings against
Wham for scandalising contempt, Wham’s post could not have been said to be
scandalising contempt. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See Tan’s Submissions at para 14.

68 In his written submissions, Tan had not disputed that he was just as
culpable as Wham, in so far as Tan’s post gained its contemptuous character
from Wham’s post. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

See Tan’s Submissions at para 11.

(This position changed at the hearing (see [77] below).) Tan had then aligned
himself with Wham’s submissions on Wham’s culpability (see [21]–[24] above).
51

##### Foot Note 51

×

See Tan’s Submissions at para 11.

Tan emphasised that Tan’s post being on his Facebook profile was “ephemeral”.
52

##### Foot Note 52

×

See Tan’s Submissions at para 13.

He contended that the contemptuous article in Au Wai Pang, for example, would
have been a more enduring form of publication and would have commanded a far
greater degree of a reader’s attention than a post on a Facebook profile, much
less Tan’s post containing a single sentence. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

See Tan’s Submissions at para 13.

69 Further, Tan argued that his scandalising contempt in this case was much
less egregious than that for his previous conviction in Tan Liang Joo John
([31] supra). For his previous conviction, Tan was found liable for
scandalising contempt at common law on 24 November 2008 and was sentenced to
15 days’ imprisonment (see Tan Liang Joo John at [5]). Consequently, Tan
argued that the sentence of 15 days’ imprisonment imposed upon him previously
should not be the starting point for determining the appropriate sentence for
him in this case. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

See Tan’s Submissions at para 16.

In his written submissions, Tan described his scandalising contempt leading to
his previous conviction to be “a deliberate scheme designed to publicly, and
spectacularly, impugn the integrity of the Singapore courts”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

See Tan’s Submissions at para 17.

I note that this was not Tan’s case before the High Court in Tan Liang Joo
John, where for one, Tan had claimed that his conduct was in the spirit of
fair criticism (see Tan Liang Joo John at [6], [25]).

70 Tan thus submitted that his culpability in the present case was on the
opposite end of the spectrum from that in Tan Liang Joo John. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Tan’s Submissions at para 20.

He submitted that his post was “not a pointed, scurrilous insult striking at
the foundations of justice”, nor was it “meticulously planned as to ensure
maximum impact and press coverage”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Tan’s Submissions at para 20.

71 Like Wham, Tan further argued that an overly harsh sentence imposed upon
him would have a chilling effect on public discourse and constructive public
discussion in Singapore. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Tan’s Submissions at para 23.

72 As for Tan’s written submissions that this court should neither order him
to publish a notice to apologise for his post nor order him to remove it, he
made similar arguments as Wham (see [26]–[27] above). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

See Tan’s Submissions at paras 28–31, 33–34, 36.

(2) Oral submissions at the hearing

73 At the hearing, I questioned Tan’s counsel as to why Tan had submitted that
a short custodial sentence is appropriate instead of a fine. It was only then
that Tan gave two reasons for this submission for a custodial sentence. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

See NAs at p 38 lines 16–17.

It was unclear why these two reasons were not stated earlier in Tan’s written
submissions to the court dated 30 October 2018.

74 The first reason that Tan gave was that he would be “better off”
financially serving a custodial sentence instead of paying a fine. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

See NAs at p 39 lines 1–3.

This reason did not seem to hold water. If Tan did not pay a fine and thus
served a default custodial sentence, he would be in the same position
financially as if no fine were imposed. Tan then focused on his second reason
instead. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

See NAs at p 39 line 17.

75 Tan’s second reason was that being sentenced to a fine of not less than
$2,000 would disqualify him from being a Member of Parliament. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

See NAs at p 39 lines 17–19, p 60 line 5.

Consequently, whilst Tan agreed that he could not “pick and choose” the
sentence that he wanted, he asked for the court’s indulgence to sentence him
to a short custodial term instead of a fine of not less than $2,000. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

See NAs at p 68 lines 13–19.

Tan contended that justice would be done in this case if he were sentenced to
a short custodial term, and that he was not asking for leniency as a custodial
sentence is generally perceived as being more severe than a fine. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

See NAs at p 44 lines 13–14, p 66 lines 9–12.

He submitted that greater injustice would result if he were sentenced to a
fine of not less than $2,000. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

See NAs at p 44 lines 14–15.

This greater injustice was with regard to the additional harshness and
suffering for him that a normal person would not incur. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

See NAs at p 39 lines 27–29.

76 It was in the course of making his submissions during the hearing that
Tan’s counsel took further instructions and informed the court that Tan would
remove his post from his Facebook profile after the hearing that day. Tan’s
counsel made it clear that Tan’s change in position was just to put his
counsel in a “better position to ask the Court for some compassion”, and was
not conditional upon the court sentencing Tan to a custodial term. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

See NAs at p 46 lines 11–13, 21–25.

Tan’s counsel stated that the fact that Tan had not offered to remove his post
earlier was a factor that the court could take into account in sentencing. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

See NAs at p 46 lines 26–28.

Tan also submitted that he would still not apologise because he had no
intention of scandalising the court. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

See NAs at p 46 lines 4–5.

77 In the course of the hearing, Tan submitted that the court should consider
his subjective intention in publishing his post, and that was to criticise the
AG. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

See NAs at p 37 lines 1–4, 12–13.

Tan then also submitted that he was less culpable than Wham, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

See NAs at p 48 line 14.

in contrast to Tan’s position in his written submissions (see [68] above).
However, taking into account his antecedent, Tan accepted that the appropriate
sentence for him should be similar to that for Wham save that Tan was asking
for the custodial sentence to be imposed without first being sentenced to pay
a fine. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

See NAs at p 48 lines 21–26.

Consequently, at the hearing, Tan submitted that the appropriate sentence for
him is seven days’ imprisonment instead. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

See NAs at p 49 lines 1–5. Tan submitted at the hearing on sentence that the
appropriate sentence for him is seven days’ imprisonment. In the letter Tan’s
counsel sent to the court dated 20 March 2019 after the hearing, it was
instead stated that Tan’s counsel had made the argument that Tan should be
sentenced to a short custodial sentence of three to seven days (see para 2).

I noted that a sentence of seven days’ imprisonment was the default sentence
that Wham was seeking if the court were to impose a fine in the range of
$4,000 to $6,000 upon Wham.

(3) Further submissions after the hearing

78 After the hearing, Tan’s counsel sent a letter to the court dated 20 March
2019, submitting further authorities and arguing that they supported the new
submissions Tan had made during the hearing. Tan cited the High Court case of
Low Meng Chay v Public Prosecutor [1993] 1 SLR(R) 46 (“Low Meng Chay”) and the
District Court case of Public Prosecutor v Amzad Hossen Shajidul Haque [2016]
SGDC 220 (“Amzad Hossen Shajidul Haque”). Tan submitted that courts have
imposed upon an offender a custodial sentence when a fine would be unusually
harsh and thus unjust given his particular circumstances. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

See letter to the court from Tan’s counsel dated 20 March 2019 at para 4(a).

79 As mentioned, Tan’s counsel sent another letter to the court dated 21 March
2019 to inform the court that as at the evening of 20 March 2019, Tan’s post
was removed from his Facebook profile.

The AG’s arguments

80 Despite the new position taken by Tan at the hearing, the AG maintained the
position that the appropriate sentence for Tan should not be less than 15
days’ imprisonment, ie, irrespective of the personal consequences to Tan in
relation to whether he would be qualified to stand for election as a Member of
Parliament.

81 The AG’s primary submission was that Tan is a repeat offender. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

See AG’s Submissions on Sentence and Costs against Tan (“AG’s WS-T”) at paras
2, 26.

The AG thus argued that Tan was recalcitrant and the custodial threshold is
crossed in this case. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

See AG’s WS-T at para 27.

Whilst the AG recognised that Tan’s present offence was less serious than his
antecedent, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

See NAs at p 10 lines 1–10.

the AG submitted that the nature of both offences were similar. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

See AG’s WS-T at para 27.

In both offences, Tan was also involved in disseminating the contemptuous
allegation online. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

See NAs at p 12 lines 26–29.

The AG thus submitted that there is a strong need for specific deterrence in
this case and this would not be achieved if Tan received a sentence more
lenient than that imposed upon him previously. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

See AG’s WS-T at para 27.

82 The AG submitted that Tan was just as culpable as Wham, because Tan’s post
aligned itself with and affirmed as true what Wham said in his post. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

See AG’s WS-T at para 23.

The AG submitted that Tan intended to and did attack the Singapore courts. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

See NAs at p 57 lines 16–17.

The AG further argued that Tan endorsed Wham’s post after proceedings against
Wham had been commenced for scandalising contempt, and with full knowledge
that Wham’s post unjustifiably scandalised the Singapore judiciary. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

See AG’s WS-T at para 23.

83 The AG argued that like Wham, Tan showed an utter lack of remorse, in that
as at the hearing on the appropriate sentence for Tan, he had neither removed
his post from his Facebook profile nor apologised. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

See AG’s WS-T at paras 24–25.

The AG further argued that in so doing, Tan showed a blatant disregard for the
finding of this court that he committed scandalising contempt. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

See NAs at p 2 lines 19–21.

The AG submitted Tan’s lack of contrition as a substantial aggravating factor
in this case. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

See AG’s WS-T at para 25.

84 The AG also argued that the potential extent of dissemination of Tan’s post
was significant due to the extended period of time for which it remained
online. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

See AG’s WS-T at para 24.

85 In response to Tan’s arguments at the hearing on the personal consequences
to him if a fine of not less than $2,000 were to be imposed, the AG submitted
that it would be unprincipled for Tan to “pick and choose” the sentence he
wanted, or for the court to then “tweak” the sentence to suit him. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

See NAs at p 61 lines 4–11, p 63 lines 26–28.

In this regard, the AG referred the court to the High Court case of Stansilas
Fabian Kester v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR 755 (“Stansilas Fabian
Kester”). The AG further contended that even if Tan were asking for a more
severe sentence of a custodial term rather than a fine, he was effectively
asking for a sentence which was more favourable to him. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

See NAs at p 68 lines 11–14.

86 As in the case in relation to Wham, the AG had also submitted that the
court should also order Tan to publish a notice to apologise for his post,
pursuant to s 12(3) of the Act, with the order made subject to similar
conditions as those sought in relation to Wham including one that Tan’s post
be removed forthwith (see [11] above). 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

See AG’s WS-T at paras 28, 30, Annex.

The AG had similarly submitted that such an order is necessary because as at
the hearing on sentence, Tan had failed to remove his post or apologise for
it. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

See AG’s WS-T at para 29.

However, as mentioned (at [62] and [76] above), at the hearing on sentence,
Tan said he would remove his post from his Facebook profile. Tan’s counsel has
also informed the court that Tan’s post was removed after the hearing (see
[79] above).

Decision

87 I reproduce the statement in Tan’s post:

By charging Jolovan for scandalising the judiciary, the AGC only confirms what
he said was true.

Sentence

88 I make three preliminary points. First, a court is not bound to sentence a
person to imprisonment just because both the applicant and the respondent
submit that the appropriate sentence is a custodial one.

89 Second, I do not consider Tan to be more culpable for publishing his post
after proceedings against Wham had been commenced for scandalising contempt
(see [82] above). After all, Tan’s post was about those proceedings. Also, at
that point, it was not yet determined that Wham was guilty of scandalising
contempt.

90 Third, I reject Tan’s characterisation of his post in itself not bearing
the elements of scandalising contempt and that the reference to Wham’s post
was “extraneous” (see [67] above). This was not Tan’s case before the court in
his submissions on liability. The words “the AGC only confirms what he said
was true” in Tan’s post were intertwined with and repeated what Wham said in
Wham’s post (Wham Kwok Han Jolovan at [115]).

91 I address Tan’s culpability next. I observe that Tan was directly
criticising the AG for commencing proceedings against Wham for scandalising
contempt, and Tan’s attack on the Singapore courts was less direct. Given this
particular factual matrix, I am of the view that Tan was less culpable than
Wham.

92 On the other hand, as with Wham, Tan did not show any remorse for his post.
Tan refused to apologise for his post even after conviction, and as at the
hearing on sentence, he had not removed his post from his Facebook profile. To
be clear, whilst Tan removed his post after the hearing on sentence and on the
same day, this was not a reflection of remorse for his post. Tan’s counsel
made it clear at the hearing that Tan’s decision to remove his post was just
to put his counsel in a “better position to ask the Court for some compassion”
(see [76] above); it is a separate question whether Tan’s decision assisted
his submission for a custodial sentence and I will come to this later.

93 This is not the first time that Tan is convicted for scandalising contempt,
but it is Wham’s first.

94 Briefly, Tan was previously found liable for scandalising contempt (at
common law) on 24 November 2008 because he wore a T-shirt imprinted with a
picture of a kangaroo dressed in a judge’s gown, within and in the vicinity of
the Supreme Court on two occasions when an assessment of damages hearing was
being held, and distributed similar T-shirts in the Supreme Court (see Tan
Liang Joo John at [30]). Tan was, at that time, also involved in or acquiesced
in posting a photograph on the Singapore Democratic Party website, of him and
his two co-respondents wearing these T-shirts and standing outside the main
entrance of the Supreme Court building. The High Court concluded that the
conduct of Tan and his co-respondents communicated to an average member of the
public their conviction that the Singapore courts were “kangaroo courts” (see
Tan Liang Joo John at [28]). In sentencing Tan to 15 days’ imprisonment, the
High Court also took into account the fact that Tan refused to apologise and
was particularly recalcitrant (Tan Liang Joo John at [40]–[41]).

95 While Tan has again committed scandalising contempt, the nature of his
previous contempt in 2008 was very different from the nature of his contempt
on the present occasion in relation to his post. It may have been that both
offences involved some element of publication of the contemptuous allegation
online, namely, one aspect of Tan’s previous contempt in 2008, and the very
nature of Tan’s present contempt in relation to his post. However, this alone
is insufficient to equate the two offences. Tan’s culpability and the gravity
of his contempt then were obviously much more than his culpability and the
gravity of his contempt on the present occasion. I thus reject the AG’s
attempt to equate the two very different acts in terms of culpability and
gravity.

96 As mentioned, both the AG and Tan submitted that the appropriate sentence
for Tan is a custodial sentence but for different reasons. Leaving aside for
the time being the question of the personal consequences that might result for
Tan depending on the sentence to be imposed upon him, and given my finding
that Tan was less culpable than Wham but that Tan has an antecedent, I am not
persuaded that a custodial sentence is appropriate for Tan. Neither am I
persuaded that the sentence for Tan ought to be more severe than the sentence
for Wham. Tan’s antecedent should not overshadow his present offence. He was
already sentenced for his previous offence and has already served that
sentence. The mere existence of one antecedent for which Tan was sentenced to
a custodial term does not necessarily mean that a custodial sentence is
warranted for him should he commit scandalising contempt again. It is
important to consider the nature of the contempt on both occasions. Where the
antecedent was much more serious, it does not follow that, without more, Tan
should be sentenced to a custodial term on this present occasion. Here, Tan
did not repeat what he did on the previous occasion, and as mentioned, the
nature of his present contempt was quite different.

97 I proceed to consider whether the court should consider the personal
consequences that might result for Tan depending on the sentence to be imposed
upon him.

98 The relevant portions of Arts 45(1)(e) and 45(2) of the Constitution of the
Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) state:

Disqualifications for membership of Parliament

45.—(1) Subject to this Article, a person shall not be qualified to be a
Member of Parliament who —

…

(e) has been convicted of an offence by a court of law in Singapore or
Malaysia and sentenced to imprisonment for a term of not less than one year or
to a fine of not less than $2,000 and has not received a free pardon:

…

…

(2) The disqualification of a person under clause (1)(d) or (e) may be removed
by the President and shall, if not so removed, cease at the end of 5 years
beginning from … as the case may be, the date on which the person convicted as
mentioned in clause (1)(e) was released from custody or the date on which the
fine mentioned in clause (1)(e) was imposed on such person …

…

[emphasis added]

99 Tan submitted that if he were sentenced to a fine of not less than $2,000,
pursuant to Art 45(1)(e), and if he did not receive a free pardon, he would
not be qualified to be a Member of Parliament for a time period of up to five
years (Art 45(2)). As he was of the view that a sentence of a fine would not
be less than $2,000 in his case, Tan thus argued that the appropriate sentence
for him should be a custodial term of a few days.

100 It seems that under Art 45(1)(e), a sentence of one year’s imprisonment is
supposed to be the notional equivalent of a fine of $2,000 as each is a
threshold for disqualification for membership of Parliament. This appears
anomalous as a sentence of one year’s imprisonment would appear to be
obviously more severe than a fine of $2,000 in current times. The provision in
Art 45(1)(e) was already a part of the Constitution of Singapore in force as
at 9 August 1965. However, it may be that the quantum of the fine has not been
reviewed to take into account inflation. Hence, the result is that for someone
aspiring to be a Member of Parliament, a custodial sentence of a few days may
be perceived as being more favourable to him than a $2,000 fine although the
opposite perception would apply for most others.

101 I turn to consider the High Court case of Stansilas Fabian Kester ([85]
supra). I find the reasoning of Sundaresh Menon CJ in Stansilas Fabian Kester
helpful, and I reproduce his analysis at [110]–[111]:

110 The second argument is that an offender should not receive punishment of a
certain type or above a certain degree because he will lose his job or face
disciplinary proceedings otherwise. The argument is that the imposition of a
certain type or degree of punishment will lead to hardship or compromise the
offender’s future in some way and that this additional hardship may and indeed
should be taken into account by the sentencing court. However, this will not
often bring the offender very far. Prof Ashworth accounts for the general lack
of persuasiveness of such arguments in the following lucid fashion ([Andrew
Ashworth, Sentencing and Criminal Justice (Cambridge University Press, 6th Ed,
2015)] at p 194):

Is there any merit in this source of mitigation [ie, the effect of the crime
on the offender’s career]? Once courts begin to adjust sentences for
collateral consequences, is this not a step towards the idea of wider social
accounting which was rejected above? In many cases one can argue that these
collateral consequences are a concomitant of the professional responsibility
which the offender undertook, and therefore that they should not lead to a
reduction in sentence because the offender surely knew the implications.
Moreover, there is a discrimination argument here too. If collateral
consequences were accepted as a regular mitigating factor, this would operate
in favour of members of the professional classes and against ‘common thieves’
who would either be unemployed or working in jobs where a criminal record is
no barrier. It would surely be wrong to support a principle which
institutionalized discrimination between employed and unemployed offenders.

111 Whichever way one looks at it, I do not regard it as relevant to
sentencing. A person who breaches the criminal law can expect to face the
consequences that follow under the criminal law. Whether or not such an
offender has already or may as a result suffer other professional or
contractual consequences should not be relevant to the sentencing court.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

102 Menon CJ’s analysis as set out above is applicable to sentencing in
general. He dealt with the general argument that “imposition of a certain type
or degree of punishment will lead to hardship or compromise the offender’s
future in some way” [emphasis added]. Menon CJ’s analysis will also apply to
Tan’s situation.

103 I accept that as regards Tan, there is no discrimination of the kind
mentioned by Prof Ashworth. However, as mentioned by Menon CJ, whichever way
one looks at it, the collateral consequences are not relevant to sentencing.
Menon CJ stated that “other professional or contractual consequences should
not be relevant to the sentencing court”. In my view, this also applies to
consequences other than professional or contractual consequences such as
political consequences. In other words, a person who breaches the criminal law
must expect to face the consequences under the criminal law whether or not he
also suffers collateral consequences. I thus reject Tan’s submission in so far
as he suggested that justice would not be done in this case if he were
sentenced to a fine of at least $2,000 (see [75] above).

104 It may even be said that it is for any person who has political
aspirations to ensure that he does not run afoul of the law. In the case of
Tan, this is not his first brush with the law. Even if it could be said that
he was initially unaware that his post might be scandalising contempt, it was
open to him to remove his post from his Facebook profile as soon as he was
aware that the AG intended to take action against him for his post. Tan could
have done so as a matter of prudence and not because he necessarily agreed
with the AG’s perception.

105 Alternatively, as soon as the court convicted him for scandalising
contempt, Tan could have immediately removed his post and apologised for it.
For his own reasons, he chose not to do so. His decision to remove his post
was made only during the hearing on sentence. It was an eleventh-hour
manoeuvre to try and persuade the court to accede to his request not to impose
a fine. As mentioned, it was not a reflection of genuine remorse.

106 Had Tan taken any of the courses of action mentioned above, then he might
have avoided the continuation of proceedings against him for scandalising
contempt, or he would have been in a better position to seek a fine of less
than $2,000. In the circumstances, Tan is responsible for the situation he
finds himself in.

107 Consequently, the personal consequences for Tan, depending on the sentence
to be imposed upon him, are irrelevant to sentencing.

108 I now address the cases which Tan’s counsel submitted with his letter to
the court dated 20 March 2019, sent after the hearing on sentence (see [78]
above).

109 In the High Court case of Low Meng Chay, the appellant filed two
magistrate’s appeals against sentences imposed upon him for being manifestly
excessive. The appellant had been sentenced for multiple offences under s 73
of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1985 Rev Ed) and under s 73 of the Trade
Marks Act (Cap 332, 1992 Rev Ed) (which, amongst other things, amended the
penalties attached to contraventions of s 73). Before the magistrates, the
appellant had been sentenced to:

(a) in relation to the first magistrate’s appeal, fines amounting to $24,000
(with 24 months’ imprisonment in default) and 32 months’ imprisonment; and

(b) in relation to the second magistrate’s appeal, fines amounting to $66,600
(with 32 months and 23 days’ imprisonment in default).

The appellant was unable to pay the fines which amounted to $90,600, and
therefore faced imprisonment for an aggregate period of seven years, four
months and 23 days.

110 On appeal, Yong Pung How CJ was of the view that in all the circumstances,
this aggregate period was manifestly excessive, when s 73 (as amended) only
provided for imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years (Low Meng Chay
at [8]). Yong CJ was of the view that to give effect to all the default
sentences would offend the totality principle and thus considered what the
proper sentence should be (Low Meng Chay at [12]). It was against this
backdrop that Yong CJ stated: “[w]hen it is unambiguously clear that a
defendant cannot pay a fine … the fine should not be imposed even though the
court would have preferred to impose a fine rather than a short term of
imprisonment” (Low Meng Chay at [13]). Consequently, Yong CJ allowed both the
appellant’s appeals and sentenced him to:

(a) in relation to the first magistrate’s appeal, a total of 12 months’
imprisonment; and

(b) in relation to the second magistrate’s appeal, a total of 21 months’
imprisonment.

Accordingly, this meant that the appellant was sentenced to imprisonment for
an aggregate period of two years and nine months.

111 The primary concern in Low Meng Chay appeared to be that the appellant
faced a manifestly excessive period of incarceration when all the default
sentences (for not paying the fines) were given effect to. Therefore, I doubt
that Low Meng Chay stands for a general proposition that so long as an
individual cannot pay a fine, the court should impose upon him a custodial
sentence instead. The nature of a custodial sentence is different from that of
a fine, and as mentioned, a custodial sentence of a few days may be perceived
as being more severe than a $2,000 fine (for most).

112 In any case, even if the holding in Low Meng Chay were that a fine should
not be imposed upon an individual who is unable to pay one, this would not
assist Tan. Tan did not submit that he would be unable to pay a fine if one
were imposed upon him. Further, nowhere in Low Meng Chay do I find support for
the wide proposition which Tan contended, ie, that courts have imposed upon an
offender a custodial sentence just because a fine would be “unusually harsh
and thus unjust” given his particular circumstances (see [78] above).

113 As for the District Court case of Amzad Hossen Shajidul Haque, the
District Court stated that for being concerned in loading duty unpaid tobacco,
the accused would have to be sentenced to a fine in the range of $29,022.45 to
$38,696.60 or an imprisonment term up to three years or both (at [9]). The
District Court then considered, at [11], the High Court case of Yap Ah Lai v
Public Prosecutor [2014] 3 SLR 180 (“Yap Ah Lai”) at [46], which had held that
having regard to the “legislative intent” for the relevant offence and “the
very heavy fines that are mandated”, a custodial sentence will generally be
imposed unless there is reason to believe that the offender can pay the fines.
The District Court thus imposed a custodial sentence upon the accused in its
case because he had no means to pay the fine (Amzad Hossen Shajidul Haque at
[13]).

114 Yap Ah Lai was a case where the offender was concerned in importing
uncustomed goods and thus guilty of offences under s 128F of the Customs Act
(Cap 70, 2004 Rev Ed). In view of the very heavy fines mandated, Menon CJ took
into account the fact that the offender was unlikely to be able to pay the
fines. Accordingly, he was of the view at [18] that it would generally be
inappropriate to impose a fine, with imprisonment in default, if the effect of
this would be to punish those who are genuinely unable to pay. Hence,
reference to the level of fines prescribed for these offences can only be of
limited value in calibrating the appropriate sentence of imprisonment where
imprisonment is the primary sentence instead of a fine.

115 As with Low Meng Chay, Amzad Hossen Shajidul Haque and Yap Ah Lai do not
assist Tan where he did not submit that he would be unable to pay a fine if
one were imposed upon him. Again, nowhere in Amzad Hossen Shajidul Haque or in
Yap Ah Lai do I find support for the wide proposition which Tan contended, ie,
that courts have imposed upon an offender a custodial sentence just because a
fine would be “unusually harsh and thus unjust” given his particular
circumstances.

116 In this case, the custodial threshold is not crossed in the case of Tan,
whose sentence should be similar to Wham’s (see [96] above). Therefore, in my
view, a sentence of a fine of $5,000, with one week’s imprisonment in default,
would be appropriate for Tan for the offence of scandalising contempt under s
3(1)(a) of the Act in the circumstances. The fine is to be paid within eight
days from and including the date of this judgment.

Notice to apologise

117 As in the case in relation to Wham, I do not think that it is necessary in
the circumstances of this case to make an order that Tan publish a notice to
apologise for his post pursuant to s 12(3) of the Act. Given that I find it
unnecessary to order Tan to publish a notice to apologise, there is also no
further question of imposing conditions in respect of the order.

Removal of Tan’s post

118 The question of ordering Tan to remove his post from his Facebook profile
is academic since he has removed it.

Conclusion

119 In the circumstances, I sentence Wham to a fine of $5,000, with one week’s
imprisonment in default. The fine is to be paid within eight days from and
including the date of this judgment.

120 I also sentence Tan to a fine of $5,000, with one week’s imprisonment in
default. The fine is also to be paid within eight days from and including the
date of this judgment.

121 On the issue of costs, the AG sought against Wham costs of $8,000 and
disbursements of $2,297.82, and sought against Tan costs of $5,000 and
disbursements of $1,966.39, on the basis that some of the work overlapped but
more work was done for the proceedings against Wham. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

See AG’s WS-W at para 33; AG’s WS-T at para 31; List of Disbursements for OS
510/2018; List of Disbursements for OS 537/2018.

On the other hand, at the hearing on sentence, the Respondents argued that
they should each pay the AG’s costs fixed at $4,000 plus the respective
disbursements. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

See NAs at p 54 lines 2–7.

The Respondents did not dispute the quantum for the disbursements. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

See NAs at p 65 lines 20–21.

122 Although the AG asked for a higher amount as costs against Wham than that
against Tan, the legal and factual issues in the two cases were not so
different as to justify a distinction between the two on the question of
costs. Accordingly, I am of the view that the costs awarded should be the same
for each case.

123 I order Wham to pay the AG’s costs fixed at $5,000 plus disbursements of
$2,297.82. I order Tan to pay the AG’s costs fixed at $5,000 plus
disbursements of $1,966.39.

124 For the avoidance of doubt, the time to appeal to the Court of Appeal on
any issue, whether in respect of liability or sentence or otherwise, runs from
today, ie, 29 April 2019.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Francis Ng, SC, Senthilkumaran Sabapathy and Sheryl Janet George  
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the applicant;  
Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) and  
Choo Zheng Xi and Priscilla Chia Wen Qi (Peter Low & Choo LLC)  
for the respondent in OS 510/2018;  
Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP)  
for the respondent in OS 537/2018.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

