Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE courtS of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHCF 23

Divorce (Transferred) No 3368 of 2017 and

High Court (Family Division) Summons No 128 of 2019

Between

UZK  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

UZL  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UZK

  

v

  

UZL

[2019] SGHCF 23

High Court (Family Division) — Divorce (Transferred) No 3368 of 2017 and High
Court (Family Division) Summons No 128 of 2019  
Tan Puay Boon JC  
12 April, 8 August 2019

12 November 2019 Judgment reserved.

Tan Puay Boon JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff (“the Wife”) was born in 1977, and the defendant (“the
Husband”) was born in 1976 (collectively “the parties”). They were married in
2000 in the United Kingdom (“UK”), and filed for divorce in Singapore on 21
July 2017. Interim judgment (“IJ”) was granted on 8 November 2018 following
contested proceedings, ending the marriage after 18 years.

2 The Wife is a Singapore Citizen and the Husband is a UK National who is also
a Singapore Permanent Resident. There are no children to the marriage, and
neither party seeks maintenance. Before turning to the sole issue for
determination, ie, the division of matrimonial assets, I set out the
background facts and the brief reasons for my decision in High Court (Family
Division) Summons No 128 of 2019 (“HCF/SUM 128/2019”), which was an
application filed by the Husband on 15 May 2019 to strike out the IJ on the
ground that it is not valid in the UK, or for leave to be granted for him to
appeal against the IJ out of time.

3 The Husband acted in person in the ancillary matters hearing (“AM hearing”)
and HCF/SUM 128/2019. He had included in his written submissions evidence that
was not covered by the affidavits he filed. I was constrained to disregard
such evidence unless it was otherwise admissible.

Background Facts

4 The Wife and Husband are respectively 42 and 43 years old this year. While
the parties worked during the marriage, they ceased employment around 2017. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Wife’s Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 13 December 2018 (“Wife’s AAM”) at
p 5; Husband’s Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 20 December 2018
(“Husband’s AAM”) at para 5.

The Husband has informed the court through submissions he filed for the AM
hearing that he has since been employed by a financial institution in
Singapore in March 2019. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Husband’s written submissions dated 29 March 2019 (“HWS”) at para 12(a).

5 The parties met at university in 1996 and registered their marriage in the
UK in 2000. From 2000 to 2005, they lived rent-free in London in a flat owned
by the Wife’s father. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Wife’s AAM at para 13(a).

The Wife was then employed by a financial institution, and she relocated to
Hong Kong in 2005. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Wife’s AAM at para 12(b).

The Husband also moved to Hong Kong in 2005. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Husband’s AAM at para 22.

In July 2014, the Husband was assaulted in Hong Kong and suffered a traumatic
brain injury and was hospitalised for approximately three weeks. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Husband’s Ancillary Matters Affidavit dated 8 April 2019 (“Husband’s AM
Affidavit”) at paras 10 to 13.

The parties relocated to Singapore in November 2014. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Husband’s AAM at para 22(xvii); Wife’s AAM at para 12(h).

The Wife continued to work for the Singapore branch of the same financial
institution that had employed her in Hong Kong. The Husband was employed as a
contract employee by another financial institution. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Wife’s AAM at para 12(h); Husband’s AM Affidavit at para 171.

Their marriage began to break down in 2016, and the Wife moved out of the
premises she rented with the Husband in November 2016. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of Particulars dated 21 July 2017 (“SOP”) at para 1(e).

6 The parties subsequently entered into a deed of arrangement dated 18 January
2017 (“the Deed”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOP at pp 4–8.

The Deed provided, inter alia, that the Wife could commence divorce
proceedings in Singapore after 1 June 2017 if she was still of the view that
the marriage had broken down irretrievably, and that such proceedings were to
be uncontested. The Deed also set out the appropriate division of assets.

7 The Wife commenced divorce proceedings on 21 July 2017 on the ground that
the Husband had behaved in such a way that she could not reasonably be
expected to live with him. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOP para 1(f).

The Husband contested the divorce, and the IJ was granted on 8 November 2018
after trial.

The Husband’s application in HCF/SUM 128/2019

8 Following the AM hearing on 12 April 2019, the Husband applied in HCF/SUM
128/2019 to strike out the IJ on the ground that the IJ was not valid in the
UK, or for leave to be granted for him to appeal against the IJ out of time. I
dismissed the summons on 8 August 2019, and ordered the Husband to pay costs
of S$3,000 to the Wife, with the sum deducted from his share of the proceeds
of sale of the matrimonial properties.

9 In relation to the application to strike out the IJ, the Wife submitted that
the doctrine of res judicata applied. The Husband’s earlier applications in
Family Court Summons No 2931 of 2017 to stay the divorce proceedings on
grounds of forum non conveniens and Family Court Summons No 4180 of 2018 on
various grounds had been dismissed. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Wife’s written submissions in HCF/SUM 128/2019 dated 2 July 2019 (“WWS in
HCF/SUM 128/2019”) at paras 14–16.

The Wife also cited UK legislation to argue that the Husband’s assertion that
the IJ would not be recognised in the UK was misconstrued. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

WWS in HCF/SUM 128/2019 at paras 18–19.

10 I was satisfied that the Singapore courts have jurisdiction to hear the
present divorce proceedings pursuant to s 93(1)(a) read with s 3(5) of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the WC”). The Wife, being a Singapore
Citizen, was presumed to be domiciled in Singapore at the time of the
commencement of the proceedings, and the Husband did not raise any evidence to
rebut this presumption. There was therefore no basis for me to strike out the
IJ, after the Family Court found sufficient grounds for granting a divorce
under the WC. This was regardless of whether the IJ would be recognised or
enforced in the UK, on which I was not in a position to make any finding
absent expert evidence on the relevant foreign law to be applied.

11 Concerning the application for an extension of time to appeal against the
IJ, in deciding whether to grant leave the court is to consider: (a) the
length of delay; (b) the reasons for delay; (c) the chances of the appeal
succeeding if time for appealing was extended; and (d) the prejudice caused to
the would-be respondent if an extension of time was in fact granted: Lee Hsien
Loong v Singapore Democratic Party and others and another suit [2008] 1 SLR(R)
757 at [18] and [28].

12 The IJ was granted on 8 November 2018 and HCF/SUM 128/2019 was filed after
a lapse of 6 months on 15 May 2019. This was not a short duration by any
measure. It appeared that the reason for the delay was the impecuniosity of
the Husband. However, the Husband took part in the hearing of the AM matters
on 12 April 2019, which was completed on that day, but decided to file the
application for extension of time to appeal one month later, while awaiting
the release of the decision. I did not think that the Husband should be
allowed to approbate and reprobate the matter. Further, it followed from my
finding that the Singapore courts have jurisdiction to grant the divorce that
an appeal on similar grounds would be unlikely to succeed. Finally, the Wife,
like any litigant, was also entitled to have the matter resolved
expeditiously. I therefore dismissed this application.

My decision on the division of assets

13 While the parties agreed on the identity of the immovable properties, they
disagreed on their values and also the values of the other matrimonial assets.
I first address the preliminary matter of whether the clauses in the Deed
providing for division are conclusive and the approach to be applied in the
division of the matrimonial assets.

Preliminary issues

The legal effect of the Deed

14 The Wife had filed Family Court Summons No 890 of 2018 (“FC/SUM 890/2018”)
on 12 March 2018 seeking a determination of the various preliminary issues,
including whether the Deed is valid and binding on parties.

15 The Family Court held that the Deed is valid and binding between parties.
However, it also held that it was not binding on the court and was just one of
the factors that the court will consider in the contested divorce proceedings
and the AM hearing should a divorce be granted. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Notes of Evidence of the Family Court dated 23 May 2018 for HCF/SUM 890/2018
at p 3.

16 Before me, the Wife submitted that full weight should be accorded to the
Deed as it provides for a just and equitable division of matrimonial assets.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Wife’s written submissions dated 21 March 2019 (“WWS”) at paras 41–42.

The Husband contended that the Deed did not apply, and repeated his earlier
allegation in FC/SUM 890/2018 that he entered into the Deed under duress. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Notes of Evidence of the Ancillary Matters hearing on 12 April 2019 (“NE”) at
p 3; HWS at p 1.

17 I do not accept the Husband’s submission that the Deed is invalid. As
ordered in FC/SUM 890/2018, which has not been appealed against, the Deed is
valid and binding between the parties.

18 Where parties properly and fairly come to a formal separation agreement
with the benefit of legal advice when the marriage has failed and when parties
have gone their separate ways or are proposing to do so, such an agreement
will generally carry significant weight. This is especially if the agreement
is entered into after divorce proceedings have commenced: Surindar Singh s/o
Jaswant Singh v Sita Jaswant Kaur [2014] 3 SLR 1284 at [52] and [54].

19 In UKA v UKB [2018] 4 SLR 779, the wife relied on a post-nuptial document
to support her claim to exclude certain assets from the pool. The document
benefited the wife alone, and she controlled the finances of the family
company at the time and threatened to close the company if the husband did not
comply with her demands. The High Court gave this document minimal weight as
the evidence showed that the wife exploited her dominant position over the
husband to secure an unreasonable advantage: at [26]–[32].

20 The Deed does not appear on its face to be manifestly disadvantageous to
either party. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

WWS at paras 41.

It provides that the net value of the immovable properties (namely, the Hong
Kong Property, the London York Way Property and the London Brentford Property)
is to be divided equally. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOP at p 6, cl 4.

The Husband also had no evidence that showed that he was pressured to enter
into the Deed. Indeed, the Wife’s evidence in FC/SUM 890/2018 showed that he
played an active role in negotiating the Deed’s terms. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Wife’s 1st affidavit in FC/SUM 890/2018 dated 8 March 2018 (“Wife’s 1st
Affidavit in FC/SUM 890/2018”) at para 5 and pp 19–20.

But it is also important that the Deed was not a “separation agreement” as it
was signed when the Husband still hoped that the parties would remain
together. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOP at p 5, cl 5 of Preamble.

He also did not obtain legal advice when drafting and signing the Deed. I find
that his conversations with the Wife leading to the signing of the Deed 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Wife’s 1st Affidavit in FC/SUM 890/2018 at pp 18–22.

as well as his subsequent breaches of the Deed in contesting the divorce 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOP at p 5, cl 3.

and in objecting to the proposed division indicate that he entered into the
Deed motivated mainly by the prospect of saving the marriage, without
knowledge of the legal consequences of doing so and without full consideration
of his interests.

21 In these circumstances, it would not be fair to give conclusive weight to
the Deed. I will thus not adopt wholesale the division of matrimonial assets
set out in the Deed. Nonetheless, I will give the Deed due weight in my
decision on the division of the assets, as part of the exercise of my
discretion under s 112(1) read with s 112(2)(e) of the WC.

The appropriate methodology for division

22 The court may apply the global assessment methodology or the classification
methodology in dividing the assets. The former methodology consists of four
phases: the court identifies and pools all the matrimonial assets; assesses
the net value of the pool of assets; determines a just and equitable division
of the assets; and finally decides on the most convenient way to achieve these
proportions of division: NK v NL [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 (“NK”) at [31]. As for
the classification methodology, the court divides the matrimonial assets into
various classes and then separately considers the parties’ contributions in
relation to each class of assets: NK at [32].

23 Both approaches are consistent with the legislative framework under s 112
of the WC, and lead to the same result in most cases: NK at [33] and [35].
However, the classification approach is generally appropriate where there are
multiple classes of assets which “lend themselves to classification” and where
parties have made different contributions in relation to each class: AYQ v AYR
and another matter [2013] 1 SLR 476 (“AYQ”) at [19]; NK at [35]. The
classification methodology may also be appropriate where certain assets are
“not wholly the gains of the co-operative partnership of efforts that the
marriage represents”: TNC v TND [2016] 3 SLR 1172 at [40].

24 The Wife proposed using the classification methodology to identify the
assets and to separate the matrimonial assets into two classes: (a) the
immovable properties (identified above at [20] above), and (b) the assets in
the parties’ sole names. The Husband agreed with this approach. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE at p 6.

25 The parties’ respective contributions clearly differed in relation to the
two classes of assets. The assets in the Wife’s name were mainly pension
accounts and bank accounts and the Husband only identified his Central
Provident Fund (“CPF”) account to be in his name. There was no evidence that
he contributed to the assets in the Wife’s sole name, and the Wife would not
have contributed to his CPF account. Conversely, the immovable properties were
mainly financed using the proceeds of the sale of a third London Property
(“the Putney Hill Property”) which they had jointly contributed to financially
to acquire (discussed further at [53(a)] below). I therefore agree that it is
appropriate to adopt the classification methodology.

Identification and valuation of the matrimonial assets

26 The starting position for the date of the identification of matrimonial
assets is the date interim judgment is granted (“the IJ date”), ie, 8 November
2018: ARY v ARX and another appeal [2016] 2 SLR 686 at [31]. The starting
point for the date of the valuation of the matrimonial assets is the date of
the AM hearing (“the AM date”), ie, 12 April 2019, unless departure from this
date is warranted by the facts: TND v TNC and another appeal [2017] SGCA 34 at
[19]. I adopt the IJ and AM dates as the operative dates for identifying and
valuing the matrimonial assets respectively as no reasons to do otherwise
arise.

The immovable properties

27 Starting with the immovable properties, the parties agreed on the identity
of these assets in Hong Kong and London and the exchange rates to be applied
to the respective valuations: S$1 to £0.565 and S$1 to HK$5.795. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE at p 7; Exhibit P2 at p 1.

I calculate their net values by deducting the values of the outstanding
mortgage loans from the gross valuations.

(1) Hong Kong Property

28 The Hong Kong property is in the Wife’s sole name. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE at p 1.

She submitted that the gross valuation was HK$14.5m (S$2,502,157.03) based on
a valuation report prepared on 14 March 2019. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

WWS at Annex C, pp 61–87.

The Husband submitted that the gross valuation was HK$16.5m based on a price
listing on a property sales website. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Husband’s AAM at p 27; NE at p 8.

29 I adopt the Wife’s gross valuation as it is supported by a formal valuation
report and was the valuation closest to the AM date. I also adopt her
valuation of the outstanding mortgage loan of HK$4,402,310.52 (S$759,673.95)
as at 23 October 2018, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE at p 8; Wife’s AAM at p 79.

as it was the only figure supported by documentation. The net value of the
asset is therefore S$1,742,483.08 (being S$2,502,157.03 – S$759,673.95).

(2) London York Way Property

30 This asset is held in the parties’ joint names. The Wife indicated in a
letter to the court dated 3 May 2019 (copied to the Husband) (“Wife’s 3 May
2019 Letter”) that she accepted the Husband’s gross valuation of
S$1,407,000.00. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Wife’s 3 May 2019 Letter at para 3.

I adopt her valuation of the outstanding mortgage loan of £270,548.79
(S$478,847.42) as at 1 December 2018 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE at p 8; Wife’s AAM at p 97.

as it was the only figure supported by documentation. The net value of the
asset is therefore S$928,152.58 (being S$1,407,000.00 – S$478,847.42).

(3) London Brentford Property

31 This asset is held in the parties’ joint names. The Wife indicated in her 3
May 2019 Letter that she accepted the Husband’s gross valuation of
S$778,761.00. I adopt her valuation of the outstanding mortgage loan of
£232,222.10 (S$411,012.57) as at 1 November 2018 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE at p 8; Wife’s AAM at p 120.

as it was the only figure supported by documentation. The net value of the
asset is therefore S$367,748.43 (being S$778,761.00 – S$411,012.57).

(4) Other matrimonial liabilities relating to the immovable properties

32 The Wife submitted that her father provided the parties a loan of
S$285,000.00 for the Hong Kong Property’s down payment and that this sum
should be repaid to him. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

WWS at paras 57(a), 58(a).

The Husband submitted orally that there was no documentation supporting this
loan. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE at p 4.

However, the contemporaneous email correspondence confirms that the
S$285,000.00 transferred by the Wife’s father was a loan which the parties
intended to repay through later refinancing. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Wife’s AAM at pp 238–240.

Clause 4.3 of the Deed also reflects that the parties acknowledged that the
Wife’s parents loaned them S$250,000.00 to purchase the Hong Kong Property,
and that this loan should be repaid before the net value of the Property is
shared equally between the parties. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOP at p 6.

The Wife deposed that the parties were under the impression when they entered
into the Deed that the loan was for S$250,000.00 and not S$285,000.00, but
relied on the latter figure in view of the email correspondence that she
subsequently located. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Wife’s AAM at para 12(c).

In the light of the contemporaneous email evidence, I consider this loan a
matrimonial liability and deduct the sum of S$285,000.00 from the pool.

The assets in the parties’ sole names

(1) The assets in the Wife’s sole name

33 The Wife listed her assets and their values in the Joint Summary of
Relevant Information dated 21 March 2019 (“JS”) as follows: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

JS at pp 4–5; WWS at para 10; Exhibit P2, Table 3.

S/No| Asset| Wife’s Valuation (S$)  
---|---|---  
1| DBS Bank Unit Trusts|  56,672.00  
2| JP Morgan Hong Kong Funds|  17,767.15  
3| HSBC Mandatory Provident Fund (Hong Kong)|  39,082.39  
4| JP Morgan Pension (UK)|  128,532.55  
5| POSB Account -8778| 249.22  
6| POSB Account -2572| 54.80  
7| HSBC Account -9496|  5,610.89  
8| HSBC Account -9221| 433.82  
9| HSBC Account -0833|  34.11  
10| HSBC Account -0542|  10,052.44  
11| HSBC Account -1250| 1,235.38  
12| CPF Account| 97,248.90  
13| Watch|  8,000.00  
14| Singapore Island Country Club (“SICC”) Membership|  200,000.00  
| Sub-Total| 564,973.65  
  
The Husband did not directly dispute these figures. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE at p 8.

34 I add the Wife’s assets listed above at S/Nos 1–13 into the matrimonial
pool, and accept her valuations of the assets. However, the SICC Membership
(at S/No 14) should not be added to the pool. The Wife submitted that the SICC
Membership was acquired before the marriage, as provided for in cl 5 of the
Deed. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOP at p 6; WWS at para 46.

Section 112(10)(a) of the WC states that a “matrimonial asset” includes:

(a) any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties to the
marriage —

(i) ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their
children while the parties are residing together for shelter or transportation
or for household, education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes; or

(ii) which has been substantially improved during the marriage by the other
party or by both parties to the marriage; …

[emphasis added]

35 While the Husband submitted that he played golf at SICC using the spousal
privileges extended under the Wife’s SICC Membership, he did not submit that
the Wife also ordinarily enjoyed or used the SICC Membership. Neither did he
suggest that he had substantially improved the asset in any capacity. Even if
he did pay for membership fees for six years as he claimed, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE at p 6.

these payments were for the use of SICC facilities, and did not amount to an
improvement of the asset. As neither limb under s 112(10)(a) was made out on
the evidence, the SICC Membership is not a matrimonial asset.

36 The value of the matrimonial assets in the Wife’s sole name is therefore
S$364,973.65 (being S$564,973.65 – S$200,000.00).

(2) The assets in the Husband’s sole name

37 In the JS, the Husband claimed that the assets in his name included his
expenses on the matrimonial home; the discounts he obtained from negotiations
on their property investments; tax benefits he assigned to the Wife; rental
expenses that he incurred in Singapore and loss of income from not accepting a
job in Hong Kong because the Wife “tricked” him into moving to Singapore;
medical expenses due to cancellation of medical insurance by the Wife; the
value of household items left in Singapore; a loan from a friend for his
living expenses; and rental he spent in Hong Kong after being locked out from
parties’ property there. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE at p 2; JS at pp 6–8.

I agree with the Wife that these and similar items were not assets per se. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE at p 6.

The Husband also did not support his valuations of these “assets” with any
evidence. However, I will consider the Husband’s claims and allegations in
this regard in my assessment of his indirect contributions to the marriage
where they are relevant.

38 I rely also on the Husband’s affidavit of assets and means to consider what
assets he held in his name: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Husband’s AAM at paras 8(a), 12, 13, 15 and p 34.

S/No| Asset| Husband’s Valuation (S$)  
---|---|---  
1| Shareholdings| 0.00  
2| Citibank Singapore Account -5003| 0.00  
3| HSBC Account -6634|  7,000.00  
4| CPF Account| 65,991.33  
5| Violoncello| 20,000.00  
6| Watch| 4,200.00  
  
39 Apart from the balance in his CPF Account, the Husband provided no
documentary evidence that substantiated his valuations. The Wife submitted
that the Husband’s only asset was his CPF Account and appeared to accept that
he had no moneys in his bank accounts. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE at pp 2, 17; Exhibit P2, Table 5.

Given the state of the evidence, I find that the Husband’s only asset was his
CPF Account with a balance of S$65,991.33.

(3) Allegations of the Wife’s non-disclosure of relevant assets and wrongful
dissipation

40 The Husband raised the possibility that the Wife might have other
undeclared assets and highlighted bank transfers of £9,252.86, £1,371.70 and
£1,000.00 that were made in September and October 2018 that she did not
explain. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE at p 8.

I understood the latter to be an allegation of wrongful dissipation.

41 I disagree that the mere fact that the Wife made larger bank transfers
justifies a finding that she wrongfully dissipated assets. I am also satisfied
that she made sufficient disclosure of her assets. If anything, it is the
Husband who did not appear to disclose all his assets. For instance, he did
not produce evidence of the present balances in his bank accounts, even though
he would presumably have access to his bank statements. However, the Wife did
not press this point 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE at p 12.

and I will not address this aspect of the case further.

42 The Husband also alleged that the Wife did not account for the rental
income on the immovable properties and “has been hiding ... money”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE at pp 9–10.

I disagree. I am satisfied with the Wife’s account that the rental income is
sufficiently accounted for and has been put towards the mortgage payments and
the management fees, property taxes and other related expenses. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

WWS at para 45.

(4) Moneys allegedly owed by the Husband to the Wife

43 I address the sums that the Wife submitted that the Husband owed her, which
she listed in Table 3 at para 11 of her written submissions. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See also Wife’s AAM at para 1.

44 The loans she made to the Husband prior to the IJ date amounting to
S$37,600.61 (Table 3 at S/Nos (i)–(iii)) will not be considered in the
division of assets. The division of assets under s 112 of the WC is not an
appropriate occasion to resolve what is effectively a civil claim for inter-
spousal debts: AZZ v BAA [2016] SGHC 44 at [168]; UYP v UYQ [2019] SGHCF 16
(“UYP”) at [32] and [33]. As the source of the loans acquired during the
marriage would have been matrimonial assets, an inter-spousal loan would not
result in a change to the overall pool as the loan moneys would be transferred
by one party to another: UYP at [32]. I will, however, take into account the
Wife’s financial support of the Husband in assessing her indirect
contributions to the marriage.

45 The Wife also highlighted that the Husband owes her sums relating to the
immovable properties (Table 3 at S/Nos (iv)–(ix)):

(a) The Hong Kong Property: the property tax refund from the Hong Kong Inland
Revenue Department for 2014–2015 and the property tax payments from 2015–2018.

(b) The London York Way Property: her share of the mortgage loan and service
charge payments for 2017; the rental shortfall for the mortgage loan payment
for March 2018; and mortgage loan payments from October 2018 to February 2019.

(c) The London Brentford Property: her share of the mortgage loan and service
charge payments for 2017; and the rental income payment and half of the
mortgage loan instalment for August 2018.

46 For the London Properties, the Wife explained that the mortgage loan
payments were meant to be covered by the rental income. However, the Husband
began taking the rental incomes without contributing to the mortgage loan
payments. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Wife’s AAM at para 3(c).

I will not add these sums to the matrimonial pool but will consider them in
the context of the Wife’s contributions to the marriage.

47 Finally, the Husband has not paid the Wife the costs ordered in the present
proceedings. I find that she is entitled to these unpaid costs and deal with
this at [73] below.

(5) Other liabilities

48 With regard to the liabilities listed by the Husband, which are the balance
owing for the cost of re-homing the Wife’s cat and the rental in Hong Kong
provided by the Wife’s former colleagues, and the credit card debts of the
Wife, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

JS at p 9.

the evidence on these items is insufficient for a proper finding to be made.
Given the small values of these liabilities relative to the size of the pool
of matrimonial assets, I will not deduct them from the matrimonial pool.

The appropriate ratio of division

49 Both parties made submissions based on the structured approach in ANJ v ANK
[2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ”). As summarised by the Court of Appeal in BPC v BPB
and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 608 at [70], this approach involves three
broad steps:

(a) first, ascribe a ratio that represents each party’s direct contributions
relative to those of the other party, having regard to the amount of financial
contribution each party has made towards the acquisition or improvement of the
matrimonial assets;

(b) second, ascribe a second ratio to represent each party’s indirect
contribution to the well-being of the family relative to that of the other
throughout the marriage; and

(c) third, using each party’s respective direct and indirect percentage
contributions, derive each party’s average percentage contribution to the
family that would form the basis to divide the matrimonial assets.

50 While the ANJ approach applies to the general run of cases where the
parties’ direct and indirect contributions are the only two factors engaged
under s 112 of the WC, the court may make adjustments as it deems necessary to
account for the other factors under s 112: see ANJ at [28]. In the present
case, I consider the Deed relevant to the issue of division (see s 112(2)(e)
of the WC) and accordingly take it into account at the third stage of the ANJ
approach to determine if the average ratio should be adjusted (see below at
[64]).

Step 1: Direct financial contributions

(1) The immovable properties

51 The Wife was prepared to accept that the parties made equal contributions
to the immovable properties even though she submitted that she bore the burden
of any shortfall between the rental received and the mortgage loan payments.
52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE at p 10; WWS at para 45.

The Husband agreed that equal direct contributions were made. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE at p 11; Exhibit P1, Table 2.

52 Since the parties agreed on a 50:50 ratio of direct contributions, I will
adopt this ratio, but observe that the evidence showed that the Wife made more
direct contributions to the Hong Kong Property:

(a) The Property cost HK$6.649m, and contemporaneous email correspondence
indicates that the down payment of HK$2.5m was financed by: (a) a HK$1m
contribution from the Wife using funds she previously received from her father
as a gift; and (b) a HK$1.5m loan from the Wife’s father (as converted from
S$285,000.00). 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Wife’s AAM at para 12(c) and pp 238–240.

While the latter is a matrimonial liability to be deducted from the pool (see
above at [32]), I consider the Wife’s HK$1m contribution to be a direct
financial contribution by her.

(b) I do not accept the Husband’s claim (which is denied by the Wife) that the
Property was financed by his mother and cash gifts given by guests at the
parties’ wedding as no supporting evidence was provided. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Husband’s AAM at paras 7(c), 21(b); Wife’s 2nd Affidavit of Assets and Means
dated 1 February 2019 (“Wife’s AM Affidavit”) at para 9.

(c) As the Husband could not find steady employment in the period immediately
after the parties relocated to Hong Kong in 2005, the Wife footed a larger
portion of the mortgage payments from 2007 to 2008. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Husband’s AAM at paras 22(ii)–22(vii); Wife’s AM Affidavit at para 9.

53 The London York Way and Brentford Properties were mainly financed with the
proceeds of the Putney Hill Property that the parties purchased in 2011 and
sold in 2013. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Wife’s AAM at para 12(i).

My findings regarding these two properties are as follows:

(a) The parties agreed that the Putney Hill Property was financed by re-
mortgaging the Hong Kong Property. The Husband disagreed that the Wife also
contributed to the down payment using the surrender value of an NTUC Income
life insurance policy. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Wife’s AAM at para 12(i); Husband’s AM Affidavit at para 142.

The evidence showed that she surrendered the life insurance policy on 17 June
2011, obtained a surrender value of S$21,292.38 and forwent the assured sum of
S$75,000.00. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Wife’s AAM at pp 242–243.

Given that the Putney Hill Property was purchased in the same year and that
the parties would have needed funds to finance the purchase, I accept on
balance the Wife’s position that at least a portion of the surrender value was
put towards the down payment.

(b) The London York Way Property was financed using the profits from the sale
of the Putney Hill Property.

(c) The Wife’s position was that the London Brentford Property was financed
using her share of the profits from the sale of the Putney Hill Property and
her own funds. She also covered for the Husband’s failure to contribute his
share. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Wife’s AAM at para 12(l).

The Husband did not directly dispute this apart from stating that the deposit
was paid using the parties’ “matrimonial savings”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Husband’s AM Affidavit at para 144.

On balance, I find that the Wife contributed more than the Husband to the
financing of the London Brentford Property.

(d) I accept the Wife’s submission that she alone footed the mortgage loan
payments in 2017 and 2018, and covered the shortfalls when the full rental
income was paid only to the Husband. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

WWS at para 11; Wife’s AAM at para 3(d).

The Husband did not dispute this.

54 However, notwithstanding these observations, as stated at [52] above, I
adopt the ratio of direct financial contributions as agreed between the
parties.

(2) The assets in the parties’ sole names

55 As stated above at [25], I am satisfied that the nature of the assets in
the parties’ sole names is such that the parties would have directly
contributed only to the assets in their own name, and not at all to the assets
in the other spouse’s name. The approximate ratio of direct contributions for
this class of assets is as follows:

| Wife’s Contribution| Husband’s Contribution| Reference  
---|---|---|---  
Assets in Wife’s name| S$364,973.65| S$0.00| [36]  
Assets in Husband’s name| S$0.00| S$65,991.33| [39]  
Total value of assets in parties’ sole names| S$430,964.98|  
Ratio of direct contributions| 85%| 15%|  
  
Step 2: Indirect contributions

56 The parties’ indirect contributions across the marriage are to be factored
into each class of assets and their weightage remains constant in relation to
each class: AYQ at [22] and [23].

57 The Wife submitted that the ratio of indirect contributions was 70:30
between the Wife and the Husband. The Husband submitted a ratio of 30:70
instead. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

WWS at para 54; NE at p 11; Exhibit P2, Tables 2 and 5.

58 On the evidence, I find that while this was a largely equal partnership of
different efforts, the Wife’s indirect contributions were greater than the
Husband’s especially towards the end of the marriage. The Wife was the more
financially secure partner in the marriage, having worked for the same
employer from 2001 to 2017 and being relocated to the employer’s various
global offices. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Wife’s AAM at p 31.

The Husband moved from the UK to various parts of Asia during the marriage,
and made multiple career moves and incurred various expenses to do so. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

HWS at para 3; Husband’s AAM at para 24(vii).

While the parties’ move to Hong Kong in 2005 was a joint decision made on the
basis that the Wife’s employer would provide sufficient relocation funds to
cover their costs of moving, the Husband was not able to immediately find
employment in Hong Kong due to visa restrictions. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Husband’s AAM at paras 22(iv)–22(vi); Wife’s AM Affidavit at para 18.

He continued to take the Wife’s career relocations into account when making
his own employment decisions. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Husband AAM at paras 22(x)–22(xvi).

I accept that he accommodated the Wife’s career moves during the marriage at
the expense of his own career development. I also accept that the Wife sought
to ease the Husband’s relocations, by, inter alia, extending her employment
benefits to him and providing for him financially when he was not working. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Wife’s AM Affidavit at paras 18–19, 22.

She also cared for him in 2014 after he was assaulted. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Wife’s AAM at paras 13(i), 13(j); Wife’s AM Affidavit at paras 24–26.

59 The Husband contributed to the marriage by taking a lead role in purchasing
the parties’ various immovable properties and in renovating and managing the
properties, especially when he was not employed. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Husband’s AAM at paras 21(a), 21(c)–21(e); Wife’s AM Affidavit at para 8.

While he claimed that he had sent all his money to her when he was working,
there was no evidence of how much he sent, or even of what his salaries in his
previous jobs were save for one. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE at p 5.

For her part, the Wife took charge of the management and administration of the
immovable properties, and bore the burden of the property tax, maintenance and
service charge payments. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Wife’s AM Affidavit at paras 12–16.

She also continued to support the Husband even after she separated from him in
November 2016, through inter-spousal loans amounting to S$16,600.61 and
£1,000. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Wife’s 1st Affidavit in FC/SUM 890/2018 at para 13; Wife’s AAM at para 13(l).

60 In the circumstances, I find that a ratio of indirect contributions of
60:40 between the Wife and the Husband is fair and equitable.

Step 3: The average ratio

61 The average ratios are derived as follows. For the immovable properties:

| Wife (%)| Husband (%)  
---|---|---  
Direct Contributions| 50| 50  
Indirect Contributions| 60| 40  
Average ratio| 55| 45  
  
62 For the assets held in the parties’ sole names:

| Wife (%)| Husband (%)  
---|---|---  
Direct Contributions| 85| 15  
Indirect Contributions| 60| 40  
Average ratio| 72.5| 27.5  
  
63 Based on the circumstances of the case, the average ratio of contributions
may be adjusted to take into account, inter alia, the length of the marriage,
the size of the matrimonial pool, and the extent and nature of the indirect
contributions: ANJ at [27].

64 This was a moderately long marriage of 18 years and the parties under cl
4.1 the Deed intended for the net value of the immovable properties (which
form the bulk of the matrimonial pool) to be shared equally. The Wife’s
indirect contributions to the marriage also outweighed the Husband’s. In the
circumstances, I do not consider it necessary to adjust the average ratios.

Apportionment of the assets

The immovable properties

65 The net values of the immovable properties are as follows:

S/No| Asset| Net value (S$)| Reference  
---|---|---|---  
1| Hong Kong Property| 1,742,483.09| [29]  
2| London York Way Property| 928,152.58| [30]  
3| London Brentford Property| 367,748.43| [31]  
4| Loan from the Wife’s father| (285,000.00)| [32]  
| Total| 2,753,384.10|  
  
66 Applying the division ratio I arrived at above at [61], the Wife is
entitled to a share of S$1,514,361.26 (55%) and the Husband to a share of
S$1,239,022.85 (45%) of the matrimonial assets in this class.

67 The Wife submitted that she should retain the Hong Kong Property in her
name, with the London Properties to be sold in the open market and the net
sale proceeds divided 20:80 between her and the Husband. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE at p 15; WWS at para 58.

However, the Hong Kong Property in the Wife’s name exceeds her share of the
immovable properties by S$228,121.83 (being S$1,742,483.09 – S$1,514,361.26).

68 The Husband submitted that he should keep the London York Way Property in
his own name, with the Hong Kong Property and the London Brentford Property to
be sold. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE at pp 15–16.

His submissions took into account UK capital gains tax implications and other
tax rules governing transfers of properties between divorcing spouses. I am
unable to make any findings on this latter issue without the benefit of expert
evidence on these matters of foreign law. In the circumstances, I am unable to
accept his submissions. As the Husband does not claim to own any assets beyond
his CPF Account and he has not offered any evidence on how he will be able to
raise the money needed to pay for the Wife’s share, he is unlikely to be able
to purchase her share of the London York Way Property.

69 In the circumstances, I order that the three immovable properties are to be
sold within six months of this judgment and the net sale proceeds divided
55:45 between the Wife and the Husband after all outstanding liabilities are
accounted for. As all properties are situated outside Singapore, I make no
orders on how the sales are to take place, save that the Wife will have sole
conduct of the sales. Given the state of the relationship between the parties,
a joint conduct of the sales is unlikely to be workable. In the event either
party is able to raise the finances to buy over the other party’s shares, they
may make the necessary arrangements to do so between themselves.

The assets in the parties’ sole names

70 The total net value of the assets in this class is S$430,964.98 (see above
at [55]). Applying the division ratio at [62], the Wife is entitled to a share
of S$312,449.61 (72.5%) and the Husband to a share of S$118,515.37 (27.5%).

71 As the assets in the Husband’s sole name amount to S$65,991.33, he is
entitled to S$52,524.04 (being S$118,515.37 – S$65,991.33) to be paid by the
Wife. However, this does not take into account his unpaid costs orders.

72 In AVM v AWH [2015] 4 SLR 1274 at [85], the High Court ordered that
$29,500.00 was to be deducted from the husband’s share of matrimonial assets
and added to the wife’s share of matrimonial assets because the husband owed
the wife the said sum arising from costs orders in previous personal
protection proceedings, custody proceedings and in the present proceedings. A
similar approach should be taken in this case.

73 The Wife is owed S$37,600.00 in unpaid costs orders in the present
proceedings. This sum includes the costs of S$3,000 which I awarded in HCF/SUM
128/2019 (see above at [8]) and the indemnity costs of S$7,000 which I ordered
in High Court (Family) Summons No 227 of 2019, which was a further application
filed by the Husband on 28 August 2019 to stay the present proceedings that
was dismissed on 30 October 2019. I order that this sum is to be deducted from
the Husband’s share of the matrimonial assets in the parties’ sole names. In
the result, the Wife is to transfer to him S$14,924.04 (being S$52,524.04 –
S$37,600). This transfer is to be made at the same time as the completion of
the disposal of the last immovable property, whether by sale to third parties
or transfer between parties.

Conclusion

74 For the reasons above, I make the following orders:

(a) The three immovable properties are to be sold and their net sale proceeds
divided 55:45 between the Wife and the Husband after all outstanding
liabilities are accounted for.

(b) The assets in the parties’ sole names are to be divided 72.5:27.5 between
the Wife and the Husband. After deducting the Husband’s unpaid costs orders in
the present proceedings, the Wife is to transfer S$14,924.04 to the Husband at
the same time as the completion of the disposal of the last immovable
property, whether by sale to third parties or transfer between parties.

(c) No maintenance is payable to the Wife or the Husband.

75 Parties are to file and exchange submissions on the issue of costs (limited
to ten pages excluding exhibits and authorities) within 21 days from the date
of this judgment.

Tan Puay Boon  
Judicial Commissioner

Hing Wei Yuen Angelina and Ng Yu Hui Michelle  
(Integro Law Chambers LLC) for the plaintiff;  
The defendant in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

