Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 80

Originating Summons No 1066 of 2017

In the matter of an application under Order 53 of the Rules of Court (Chapter
322, Rule 5, 2014 Rev Ed)

Between

| Agilah a/p Ramasamy  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Commissioner for Labour  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Administrative Law] — [Judicial review]

[Employment Law] — [Work Injury Compensation Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Agilah a/p Ramasamy

  

v

  

Commissioner for Labour

[2019] SGHC 80

High Court — Originating Summons No 1066 of 2017  
Aedit Abdullah J  
4 February 2019

22 March 2019 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 Ms Agilah a/p Ramasamy (“the Applicant”) applies for leave to commence
judicial review proceedings, seeking review of the decision of the
Commissioner for Labour (“the Commissioner”) to refuse to take into account an
objection to a notice of assessment of compensation due to her for a workplace
injury that she suffered.

2 The Applicant was previously employed by Pan Asia Logistics Singapore Pte
Ltd (“Pan Asia”). She was injured in a workplace accident and made a claim for
compensation under the Work Injury Compensation Act (Cap 354, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“WICA”).

3 Due to an administrative lapse, the Commissioner did not send the notice of
assessment of compensation under the WICA to the Applicant’s solicitors on
record. The notice was sent to Pan Asia instead and handed to the Applicant
when she subsequently returned to work. As the Applicant only passed the
notice to her solicitors a month later, her objection to the notice was
ostensibly submitted out of time.

4 I dismiss the application for leave, albeit on the ground that alternative
remedies had not been exhausted as the notice of assessment issued by the
Commissioner was not effectively served on the Applicant on the date she
returned to work.

Facts

Background to the dispute

5 On 25 August 2016, the Applicant was involved in an accident at Pan Asia’s
premises: a reach truck operated by her colleague collided into her, causing
her to sustain injuries. The Applicant sought treatment at the National
University Hospital (“NUH”) and was given six months of medical leave. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s 1st Affidavit at paras 5–9.

6 On 7 September 2016, the Applicant filed an incident report with the
Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”). She engaged M/s Yeo Perumal Mohideen Law
Corporation (“the Applicant’s solicitors”) on 19 December 2016. On the same
day, the Applicant’s solicitors sent a letter to the MOM by fax: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Applicant’s 1st Affidavit at paras 10–11 and pp 13–22.

(a) indicating that the Applicant was legally represented;

(b) enclosing an application form for a work injury compensation claim under s
11(1)(b) of the WICA; and

(c) requesting that all future correspondence regarding the Applicant’s WICA
claim be forwarded to them.

The notice of assessment of compensation

7 The Commissioner issued a notice of assessment of compensation on 16 January
2017, assessing compensation to the Applicant in the sum of $2,620 (“the
Notice”). The Commissioner’s assessment was based on a medical report
encapsulating the following findings: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Applicant’s 1st Affidavit at pp 46–52.

(a) The Applicant’s permanent incapacity was assessed to be 1%.

(b) She could be assessed for permanent incapacity at that time and was of
sound mind and capable of managing herself or her affairs.

(c) Her injuries were identified as “[h]ead injury with post-concussion
syndrome” and included “[p]ersistent vertigo and tinnitus”.

(d) The assessment of an award for 1% of permanent incapacity was based on A
Guide to the Assessment of Traumatic Injuries and Occupational Diseases for
Workman’s Compensation (Work Injury Compensation Medical Board, Ministry of
Manpower, 5th ed, 2011).

8 The Notice was sent to the Applicant c/o Pan Asia on 16 January 2017.
Assistant Commissioner for Labour Melissa Tan (“ACOL Tan”), who was in charge
of the Applicant’s claim at the time, was not made aware of the Applicant’s
solicitors’ letter when she prepared and issued the Notice. An administrative
oversight caused MOM’s case filing system to fail to reflect that the
Applicant was legally represented. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Melissa Tan Yu Ting’s Affidavit at para 12.

9 ACOL Tan also prepared a letter dated 9 January 2017, to which the Notice
was attached. ACOL Tan’s letter referred the Applicant to the attached Notice
and stated: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Jason Loh Chee Boon’s Affidavit at pp 13-26.

If you agree with the assessment of compensation, no reply is required. If you
wish to dispute this assessment, you must notify the Ministry, using the
attached prescribed form and stating precisely all ground(s) of objection, by
30 JAN 2017. [emphasis in original]

The letter did not include any further information. The date of service listed
on the attached Notice was postdated to 16 January 2017 “to facilitate
compliance”.

10 On 13 January 2017, Pan Asia’s insurer, MSIG Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(“MSIG”), received a copy of the Notice. The date of service was similarly
postdated to 16 January 2017. The Notice directed MSIG to make payment of the
$2,620 compensation amount within 21 days after the Notice was served on MSIG,
if no objections to the Notice were received within 14 days. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Tan Ching Hai, Ryan’s Affidavit at p 7.

As MSIG did not receive any notice of objection to the compensation amount
within 14 days from 16 January 2017 and had no objections of its own, it
proceeded to prepare a cheque for $2,620 payable to the Applicant (“the MSIG
cheque”). The cheque was enclosed with a cover letter dated 23 January 2017
and sent to MSIG’s intermediary, Honan Insurance Group (Asia) Pte Ltd
(“Honan”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Tan Ching Hai, Ryan’s Affidavit at paras 5–7.

The Applicant’s receipt of the Notice

11 Pan Asia received the Notice in a sealed envelope on 16 January 2017. It
received the MSIG cheque on 14 February 2017 through Honan. Honan sent a cover
letter with the MSIG cheque to explain that it covered the Applicant’s WICA
claim. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Vivienne Ng Ka Yah’s Affidavit at para 5.

12 On 1 March 2017, the Applicant returned to work. The Applicant and
Commissioner dispute the manner in which the Applicant received the Notice:

(a) The Applicant’s version: On 1 March 2017, Ms Teo Hoot Wah (“Teo”), the
Applicant’s manager, handed her a cheque for $2,620 for her “medical claims
expenses”. She received the sealed MOM envelope on 8 March 2017 from Ms
Juliana Binti Johar (“Juliana”), her colleague. The Applicant was not informed
that the contents of the letter were time-sensitive and did not open the
letter. She received a second cheque from Ms Teo on 4 April 2017 for a sum of
$1,674.10 for medical bills that had been incurred. She did not receive any
cover letter from Honan. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Applicant’s 2nd Affidavit at paras 8–11.

(b) The Commissioner’s version: On 1 March 2017, Ms Teo instructed Ms Juliana
to pass the Applicant the sealed MOM letter and the MSIG cheque. Ms Juliana’s
only instructions were to hand over the documents, and she had no knowledge of
what the MOM letter contained. Ms Juliana passed the Applicant the sealed
letter from the MOM and Honan’s cover letter, which enclosed the MSIG cheque.
Ms Juliana did not explain the contents of the MOM letter. The Applicant
acknowledged receipt of Honan’s cover letter and the enclosed cheque by
signing on a copy of the letter, and opened and read the MOM letter in Ms
Juliana’s presence. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Juliana’s 1st Affidavit at paras 4–5 and pp 4–5; Juliana’s 2nd Affidavit at
paras 4–7.

On 4 April 2017, Ms Teo handed the Applicant a cheque for $1,674 issued by Pan
Asia, and explained that this cheque was to reimburse her for medical expenses
that had been incurred. The Applicant then signed a letter acknowledging her
receipt of the cheque. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Teo’s 1st Affidavit at para 8 and p 7; Teo’s 2nd Affidavit at paras 6–7.

13 Whichever version is correct, the Applicant only received the Notice in
March, some one and a half months after its putative expiry on 30 January
2017.

The Applicant’s objection to the Notice dated 18 April 2017

14 The Applicant subsequently deposited the MSIG cheque with her bank. The
work injury compensation amount was paid to her on 6 March 2017. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Tan Ching Hai, Ryan’s Affidavit at para 7.

She saw her solicitors on 18 April 2017, and they informed her of the nature
of the Notice and that the period for objecting to the Notice had passed.

15 The Applicant’s solicitors wrote to the Commissioner on 18 April 2017 and
raised the following issues: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Applicant’s 1st Affidavit at paras 14–15 and 21–23, and pp 13–22.

(a) The Notice had not been duly sent to them, notwithstanding their earlier
letter dated 19 December 2016.

(b) The Applicant had been handed a copy of the Notice on 1 March 2017, but
had not been informed of what to do with it.

(c) The Applicant had instructed them to object to the award in the Notice. A
notice of objection signed by the Applicant was enclosed and dated 18 April
2017. It stated that the compensation amount on “permanent incapacity [was]
too low” and that there was “no assessment done by the ENT doctor”.

(d) New timelines for objection and withdrawal of the Notice should be issued
to preserve the Applicant’s claim under “Common Law”.

The Commissioner’s decision dated 25 July 2017

16 Assistant Commissioner for Labour Jason Loh Chee Boon (“ACOL Loh”) replied
to the Applicant c/o her solicitors via a letter dated 25 July 2017. He stated
that: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Jason Loh Chee Boon’s Affidavit at p 51.

(a) The Notice issued on 16 January 2017 had been effectively served on the
Applicant on 1 March 2017, when she received the hard-copy Notice from Pan
Asia. As she had not raised objections within 14 days of service, the Notice
crystallised into an order under s 24(3) of the WICA on 15 March 2017. The
objection dated 18 April 2017 would therefore be disregarded, in accordance
with s 25(2) of the WICA.

(b) If the Applicant wished to make a complaint of dizziness and occasional
tinnitus, she should be advised to file a claim for compensation by 24 August
2017, before the limitation period under s 11 of the WICA in respect of her
2016 accident expired.

Summary timeline

17 In summary, the timeline of events is as follows:

(a) 25 August 2016: The Applicant was injured in an accident at Pan Asia’s
premises.

(b) 7 September 2016: The Applicant filed an MOM incident report.

(c) 19 December 2016: The Applicant engaged her solicitors, who faxed a letter
to the MOM to indicate that she was legally represented.

(d) 16 January 2017: The postdated date of service of the Notice, as specified
in the Notice sent to the Applicant c/o Pan Asia and MSIG. Pan Asia received
the Notice in a sealed envelope on this date.

(e) 23 January 2017: MSIG issued the cheque and sent it to Honan.

(f) 30 January 2017: The deadline for objections to the Notice, as stated in
ACOL Tan’s letter to the Applicant.

(g) 14 February 2017: Pan Asia received the MSIG cheque.

(h) 1 March 2017: The Applicant returned to work and Ms Juliana handed her the
MSIG cheque. The MOM envelope enclosing the Notice was handed to her on either
1 or 8 March 2017.

(i) 6 March 2017: The MSIG cheque was cleared.

(j) 15 March 2017: The date the Notice crystallised into an order, according
to ACOL Loh’s letter dated 25 July 2017.

(k) 18 April 2017: The Applicant saw her solicitors. They wrote to the
Commissioner enclosing the Applicant’s objection to the Notice.

(l) 25 July 2017: ACOL Loh replied the Applicant c/o her solicitors to state
that her objection was disregarded in accordance with s 25(2) of the WICA.

The framework under the WICA

18 Under the WICA, following the making of a claim, the Commissioner has the
power to assess and make an order on the amount of compensation due: s 24(1).
The Commissioner shall then cause to be served on the employer and the
claimant the notice of assessment of compensation: s 24(2).

19 Any employer or claimant objecting to any notice of assessment of
compensation must give notice of his objection in the prescribed form within
14 days after the service of the notice of assessment (or any longer period
specifically allowed), stating the grounds of his objection: s 25(1).

20 The Commissioner shall disregard any ground of objection contained in any
notice of objection given outside the 14-day period allowed for objections
under s 25(1): s 25(2).

21 Under s 24(3), a notice of assessment “shall be deemed to have been agreed
upon by the employer and the person claiming compensation, and shall have the
effect of an order” under s 25D for payment of compensation if:

(a) no objection is received within 14 days after the service of the notice of
assessment of compensation; or

(b) all objections so received by the Commissioner are withdrawn within 28
days after the service of the notice.

No appeal shall lie against any order under ss 24(3) or 24(3A): s 24(3B).

22 Any person aggrieved by any order of the Commissioner under the WICA may
appeal to the High Court, subject to s 24(3B): s 29(1). No appeal shall lie
against any order by the Commissioner unless a substantial question of law is
involved in the appeal and the amount in dispute is not less than $1,000: s
29(2A).

Parties’ submissions

The Applicant’s case

23 The Applicant requested for leave to apply for:

(a) a quashing order in respect of the Commissioner’s decision dated 25 July
2017 to refuse to take into account the Applicant’s objection dated 18 April
2017; and

(b) a mandatory order to mandate the Commissioner to reassess the Applicant’s
claim, pending a full diagnosis of her injuries.

24 The Applicant submitted that the preliminary requirements for an
application for leave have been met:

(a) The application for leave was made within three months of the date of the
Commissioner’s decision, ie, on 20 September 2017, in accordance with O 53 r
1(6) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Applicant’s Submissions dated 30 November 2018 at paras 23–24.

(b) The Applicant had exhausted all alternative remedies before seeking
judicial review as the statutory avenue of appeal under s 29(1) of the WICA
was not available to her. The Notice had crystallised into an order, and she
was therefore barred from bringing an appeal: s 29(1) read with s 24(3B) of
the WICA. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Applicant’s Submissions dated 29 January 2019 at paras 2–4.

25 The Applicant next submitted that the substantive requirements for an
application for leave have been fulfilled: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Applicant’s Submissions dated 30 November 2018 at paras 25–45.

(a) the matter complained of is susceptible to judicial review – the
Commissioner was exercising statutory powers under the WICA;

(b) the Applicant has sufficient interest and standing in the matter – she
made the application in respect of injuries that she suffered; and

(c) the material before the court discloses an arguable or prima facie case of
reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies sought by the
Applicant – Dr Yeo’s medical assessment on 10 December 2016 had been conducted
prematurely; MOM’s mistake had caused the state of events; and the Applicant
had no recourse to alternative sources of compensation.

The Commissioner’s case

26 The Commissioner submitted that the Applicant failed to exhaust all
alternative remedies. She could have brought an appeal to the High Court under
s 29(1) of the WICA as to whether her objections had been wrongly refused. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Respondent’s Submissions at paras 32–69.

In any case, the Applicant has not met the substantive bar for a grant of
leave to commence judicial review:

(a) The Commissioner had not acted improperly, irrationally or unreasonably in
issuing the Notice. The Notice had not been based on a premature assessment of
the Applicant’s injuries. Even if it had been premature, the Notice would not
have been invalidated on that basis, and the Applicant should have submitted
her objection to the Notice in accordance with the specified timelines under
the WICA. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Respondent’s Submissions at paras 70–107.

(b) The Notice had been properly served on the Applicant on 1 March 2017 when
it was personally handed to her. The WICA provisions regarding service were
facultative and not prescriptive. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Respondent’s Submissions at paras 108–133.

(c) The Commissioner had not acted improperly, irrationally or unreasonably in
refusing the Applicant’s objections. The Applicant had failed to bring her
objections within the specified 14-day period under s 25(1) of the WICA, and
the Commissioner was bound by s 25(2) to disregard them. In any case, the
Notice had crystallised into an order, in accordance with s 24(3), and the
Commissioner’s jurisdiction over the Applicant’s claim thus ended. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Respondent’s Submissions at paras 134–152.

Parties’ correspondence dated 22 and 28 February 2019

27 At the hearing on 4 February 2019, I directed the Commissioner to indicate
if it would object to any application by the Applicant for an extension of
time to commence a statutory appeal in connection with the present
application.

28 In a letter dated 22 February 2019, the Commissioner indicated that:

… In the event that, within 3 months of the date of this letter, the Applicant
commences a Court application to seek an extension of time to bring an appeal
under section 29(1) of the Work Injury Compensation Act (Cap 354) in respect
of the order of the Commissioner set out in the letter dated 25 July 2017 on
substantially the same facts and circumstances that the Applicant has
presented in OS 1066, the Government will not object to such extension of time
being granted. [emphasis in original]

The Commissioner reserved its right to intervene in the said application
and/or appeal, as well as the rights of any other interested parties to
participate in and/or object to such application and/or appeal.

29 The Applicant’s solicitors replied on 28 February 2019 to state that the
Commissioner’s consent was irrelevant, given that “the employers and the
insurers” would strike out any application for extension of time on the basis
that the Notice had crystallised into a non-appealable order.

My decision

30 I heard the application for leave to commence judicial review and the
substantive application together in a “rolled-up hearing”. In Yong Vui Kong v
Attorney-General [2011] 1 SLR 1 (“Yong Vui Kong”) at [16], Steven Chong J (as
he then was) noted that where “all the evidence is already in and there is no
dispute of fact”, and where the hearing involves pure questions of law that
have been fully argued, leave and the substantive merits of the application
can and should be decided at one hearing: see, also, Yong Vui Kong at
[17]–[19]; Pang Chen Suan v Commissioner for Labour [2008] 3 SLR(R) 648 at
[56]. Such hearings are more common now, having the advantages of cost and
time savings.

31 Having considered the submissions of the parties, I am concerned that the
Applicant was not consistent as to when the Notice was served on her. Seeing
as how the date of service carries important legal implications under the
WICA, I weighed the facts in the round and ultimately conclude that effective
service of the Notice occurred only on 18 April 2017, at the earliest, when
the Applicant brought the Notice to her solicitors’ attention. Accordingly,
the Applicant still has recourse under s 29(1) of the WICA to appeal against
the Commissioner’s decision, and I dismiss her application for leave on the
basis that alternative remedies have not been exhausted.

Whether alternative remedies had been exhausted

32 A person seeking judicial review of a public body’s decision must exhaust
all alternative remedies before invoking the jurisdiction of the court for
judicial review: Borissik Svetlana v Urban Redevelopment Authority [2009] 4
SLR(R) 92 at [25]. The question here turns on whether the Applicant was
entitled to the statutory avenue of appeal under s 29(1) of the WICA or
whether an appeal was precluded by operation of s 24(3B).

33 The Commissioner argued that the Applicant could have brought an appeal
under s 29(1) of the WICA. The Applicant’s case was that her notice of
objection dated 18 April 2017 was valid. She could have brought an appeal as
to whether the Commissioner had the power to receive her belatedly submitted
notice of objection, or if his power to do so ceased because the Notice had
crystallised into an order pursuant to s 24(3) of the WICA. The Commissioner
referred to two High Court authorities that have found that s 29(1) allows an
aggrieved claimant to appeal against decisions as to whether a notice of
appeal of compensation has crystallised into an order under s 24(3): Goh Yee
Lan Coreena and others v P & P Security Services Pte Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 1065
(“Coreena Goh”) at [24] and [25]; Temasek Polytechnic and another v Poh Peng
Ghee and others (Attorney-General, intervener) [2019] 3 SLR 305 (“Temasek
Polytechnic”) at [19] to [32]. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Respondent’s Submissions at paras 38–48.

34 The Applicant contended that the Commissioner was wrong to rely on Coreena
Goh and Temasek Polytechnic to argue that s 29(1) of the WICA is available to
her. This is not a case that involves a substantial question of law as to
whether the Notice had crystallised into an order. Rather, the Applicant
accepted that as no notice of objection had been submitted within the
requisite 14-day period, the Notice had crystallised into an order pursuant to
s 24(3) of the WICA. Recourse to s 29(1) was accordingly precluded by s
24(3B). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Applicant’s Submissions dated 29 January 2019 at paras 6–13.

35 I first consider the cases raised by the Commissioner.

36 The High Court in Temasek Polytechnic discussed the interaction between ss
24(3B) and 29(2A) of the WICA at [29]–[31]. Woo Bih Li J first observed that s
24(3)(a) deems the notice of assessment as having the effect of an order under
s 25D on the premise that no notice of objection was received by the
Commissioner within the requisite 14-day period after the notice of assessment
was served. Section 24(3B) assumes that the premise under s 24(3)(a) is
undisputed, ie, that no notice of objection was received by the Commissioner.
It is on that basis that s 24(3B) provides for the serious consequence that no
appeal is allowed. However, where it is disputed that a notice of objection
was received by the Commissioner and this gives rise to a question of law, s
29(2A) applies instead of s 24(3B).

37 On the facts in Temasek Polytechnic, s 24(3B) of the WICA did not preclude
an appeal from being brought under s 29(1): at [32]. The substantial question
of law was whether a notice of objection served by an employer’s insurer, and
not the employer, constituted a valid objection by the employer for the
purposes of s 24(3) of the WICA: at [4].

38 In Coreena Goh, the plaintiff brought an appeal under s 29(1) of the WICA
in relation to the substantial question of law as to whether the Assistant
Commissioner’s decision to schedule a hearing under s 25D was valid, or if its
power to do so had ceased because the notice of assessment that had been
issued had become an order for payment pursuant to s 24(3): at [25].
Similarly, the case turned on whether an employer’s insurer’s objection
constituted a valid objection by the employer under s 25(1): at [34] to [39].
On the facts, the insurer’s objection was not a valid objection under s 25(1),
the notice of assessment thereby crystallised into a binding non-appealable
order pursuant to s 24(3) read with s 24(3B), and the Commissioner ceased to
have jurisdiction to hear the matter thereafter: at [38] to [39].

39 It is clear that the plaintiffs in Temasek Polytechnic and Coreena Goh did
not rely upon s 29(1) to bring appeals in circumstances similar to the
Applicant. I thus disagree with the Commissioner that these cases stand for
the broader proposition that the Applicant may bring an appeal under s 29(1)
of the WICA against the decision as to whether the Notice has crystallised
into an order under s 24(3).

40 Crucially, the Applicant did not serve any notice of objection during the
14-day time period for objections. In comparison, objections were submitted
during the requisite 14-day period in Temasek Polytechinc and Coreena Goh,
albeit by the employers’ insurers. The two s 29(1) appeals thus concerned the
question of whether those were valid objections under s 25(1) that prevented
notices of assessment from crystallising into orders under s 25D pursuant to s
24(3). Here, s 24(3)(a) of the WICA operated in a mandatory manner such that
the Notice automatically crystallised after no objections were served in the
14 days from 1 March 2017. The Commissioner had no discretion in this regard,
and made no “decision” against which an appeal may lie. Rather, it was by
operation of s 24(3)(a) that the Notice became a non-appealable order for
compensation thereafter.

41 At this point, it would appear that the Applicant’s position that
alternative remedies have been exhausted is correct in law. If, as parties
accept, the Notice was served on the Applicant on 1 March 2017, the Applicant
does not have recourse to the statutory avenue of appeal under s 29(1) of the
WICA as the Notice crystallised into an order on 15 March 2017 pursuant to s
24(3)(a). The Applicant’s belief that this was the case was corroborated by
the position ACOL Loh took in his letter, ie, that s 25(2) required that he
disregard the Applicant’s objection out of time because the Notice had already
crystallised into an order by then (see [16] above).

42 I note, however, that the Applicant’s position regarding whether the Notice
was properly served was inconsistent. In order to first establish that she
exhausted all alternative remedies, the Applicant implicitly accepted that she
was properly served the Notice, such that the timelines under s 24(3) of the
WICA ran accordingly and the Notice crystallised into a non-appealable order
against which an appeal under s 29(1) could not lie.

43 Yet in the later part of her submissions arguing for ACOL Loh’s decision on
25 July 2017 to be quashed, the Applicant stated that the Notice had been
improperly served. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Applicant’s Submissions dated 29 January 2019 at paras 22–23.

Counsel for the Applicant stated in oral arguments that the personal service
of the Notice on the Applicant had prejudiced her and that the Notice should
have been served on her solicitors instead. The Applicant had sought legal
representation because she did not understand what had to be done under the
WICA. Given this improper service, ACOL Loh should have taken into account her
objection out of time. His decision not to do so should be quashed.

Whether the Notice was effectively served on 1 March 2017

44 The Applicant is not entitled to take an inconsistent position as regards
service, given that the preliminary and substantive bases for judicial review
are to be established cumulatively. The Applicant’s contradictory submissions
therefore require that I make a finding as to whether the personal service of
the Notice on the Applicant on 1 March 2017 was effective to trigger the
timelines under s 24(3) of the WICA.

45 The Commissioner addressed this issue in written and oral submissions. He
first argued that s 24(2) of the WICA only requires the Commissioner to “cause
to be served” on the Applicant and her employer a relevant notice of
assessment. Section 24(2) is facultative and not prescriptive. It does not
require that documents be served only on the lawyers of legally represented
person. Similarly, s 43, which specifies the methods by which documents may be
served under the WICA, is also non-prescriptive. In any case, the effective
informal service rule considered in Progressive Builders Pte Ltd v Long Rise
Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 689 at [22] to [38] applied.

46 The Commissioner then submitted that the Notice was effectively served on
the Applicant on 1 March 2017. The Applicant had opened and read MOM’s sealed
letter and the Honan cover letter which expressly stated that the cheque for
$2,620 was for the Applicant’s claim for work injury compensation. She also
deposited the MSIG cheque by 6 March 2017. Considering these facts together
led to the “sole, logical conclusion” that the Applicant must have known that
the cheque was in satisfaction of her WICA claim, and the amount stated on the
cheque was as determined pursuant to the Notice. Even if she had not
appreciated the legal significance of the Notice, she would have known that it
concerned work injury compensation assessed by the MOM. It would not be
unreasonable to expect that she would have forwarded the Notice to her
solicitors, whom she had appointed for the purpose of assisting her with her
WICA claim. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Respondent’s Submissions at paras 108–133.

47 Notwithstanding the above, I am concerned that it is not clear from the
facts that the date of service of the Notice for the purposes of s 24(3) of
the WICA was 1 March 2017. The following are salient:

(a) By ACOL Tan’s admission, the Commissioner made an administrative error in
sending the Notice to the Applicant c/o Pan Asia on 16 January 2017. MOM’s
administrative lapse led ACOL Tan to be unaware that the Applicant’s
solicitors had requested on 19 December 2016 for her WICA-related
correspondence to be forwarded to them.

(b) It appears that the Commissioner initially intended for the date of
service of the Notice to be 16 January 2017. This was the (postdated) date of
service listed on the notices of assessment sent to the Applicant c/o Pan Asia
and to MSIG. It was clearly also the point at which the 14-day timeline under
ss 24(3) and 25(1) of the WICA was supposed to begin running: ACOL Tan’s
letter dated 9 January 2017 specified that the Applicant had until 30 January
2017 to object to the Notice.

(c) MSIG interpreted the date of service to be 16 January 2017. MSIG was
supposed to issue the cheque for the compensable amount within 21 days after
service of the notice if no objections were submitted within 14 days of
service: see [10] above and s 24(4)(a) of the WICA. As no objections were
received by 30 January 2017, MSIG issued the cheque for the compensation
amount of $2,620 and sent it to Honan. Honan then sent the cheque to Pan Asia,
which received it on 14 February 2017.

(d) The fact that the employer’s payment of the compensation amount (here, via
the MSIG cheque payable to the Applicant) is supposed to follow the 14-day
period for objection under s 24(3) of the WICA means that the Applicant should
not have been handed the MSIG cheque on the same date the Notice was served on
her.

(e) The Applicant is, by her own account, not proficient in English. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Applicant’s 2nd Affidavit at para 14.

The MOM letter and the accompanying Notice were written in English.

(f) Ms Juliana did not inform the Applicant what the contents of the sealed
MOM letter were and that they were time-sensitive when she handed her the
letter on 1 March 2017. It did not appear from the affidavit evidence that Ms
Juliana explained to the Applicant that the MOM letter and Notice had been
received on her behalf on 16 January 2017.

(g) ACOL Tan’s letter and the accompanying Notice only specified the date of
service and the deadline for objections to be the original January dates.
Nothing in the body of the letter (excerpted above at [15]) clarified to the
Applicant that the Notice’s date of service should be taken to have shifted if
she received the Notice and letter late.

48 Having considered the facts, I disagree with the Commissioner that the
Applicant was in a position that enabled her to be aware that the sealed MOM
letter contained a Notice that should have immediately been brought to the
attention of her solicitors.

49 First, there are serious timeline consequences that follow from the date of
service of the notice of assessment: if no objections are served within 14
days of the service of the notice, it crystallises into a non-appealable
order. There is force in the Applicant’s argument that parties who convey that
they are legally represented are generally entitled to assume that time-
sensitive legal documents will be sent to their solicitors, who are trained
and equipped to handle these matters and whom parties have put expense and
time towards engaging.

50 Second, I find that the case involved such facts that adopting the
Commissioner’s position would place an unduly unfair and onerous burden on the
Applicant. Any layperson, let alone one not proficient in English, would have
been confused in the circumstances. The Applicant had been handed a notice of
assessment and an accompanying letter that specified a timeframe for
objections that had expired by the time of her receipt of the documents. No
explanation was provided as to what the letter and notice entailed, that legal
consequences followed if she failed to submit objections within 14 days, or
even that these documents had been received by Pan Asia while she was away. No
express or implied indication was given to the Applicant and MSIG that the
initial timelines for objections would be shifted backwards to accommodate the
Applicant’s absence from work from January to 1 March 2017. It is reasonable
for the Applicant to have assumed that any WICA-related documents would have
been sent to her solicitors, and that she therefore did not act hastily.
Although it would have been prudent of her to have shown her solicitors the
MOM letter and Notice upon receipt, the Commissioner’s own administrative
lapses contributed to the existing state of affairs.

51 Although the Commissioner placed weight on the fact that the Applicant
deposited the MSIG cheque by 6 March 2017, I do not find this fact
significant. The Applicant should not have been given the cheque with the
Notice in the first place if her WICA claim was ostensibly still pending as at
1 March 2017.

52 Finally, I note the interpretative approach taken by Tay Yong Kwang J (as
he then was) in Pang Chew Kim (next of kin of Poon Wai Tong, deceased) v
Wartsila Singapore Pte Ltd [2012] 1 SLR 15 (“Pang Chew Kim”) at [27]:

… It is clear that s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) enjoins
courts to prefer an interpretation that would promote the purpose underlying
any particular legislation. The WICA describes itself as being “[a]n Act
relating to the payment of compensation to employees for injury suffered in
the course of their employment”. Being a piece of social legislation, the WICA
should be interpreted purposively in favour of employees who have suffered
injury during their employment. …

At the same time, I recognise that the WICA framework was also intended to
provide “one final stop” for the expeditious payment of compensation, thereby
avoiding protracted legal proceedings: Selvam Raju v Camelron General
Contractors and another [2010] 2 SLR 1113 at [9]. Nevertheless, balancing the
goals of simplicity and expedition against the need to ensure fairness to the
Applicant, I find that the balance in this case tips in favour of the latter
goal.

53 This is not to say a similar outcome will be reached in every case. I
recognise that the Commissioner would usually have great discretion to
determine how service under the WICA should be effected. However, the
administrative errors on the Commissioner’s part and the unique facts in this
case mean that service of the Notice was not effected on 1 March 2017.
Effective service only occurred, at the earliest, on 18 April 2017, when the
Applicant handed the Notice to her solicitors. As the Applicant’s objection
was submitted on the same day, the Notice had not crystallised into an order
by virtue of s 24(3) of the WICA. An appeal under s 29(1) may thus be brought
against ACOL Loh’s decision on 25 July 2017 not to consider the Applicant’s
objection dated 18 April 2017.

54 I therefore find that the Applicant’s alternative remedies have not been
exhausted, and dismiss her application for leave to commence judicial review
proceedings.

The effect of the Commissioner’s letter dated 22 February 2019

55 As required under O 55 rr 2(1) and 3(2) of the ROC, an appeal under s 29(1)
of the WICA must be brought by originating summons within 28 days after the
date of the “judgment, order, determination, or other decision” being appealed
against. Although any appeal against ACOL Loh’s decision would now be out of
time, leave for an extension of time may be granted by the court hearing the s
29(1) appeal: see Coreena Goh at [26] to [29].

56 The Commissioner stated in his 22 February 2019 letter (excerpted above at
[28]) that the Government will not object to such an application for leave,
but I leave it to him to decide if he wishes to maintain that position in the
present circumstances. I would note only that the Applicant’s case is that she
elected to apply for leave to commence judicial review on the understanding
that the Notice had crystallised into an order, thus barring an appeal under s
29(1) of the WICA: see [24(b)] above.

Conclusion

57 The Applicant failed in her application for leave to commence judicial
review, but on the basis that her right to appeal under s 29(1) of the WICA
had not been exhausted as her objection to the Notice was properly raised. The
matter is now in the hands of the Applicant, who must decide if she wishes to
proceed with that route.

58 In the circumstances, I am not minded to order costs, but will hear parties
on this through separate directions. Time for appeal is extended in the
meantime.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Perumal Athitham and Roy Paul Mukkam (M/s Yeo Perumal Mohideen Law
Corporation) for the applicant;  
Jeyendran Jeyapal, Gordon Lim and Sheryl Yeo (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

