Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHCR 6

Suit No 971 of 2018 (Summons No 5470 of 2018)

Between

Mitsubishi Corp RTM International Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Kyen Resources Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Commercial transactions] – [Sale of goods] – [Rights of unpaid seller] –
[Retention of title clause]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mitsubishi Corp RTM International Pte Ltd

  
  
v

  
  

Kyen Resources Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHCR 6

High Court — Suit No 971 of 2018 (Summons No 5470 of 2018)Elton Tan Xue Yang
AR5, 27 December 2018

5 March 2019 Judgment reserved.

Elton Tan Xue Yang AR:

Introduction

1 The dispute in this case concerns the interpretation and effect of a
retention of title clause. A retention of title clause (also known as a
reservation of title or Romalpa clause) is a clause reserving property in the
goods to the seller, notwithstanding the delivery of the goods to the buyer,
until the buyer has made full payment. By dissociating transfer of title from
delivery of the goods, the clause provides the seller with security against
the buyer’s non-payment and, more crucially, the buyer’s insolvency. It has
therefore become an essential and ubiquitous feature in contracts for the
credit sale of goods.

2 In 2016, the UK Supreme Court delivered its judgment in PST Energy 7
Shipping LLC and another v OW Bunker Malta Ltd and another [2016] AC 1034
(“The Res Cogitans”). That decision, which concerned a contract for the supply
of bunkers, has been said by a leading textbook to have caused a “profound
disturbance of the law”: Michael Bridge gen ed, Benjamin’s Sale of Goods
(Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2017) (“Benjamin”), preface at viii. Chief amongst
the perceived difficulties with The Res Cogitans was the court’s finding that
a contract contemplating the buyer’s consumption of goods before property in
the goods passes to the buyer (which would only occur upon full payment to the
seller) is not a contract to which the UK Sale of Goods Act 1979 (c. 54) (“the
UK SOGA”) applies. The result was that certain contracts which had for decades
been thought to be governed by the UK SOGA were now to be treated as a wholly
new class of contract unregulated by statute.

3 In the present case, the plaintiff seller sold aluminium ingots to the
defendant buyer. The contract, which contained a retention of title clause,
permitted the defendant to on-sell the goods pending payment and required the
defendant to hold any sale proceeds for the plaintiff. As it turned out, the
defendant on-sold the goods to a third party shortly after it received each
shipment. The defendant failed to pay and the plaintiff sued for various
remedies, including the price of the goods. The plaintiff sought to enter
judgment for the price upon the defendant’s admission that it had not made
payment. Relying on the UK Court of Appeal’s decision in FG Wilson
(Engineering) Ltd v John Holt & Co (Liverpool) Ltd [2013] EWCA Civ 1232 (“FG
Wilson”), the defendant responded that a construction of the retention of
title clause was required to determine if property to the goods had passed or
if s 49 of the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the SOGA”) (which is
in pari materia to the UK SOGA) otherwise prevented the plaintiff from seeking
the price. The questions of law and construction were then put before me by
way of an application for determination of these questions under O 14 r 12 of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”).

4 The issues raised in the parties’ arguments are similar to those that
confronted the courts in The Res Cogitans and the earlier decision of FG
Wilson. The central question is whether a seller can bring an action for the
price of unpaid goods where, as the result of a retention of title clause,
property in the goods did not pass to the buyer at the time of the sale and
the goods were thereafter on-sold to a third party.

Facts

5 The plaintiff, Mitsubishi Corporation RTM International Pte Ltd (“the
Plaintiff”), and the defendant, Kyen Resources Pte Ltd (“the Defendant”), are
both companies incorporated in Singapore in the business of metals trading. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim at para 1.

The Plaintiff is the global headquarters of the mineral resources and metals
trading business of the Mitsubishi Corporation. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Chen Xi dated 2 October 2018 (“Chen Xi’s affidavit”) at para 7.

The Contract

6 The parties entered into a contract dated 19 October 2017 (“the Contract”)
for the sale of approximately 12,000mt of “primary unalloyed aluminium,
conforming to Aluminium Association specifications for P1020A (AL 99.7% min,
FE 0.20% max, SI 0.10% max)” (“the Goods”) from the Plaintiff to the
Defendant. The supply was to take place over 12 months from January to
December 2018, with approximately 1,000mt supplied each month. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim at para 4; affidavit of De Sousa Adrien Sylvain dated 19
November 2018 (“De Sousa’s affidavit”) at p 8.

The payment term in the Contract (“the Payment Clause”) required payment to be
made by the Defendant in the following manner: “100% net cash via wire
transfer within 30 working days after Seller’s presentation of the documents”.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

De Sousa’s affidavit at p8.

7 The Contract also incorporated the Plaintiff’s “General Terms and Conditions
for Contract of Sales”. Those terms include the following retention of title
clause (“the ROT Clause”), which is central to the dispute:

Title

Seller shall retain title to and ownership of the Goods of each delivery until
the final payment for such delivery has been received in full by Seller in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Contract. Until such final
payment has been received in full by Seller: (a) the Buyer shall hold the
Goods as bailee for the Seller, keep the Goods free from any charge, lien or
other encumbrance, store the Goods in such a manner that they are clearly
identifiable as the property of the Seller and, if required by the Seller,
deliver the Goods up to the Seller; and (b) if the Buyer sells the Goods, the
Buyer’s right to receive payment pursuant to such sale of the Goods will be
held in trust for the Seller and any proceeds of such sale will be the
property of the Seller, and the Buyer will hold the proceeds of any such sale
on account of the Seller and keep the proceeds separately from its own money.
The Buyer acknowledges that the Seller may be entitled under applicable law to
register its interest in the Goods as a security interest and may be required,
for that purpose to make filings and take other action to perfect or continue
the perfection of such security and the buyer agrees to cooperate with the
Seller in connection with the same.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

8 The Contract further provides that “Buyer shall pay 100% of Seller’s final
invoice (or provisional invoice where applicable) for the Goods of each
delivery in accordance with the terms of the Contract”. A clause titled
“Suspension, cancellation and termination” (“the Suspension/Termination
Clause”) gives the Plaintiff (as seller) the right to suspend, cancel or
terminate the Contract if one of several specified events takes place. One
such event occurs when “the Buyer breaches this Contract or fails to fulfil
one or more of its obligations on time or adequately, including, failing to
pay an amount owing on the due date”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

De Sousa’s affidavit at p12.

Upon the occurrence of such event, the Defendant (as buyer) “shall become
liable, and the Seller shall be entitled to make any claim against the Buyer,
for any and all Losses whatsoever resulting from or connected with the Event”.

9 A separate clause titled “Consequences of termination” (“the Consequences of
Termination Clause”) stipulates that in the event of termination of the
Contract for any reason, “any amount payable by the Buyer shall become
immediately due and payable in cash in full (unless otherwise agreed by the
Seller)”. It further provides that the Consequences of Termination Clause
shall survive such termination and will continue to apply. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

De Sousa’s affidavit at p12.

Defendant’s failure to pay

10 The Plaintiff made three shipments of the Goods to the Defendant, which
received delivery of the Goods. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of Claim at paras 3 and 10; Defence at paras 5 and 11.

The Plaintiff issued invoices for each shipment (collectively, “the
Invoices”), as follows:

(a) The first invoice (No 93771703) was dated 22 July 2018 for the amount of
US$1,112,604.88 and in respect of 500.722mt of the Goods. The date of delivery
of the shipment was indicated as 22 July 2018. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

De Sousa’s affidavit at p19.

The due date for payment is indicated on the invoice as 12 September 2018, but
the Plaintiff claims (and the Defendant does not dispute) that the correct due
date is a day earlier (ie, 11 September 2018). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of Claim at para 11(a); Defence at para 12.

(b) The second invoice (No 93771765) was dated 26 July 2018 for the amount of
US$1,111,909.38 and in respect of 500.398mt of the Goods. The date of delivery
was indicated as 26 July 2018 and the due date for payment was 18 September
2018. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

De Sousa’s affidavit at p20.

(c) The third invoice (No 93772145) was dated 17 August 2018 for the amount of
$1,160,653.61 and in respect of 500.368mt of the Goods. The date of delivery
was indicated as 17 August 2018 and the due date for payment as 15 October
2018. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

De Sousa’s affidavit at p21.

The Defendant takes the position that the due date for payment is 12 October
2018, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defence at para 12.

but this is immaterial for present purposes since it does not dispute that the
due date has passed.

11 The Defendant accepts that despite reminders and demands from the
Plaintiff, it has, to date, failed to pay the outstanding price of
US$3,385,167.87 under the Invoices. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Statement of Claim at para 12; Defence at para 13.

According to the Plaintiff, the Defendant’s directors at the time (Mr Victor
Kuo and Mr Max Chen Xi) repeatedly stated that the Defendant was unable to
make payment for the shipments. It is also undisputed that the Defendant’s
bank, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited, has frozen its bank
accounts and that Hyundai Corporation Singapore Pte Ltd has obtained a
worldwide Mareva injunction against it in connection with a separate claim. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Statement of Claim at paras 18(a)–(c); Defence at para 19.

12 On 17 September 2018, the Plaintiff purported to suspend the Contract
pursuant to the Suspension/Termination Clause. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Statement of Claim at para 13; Defence at para 14.

It claims that by way of an email dated 29 October 2018, it then terminated
the Contract pursuant to that same clause. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Statement of Claim at para 14; Reply at para 8.

The Defendant denies having received that email. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defence at para 15.

The Plaintiff further alleges that despite multiple demands and reminders to
the Defendant to deliver up the Goods to the Plaintiff, the Defendant failed
or refused to do so. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Statement of Claim at para 16.

Commencement of proceedings

13 On 2 October 2018, the Plaintiff commenced Suit No 971 of 2018 (“the
Action”) against the Defendant, seeking the following remedies (as well as
interest and costs):

(a) a declaration that the Plaintiff is the rightful owner of the Goods and
that the Defendant holds the Goods as the Plaintiff’s bailee;

(b) an order for delivery up to the Plaintiff of the Goods in the possession
or control of the Defendant;

(c) a declaration that, if the Defendant has parted with, sold, charged or
disposed of the Goods, the Defendant holds all traceable proceeds of the Goods
(“the Traceable Proceeds”) on trust for the Plaintiff;

(d) a full and true account by the Defendant of the Goods and the Traceable
Proceeds;

(e) further and/or alternatively, payment of the sum of US$3,385,167.87, being
the price of the Goods; and

(f) further and/or alternatively, damages for conversion of the Goods,
breaches of the Defendant’s obligations as bailee of the Goods, breaches of
trust by the Defendant in respect of the Traceable Proceeds, and/or damages at
large for the Defendant’s breach of the Contract.

I will refer to the claims described at (a) [13(a)]–[13(d)] as “the
Proprietary Claims”; (b) [13(e)] as “the Price Claim”; and (c) [13(f)] as “the
Damages Claim”. These are also the terms used by the parties in their
submissions.

Pleadings

14 In advancing the Proprietary Claims, the Plaintiff relies on the ROT
Clause. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Statement of Claim at para 15.

The Plaintiff makes it clear that its preferred remedies are sought by way of
the Proprietary Claims, rather than the Damages Claim, given that the
Defendant is in serious financial difficulty and would not be able to pay any
award of damages made in favour of the Plaintiff. Hence, an award in damages
for wrongful interference with the Plaintiff’s property rights in the Goods
and/or the Traceable Proceeds would be a “manifestly inadequate remedy”
because it is “unlikely to be satisfied due to the Defendant’s impecuniosity”.
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of Claim at para 18.

15 As mentioned at [11] above, the Defendant admits that it has not paid the
price of the Goods. However, it denies holding the Goods and/or the Traceable
Proceeds on trust for the Plaintiff, since the Plaintiff has failed and/or
neglected to register its purported security interest in the Goods, and any
trust purportedly set up over sale proceeds would be void for uncertainty. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defence at para 16.

The Defendant further avers that there was an understanding between the
parties that it may resell the Goods after receiving delivery and may use the
proceeds of such sale for its own purposes, without keeping the proceeds in a
separate account for the Plaintiff. This understanding “arose on account of
general trade practice and/or custom in the industry”, and also because the
Defendant was only required to make payment to the Plaintiff after 30 working
days following the Plaintiff’s presentation of documents (see also [6] above).
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defence at para 16.

16 The Defendant contends that it had not wilfully refused to deliver up the
Goods and/or Traceable Proceeds to the Plaintiff. The Defendant explains that
it had not delivered up the Goods because they were no longer in its
possession. It further denies that an order for delivery up of the Goods
and/or Traceable Proceeds is required to vindicate the Plaintiff’s property
rights in those items. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defence at paras 17 and 188.

17 In reply, the Plaintiff observes that the Defendant has “admitted to and/or
does not dispute its liability” under the Price Claim. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Reply at para 3.

It rejects the Defendant’s suggestion that the Defendant does not hold the
Goods and/or Traceable Proceeds on trust, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Reply at paras 10–13.

and informs that it had in fact, on 30 October 2018, registered its
proprietary interest in the Goods and/or Traceable Proceeds arising out of the
ROT Clause with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of
Singapore. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Reply at para 14.

Applications

18 On 19 November 2018, the Plaintiff filed Summons No 5470 of 2018 (“the
Application”), seeking entry of judgment in the sum of US$3,385,167.87 in
favour of the Plaintiff against the Defendant. In other words, it sought
judgment on the Price Claim. The Application was brought pursuant to O 27 r 3
of the Rules of Court, which establishes that a judgment or order may be made
upon admissions of fact made by a party to a cause or matter either by his
pleadings or otherwise, without waiting for the determination of any other
question between the parties.

19 The Plaintiff relies on the following admissions of fact made by the
Defendant in its pleadings: (a) that it entered into the Contract with the
Plaintiff; (b) that the Goods were delivered to and received by the Defendant
from the Plaintiff; (c) that the Invoices accurately reflect the purchase
price for each of the three shipments and that the due dates for payment have
passed; and (d) that it has failed to make payment of the outstanding price of
US$3,385,167.87 for the Goods. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

De Sousa’s affidavit at para 12.

20 The Defendant did not file a reply affidavit. At the hearing on 5 December
2018, counsel for the Defendant, Mr Danny Quah, informed me that the Defendant
was contesting the Application and tendered written submissions. Mr Quah made
two connected points.

21 First, he argued that the Plaintiff was not entitled to judgment on the
Price Claim in addition to the Proprietary Claims and/or the Damages Claim.
The reason Mr Quah gave was, in essence, that the basis of these claims were
inconsistent such that the claims could not concurrently be allowed. He
argued, relying on the UK Court of Appeal’s decision in FG Wilson, that a
seller (such as the Plaintiff) cannot sue for price under s 49(1) of the SOGA
unless the property in the goods has passed; and in the present case, given
the ROT Clause, property in the Goods might not have passed to the Defendant.
If property had passed, the Defendant might be liable under the Price Claim
but then could not be sued under the Proprietary Claims. If property had not
passed, the Defendant would not be liable under the Price Claim but might be
vulnerable to the Proprietary Claims. Mr Quah also referred to s 49(2) of the
SOGA. He suggested that the provision would not apply to the Contract because
the Contract did not provide for payment “irrespective of delivery”. To round
off the point, Mr Quah argued the Plaintiff would not be entitled to judgment
on more than one of its claims because that would violate the rule against
double recovery.

22 Second, Mr Quah submitted that the court could not make a determination on
these matters and enter judgment on the Price Claim without construing the
Contract. Specifically, what was required was a construction of the ROT Clause
in order to determine if property to the Goods had passed, or if s 49
otherwise permitted or did not permit the Price Claim. Mr Quah argued that the
construction of the ROT Clause was not something the court could do in the
context of an O 27 r 3 application.

23 In response to Mr Quah’s second point, counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr Ting
Yong Hong, made an oral application under O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court for
the determination of the question of construction of the ROT Clause by way of
a summary process (such oral application being permissible under O 14 r 13).
Mr Quah did not object to the oral application. In the exercise of my
discretion, I granted the application, having taken the view that there were
no material disputes of fact relating to the point of construction (The “Chem
Orchid” and other appeals and another matter [2016] 2 SLR 50 at [60]) and that
its determination would promote the saving of time and costs for the parties
(TMT Asia Ltd v BHP Billiton Marketing AG (Singapore Branch) and another
[2015] 2 SLR 540 at [32]). I therefore directed parties to file detailed
written submissions before they returned for a fuller hearing on 27 December
2018. At the close of that hearing, I reserved my decision.

Parties’ submissions

24 At the hearing on 27 December 2018, Mr Ting advanced four alternative
arguments for the Plaintiff, supplemented by his written submissions. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 12 December 2018 (“Plaintiff’s
Submissions”).

I will describe the arguments in the order that Mr Ting put them before me
(although this will not be the order of my subsequent analysis).

(a) First, Mr Ting contended that the SOGA does not apply to the Contract,
with the result that the requirements under s 49(1) are immaterial. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See also Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 12–15.

There is accordingly no need for the Plaintiff to show that the property in
the Goods has passed to the Defendant (as buyer) before the Plaintiff (as
seller) may maintain an action against the Defendant for the price of the
Goods. In making this argument, Mr Ting relied heavily on the recent decision
of the UK Supreme Court in The Res Cogitans. In short, Mr Ting sought to
analogise the Contract to the agreement at issue in The Res Cogitans, such
that the former could (as the latter was in the UK Supreme Court’s decision)
be characterised as a sui generis contract that was not governed by the SOGA.
The Contract is sui generis because it allowed the Defendant to on-sell the
Goods to third parties notwithstanding that it had not made payment under the
ROT Clause, with the consequence that by the time payment fell due, property
in the Goods rested with third parties and could not be passed from the
Plaintiff to the Defendant. I will refer to this argument as “the Sui Generis
Argument”.

(b) Second, he argued that s 49(1) of the SOGA applied to the transaction. In
other words, property in the Goods has passed to the Defendant and therefore
the Price Claim can be sustained under s 49(1). Mr Ting provided two reasons
for this. First, he referred me to an affidavit of Mr Chen Xi, a director of
the Defendant, in Summons No 4766 of 2018 (which was the Defendant’s earlier
application to vary an injunction ordered against it in the Action). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Chen Xi’s affidavit.

In that affidavit, Mr Chen explained that the Goods were sold to the
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (“the Sub-Buyer”) in July and August
2018. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Chen Xi’s affidavit at para 8.

Mr Ting highlighted that the ROT Clause specifically envisaged that the
Defendant would be able to on-sell the Goods. A sale to a sub-buyer would
therefore be “a disposal with the authority of the owner”, operating to pass
title to the sub-buyer. Second, Mr Ting relied on s 25(1) of the SOGA, which
provides, in gist, that a buyer in possession of the goods may pass good title
to a sub-buyer who receives the goods in good faith and without notice of the
rights of the original seller. These submissions were only advanced orally
before me and were not mentioned in the Plaintiff’s written submissions. I
will refer to them as “the s 49(1) Argument”.

(c) Third, as a further alternative, Mr Ting argued that s 49(2) of the SOGA
applied. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See also Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 16–20.

The thrust of his submission is the Contract provides for payment of the price
“on a day certain irrespective of delivery”. This enables the Plaintiff to
sustain the Price Claim even though property in the Goods may not have passed.
In this regard, Mr Ting relied on FG Wilson, the High Court’s and Supreme
Court’s judgments in The Res Cogitans and commentary by Professor Michael
Bridge on The Res Cogitans. I will refer to the submission as “the s 49(2)
Argument”.

(d) Fourth, Mr Ting submitted that s 49 is not a comprehensive code within
which sellers must bring themselves in order to succeed in an action for the
price. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See also Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 21–23.

Mr Ting also relied on The Res Cogitans as authority, and submitted that FG
Wilson has been overruled in this regard by the UK Supreme Court. He also drew
my attention to academic criticism of FG Wilson by Professor Louise Gullifer.
I will refer to this final argument as “the Complete Code Argument”.

25 Mr Quah made both oral and written submissions in response.

(a) In relation to the s 49(1) Argument, Mr Quah highlighted that Mr Ting had,
in oral argument, taken the position that title to the Goods had in fact
passed to the sub-buyer. He argued that the passing of title entailed that the
Plaintiff was no longer entitled to the proprietary remedies sought. Notably,
Mr Quah did not dispute the applicability of s 49(1) or Mr Ting’s argument
that title to the Goods had passed.

(b) In relation to the s 49(2) Argument, Mr Quah contended that under the
Payment Clause, the price of the Goods could not be said to be payable on a
“day certain irrespective of delivery”. The Payment Clause provided for
payment to be made within 30 days after the Plaintiff’s “presentation of
documents” which, according to Mr Quah, meant that payment could not be said
to be “irrespective of delivery” since “presentation of documents requires
delivery”.

(c) Regarding the Complete Code Argument, Mr Quah accepted that The Res
Cogitans overruled FG Wilson on whether the UK SOGA provided a “complete code”
for actions on the price, but sought to distinguish The Res Cogitans from the
present case on the basis that the intermediate bunker supplier had only
brought a claim for price and had not sought proprietary relief, unlike in the
present case where both types of relief were sought (in addition to the
Damages Claim). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

See also Defendant’s reply submissions dated 21 December 2018 (“Defendant’s
Reply Submissions”) at paras 9–16.

(d) Finally, as to the Sui Generis Argument, Mr Quah referred to Professor
Bridge’s criticism of the UK Supreme Court’s finding in The Res Cogitans that
the contract in that case was sui generis such that the the UK SOGA did not
apply. He urged caution in the Singapore courts adopting the holdings of the
UK Supreme Court in that regard.

26 The Defendant indicated in its written reply submissions that it “has not
and is not taking the position that the Plaintiff cannot maintain its claim
for the Price of the Goods”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 3.

Notwithstanding that, the Defendant had in those same written submissions
argued that the Plaintiff’s reliance on The Res Cogitans was “entirely
misplaced” and that “the Court should not grant the Plaintiff judgment on the
Price of Goods at this interlocutory stage on the back of the holding in [The]
Res Cogitans”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 9 and 16.

I therefore did not find the Defendant’s position clear. When I sought
clarification as to whether the Defendant was contesting the Application, Mr
Quah informed me that the Defendant was “not opposing the legal entitlement”,
but that the court “need[ed] to decide in the round whether [the Plaintiff]
[was] entitled to the Price Claim and nothing else”.

Key issues

27 Broadly put, the central issue in the dispute is whether, given that the
Defendant has not paid the Plaintiff for the Goods, the Plaintiff may bring an
action for the price against the Defendant. The apparent obstacle faced by the
Plaintiff is the ROT Clause which retains property in the Goods to the
Plaintiff until the Defendant has made payment. The clause poses an obstacle
because s 49(1) of the SOGA requires property in the goods to have passed to
the buyer before an action for the price may be brought. The Plaintiff’s
response is that the action is in fact permissible under a proper reading of
ss 49(1) and (2) of the SOGA (ie, the s 49(1) and s 49(2) Arguments). Its
alternative argument is that such an action may be brought outside the SOGA
(ie, the Complete Code Argument) and its further alternative is that the
statute does not apply to the contract with the result that the s 49
requirements are inapplicable (ie, the Sui Generis Argument). If the Plaintiff
were to succeed in any one of these four arguments, it would be able to
maintain the Price Claim.

28 The four arguments advanced by Mr Ting for the Plaintiff provide a useful
structure for my analysis. Mr Ting disclosed that his submissions were very
much aligned with the issues raised in The Res Cogitans, which is accordingly
of principal importance in the discussion below, alongside the Court of
Appeal’s decision in FG Wilson upon which Mr Quah for the Defendant relied. I
will address Mr Quah’s submission that I should decide both the Price Claim
and the Proprietary Claims “in the round” after I explain my decision on the
Price Claim.

29 When I queried if there was any local jurisprudence on the points in
dispute, counsel informed me that there was none. To the best of my knowledge,
that is true. Given the paucity of local case law on retention of title
clauses and their relation to the SOGA, I will begin with a brief account of
the law on these clauses, set against the statutory backdrop.

Retention of title clauses

Nature and purpose

30 The essence of a retention of title clause is “to reserve the property in
the goods to the seller until the price is paid in full, notwithstanding that
the goods are delivered to the buyer”: Christian Twigg-Flesner, Rick Canavan
and Hector MacQueen, Atiyah and Adams’ Sale of Goods (Pearson, 13th Ed, 2016)
(“Atiyah and Adams”) at p406. Retention of title clauses are also commonly
known as “reservation of title clauses” or “Romalpa clauses”, following the
seminal decision of the UK Court of Appeal in Aluminium Industrie Vaassen B.V.
v Romalpa Aluminium Ltd [1976] WLR 676 (“Romalpa”). That decision has been
said to have “greatly increased in importance” the reservation by sellers of
the right of disposal of the goods: Benjamin at para 5-143.

31 Since Romalpa, retention of title clauses have become a common feature both
of standard form contracts and of contracts freely negotiated: Gerard
McCormack, Reservation of Title (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 1995) at p1. Their
popularity arises from their ability to provide security for the seller
against the seller’s non-payment. In Clough Mill Ltd v Martin [1984] 3 All ER
982, which concerned a clause reserving to the appellant seller the right to
dispose of yarn supplied to the respondent buyer until payment in full for all
the yarn was received, Goff LJ (as he then was) made the following
observations on the purpose and utility of retention of title clauses (at
986):

Now there are various points to notice about [the clause]. The first is that
what is reserved by the seller is the ownership of the material, the material
being the material supplied under the particular contract… Prima facie, in a
commercial document such as this, ownership means, quite simply, the property
in the goods. The second point is that the reservation of the right to dispose
of the material is expressed to be until a certain event, viz until payment in
full for all the material received by the buyer or until resale by the buyer.
This shows the purpose for which the right of disposal is reserved, which is
to provide the seller with security for any unpaid and overdue purchase price
payable under the contract. It is obvious … that the possibility of insolvency
is a matter which is particularly in contemplation. … [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

32 As described in Michael Bridge, The Sale of Goods (Oxford University Press,
2nd Ed, 2009) (“Bridge”) at para 3.83, the practice of sellers reserving the
right of disposal after delivery to the buyer arose because unpaid sellers
found themselves at a disadvantage upon the insolvency of the buyer, given
that they joined other unsecured creditors in receiving, on average, a very
small insolvency dividend hardly worth the expense of lodging a proof with the
liquidator or trustee in bankruptcy. Bridge explains that “[t]he great
advantage to a seller of reserving the general property in the goods is that,
until the property passes, no ownership rights vest in the buyer and therefore
the goods cannot fall within a security granted by the buyer, before or after
the contract of sale is concluded, to one or more creditors, or vest in the
liquidator or trustee”. Prima facie, if the buyer becomes insolvent before the
price is fully paid, the seller will be able to reclaim possession of the
goods: Atiyah and Adams at p406.

33 Because sellers are able to retain an interest in the goods simply by
inserting a retention of title clause in the contract of sale, these clauses
have become of “serious concern” to creditors of manufacturing and trading
companies (for whom the buying and re-selling of goods is a core business),
and in particular to banks which might otherwise be secured by charges on the
assets of these companies: Benjamin at para 5-144. The commercial consequences
of retention of title clauses therefore have the potential to extend
considerably beyond the immediate buyer and seller relationship.

Statutory basis

34 The statutory underpinning of retention of title clauses begins with the
permissive, autonomy-centred rule in s 17 of the SOGA:

Property passes when intended to pass

17.—(1) Where there is a contract for the sale of specific or ascertained
goods, the property in them is transferred to the buyer at such time as the
parties to the contract intend it to be transferred.

(2) For the purpose of ascertaining the intention of the parties, regard shall
be had to the terms of the contract, the conduct of the parties and the
circumstances of the case.

[emphasis added]

In other words, s 17 leaves it open to the parties to determine the point in
the transaction when property in the goods passes. This is entirely of a piece
with Lord Mance’s observation in The Res Cogitans at [53] that “the 1893 Act
[which is the precursor of the UK SOGA] was … developed in an era when freedom
of contract and trade were axiomatically accepted as beneficial”.

35 Section 19(1) specifically affirms the effectiveness of retention of title
clauses in providing security for sellers:

Reservation of right of disposal

19.—(1) Where there is a contract for the sale of specific goods or where
goods are subsequently appropriated to the contract, the seller may, by the
terms of the contract or appropriation, reserve the right of disposal of the
goods until certain conditions are fulfilled; and in such a case,
notwithstanding the delivery of the goods to the buyer, or to a carrier or
other bailee or custodier for the purpose of transmission to the buyer, the
property in the goods does not pass to the buyer until the conditions imposed
by the seller are fulfilled.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The ability of the seller under s 19(1) to retain a jus disponendi over the
goods, subject to such conditions as the parties may agree on, is consistent
with the parties’ entitlement under s 17(1) to decide by contract the time at
which property in the goods passes.

36 Despite the ubiquity and apparent simplicity of retention of title clauses,
a considerable body of English case law has developed to address various
difficult questions concerning the scope, consequences and enforceability of
such clauses. As Staughton J remarked in Hendy Lennox (Industrial Engines) Ltd
v Grahame Puttick Ltd [1984] 1 WLR 485 at 493, “this area of the law is
presently a maze if not a minefield, and one ha[s] to proceed with caution for
every step of the way”. The issues that have confronted the UK courts include,
for instance, whether a seller’s interest under a retention of title clause is
a registrable charge that would be void for non-registration, whether a buyer
who has yet to make payment should be regarded as a bailee of the goods, the
availability of proprietary remedies where the unpaid goods have been
incorporated into other goods or used to make other products, and the extent
to which a seller is entitled to the resale proceeds of unpaid goods and any
products manufactured with or incorporating those goods. The ROT Clause in the
present case purports to require the Defendant, if the Goods are sold, to hold
the proceeds of sale on trust for the Plaintiff as the Plaintiff’s property,
and to keep such proceeds separately from the Defendant’s own money (see [7]
above). However, given that the Price Claim only pertains to the contract
price of the Goods, and the question of the Plaintiff’s entitlement to the
sale proceeds (if any) does not fall within the scope of that claim, this
aspect of the clause will not be considered in this judgment.

37 Section 49 of the SOGA is a crucial provision that identifies the
circumstances in which an action for the price can be sustained. The two
subsections under s 49 also lie at the heart of the present dispute.

Action for price

49.—(1) Where, under a contract of sale, the property in the goods has passed
to the buyer and he wrongfully neglects or refuses to pay for the goods
according to the terms of the contract, the seller may maintain an action
against him for the price of the goods.

(2) Where, under a contract of sale, the price is payable on a day certain
irrespective of delivery and the buyer wrongfully neglects or refuses to pay
such price, the seller may maintain an action for the price, although the
property in the goods has not passed and the goods have not been appropriated
to the contract.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

38 In summary, under s 49, an action for the price can be maintained against a
non-paying buyer in two scenarios: (a) where property in the goods has passed
to the buyer; or (b) where the price is payable “on a day certain irrespective
of delivery”, although the property in the goods may not have passed. I will
further examine the meaning of “on a day certain irrespective of delivery”
under s 49(2) subsequently.

39 Sections 49 and 50 are the two sections falling under the header of
“Seller’s Remedies” in the SOGA. While actions for the price are governed by s
49, actions for damages for non-acceptance are the subject of s 50, which
provides that where a buyer wrongfully neglects or refuses to accept and pay
for the goods, the seller may maintain an action against him for damages for
non-acceptance. As Benjamin explains at para 16-004, actions for the price are
claims for a debt (ie, a definite sum of money fixed by the contract as
payable), while actions for damages under s 50 are brought against buyers who
have broken their contractual obligations in some way other than by failure to
pay the price. The two sections therefore do not overlap.

Two key cases

40 The parties’ submissions centred on two key cases. For the Defendant, Mr
Quah referred to the UK Court of Appeal’s decision in FG Wilson, while for the
Plaintiff, Mr Ting relied heavily on the more recent decision of the UK
Supreme Court in The Res Cogitans. I will describe these decisions in turn,
focusing on the aspects to which counsel drew my attention. As the reasoning
in both decisions is intricate, some detail is required.

FG Wilson

41 The respondent, which was a manufacturer and seller of generator sets and
spare parts, entered into a distributorship agreement with the appellant,
whose business consisted predominantly in purchasing generators and spare
parts from the respondent for export to Nigeria. The trading terms between the
parties required the appellant to make payment “within thirty (30) days of the
date of invoice” (although the time for payment was subsequently extended).
When the appellant failed to pay, the respondent commenced proceedings for the
sums due. The appellant responded that the goods had all been delivered to its
Nigerian subsidiary, which had become the legal owner of the goods, and that
the respondent had no claim for the price under s 49(1) of the UK SOGA. In the
High Court, Popplewell J granted summary judgment in favour of the respondent
and the appellant appealed.

42 The retention of title clause read as follows:

Title and risk of loss: … Notwithstanding delivery and the passing of risk in
the products, title shall not pass to buyer until seller has received payment
in full for the products and all other goods or services agreed to be sold by
seller to buyer for which payment is then due. Until such time as title
passes, buyer shall hold the products as seller’s fiduciary agent and shall
keep them separate from buyer’s other goods. Prior to title passing buyer
shall be entitled to resell or use the products in the ordinary course of
business and shall account to the seller for the proceeds of sale. … [emphasis
added]

The two issues on which the bulk of the Court of Appeal’s analysis was spent
were (a) whether, given the retention of title clause, property in the goods
had passed to the appellant under s 49(1) of the UK SOGA; and (b) whether the
claim for the price could only be brought pursuant to the UK SOGA. The Court
of Appeal was uniform on the second issue but split on the first, with
Longmore LJ disagreeing with Patten and Floyd LJJ.

43 On the first issue, the appellant argued that property had never passed to
it because, pursuant to the retention of title clause, the appellant was
acting as an agent for the respondent when it resold the goods to the Nigerian
subsidiary. Notably, the above-mentioned clause stipulated that until title
passed, the goods were to be held by the appellant as the respondent’s
“fiduciary agent”. Longmore LJ rejected the argument, finding (at [28]) that
if the appellant were regarded as the respondent’s agent, then the respondent
would be conferred a “potential windfall” in the event that the proceeds of
the sale exceeded the price of the goods to be paid by the appellant to the
respondent. The correct understanding of the retention of title clause was
that it simply provided security for the respondent. It would also be
“remarkable” if the relationship of the parties was that of principal and
agent with the respondent having no control of the terms on which his agent
(the appellant) was reselling. Patten and Floyd LJJ disagreed. They preferred
the view that the appellant’s obligation to account for the sale proceeds was
“the hallmark of a fiduciary relationship” (at [66]). Accordingly, title did
not pass to the appellant until payment of the price, and the order below for
the payment of the price was set aside.

44 On the second issue, the respondent contended that s 49 is “permissive not
exclusive” and did not preclude an action for the price when the buyer has
failed to pay the price under a contract of sale, even if property in the
goods has not passed to the buyer: FG Wilson at [22]. Longmore LJ did not
agree, observing (at [41]) that the UK SOGA had “taken the trouble to spell
out [the] two circumstances where an action for the price [could] be
maintained”, by way of ss 49(1) and (2) of the UK SOGA. And if an action for
the price could be maintained whenever the obligation to pay arose, then s 49
would be “largely otiose”. He noted, however, controversy in the academic
writings (at [43]) and the lack of a uniform position in the cases on the
issue (at [45]–[52]). Longmore LJ defended s 49(1) on the basis that when it
was drafted, “it was axiomatic that a seller could not sue for the price
unless property in the goods had passed. It would have been thought unfair to
a buyer if, before delivery had occurred, the goods had perished or been
damaged and yet the price was payable, unless the goods were actually his
property. … It would also be odd if a seller’s creditors on bankruptcy could
both seize goods still on his premises and sue the buyer for the price.”
[emphasis added].

45 Separately, in relation to the possibility of the payment term falling
within the scope of s 49(2) (although the respondent did not rely on this
subsection), Longmore LJ observed as follows:

44 It is no doubt true that retention of title clauses were less common in
1893 than they are today. But if a seller is happy to allow a buyer use of the
goods without paying for them but wishes to ensure that he retains property in
the goods and that he can sue for the price, he only has to provide for
payment to be due on a day certain. That is what one would usually expect a
seller to do; indeed that is what FG Wilson’s terms and conditions do under
the heading “Prices and payments” where it is provided that the buyer is to
pay within 30 days of the date of the invoice. … [emphasis added]

46 In conclusion, Longmore LJ noted (at [55]) that there would not a claim for
damages for failure to pay the price, given that English law did not normally
permit such a claim. His overall analysis led him to the “somewhat
unsatisfactory position of concluding that, if property had never passed to
[the appellant], [the respondent would] have no claim for the price nor even a
claim to damages. That is just an inherent result of a retention of title
clause and shows that it has dangers as well as benefits.” [emphasis added].
However, given his finding that property in the goods had passed to the
appellant (which was not an agent of the respondent), he would have concluded
that the respondent was entitled to judgment for the price.

The Res Cogitans

47 The Res Cogitans concerned a chain of contracts linking five different
parties. The appellant shipowners (“the Shipowners”) contracted with the first
respondent (“OWBM”) for the supply of bunkers for their vessel. The contract
contained a retention of title clause that vested title to the bunkers in OWBM
until it received full payment of all amounts due in connection with the
delivery of the bunkers. The clause also required the Shipowners to hold the
bunkers as bailee for OWBM pending such payment and prohibited the Shipowners
from using the Bunkers other than for the propulsion of the vessel. The
Shipowners were to make “[p]ayment within 60 days from date of delivery upon
presentation of invoice”. OWBM obtained the bunkers from its parent company
(“OWBAS”), which in turn obtained the bunkers from another supplier (“RMUK”).
RMUK itself was supplied by its associate (“RNB”).

48 The Shipowners availed themselves of their right to consume the bunkers in
the vessel’s propulsion. However, no payment was ever made by OWBM or OWBAS to
RMUK, which paid RNB in accordance with their contract. RMUK demanded payment
from the Shipowners, who sought a declaration in arbitration that it was not
liable to pay OWBM for the bunkers.

49 The arbitrators found that the contract between OWBM and the Shipowners was
a sui generis contract and was not one of sale under s 2 of the UK SOGA. Thus,
there could be no defence under s 49 of the UK SOGA (for instance, the defence
that property to the bunkers had not passed to the Shipowners) to the claim
for the price. In the High Court, Males J dismissed the Shipowners’ appeal and
the Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal from Males J’s decision.

50 Lord Mance JSC delivered the unanimous decision of the UK Supreme Court,
which also consisted of Lords Neuberger, Clarke, Hughes and Toulson JJSC. As
Lord Mance’s reasoning is of considerable complexity, it is useful to divide
his reasoning into three parts, each corresponding to an issue before the
Supreme Court (and each relevant to the present case).

(1) The contract for supply of bunkers as a sui generis contract

51 The primary issue before the Supreme Court was whether the contract between
OWBM and the Shipowners was a contract of sale to which the UK SOGA would
apply. Lord Mance began by making a few observations on the surrounding
commercial realities (at [27]). He noted that “[b]unker suppliers know that
bunkers are for use” and that standard terms prohibiting such use “would be
uncommercial or in practice, no doubt, simply ignored”, the “liberty to use
the bunkers for propulsion prior to payment [being] a vital and essential
feature of the bunker supply business”. This led Lord Mance to characterise
the contract as something other than an ordinary contract of sale (at [28]):

In these circumstances, OWBM’s contract with the owners cannot be regarded as
a straightforward agreement to transfer the property in the bunkers to the
owners for a price. It was in substance an agreement with two aspects: first,
to permit consumption prior to any payment and … without any property ever
passing in the bunkers consumed; and, second, but only if and so far as
bunkers remained unconsumed, to transfer the property in the bunkers so
remaining to the owners in return for the owners paying the price. But in this
latter connection it is to be noted that the price does not here refer to the
price of the bunkers in respect of which property was passing, it refers to
the price payable for all the bunkers, whether consumed before or remaining at
the time of its payment. [emphasis added]

52 In support of his finding, Lord Mance referred to an unreported decision of
the UK Court of Appeal in Harry & Garry Ltd v Jariwalla (unreported) 16 June
1988; [1988] CA Transcript No 516 (“Harry & Garry”). That case concerned an
agreement that the suppliers of defective sarees would either cancel bills of
exchange given to their buyers, therefore relieving the buyers of their
acceptance of the bills, or to take back and repay the buyers whose interest
would be secured by an agreement that the buyers would retain title in the
sarees until repayment was made. The suppliers chose the second option and
took back a large number of sarees for attempted sale, but in the event failed
to sell the sarees and also failed to repay the buyers. Kerr LJ (as he then
was) found that the agreement was not a contract for the sale of goods to
which the UK SOGA applied. Rather, “[l]ike many other contracts in complex
situations, this was a sui generis transaction”. Lord Mance adopted a similar
approach, finding (at [34]) that the contract between OWBM and the Shipowners
was a sui generis contract because it “offered a feature quite different from
a contract of sale of goods – the liberty to consume all or any part of the
bunkers supplied without acquiring property in them or having paid for them”.
Given that the UK SOGA therefore did not apply to the contract, the Shipowners
could not avail themselves of any defence under s 49 to the claim for price.

(2) Whether the UK SOGA is a complete code for price claims

53 Usefully, Lord Mance went on to consider the position if the contract had
been a contract of sale governed by the UK SOGA. In pursuing this inquiry, he
directly confronted the finding in FG Wilson that the UK SOGA represents a
complete code which precluded any action for price outside its terms.

54 Lord Mance first observed (at [48]) that a claim for damages for non-
payment of money could “quite readily be accommodated in the modern law”
(citing Colley v Overseas Exporters [1921] 3 KB 302 (“Colley”), Laird v Pim
(1841) 7 M & W 474 and Sempra Metal Ltd (formerly Metallgesellschaft Ltd) v
Inland Revenue Commissioners [2008] AC 561). He found that on the facts of The
Res Cogitans, there would in fact be no difference between the agreed price
and the damages for non-payment of the price, given the complete consumption
of the bunkers. More significantly, Lord Mance addressed Longmore LJ’s
assessment that it would be unfair to buyers if, before delivery occurred, the
goods perished or were damaged and yet the price was payable, unless the goods
were actually the buyer’s property (see [44] above). Lord Mance noted (at
[49]–[50]) that this concern would really only arise in situations where
delivery had not been made and the property was at the risk of the seller. It
did not apply where the buyer is permitted to dispose of or consume the goods,
or if the goods are at the buyer’s risk and are destroyed or damaged. He
surmised as follows (at [53]):

… the 1893 Act was rooted in and intended to reflect common law authority,
developed in an era when freedom of contract and trade were axiomatically
accepted as beneficial. Certainly, a court could not now recognise a claim for
the price in a case falling squarely within section 50 (ie, a claim for
damages for non-acceptance), and it should be cautious about recognising
claims to the price of goods in cases not falling within section 49. But I
consider that this leaves at least some room for claims for the price in other
circumstances than those covered by section 49. [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

55 Lord Mance again drew an analogy to Harry & Garry (see [52] above), finding
(at [54]) that it was “entirely natural and appropriate that [the buyers]
should be entitled to recover for the price of all the sarees so taken back,
on condition of course that they were ready and willing to transfer title in
the remaining sarees to the [suppliers] in return”. After a review of other
authorities, he also found (at [55]–[57]) that price actions may be sustained
in respect of undelivered goods that are at the buyer’s risk but which remain
the seller’s property, and are destroyed by perils of the seas or by fire. He
concluded as follows:

57 … The present situation is in my opinion a fortiori. The price of bunkers,
which remain the seller’s property but which are both (i) at the buyer’s risk
as regards damage or destruction (clause G.12) and (ii) also permitted by the
express terms of the contract to be destroyed by use for the owners’
commercial benefit, must be equally recoverable. I add that I do not suggest
that this is the limit of the circumstances outside section 49 in which the
price may be recoverable. The decision in Harry & Garry 16 June 1988 itself
was that the price was recoverable for all the 2,494 sarees agreed to be
bought back, although only 411 of them had been disposed of by the buyers with
the seller’s permission. The precise limits of such circumstances – and the
significance which may in particular attach to the use of retention of title
clauses in combination with physical delivery of the goods and the transfer of
risk – must be left for determination on some future occasion. I would only
add that, when that occasion arises, much benefit will be obtained (as I have
done in writing this judgment) from the perceptive discussion by Professor
Louise Gullifer in her article “The interpretation of retention of title
clauses: some difficulties” [2014] LMCLQ 564. …

58 It follows from what I have said that, had the contract been one of sale, I
would have held, overruling [FG Wilson] on this point, that section 49 is not
a comprehensive code of situations in which the price may be recoverable under
a contract of sale, and that, in the present case, the price was recoverable
by virtue of its express terms in the event which has occurred, namely the
complete consumption of the bunkers supplied.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

56 The overall result of Lord Mance’s decision was that the Shipowners had no
defence to the action for price because (a) the UK SOGA did not apply to the
contract between OWBM and the Shipowners, since it was sui generis; and (b)
even if the contract was a contract of sale to which the UK SOGA applied, s 49
was no bar to a claim by OWBM for the agreed price since the claim could be
sustained outside the statute.

(3) The meaning of “day certain irrespective of delivery”

57 While the applicability of s 49(2) to the contract did not arise before the
Supreme Court (it appears that permission to appeal on this point had not been
given by Males J: see The Res Cogitans at [14]), Lord Mance made several
important remarks in this regard. He observed (at [45]) that s 49(2) reflected
an established common law exception that allowed a seller to enforce payment,
provided that he is ready and able at the same time to deliver the goods to
the buyer and property in them (citing Otis Vehicle Rentals Ltd (formerly
Brandrick Hire (Birmingham) Ltd v Ciceley Commercials Ltd [2002] All ER (D)
203 at [16]). He then commented as follows on FG Wilson and the applicability
of s 49(2) to the contracts at hand (at [45]):

… In [FG Wilson], Longmore LJ expressed the view that a “price payable on a
day certain” would embrace a situation where the price was expressed to be
payable within 30 days of the date of the invoice. If so, it would embrace the
situation under RMUK’s contract with OWBAS or OWBM’s contract with the owners,
whereby the price was payable within respectively 30 or 60 days of delivery.
This was also Males J’s view, differing on the point from the arbitrators.
[emphasis added]

58 Later in his judgment, Lord Mance returned to the subject of s 49(2) where
he made the following important observations regarding the circumstances in
which s 49(2) applies (at [50]):

Section 49(2) relaxes only partially the strictness of section 49(1), and it
depends on the price being “payable on a day certain”. These are words which
can no doubt be construed liberally, as Longmore LJ was minded to, but are not
of indefinite expansion. Further, the main focus of section 49(2) may well
have been on cases where delivery has not been made – hence the phrase
“irrespective of delivery”. Section 49(2) does not focus on the position
existing where delivery is made, title is reserved but the price is agreed to
be paid, albeit not a particular “day certain”. Even less does it focus on the
position where all these features are present and the buyer is permitted to
dispose of or consume the goods or they are at the buyer’s risk and are
destroyed or damaged. … [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Analysis

59 Although Mr Ting chose to advance the Sui Generis Argument first, I prefer
to begin with his arguments on the statute, that is, the s 49(1) and s 49(2)
Arguments (of which I will begin by addressing the latter). I will then turn
to the Complete Code Argument and finally to the Sui Generis Argument.

The s 49(2) Argument

60 Mr Ting for the Plaintiff had argued that the Payment Clause, which
provides that the Defendant is to make payment of “100% net cash via wire
transfer within 30 working days after Seller’s presentation of the documents”
(see [6] above), satisfies the requirements under s 49(2) of the SOGA. In
other words, the clause provides for payment “on a day certain irrespective of
delivery”.

61 In response, Mr Quah for the Defendant submitted that the Payment Clause
was not “irrespective of delivery … because presentation of documents requires
delivery. Delivery is at issue.” Mr Quah’s argument rests on a particular
understanding of the phrase “irrespective of delivery”, namely, that the time
for payment stipulated in the agreement cannot depend on the occurrence of
delivery. The time for payment must be capable of being ascertained
independently from the time of delivery. Mr Quah did not refer me to any case
authority in this regard but, as I will explain, his reading of s 49(2) is not
without some jurisprudential support.

62 I do not accept Mr Quah’s argument. In my view, the requirement of payment
“on a day certain irrespective of delivery” does not mean that the time for
payment cannot be dependent on or otherwise associated with delivery or the
time for delivery. Rather, the phrase “irrespective of delivery” means that
the time for payment may be, but need not be contingent on delivery or the
time for delivery. Accordingly, a term requiring payment at a time that is
ascertainable with reference to delivery or the time for delivery is capable
of falling within the scope of s 49(2). I have reached this conclusion for
three principal reasons. First, a contextual reading of s 49(2) demonstrates
that the phrase “irrespective of delivery” was meant to alleviate parties from
the ordinary statutory condition that payment be concurrent with delivery.
Second, the modern judicial preference has been for a less restrictive reading
of s 49(2). Third, principle and policy do not support a requirement that
parties must dissociate the time for payment from the seller’s contractual
performance of delivery in order to preserve potential claims under s 49(2).

A contextual reading of s 49(2)

63 To begin, s 49(2) must be understood in the context of the SOGA as a whole.
This includes s 28, which sets out the default position regarding payment and
delivery:

Payment and delivery are concurrent conditions

28\. Unless otherwise agreed, delivery of the goods and payment of the price
are concurrent conditions, that is to say, the seller must be ready and
willing to give possession of the goods to the buyer in exchange for the price
and the buyer must be ready and willing to pay the price in exchange for
possession of the goods.

[emphasis added]

64 In “The UK Supreme Court Decision in The Res Cogitans and the Cardinal Role
of Property in Sales Law” [2017] SJLS 345 at 362 (“Bridge (The Res
Cogitans)”), Professor Bridge explains why the payment clause in The Res
Cogitans satisfied the requirement in s 49(2). In his words, “payment was due
irrespective of delivery, in the sense that it was not linked to delivery as a
mutual and concurrent condition, which is the presumptive rule in section 28”
[emphasis added]. By stipulating that the time for payment of price is
“irrespective of delivery”, s 49(2) clarifies that payment need not be
concurrent with delivery, which is a requirement that would otherwise apply
given s 28. Therefore, s 49(2) gives effect to parties’ agreement that payment
is to be made before or after – and not at the same time as – delivery. The
point is succinctly expressed in Bridge at para 11.67:

… Under s 49(2), in essence, the dependency between the seller’s duty to
deliver and the buyer’s duty to pay the price, presumptively established by
section 28, is severed by the terms of the contract itself. The buyer’s duty
to pay is consequently “irrespective of delivery” and the seller’s right to
call upon the buyer to pay the price matures on the date that payment falls
due.

This is supported by Lord Mance’s observation in The Res Cogitans at [50] that
the “main focus of section 49(2) may well have been on cases where delivery
has not been made – hence the phrase ‘irrespective of delivery’. Section 49
does not focus on the position existing where delivery is made, title is
reserved but the price is agreed to be paid, albeit not on a particular day
certain.” [emphasis added].

65 Put another way, the stipulation in s 49(2) that the payment of price is
“irrespective of delivery” is permissive, not exclusory. It is intended to
relieve parties from the default position that the day certain for payment is
concurrent with delivery, but not to preclude parties from associating the
time for payment with delivery if they so wish.

The position in case law

66 Although the position in the case law is not uniform, I find that recent
authorities have tended toward the view I have preferred.

67 In FG Wilson, the payment clause provided that the appellant buyer was to
pay the respondent seller within 30 days of the date of the invoice. Longmore
LJ observed (at [44]) that “if a seller is happy to allow a buyer use of the
goods without paying for them but wishes to ensure that he retains property in
the goods and that he can sue for the price, he only has to provide for
payment to be due on a day certain” (see [45] above). He remarked that not
only was that “what one would usually expect a seller to do; indeed that is
what FG Wilson’s terms and conditions do under the heading ‘Prices and
payments’ where it is provided that the buyer is to pay within 30 days of the
date of the invoice” [emphasis added]. Longmore LJ was therefore of the view
that the payment term satisfied the requirements in s 49(2). In her article
“The interpretation of retention of title clauses: some difficulties” (2014)
LMCLQ 564 (“Gullifer”), Professor Gullifer highlights (at p578) that because
the time for payment provided in the payment term in FG Wilson depended on the
raising of the invoice, it therefore indirectly concerned the date of
delivery, since the invoice could only be raised after delivery. Thus,
although the payment term in FG Wilson referred to the date of the invoice,
the date of delivery was also thereby put into issue. In the present case, I
do not understand Mr Ting to have disputed Mr Quah’s suggestion that the
“Seller’s presentation of the documents” as mentioned in the Payment Clause
(see [6] above) means that the time for payment is tied or associated to
delivery.

68 In The Res Cogitans, the contract between OWBM and the Shipowners required
the latter to make “[p]ayment within 60 days from date of delivery upon
presentation of invoice”. OWBAS’ contract with its supplier RMUK required the
former to make “payment within 30 days from date of delivery against hard copy
of invoice”. By the express terms of these contracts, there can be no doubt
that the time for payment was tied directly to the date of delivery. In the
High Court, Males J took the view (in obiter comments) that the payment terms
were “provision[s] for payment to be made within a fixed period after
delivery” [emphasis added] and that this satisfied the requirement in s 49(2):
PST Energy 7 Shipping LLC and another v OW Bunker Malta Ltd and another [2015]
EWHC 2022 (Comm) at [73]. He noted that in Workman, Clark & Co Ltd v Lloyd
Brazileno [1908] 1 KB 968, the Court of Appeal had held that the sellers could
sue the buyers for a liquidated sum in respect of a shipbuilding contract that
provided for payment of instalments based on particular stages of the
construction of the ship. This, in Males J’s view, accorded with Longmore LJ’s
approach in FG Wilson.

69 In the Supreme Court, Lord Mance expressed a similar opinion. He likewise
referred to Longmore LJ’s view that the payment term in FG Wilson met the
requirements in s 49(2), and held (at [45]) that this approach “would embrace
the situation under RMUK’s contract with OWBAS or OWBM’s contract with the
[Shipowners], whereby the price was payable within respectively 30 or 60 days
of delivery” (see also [57] above). He also recognised that s 49(2) could “no
doubt be construed liberally”, although the words of the provision were “not
of indefinite expansion”. Professor Bridge surmises that an action could
therefore have been brought by OWBM against the Shipowners for the price under
s 49(2), and that would have been enough to conclude the eligibility of OWBM
to sue for the price had the contract been treated as one of sale: Bridge (The
Res Cogitans) at p362. In his view, the Supreme Court’s conclusion on the
availability of a price action was commendable – it “simplif[ies] the law on
remedies and protect[s] the seller’s just expectations”: Bridge (The Res
Cogitans) at p365.

70 Section 49(2) is said to have been based on a decision of some antiquity,
Dunlop and others v Grote and another (1845) 2 Car. & K. 153 (“Dunlop”):
Benjamin at para 16-025. In Dunlop, the plaintiffs contracted to supply iron
to the defendants, who were to pay cash for every ton delivered. Delivery was
to be taken by the defendants between 3 March and end-April. The contract
provided that “if delivery of the said iron should not be required by the
defendants on or before [30 April] … [then] the said iron was to be paid for
by the defendants on [that date]”. The defendants failed to pay a portion of
the sum and the plaintiffs sued for the remainder, arguing that there was a
day fixed for the payment of the money. Cresswell J agreed, holding that the
plaintiffs were entitled to recover the monies “as it was agreed to be paid on
a day certain”. In short, despite the fact that the payment term associated
the time for payment with the delivery of the iron, the court accepted that a
claim for price could be maintained.

71 As I have mentioned, the cases are not all one way. For instance, in Shell-
Mex Ltd v Elton Cop Dyeing Co Ltd (1928) 34 Com. Cas. 39, Wright J took the
view (at 43) that “a day certain” was “a time specified in the contract not
depending on a future or contingent event” (see also Stein Forbes & Co v
County Tailoring Co (1916) 115 L.T. 215, cf Polenghi v Dried Milk Co Ltd
(1904) 10 Com. Cas. 42). It has therefore been said the case law “does not
throw very much light on the matter”: Bridge at para 11.68. But if the more
recent decisions in FG Wilson and The Res Cogitans are anything to go by, the
modern preference appears to be for a less restrictive understanding of s
49(2).

Principle and policy

72 As a matter of principle, I do not see any clear reason why, in a situation
where property has not passed, a seller cannot bring an action for price to
enforce a payment term providing for price to be payable on a date
ascertainable by reference to delivery. This is particularly so where delivery
has in fact been made by the seller, as the Plaintiff has in the present case.
If the seller has upheld his end of the bargain and delivered the goods to the
buyer, it seems a fortiori the case that he should be able to obtain payment
on the heels of his performance.

73 The objection may perhaps be that the date of delivery might be uncertain,
and therefore a payment term in which the date for payment is ascertainable by
reference to delivery is inconsistent with the requirement that the price be
payable “on a day certain”. That argument, however, only has any traction if
the date of delivery is in fact uncertain, either because the date of delivery
is unclear from the terms of the contract or for some inherent reason (for
instance, a term that payment be made upon the next occurrence of rainfall).
But where the ascertainment of the date of delivery does not run into any such
difficulties, then the maxim certum est quod certum reddi potest (ie, that is
certain which may be made certain) should surely apply, such that the date of
payment may also be regarded as certain. This is also the view that Professor
Bridge takes in relation to the payment clause in The Res Cogitans: Bridge
(The Res Cogitans) at p362.

74 Professor Gullifer has opined that it would be uncommercial to require a
seller to stipulate an actual date for payment in the contract: Gullifer at
p578. Given that payment is often contingent on delivery having been made (and
understandably so), I would add that it would be unrealistic to expect this
generally. Professor Gullifer further observes that such a requirement would
also be unfair to the buyer, who would normally want the credit period to
extend from the date of delivery. By forcibly dissociating the time for
payment from that of delivery, one would restrict not only parties’ freedom of
contract but also buyers’ ability to protect their interests by requiring
payment to be made within a period after delivery.

75 For the above reasons, I find Mr Quah’s approach unpersuasive. In my
judgment, the Payment Clause satisfies the requirements under s 49(2) and the
Price Claim may be maintained pursuant to that provision, assuming that title
has not passed.

The s 49(1) Argument

76 The key question in relation to the s 49(1) Argument is, of course, whether
property in the Goods has passed to the Defendant (as buyer) such that the
Price Claim may be sustained under s 49(1). As described at [24(b)] above, Mr
Ting had two submissions in this regard. First, he highlighted that the ROT
Clause expressly envisages that the Defendant may on-sell the goods to third
parties. This can be seen from the following extract from the ROT Clause:

… if the Buyer sells the Goods, the Buyer’s right to receive payment pursuant
to such sale of the Goods will be held in trust for the Seller and any
proceeds of such sale will be the property of the Seller, and the Buyer will
hold the proceeds of any such sale on account of the Seller and keep the
proceeds separately from its own money. …

Mr Ting pointed out that the Goods had, by the Defendant’s admission, been on-
sold to the Sub-Buyer in July and August 2018, at or shortly after the time
that the Plaintiff made delivery to the Defendant. The Goods were therefore no
longer in the Defendant’s possession. Given the terms of the ROT Clause, the
sale to the Sub-Buyer would therefore be (in Mr Ting’s words) “a disposal with
the authority of the owner”, operating to pass title to the Sub-Buyer.

77 Mr Ting’s second argument was based on s 25 of the SOGA, which provides:

Buyer in possession after sale

25\. Where a person having bought or agreed to buy goods obtains, with the
consent of the seller, possession of the goods or the documents of title to
the goods, the delivery or transfer by that person, or by a mercantile agent
acting for him, of the goods or documents of title, under any sale, pledge, or
other disposition thereof, to any person receiving the same in good faith and
without notice of any lien or other right of the original seller in respect of
the goods, has the same effect as if the person making the delivery or
transfer were a mercantile agent in possession of the goods or documents of
title with the consent of the owner.

Mr Ting submitted that the Sub-Buyer had good title by virtue of s 25.
Consequently, “for both these reasons, title will have passed”.

78 I did not understand Mr Quah to have contested the s 49(1) Argument. Mr
Quah’s response in this regard was simply to point out that the Plaintiff had
taken the position that title to the Goods had passed to the Sub-Buyer. The
passing of such title meant that the Plaintiff was not entitled to the relief
sought in the Proprietary Claims. Mr Quah’s decision not to dispute the s
49(1) Argument but to focus instead on the Proprietary Claims perhaps arose
from the fact that a winding up application had just been filed against the
Defendant, as Mr Quah informed me during the hearing on 27 December 2018. No
further details of that application were furnished. Be that as it may, I will
consider at a later stage Mr Quah’s argument that I should “decide in the
round” if the Plaintiff is entitled to the relief sought, including the
Proprietary Claims.

79 I will examine, at present, the two submissions advanced by Mr Ting to
establish the s 49(1) Argument. Section 49(1) clearly requires that “the
property in the goods has passed to the buyer” [emphasis added]. It is for
that reason insufficient for the Plaintiff to demonstrate that title to the
Goods passed to the Sub-Buyer if that does not also show that title passed, at
some point, to the Defendant (as the buyer from the Plaintiff). Put another
way, in order to succeed in its argument, the Plaintiff must show that the
Defendant obtained title to the Goods as a result or in the course of the sub-
sale.

Disposal with the authority of the seller

80 Mr Ting’s first argument, that the transfer of the property from the
Defendant to the Sub-Buyer was a “disposal with the authority of the owner”,
receives some support from an observation in Benjamin. At para 5-158, Benjamin
states that although the contract between buyer and seller contains a
retention of title clause, the sub-purchaser of goods from the buyer “will
acquire a good title under the [UK SOGA] s. 25(1) or under the Factors Act
1889 s.2, or because the buyer has the express or implied authority of the
seller to sell the goods in the ordinary course of business and confer a good
title on sub-purchasers” [emphasis added]. A similar observation was made by
Slade J in Re Bond Worth Ltd [1980] Ch 228 at 246, in relation to a retention
of title clause permitting the sellers to retain “equitable and beneficial
ownership” in the goods until full payment had been received or “until prior
resale, in which case [the sellers’] beneficial entitlement shall attach to
the proceeds of resale or to the claim for such proceeds”. Slade J took the
view that the words “until prior resale” in the retention of title clause
“render[ed] the implication of [the buyers’] authority to resell [to sub-
buyers] inevitable”.

81 It is, however, not entirely clear to me what is meant when it is said that
the sub-buyer has good title because the sub-sale was a “disposal with the
authority of the owner” (or because the buyer had the “authority of the
seller” to sell the goods, to use the language in Benjamin). This is relevant
for present purposes insofar as it explains why property in the goods also
came to be vested in the buyer at some point in time (if that is indeed the
case).

82 In my view, there are two possible interpretations of what is meant by the
buyer having the “authority of the seller” to sell the goods. First, it might
be meant that the buyer sold the goods to the sub-buyer on behalf of the
seller – ie, the buyer sold the goods as the seller’s agent. But it appears
extremely unlikely to me that this accords with what the parties intended. It
is, in the absence of other indication, far more plausible that the parties
intended to buy and sell on their own accounts as principals in the ordinary
course of business (see also Gullifer at pp567–572). More importantly, I am
unable to see how property in the goods would have passed to the buyer, as
opposed to the sub-buyer, if the former sold the goods to the latter as the
seller’s agent. The buyer would never have himself obtained title since what
the buyer would have contracted to give the sub-buyer is the seller’s title.

83 Second, it might simply have been meant that the seller agreed to let the
buyer on-sell the goods, should the buyer decide to do so. It is, however, not
immediately obvious why this yields the result that the sub-buyer obtained
title to the goods, given the seller’s retention of title pending full payment
by the buyer. A possible answer is that the parties also agreed that the
seller’s retention of title should come to an end in the event of a sub-sale,
in which event property in the goods would be permitted to pass from seller to
buyer, who would then be in a position to pass title to the sub-buyer. The
seller would still have security for the buyer’s payment, although that
security would no longer consist in the retention of title. It would instead
lie in the sale proceeds, which would be held by the buyer for the seller (as
reflected in the ROT Clause in the present case (see the extract at [76]
above)). This, to my mind, is a plausible and commercial account of what the
parties intended.

84 It is also supported by Popplewell J’s reasoning in the first instance
decision in FG Wilson, with which Longmore LJ agreed on appeal: FG Wilson at
[25]. Popplewell J found that notwithstanding the retention of title clause,
parties had agreed that property in the goods should pass to the appellant
when they were delivered to the appellant’s factory in Larne, Northern
Ireland, for resale to the Nigerian subsidiary, or at the latest when sold on
to the Nigerian subsidiary if that were later: FG Wilson (Engineering) Ltd v
John Holt & Co (Liverpool) Ltd [2012] EWHC 2477 (Comm) (“FG Wilson (HC)”) at
[58]; FG Wilson at [22]. The products were “specifically supplied for resale,
with the intention that title would pass down the chain to the Nigerian
customers when they bought the products”: FG Wilson (HC) at [58].

85 This analysis might be open to some doubt insofar as it appears to entail
that at the moment of sub-sale (or such time as property was to be transferred
to the sub-buyer), property in the goods passed in a scintilla temporis from
the seller to the buyer and then to the sub-buyer; and in this regard I am
mindful of the following remark by Lord Hoffmann in Ingram and another
(executors of the estate of Lady Ingram (deceased)) v Inland Revenue
Commissioners [1999] 1 All ER 297 at 303: “I do not think that a theory based
upon the notion of a scintilla temporis can have a very powerful grasp on
reality”. I am, however, of the view that the successive passing of title does
not pose any real or practical difficulty if that was what parties intended,
and I find that a strong argument may be made that that was indeed what they
envisioned. In Romalpa, it was common ground (and the Court of Appeal
accepted) that the parties had agreed that the defendant buyers would be able
to lawfully sell the goods in their possession despite not having yet paid the
plaintiff sellers for them. Roskill LJ, who delivered the leading judgment,
commented that to hold otherwise “would be to stultify the whole business
purpose of these transactions”: Romalpa at 689C. There is force in this
observation, which underscores the need to adopt a reading of the contract
that gives effect to the commercial intentions and expectations of the
parties.

86 I should highlight for completeness that there are authorities that do not
support such a reading. In Four Point Garage Ltd v Carter [1985] 3 All ER 12,
the defendant purchased a car from a third party, which then contracted with
the plaintiff to obtain the car. At the request of the third party, the
plaintiff delivered the car directly to the defendant. When the third party
went into liquidation without having paid the plaintiff for the car, the
plaintiff commenced proceedings against the defendant, seeking a declaration
that it owned the car pursuant to a retention of title clause in the contract
between itself and the third party. The defendant argued that the retention of
title clause prevented the passing of title from the plaintiff to the third
party, since the latter had not paid for the car, with the result that it
could not have passed good title to the defendant. Brown J observed (at 14)
that “[f]rom these facts it is plain … that [the third party] never acquired
good title to the motor car as between themselves and the plaintiffs since
they never made payment in regard to the motor car and thus fell foul of the
Romalpa clause” [emphasis added]. He later found that the defendant had title
pursuant to s 25 and alternatively because (applying the agency construction)
the plaintiff had impliedly authorised the third party to sell the car, but
none of these determinations contradicted his earlier finding that the third
party never acquired good title. I note, however, that the possibility of
parties having agreed that title would be passed to the third party for
conveyance to the defendant upon a sub-sale (with the plaintiff’s security
then attaching to the proceeds of the sub-sale) was not canvassed or
considered.

87 In the circumstances, and particularly in light of the fact that Mr Quah
did not dispute either of Mr Ting’s submissions within the s 49(2) Argument, I
am satisfied that under a reasonable construction of the ROT Clause, property
in the Goods passed to the Defendant (and thereon to the Sub-Buyer) when the
sub-sale occurred.

Buyer in possession after sale

88 I am less confident, however, of Mr Ting’s reliance on s 25 of the SOGA as
a means of demonstrating that property in the Goods passed, at some point in
the sub-sale, to the Defendant.

89 Section 25 was enacted as an exception to the ordinary rule of nemo dat
quod non habet (ie, no one can give what they do not have). The nemo dat rule
entailed that a buyer who did not have title was unable to pass it to a sub-
buyer: Benjamin at para 7-069. In essence, s 25 allows a buyer of goods, who
is in possession of those goods with the consent of the seller, to pass good
title to a sub-buyer who receives the goods in good faith and without notice
of the seller’s rights. The meaning of a “mercantile agent” in s 25 is defined
in s 26 as a “mercantile agent having in the customary course of his business
as such agent authority either (a) to sell goods; (b) to consign goods for the
purpose of sale; (c) or to buy goods; or (d) to raise money on the security of
goods”. It has been said that the reference to “mercantile agent” in s 25
simply means that one is to assume that the buyer is such a mercantile agent:
Newtons of Wembley Ltd v Williams [1965] 1 QB 560 at 579.

90 It is evident that s 25 is of rather limited application. Given the
requirement that the sub-buyer must not have had notice of the seller’s
original rights, s 25 would not allow title to pass to a sub-buyer who is
aware that the buyer does not yet have title – for instance, where the sub-
buyer knows that the seller retains the property in the goods under a
retention of title clause pending full payment by the buyer. But in a
situation where the seller has also expressly agreed that the buyer may on-
sell the goods and the buyer knows this (as, indeed, it is likely to, given
the ubiquity of clauses to such effect in international trade), it appears
unnecessary and indeed odd that s 25 need have any application at all. In such
a situation, it cannot be said that the seller has experienced some detriment
that it had not both foreseen and agreed to, nor can it properly be said that
the sub-buyer was acting mala fide in purchasing the goods despite knowing of
the retention of title clause. In such a situation, the more plausible
explanation as to why a sub-buyer receives good title is not the operation of
s 25, but rather the simple fact that the seller has agreed to (or
“authorised”) the buyer on-selling the goods. This underscores my earlier
finding on Mr Ting’s first submission.

91 In any event, it is clear to me that s 25 vests title in the sub-buyer by
operation of law (that is, by virtue of that statutory provision), and not
because the provision confers title on the buyer who then passes it to the
sub-buyer. As observed in Benjamin at para 7-071, as a normal rule, a buyer to
whom property in goods has passed under a contract of sale will be able to
confer a good title by virtue of his property in them, and there will in these
circumstances be no need for any reliance on s 25.

92 For the foregoing reasons, I accept that as a matter of construction of the
ROT Clause, parties agreed that property in the Goods should pass to the
Defendant in the event of a sub-sale (such that the Defendant might pass good
title to the Sub-Buyer). I do not accept Mr Ting’s alternative submission that
the Defendant obtained property in the Goods through the operation of s 25,
which vests title directly in a sub-buyer who receives the goods in good faith
and without notice of any lien or other right of the original seller. In the
result, I am prepared to find that the Price Claim may be sustained under s
49(1) of the SOGA. The upshot of my findings on s 49 is that the Price Claim
may be pursued under either of its two subsections.

The Complete Code Argument

93 In the event that its arguments on s 49 fail, the Plaintiff pursues another
avenue of recourse. This is Mr Ting’s argument that the SOGA is not an
exhaustive code for actions to recover price. In this regard, he relied on The
Res Cogitans which in his view represents the current status of English law on
the matter, since it overruled FG Wilson on the point. Mr Ting also referred
me to academic criticism by Professor Gullifer of the finding in FG Wilson
that the UK SOGA is comprehensive.

94 Mr Ting’s argument, as far as it goes, is incomplete. In order for the
Plaintiff to succeed in the Price Claim, it is insufficient for the Plaintiff
to show that the SOGA is not a complete code of the circumstances in which an
action for price can be brought. It must also demonstrate that the present
case is one in which an action for price can in fact be sustained outside the
SOGA. In other words, the Plaintiff must show that the Price Claim satisfies
such requirements that exist for actions for price outside the SOGA.

Shift in the English position

95 I have briefly described Longmore LJ’s reasoning in FG Wilson on this issue
at [41] above. In summary, Longmore LJ had three main reasons for taking the
view that the UK SOGA was not a complete code:

(a) First, the statute “had taken the trouble to spell out two circumstances
where an action for the price can be maintained: (1) when property has passed,
and (2) if the price is payable on a day certain”: at [40]. It could have
provided for parties to agree that price be due and payable at any time the
parties so agreed (as counsel for the respondent had argued), but it “[did]
not appear so to provide”.

(b) Second, if an action for price could be maintained whenever the obligation
to pay arose under the contract, then s 49 would be “largely otiose”. This was
“a consideration which strongly suggests that section 49 intends to specify
the only circumstances in which the seller may maintain action for the price”:
at [41].

(c) Third, s 49 supports the idea that it would be “unfair to a buyer if,
before delivery had occurred, the goods had perished or been damaged and yet
the price was payable, unless the goods were actually his property… It would
also be odd if a seller’s creditors on bankruptcy could both seize goods still
on his premises and sue the buyer for the price”: at [43].

96 Lord Mance in The Res Cogitans did not find Longmore LJ’s reasoning on
unfairness to the buyer (see [95(c)] above) persuasive. That concern would
only arise in situations where delivery has not been made and the goods were
still at the risk of the sellers. But in a situation where the goods were at
the buyer’s risk, the “oddity mentioned by Longmore LJ would not have
existed”: at [49]. He held (at [50]) that s 49 “does not focus on the position
existing where delivery is made, title is reserved but the price is agreed to
be paid, albeit not on a particular ‘day certain’”, and “[e]ven less does [s
49] focus on the position where all these features are present and the buyer
is permitted to dispose of or consume the goods or they are at the buyer’s
risk and are destroyed or damaged”.

97 Put another way, it would not be unfair to the buyer if he were vulnerable
to an action for the price in the following two situations: (a) where the
goods had been delivered to the buyer and he was permitted under the contract
to dispose of or consume the goods, which he so disposed of or consumed; or
(b) where the goods were at the buyer’s risk and were then destroyed or
damaged. In the first situation, the disposal or consumption of the goods was
pursuant to the agreement of the parties and the will of the buyer; and in the
second situation, the buyer bore the risk of loss. In relation to the second
situation, Lord Mance also cited with approval two decisions of some vintage,
Castle v Playford (1872) LR 7 Ex 98 and Martineau v Kitching (1872) LR 7 QB
436, which demonstrated that “price may therefore be recovered in respect of
goods undelivered which remain the seller’s property but are at the buyer’s
risk and are destroyed by perils of the seas or by fire”: at [57].

98 Lord Mance declined to identify the “precise limits” of the circumstances
outside s 49 in which price would be recoverable, since it was unnecessary for
him to do so. On the facts of The Res Cogitans, not only were the bunkers at
the buyer’s risk as regards damage or destruction (according to the terms of
the contract between OWBM and the Shipowners), the express terms of the
contract also permitted the bunkers to be destroyed by use for the Shipowners’
commercial benefit. This was accordingly an “a fortiori” case for the
recoverability of price by OWBM: at [57].

99 Even before the UK Supreme Court’s decision in The Res Cogitans, Professor
Gullifer had expressed serious doubts about the view that s 49 defines the
only situations in which an action for the price can be brought. In her
article, she opined there were a “number of good reasons why this is an
extremely unsatisfactory position”. The following summary aims to capture only
the gist and not the intricacy of Professor Gullifer’s central arguments
(Gullifer at pp575–579):

(a) The UK SOGA is a default code from which parties can generally deviate. It
is therefore “very odd” that parties cannot provide in their contract that the
seller can sue the buyer for the price in specified circumstances other than
those set out in s 49.

(b) Popplewell J and Longmore LJ in FG Wilson erred by focusing on the need
for passing of property before the seller may sue for the price. When s 49 is
read against other provisions in the UK SOGA, one sees that the evil against
which s 49 really protects is a situation where the goods are not delivered,
but the seller still sues for the price. What the buyer really wants is
delivery of the goods. Therefore, “as a matter of principle, the ability of
the seller to sue for the price should relate to delivery and not to the
passing of property”.

(c) At least outside insolvency, a seller is likely to want to sue a non-
paying buyer for the price rather than to have to repossess the goods, which
may have deteriorated so they are worth less than the price. It is “most
unsatisfactory” that a seller cannot have the normal choice of a secured
party, which is to sue for the price or to stand on its security.

(d) It is doubtful whether, as an alternative remedy, a seller under a
retention of title clause may sue for damages for non-payment of the debt. As
a matter of law, it is unclear if such an action is available. In any event,
an action in damages is less attractive than a claim in debt, as the rules of
remoteness and mitigation apply.

Development of common law claims outside the SOGA

100 Given my finding that the Price Claim can be sustained under s 49 of the
SOGA, it is unnecessary for me to express a concluded view on the difficult
question of whether similar actions for the price can be brought outside the
statute. But had it been necessary for me to decide the point, I would have
been slow to adopt, without more detailed reflection, the sea-change in the
law represented by The Res Cogitans.

101 The legal position in the UK appears to have crystallised since The Res
Cogitans, and it is true that the Supreme Court’s decision on this particular
point has received substantial support from commentators (see the criticism of
FG Wilson at [99] above and Benjamin at para 5-172 where it is remarked that
sellers’ difficulties with s 49 have been “significantly eased” by the ruling
in The Res Cogitans on this point). But it appears to me that the note of
caution sounded by Longmore LJ in FG Wilson at [41] – where he observed that
Parliament had identified only two situations in which actions for the price
can be brought, although it was clearly open to Parliament to have widened the
doors further – cannot be easily dismissed. This is not a view that rests on
the justificatory force behind treating s 49 as exclusive (which appears to
have been the focus of the court in The Res Cogitans and the commentaries). It
is founded on a recognition that Parliament had chosen to speak on the area in
question, and Parliament saw it fit to delineate precise circumstances in
which actions for the price can be brought.

102 It is a well-known canon of construction that where legislation sets up a
comprehensive statutory scheme in an area, this may be taken as an indication
that Parliament intends that existing rights or remedies in the common law
should not continue to apply in the same circumstances: Diggory Bailey and
Luke Norbury, Bennion on Statutory Interpretation (LexisNexis, 7th Ed, 2017)
(“Bennion”) at para 25.11; see also Goh Yihan, “Where judicial and legislative
powers conflict: Dealing with legislative gaps (and non-gaps) in Singapore”
(2016) 28 SAcLJ 472 at para 69. The common law is “treated by implication as
displaced”. In Re McKerr [2004] 2 All ER 409 at [32], Lord Nicholls observed
that the “courts [have] always been slow to develop the common law by
entering, or re-entering, a field regulated by legislation. That [is] so
because otherwise there would inevitably be the prospect of the common law
shaping powers and duties and provisions inconsistent with those prescribed by
Parliament”.

103 The difficulty, as noted in Bennion at para 25.11, is in ascertaining
whether a statute is intended to be a comprehensive scheme or if it may
“coexist with common law rights or remedies”. In Total Network SL v Revenue
and Customs Commissioners [2008] All ER (D) 160 (“Total Network”), Lord Mance
held (at [130]) that for the statutory scheme to supersede and displace common
law rights and remedies, the statute “must positively be shown to be
inconsistent with the continuation of the ordinary common law remedy otherwise
available”.

104 If that were the test, then a case can be made for the view that s 49 is
not intended to be a complete code of circumstances in which actions for the
price can be brought. It has been said that when Parliament enacted s 49, its
intention was “to confirm and crystallise the old law”, that is, the common
law represented in early cases such as Pordage v Cole (1669) 1 Wms. Saund.
319, Dunlop and the old common law forms of action of indebitatus assumpsit:
Benjamin at para 16-002, citing Colley at 309-–310 and FG Wilson at [43]. To
the extent that s 49 was simply a codification of the existing common law, it
would not appear inappropriate for the courts to continue developing the
common law as long as the rights and remedies they create are not inconsistent
with s 49. But I am of the view that any conclusive determination of this
issue would require a closer examination of the roots of ss 49(1) and (2) and
the reasons why Parliament chose to prescribe only the circumstances in those
subsections as situations in which actions for the price can be maintained.

105 As mentioned at [94] above, it is not enough for the Plaintiff to canvass
the possibility of actions for the price outside the SOGA. It must also show
that the Price Claim satisfies the requirements governing price claims outside
the SOGA. In The Res Cogitans, Lord Mance expressed the view that actions for
price outside the UK SOGA may be brought in at least two situations: (a) where
the goods had been delivered to the buyer and he was permitted under the
contract to dispose of or consume the goods, which he so disposed of or
consumed; or (b) where the goods were at the buyer’s risk and were then
destroyed or damaged (see [97] above). Applied to the present case, it would
appear that situation (a) is relevant – the Goods were delivered to the
Defendant, who was permitted under the Contract to on-sell (and thereby
dispose of) the Goods to third parties such as the Sub-Buyer.

106 Benjamin (at paras 16-003 and 16-028) has questioned whether Lord Mance’s
approach was too restrictive, preferring the view that “the seller should be
entitled to sue for the price whenever the terms of the contract expressly or
impliedly so provide”. An analogy is drawn to contracts for the sale of land,
in respect of which there is a general rule that a vendor cannot claim the
purchase monies on the failure or refusal of the purchaser to complete the
contract. That general rule can, however, be excluded “whenever the express
terms of the contract show that the obligation to pay the price is not
intended to be dependent upon a transfer of the title”. The argument made in
Benjamin is therefore that contracts for the sale of goods should be treated
in the same way; “[a] conclusion that the terms of the contract should prevail
would be more in keeping with the contracting parties’ freedom to define their
own obligations”. But if that were so, and there were essentially no real
limits to parties’ ability to define the circumstances in which buyers may be
sued for the price, then the continuing relevance of s 49 would truly be
called into question. As Longmore LJ noted in FG Wilson (at [49]), “if an
action for the price could be maintained whenever the obligation to pay had
arisen, section 49 would be largely otiose”. It might not, strictly speaking,
be “inconsistent” with s 49 for the common law to permit actions for the price
whenever price falls due according to contract (to apply the test in Total
Network). But surely such a development would render s 49 all but irrelevant.

The Sui Generis Argument

107 The UK Supreme Court’s finding in The Res Cogitans that the contract at
issue was not a “contract of sale of goods” to which the UK SOGA applied is
inarguably the most controversial aspect of the judgment. Lord Mance
characterised the contract as a sui generis agreement because it “offered a
feature quite different from a contract of sale of goods – the liberty to
consume all or any part of the bunkers supplied without acquiring property in
them or having paid for them” (at [34]; see also [52] above).

108 The implications of this finding in The Res Cogitans have been explored by
commentators. In Professor Bridge’s assessment, the judgment “affects a very
large number of contracts”, such as a contract under which a wholesaler
supplies goods on credit and reservation of title terms to a retailer, or a
contract containing similar provisions under which raw materials are supplied
to a manufacturer on a just-in-time basis: Bridge (The Res Cogitans) at p356.
Benjamin similarly observes (at paras 1-030 and 4-001) that The Res Cogitans
“casts doubt on the characterisation of a range of contracts that had
previously been regarded as sales where they include a retention of title
clause but permit the consumption (including, presumably, use in
manufacturing) or disposal of the goods”. According to Benjamin (at para
4-001):

The test of a sui generis contract … is therefore capable of capturing a very
large number of contracts with reservation of title clauses where the
recipient is at liberty to consume of the goods prior to payment and the
passing of property. A sui generis contract will also exist where the
recipient of goods is at liberty to dispose of them before payment to a third
party who in turn has a liberty to consume them. …

109 Commentators have likewise put into question the correctness of the
reasoning in The Res Cogitans. Professor Bridge describes the judgment as
“amount[ing] to a substantial upset in the established understanding of a
contract of sale”, with consequences that are “not easy to predict”: Bridge
(The Res Cogitans) at p345. The “immediate significance” of the decision is
that “certain supply contracts that for many decades have been thought to be
contracts of sale of goods and therefore subject to the [UK SOGA] … now have
been authoritatively stated not to be”. The crux of Professor Bridge’s
criticism is that the statutory rights and protections enshrined in the UK
SOGA would not, in absence of further explanation, apply to these sui generis
contracts, leaving sellers and buyers potentially bereft of the recourse they
would have enjoyed before the Supreme Court’s decision. For instance, s
12(2)(b) of the UK SOGA (which is in pari materia to s 12(2)(b) of our SOGA)
allows the implication of a term that the buyer should enjoy quiet possession
of the goods. It is unclear if such a term would be implied into a sui generis
contract: Bridge (The Res Cogitans) at p358. These “systemic consequences” of
the decision were not considered by the Supreme Court, which “took in [its]
very comfortable stride the fact that previously, in numerous reservation of
title cases at first instance, in the Court of Appeal and in the House of
Lords, contracts that would now be treated as sui generis contracts were
treated as sale of goods contracts”: Bridge (The Res Cogitans) at p364.

110 Likewise, Benjamin highlights that The Res Cogitans has caused a “profound
disturbance of the law”: preface at viii. The Supreme Court’s decision also
opens the door to a period of uncertain development in sale of goods law
(Benjamin at para 4-001):

… A consequence of the surprising conclusion arrived at in The Res Cogitans
litigation is that a body of common law parallel to the [UK SOGA] has to be
laboriously developed to deal with sui generis supply contracts and the Act
tracked section by section to see how far its provisions might be extended by
analogy to such contracts. It cannot be assumed that the entire [UK SOGA] is
capable of being applied by analogy to sui generis contracts, partly because
certain provisions of the Act, as now amended and consolidated, did not codify
antecedent common law, and partly because certain provisions are difficult to
reconcile with modern contract law. In addition, the position of sui generis
contracts under other statutes dealing with contracts of sale has to be
reconsidered. [emphasis added]

111 Given my findings on the applicability of s 49, it is also unnecessary for
me to make a determination on Mr Ting’s argument that the Contract in the
present case is likewise sui generis because it permitted the Defendant to on-
sell the Goods despite not having yet paid the price, such that by the time
price fell due, property in the Goods rested with third parties and would not
be transferred from the Plaintiff to the Defendant. While Mr Ting’s reasoning
bears similarity to that employed by Lord Mance in The Res Cogitans (the
liberty to on-sell the Goods being analogous to the liberty to consume the
bunkers, both being liberties to dispose of the goods supplied without
property in them having yet passed), I would only observe that the Contract in
the present case has nothing of the complexity of the buy-back contract at
issue in Harry & Garry, in relation to which Kerr LJ held that “[l]ike many
other contracts in complex situations, this was a sui generis transaction”.
Lord Mance found Kerr LJ’s observation directly applicable to the contract
between OWBM and the Shipowners: The Res Cogitans at [34]. It is less clear in
the context of the Contract, which bears the ordinary incidents of what must
be a vast number of similar contracts used by trading companies. The
ramifications of any finding that the Contract is sui generis, such that the
SOGA does not apply, would be far-reaching indeed.

112 In concluding his article (at p365), Professor Bridge queries if Singapore
should follow the line taken in The Res Cogitans. He answers the rhetorical
question in the negative: “I do hope not, so far as the case split contracts
with a licence to consume from the general body of sale of goods law”. That
question will have to be answered in another case.

Whether the Proprietary Claims need be decided

113 As mentioned at [21], [25(a)] and [78] above, Mr Quah did not dispute that
title to the Goods had passed under s 49(1) of the SOGA, but chose instead to
focus on whether, if judgment for the Price Claim were entered, the court need
also make a determination on the Proprietary Claims.

114 I decline to do so for the simple reason that the subject of the
Application is the Price Claim, not the Proprietary Claims. If the Defendant
takes the view that the Plaintiff is no longer entitled to relief under the
Proprietary Claims once judgment for the Price Claim is entered – whether
because judgment for both sets of claims would entail double recovery or for
some other reason – it is open to the Defendant to take out the necessary
application or make the necessary submission if the Plaintiff later seeks to
enforce the Proprietary Claims. It is for the Defendant to chart its own
course in that respect based on what it considers are the consequences of an
entry of judgment for the Price Claim. I therefore make no determination on
the Proprietary Claims.

Conclusion

115 For the foregoing reasons, I am satisfied that the Price Claim should be
allowed. I therefore enter judgment in the sum of US$3,385,167.87 in favour of
the Plaintiff as against the Defendant. Finally, I record my appreciation to
counsel for their thoughtful and cogent submissions which assisted me greatly.

116 I will hear the parties on costs.

Elton Tan Xue YangAssistant Registrar

Ting Yong Hong (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff;Danny Quah
(Providence Law Asia LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

