Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 71

Criminal Case No 71 of 2018

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
|  
|  
|  
  
And

| Lim Koon Eng Jeremiah  
---|---  
|  
|  
|  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Lim Koon Eng Jeremiah

  

[2019] SGHC 71

High Court — Criminal Case No 71 of 2018  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
18, 19, 21 September; 30 November 2018; 30 January 2019

14 March 2019

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 The accused, Lim Koon Eng Jeremiah, claimed trial to a charge of possession
of not less than 21.25g of diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking, an
offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
2008 Rev Ed) (the “MDA”).

2 At the conclusion of the trial, I found that the charge against the accused
had been proved beyond a reasonable doubt, and convicted him accordingly. The
mandatory sentence of death was passed on the accused.

3 The accused has filed an appeal against conviction and sentence. I now
provide the full reasons for my decision.

The Prosecution’s case

Events leading to the accused’s arrest and the discovery of the drugs

4 On 1 December 2016 at about 2.55pm, Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”)
officers raided Block 21 Chai Chee Road #07-456 (“the Unit”). The accused and
one other man, Oh Yew Lee, were placed under arrest. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”) at p 112, para 5.

5 At about 3.15pm, the accused was escorted to the Unit’s utility room (the
“Utility Room”) by Senior Staff Sergeant Tay Keng Chye, also known as Sunny
(“SSSgt Sunny”), to witness a search. Before the search commenced, SSSgt Sunny
asked the accused if he had anything to surrender. The accused then
volunteered the information that there were two bundles in a cabinet in the
Utility Room. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Notes of Evidence (“NEs”) (18 September 2018) p 18 ln 11–16.

6 Upon searching the cabinet, SSSgt Sunny found and seized, inter alia, two
bundles wrapped in newspaper, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AB at p 128.

later marked as “A1A” and “A1B” by CNB (the “first two bundles”). The first
two bundles each contained one plastic re-sealable bag (marked as “A1A1” and
“A1B1”), which in turn contained one packet of granular/powdery substance each
(marked as “A1A1A” and “A1B1A”). This search ended at about 3.30pm.

7 At 4.45pm, Yogaraj s/o Ragunathan Pillay (“Sgt Yogaraj”) commenced a second
search of the Utility Room in the accused’s presence, and eventually found
three more bundles in a basket in the Utility Room, wrapped in newspaper 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AB at p 110.

(the “further three bundles”). These were later marked “C1A1”, “C1A2” and
“C1A3” by CNB. When SSSgt Sunny asked the accused why he did not surrender the
further three bundles, the accused replied in Hokkien words to the effect that
he wanted to try his luck. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NEs (18 September 2018) p 18, ln 27–30.

The accused was then escorted to CNB’s headquarters. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB at p 112 at para 7.

8 The contents within the five bundles, collectively referred to as “the
drugs”, formed the subject matter of the charge.

The accused’s statements

9 The Prosecution relied on a total of nine statements provided by the accused
in the course of investigations, which it sought to admit pursuant to s 258(1)
of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). The Defence did
not object to their admissibility. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NEs (19 September 2018) p 3, ln 16–18; p 40, ln 7–10; p 41 ln 8–9, ln 19; p
42, ln 2–4.

Three contemporaneous statements from the accused were recorded by Station
Inspector Wong Kah Hung Alwin (“SI Wong”) under s 22 of the CPC at the Unit on
1 December 2016. Thereafter, Investigation Officer Mohammad Imran bin Salim
(“IO Imran”) recorded one statement from the accused under s 23 of the CPC on
2 December 2016 (the “s 23 statement”) and five statements under s 22 of the
CPC from 15 December 2016 to 21 June 2017. I set out the evidence from only
the pertinent statements – two of the three contemporaneous statements, the s
23 statement and the first, second and fourth s 22 statements.

The contemporaneous statements

10 The first contemporaneous statement was recorded in the Utility Room on 1
December 2016 at about 3.46pm, after the seizure of the first two bundles but
before the seizure of the further three bundles (the “first contemporaneous
statement”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB at pp 143–146.

The salient points are as follows:

(a) The accused admitted that the first two bundles belonged to him only, and
that he had purchased them for $8,000 through a transaction with an unknown
Malay male, arranged beforehand by “Ah Tiong”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB at pp 143, 145.

(b) The accused stated that the intended purpose of the first two bundles was
for his own consumption. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB at p 145.

(c) The Unit belonged to the accused’s sister, but he had hidden the drugs in
the Unit instead of his own house as he was wanted by the authorities and his
own house was not safe. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB at p 145.

(d) The accused stated that the other people present in the house during his
arrest – including his sister and Oh Yew Lee – were unaware of the presence of
the drugs and uninvolved with his drug activity. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB at p 144.

11 After seizing the further three bundles, a third contemporaneous statement
was recorded in the Utility Room on 1 December 2016 at 5.35pm 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB at pp 147–149.

(the “third contemporaneous statement”). Here, the accused stated that:

(a) He knew the further three bundles contained heroin. They were for selling
and his own consumption. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB at pp 147–148.

He had not bought a weighing scale, Ziploc bags and straws to repack the drugs
because he had not started to sell them yet. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AB at p 148.

No one else besides him had a share in them. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AB at p 149.

(b) He did not surrender the further three bundles at first because it would
be good for him “if [he] can ‘siam’ (escape)”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AB at p 148.

(c) He had collected all five bundles that morning. While they cost $15,000 in
total, he had paid up $8,000 first upon collection. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AB at p 149.

The s 23 statement

12 The accused, in his s 23 statement, repeated that “these things belong to
me”, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AB at p 169.

referring to the drugs seized.

The s 22 statements

13 In the s 22 statement recorded on 15 December 2016 (the “first s 22
statement”), 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB at pp 170–174.

the accused discussed his acquisition of the five bundles through one “Ah
Chong”, and his relationship with Ah Chong. Though the accused occasionally
refers to one “Ah Tiong” in these statements, this is a reference to Ah Chong,
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AB at p 224, A30.

and I will use the name “Ah Chong” to avoid confusion.

(a) About one week before his arrest, the accused was at the coffee shop at
Blk 21 Chai Chee Road (the “coffee shop”) when the accused met Ah Chong
fortuitously. The accused knew Ah Chong prior to this, as the accused used to
sell the illegal cigarettes which Ah Chong supplied to his former boss. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AB at p 172, para 6.

When the accused approached Ah Chong, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AB at p 171, para 5.

Ah Chong asked the accused if he was willing to work for him. The accused
agreed, and Ah Chong said that he would look for the accused again. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AB at p 172, para 6.

The two men then parted ways.

(b) About two days before his arrest, the accused met Ah Chong, and agreed to
work for Ah Chong as a deliveryman for contraband hoonki, which is Hokkien for
“cigarettes”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AB at p 172, paras 7–8.

The agreement was that Ah Chong would arrange for someone to pass the
cigarettes to the accused, and the accused was to keep them until Ah Chong
arranged for someone else to meet him for collection. Upon collection, the
recipient was to pass more than $500 to the accused as payment for his
services. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AB at p 172, para 8.

(c) The accused also received instructions from Ah Chong regarding the pickup
of the cigarettes, as per their arrangement. Accordingly, one day before his
arrest, the accused met with a Malay man unknown to him (the “Malay man”), who
passed him a black bag and told him that both cigarettes and ubat were inside.
The accused knew that “ubat” was the Malay street name for heroin. The accused
took the black bag from the Malay man, stated that Ah Chong informed him that
he was to receive cigarettes, and queried why there was ubat involved as well.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AB at p 173, para 9.

In response, the Malay man told the accused not to worry, to bring it back
home, and that someone would be collecting the items in the afternoon. Upon
hearing this, the accused “agreed and decided to just go along with the plan
since [he] needed the money”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AB at p 173, para 9.

(d) The accused took the black bag home with him, where he unpacked it. The
accused found two black recycled bags inside the black bag, of different
weights. The heavier black recycled bag was torn, and the accused saw three
packets wrapped in newspaper within. The accused did not open these three
packets; he knew that they contained heroin as they were not shaped like
cigarette packages. The accused placed these three packets in a basket. The
accused looked inside the other black recycled bag, and saw two similar
packets wrapped in newspaper. The accused unwrapped one of the two packets by
tearing the newspaper wrappings, and found pinkish cubes wrapped inside a
layer of plastic within. The accused knew that this was ubat as he had seen
ubat before. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AB at pp 173–174, para 10.

He then placed the two packets in the cupboard.

14 In his second s 22 statement recorded on 17 December 2016 (the “second s 22
statement”), 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AB at pp 175–219.

the accused further explained that:

(a) During the handover of the black bag, when the Malay man told him that it
contained both cigarettes and ubat, the accused was initially angry, and told
the Malay man that if Ah Chong had notified him earlier that he would be
collecting ubat, then he would not mind. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AB at p 175, A3.

(b) About 10 minutes after collecting the black bag, the accused returned to
the coffee shop in search of the Malay man or Ah Chong, to ask them why the
black bag did not contain cigarettes. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AB at p 175, A3.

(c) The accused continued to keep the ubat in the Unit because he had already
taken it, and the Malay man had told him that someone would collect it from
him. After seeing the packets inside the recycled bags, the accused estimated
that the black bag contained a total of about 2kg of ubat. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AB at p 175, A4 and Q5.

(d) Two days before his arrest, as instructed by the Malay man, the accused
went to the coffee shop in the afternoon to wait. The accused was expecting
someone to approach him to let him know to whom he should deliver the black
bag and its contents. However, as no one approached him after some time, the
accused returned to the Unit. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AB at p 176, para 12.

(e) On the day of his arrest, at about 8.00am, the accused went to the coffee
shop to loiter around, hoping that someone will approach him to inform him of
what to do with the contents of the black bag. No one approached him, so the
accused returned to the Unit. At the Unit, the accused consumed some ubat
which he had bought for himself that morning. Soon after he finished smoking
the ubat, the CNB raid occurred. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AB at pp 176–177.

15 In the s 22 statement recorded on 17 April 2017 (the “fourth s 22
statement”), 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AB at pp 225–226.

the accused’s third contemporaneous statement was read back to him. The
accused then stated that he did not pay the Malay man any money for the ubat.
He explained that he had only stated in his third contemporaneous statement
that he paid for the ubat because he was “nervous and worried” after he was
arrested, and “just gave an answer to the officer”. The accused reiterated
that he did not pay the Malay man any money when he collected the black bag.
When asked whether the bundles of ubat were meant for selling or delivery for
Ah Chong, the accused stated that they were “not for selling”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AB at p 224.

Analysis of the drugs

16 After the five bundles were seized from the house, they were sent to the
Health Sciences Authority for analysis. It was found to be five packets
containing a total of not less than 2240.1g of granular/powdery substance
which was analysed and found to contain not less than 21.25g of diamorphine.
38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AB at pp 71–75.

17 There was no dispute as to the integrity and proper custody of all the
exhibits at the material times, and I shall not go into the details here.

DNA analysis

18 The accused’s DNA was found on the following relevant locations: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AB at pp 80–81.

(a) the exterior surface of the re-sealable bag containing drugs (A1A1), in
bundle A1A; 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Exhibit P27.

(b) the interior surface of the re-sealable bag containing drugs (A1B1) in
bundle A1B; 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Exhibit P27.

(c) the two swabs from the packaging within the re-sealable bags, which was in
direct contact with the drugs (A1B1A); 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Exhibit P28.

and

(d) the exterior (Area 1) and interior (Area 2) surfaces of C1A (a black
recyclable bag). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Exhibit P32.

Psychiatric assessment of the accused

19 The accused was examined during his remand period, on 3, 7 and 9 January
2017 by Dr Yeo Chen Kuan Derrick (“Dr Yeo”) of the Institute of Medical Health
(the “IMH”). Dr Yeo prepared an IMH report thereafter. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AB at pp 97–100.

20 The relevance of the IMH report in this case is the accused’s account of
the offence to Dr Yeo. The accused stated that he had obtained the five
bundles from a Malay man on the morning of 1 December 2016. Upon questioning
the Malay man, the Malay man informed the accused that these were packets of
heroin. The accused was reassured that he would still be paid $500, “whether
it was cigarettes or heroin”. The accused said he then accepted the proposal
notwithstanding the change of goods, and returned home to conceal the bundles.
He had planned to wait for instructions from Ah Chong to deliver the bundles.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AB at p 99, paras 8–9.

Close of the Prosecution’s case

21 At the close of the Prosecution’s case, I found that there was sufficient
evidence against the accused and called upon him to give evidence in his own
defence.

The defence

22 The accused was the only witness for the Defence. The essence of the
accused’s evidence-in-chief was that he acted merely as a courier, because the
drugs were meant only for delivery and not re-sale. He sought to establish
this through a revision of several aspects of his statements. I noted that the
potential defence that the drugs were for his own consumption, as raised in
the accused’s first and third contemporaneous statements, was abandoned in the
process.

23 First, the accused testified that the drugs did not belong to him, and that
he had simply received them on Ah Chong’s instruction:

(a) The accused stated that the drugs in fact belonged to Ah Chong, not him.
He had placed the drugs in his sister’s house without her consent. He was
afraid that it would implicate her, which was why he answered in the first
contemporaneous statement and second s 22 statement that the drugs had
belonged to him. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 19 ln 25–32; p 20 ln 1–10.

(b) The accused did not pay $8,000, or any money at all, for the drugs,
contrary to his first and third contemporaneous statement. He did not have the
ability to pay for them. The drugs were passed to him on Ah Chong’s
instruction. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 20 ln 13–23; p 21 ln 23–26; p 23 ln 2–8.

24 Second, in relation to the first two bundles, the accused stated that they
“were to be delivered for Ah Chong”, as per the instructions from Ah Chong; he
had no intention to consume them, contrary to his first contemporaneous
statement. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 20 ln 29 – p 21 ln 9.

25 Third, the accused stated that he neither intended to sell nor consume the
further three bundles of drugs, contrary to his third contemporaneous
statement. Instead, he was “just in charge of delivering goods for Ah Chong”.
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 22 ln 16–18.

He also stated that the true reason why he had not acquired any weighing scale
or bags to pack the drugs in was not because he had not started to sell the
drugs, but because he had no intention to sell them at all. Instead, they were
“meant for delivery”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 22 ln 24–28.

26 Fourth, the accused sought to revise answers in his various s 22 statements
regarding his arrangement with Ah Chong:

(a) The agreement with Ah Chong was for “at least $500” to be paid to the
accused in exchange for delivery of the hoonki. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 25 ln 3–8.

(b) The accused explained that when he said in his second s 22 statement that
he told the Malay man “if Ah Chong had told me earlier that I would be
collecting ubat from him, I don’t mind”, he actually meant that if Ah Chong
had mentioned that the job involved drugs, then he would not have taken the
black bag from the Malay man. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 25 ln 16–26.

This is because he did not want to sell “this kind of white powder any more”.
53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 25 ln 27–28.

(c) The accused stated, in relation to his admission in his second s 22
statement that the drugs belonged to him, that “[t]he fact was that [he] was
working for Ah Chong and delivering goods for him”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 27 ln 13–17.

27 Fifth, the accused stated that he only knew the weight of the five packets
of ubat when they were weighed at CNB’s headquarters, not before that. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 26 ln 2–8

28 Separately, the accused also clarified that the drugs he consumed on 1
December 2016, or at any other time, were never taken from the five bundles.
56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 26 ln 12–15.

29 However, under cross-examination, the accused disputed having any intention
to deliver the five bundles of drugs. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 40 ln 29–31.

The accused offered a variety of explanations as to why he returned to the
coffee shop on the morning of the arrest. These went towards what he intended
to do with the five bundles of drugs upon receiving them:

(a) The accused’s first explanation was that he returned to “get instructions
of the delivery”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 36 ln 4–9.

(b) The accused’s second explanation was that he returned to seek
“clarif[ication]” from Ah Chong or the Malay man on why he had been given
drugs, which was “not things that [he] was supposed to be delivering”. Even
though at the point when the Malay man had passed the black bag to him, the
accused intended to go through with the delivery because he needed the money,
he was then thrown into a “shock” when he noticed that there were “so many
things” in the black bag. He thus wanted to seek an explanation. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 36 ln 13–15, p 37 ln 1–3.

(c) The accused also stated that he returned to the coffee shop so he could
pass the drugs back to Ah Chong or the Malay man and not go through with the
transaction. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 36, ln 15–18.

The law

30 I briefly turn to the applicable law. The relevant provisions in the MDA
constituting the charge read:

Trafficking in controlled drugs

5.—(1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person,
on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not that other
person is in Singapore —

(a) to traffic in a controlled drug;

…

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

31 The Court of Appeal held in Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor
and other matters [2014] 3 SLR 721 (at [59]) that the elements of a charge of
trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA are (a) possession of
a controlled drug; (b) knowledge of the nature of the drug; and (c) proof that
possession of the drug was for the purpose of trafficking which was not
authorised. There was no dispute between the parties as to the law.

Decision on conviction

32 Essentially, the accused definitively admitted to the first two elements of
the offence. The accused was in physical possession of the five bundles, which
were found to contain not less than 21.25g of diamorphine. They were found
under his physical control, where he had hidden them in the Utility Room. I
also accepted that the accused had actual knowledge of the nature of the
drugs. He admitted that he knew the five bundles discovered in the black bag
were heroin, or ubat, after he checked the packages. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 33, ln 1–6.

In any event, possession and knowledge were elements of the offence which were
undisputed in the Defence’s written submissions. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defence’s Submissions (“DS”), at para 7.

33 The only point the accused apparently and belatedly disputed was the
remaining element of the offence, of having an intention to traffic in the
drugs. He did so by claiming under cross-examination that he intended to
return the drugs to Ah Chong. In this regard, I shall go further into the law
regarding this element, analyse the relevant evidence and state my findings.

34 As per s 2 of the MDA, the third element of the offence of drug trafficking
requires that the accused have the purpose to traffic a controlled drug by
selling, giving, administering, transporting, sending, delivering or
distributing it.

35 The intention to traffic can be presumed by relying on the presumption
under s 17 of the MDA. To trigger the said presumption, the Prosecution must
first adduce evidence to prove knowing possession of the threshold quantity of
the drugs stated in s 17 of the MDA (Zainal bin Hamad v Public Prosecutor and
another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 119 at [49]).

36 The Prosecution’s case was that the accused’s consistent intention, from
the time he received the drugs until his arrest, was to deliver the drugs to
whomever Ah Chong directed him to. The intention to traffic in the drugs had
been proven beyond a reasonable doubt, based on the accused’s willing
acceptance and storage of the drugs for a subsequent delivery on Ah Chong’s
behalf. Alternatively, having established both possession and knowledge, the
presumption of trafficking was invoked under s 17 of the MDA, and the burden
was on the accused to rebut the presumption. This, the accused failed to do.
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Prosecution’s Submissions, at paras 39–54.

37 Having considered the evidence, I did not accept the accused’s claim that
he intended to return the drugs to Ah Chong for the following reasons which I
summarise below:

(a) the accused’s claim was inconsistent with the evidence of his intention
and his conduct upon first finding out the black bag contained heroin; and

(b) the accused’s claim was inconsistent with the evidence of his intention
and his conduct upon later discovering that the black bag contained five
bundles of heroin.

38 I shall explain each reason in turn.

Evidence of the accused’s intention and conduct upon first finding out the
black bag contained heroin

39 It was undisputed that at the point of receipt, the accused was willing to
accept the black bag from the Malay man despite being told that it contained
ubat. He did not refuse to do so.

40 The accused’s s 22 statements did not indicate any intention to return the
drugs to anyone. In fact, the accused was not just willing to accept receipt
of the heroin, he also fully intended to carry out the plan to deliver it to
the next recipient. The Malay man had, after all, informed the accused that
the intended recipient would be collecting the contents of the black bag from
the accused that very afternoon. The accused was agreeable to adhere to this
plan as he “needed the money”.

41 In this regard, I noted that the accused had stated in his second s 22
statement that he told the Malay man, “if Ah Chong had told me earlier that I
would be collecting ubat from him, I don’t mind”, thus indicating that he
would not have minded if the delivery job involved drugs instead of contraband
cigarettes. However, the accused claimed in his evidence-in-chief that he had
in fact said “I would not take”, instead of “I don’t mind” to IO Imran, and
that his statement was therefore wrongly recorded. This was put to both IO
Imran and the interpreter, Mr Wong Png Leong (“Mr Wong”), who both disagreed
with the accused’s claim. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NEs (19 September 2018) p 33, ln 1–7; p 49, ln 5.

Mr Wong explained that an interpretation error was “impossible” given the
significant difference in meaning of the words. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NEs (19 September 2019) p 33, ln 4–7.

I was therefore unconvinced by the accused’s argument, and rejected it.

Evidence of the accused’s intention and conduct upon later discovering that
the black bag contained five bundles of heroin

42 The accused’s intention to deliver the drugs did not cease to exist upon
his discovery that he was in possession of five bundles of ubat and no
cigarettes. It is crucial to note that the accused continued to keep the ubat
in his house “as [he] had already took it [sic] and also because the Malay man
had already told [him] that someone will collect it from [him]”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AB at p 175, A4.

This is further bolstered by the fact that the accused had thereafter acted on
the instructions of the Malay man by returning to the coffee shop the same day
he received the drugs, in anticipation of further instructions relating to the
delivery of the drugs. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AB at p 176, para 12.

The accused had waited for about an hour in hope of such instructions. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AB at p 176, para 12.

After this first attempt turned out to be in vain, the accused made a second
attempt the next morning, on the day of his arrest, hoping that someone would
“tell [him] what to do” 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AB at p 176, para 13.

[emphasis added] with the black bag. He was neither seeking an explanation for
the heroin, nor seeking to return it.

43 Further, the accused’s testimony reinforced the notion that he had intended
to deliver the drugs. Contradicting his third contemporaneous statement, the
accused stated that he neither intended to sell nor consume the further three
bundles of drugs, but instead was “just in charge of delivering goods for Ah
Chong” [emphasis added]. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 22 ln 16–18.

He also explained that his lack of any weighing scale or bags was not because
sale of the drugs had not yet commenced, but because the drugs were “meant for
delivery” [emphasis added], 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 22 ln 24–28.

not sale. The accused testified to the same effect regarding the first two
bundles – they “were to be delivered for Ah Chong”, and were not for his
consumption, contrary to his first contemporaneous statement. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 20 ln 29 – p 21 ln 9.

44 The accused’s account of his offence to Dr Yeo is also telling. The accused
had stated that after separating the five bundles of drugs for concealment, he
planned to “wait for instructions to deliver the bundles whenever [Ah Chong]
told him to do so”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

AB at p 99, para 9.

This account was not challenged by the Defence in Dr Yeo’s cross-examination.

45 Running contrary to all this evidence was the claim, raised for the first
time during cross-examination, that the accused intended to return the drugs
to Ah Chong or the Malay man. In my judgment, this defence was evidently an
afterthought. When the accused was given an opportunity in cross-examination
to explain why he had omitted to mention this defence to IO Imran when his s
22 statements were being recorded, the accused explained that he had simply
been too “afraid” to offer it. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 38, ln 24–28.

In my view, this explanation was unsatisfactory, and in fact, the accused
agreed thereafter that there had been nothing to prevent him from raising this
to IO Imran. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 38, ln 29–31.

Even during cross-examination, the accused was inconsistent in raising this
defence. Shortly before mentioning the defence, he said that he had still been
in hope of “get[ting] the instructions of the delivery” when he returned to
the coffee shop on the morning of his arrest. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NEs (21 September 2018) p 36, ln 4–9.

Viewed in totality, the accused’s evidence that he did not intend to deliver
the drugs was implausible.

46 In any event, I noted that in the accused’s closing submissions, there was
no dispute as to his intention to traffic. It was accepted that when the
accused received the black bag, the accused had agreed to go along with the
plan notwithstanding the change in arrangement, as he needed the money.
Further, it was not disputed that upon discovering the five packets of drugs,
the accused still waited for instructions from Ah Chong, as the arrangement
was that someone would collect the drugs from the accused. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DS at paras 6(n), 6(v).

In fact, in the accused’s submissions, it was argued that the accused was
merely a courier, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DS at paras 8–11.

thus implicitly accepting that the accused did have the intention to traffic
in the drugs.

47 By the foregoing, I found that it had been proven beyond a reasonable doubt
that the accused had the intention to traffic in the drugs. Alternatively, the
accused did not successfully rebut the presumption of trafficking under s 17
of the MDA on a balance of probabilities. The charge against the accused had
been established beyond a reasonable doubt. Accordingly, I convicted the
accused of the charge.

Decision on sentence

48 Turning to the decision on sentence, the prescribed punishment under s
33(1) read with the Second Schedule of the MDA is death. However, the
alternative sentencing regime in s 33B(1)(a) of the MDA provides the court
with the discretion to impose a mandatory term of life imprisonment and 15
strokes of the cane where (i) the offender satisfies the court that his acts
fall within s 33B(2)(a)(i)–(iv) of the MDA, and (ii) the Public Prosecutor
certifies that the offender has substantively assisted the CNB in disrupting
drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore under s 33B(2)(b).

49 I found on a balance of probabilities that the accused’s role in the drug
transaction was restricted to that of a courier, and fell within s 33B(2)(a)
of the MDA. His involvement was limited to delivering or conveying the drugs.
While waiting for instructions to do so, he stored the drugs, and did nothing
further to alter or adulterate their form. However, as the Public Prosecutor
did not issue a certificate of substantive assistance, the requirement within
s 33B(2)(b) was not met. As the alternative sentencing regime was not
available, I imposed the mandatory sentence of death on the accused.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge

Tan Wee Hao and Tan Yanying (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Lam Wai Seng (Lam W.S. & Co) and Balakrishnan Chitra (M/s Regency Legal LLP)
for the accused.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

