Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 24

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9224 of 2018/02

Between

| Cai Mei Ying  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Cai Mei Ying

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2019] SGHC 24

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9224 of 2018/02  
Aedit Abdullah J  
1 February 2019

7 February 2019

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 I am grateful for the assistance of all counsel. I have considered the
submissions, the evidence and the judgment of the learned District Judge. I
appreciate in particular the efforts made by Mr Lok Vi Ming SC (“Mr Lok”) on
behalf of the appellant. But taking all of these matters into consideration, I
am satisfied that the appeal against sentence should be dismissed.

2 The charge against the appellant, being under s 338(b) of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) for causing grievous hurt by doing an
act so negligently as to endanger the personal safety of others, was
established on the facts admitted. The facts showed that the appellant was
cycling in a market compound where cycling was not permitted. She approached a
cross-junction at which the victim was walking in a direction at right angles
to her travel. Whilst the appellant managed to see the victim, she was unable
to stop in time, and collided with the victim. The victim, an elderly lady of
about 77 years old, sustained a fracture which required a screw to be fixed. I
think it is quite telling that the collision occurred in front of a “No
Bicycles” sign.

3 I am afraid I do not accept the characterisation of the cases put forward by
the appellant. Instead, I accept that the specific circumstances of this case
merited the imposition of a custodial sentence.

4 I agree with the District Judge that the appellant’s culpability was
moderate, given that she knowingly cycled in a narrow and confined area that
prohibited cycling. This is thus a place where pedestrians are less likely to
be aware of cyclists and where they are entitled to feel safe from harm and
injury from negligent cycling. I agree that the categorisation of the present
case by the District Judge within the second category of Tang Ling Lee v
Public Prosecutor [2018] SGHC 18 as involving greater harm and lower
culpability or lesser harm and higher culpability would be appropriate. But in
any event, I do accept that the harm in this case is at the “greater” rather
than the “lesser” end of the spectrum. The victim’s injuries affected her
mobility and required surgical correction. I also agree with the District
Judge that there was a need for general deterrence, given the recent rise in
bicycle and personal mobility device-related accidents.

5 In the circumstances, I find that the sentence of two weeks’ imprisonment is
not manifestly excessive. I see no reason to depart from the sentence imposed
by the District Judge.

6 I appreciate the efforts of Mr Clarence Ding (“Mr Ding”), who was appointed
as the young amicus curiae in this case to assist with the consideration of a
sentencing framework for offences under s 338(b) of the Penal Code where
grievous hurt is caused by the negligent riding of bicycles and personal
mobility devices (“PMDs”). I do note that it is likely that a sentencing
framework would be needed for cases involving bicycle or PMD accidents on
pavements with pedestrians as victims. But I suspect that such situations
would call for careful consideration of a number of other factors and
sentencing imperatives; it may be best to allow a number of cases to be
brought before the courts before such a framework is established, so that the
relevant considerations can be sieved out through the adversarial process. I
would thus leave it for another day for the framework to be laid down. Mr
Ding’s contributions have not been in vain, and I would suggest that he be
considered again for such a case, subject of course to his availability and
willingness at that time.

7 It remains for me then to also reiterate that shared spaces, whether roads
or pavements, require most of all consideration and courtesy between all
users. I hope that it will not come to pass that we will need a sentencing
framework for pavement collisions, but real life will probably prove
otherwise. I would strongly urge those on bicycles and PMDs to exercise such
due care and consideration; where injuries do arise because of the fault of
the rider, it is likely that the courts will take a stern view and impose
custodial sentences, which may be higher than what has been imposed in this
case.

8 To reiterate, the appeal is dismissed. I will, however, hear from Mr Lok on
when the sentence can be commenced.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Lok Vi Ming SC, Tang Jin Sheng and Walter Yong (LVM Law Chambers LLC) for the
appellant;  
Christina Koh, Tang Shangjun and Sarah Ong (Attorney-General’s Chamber) for
the Prosecution;  
Clarence Ding (Wong & Leow LLC) as young amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

