Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 55

Originating Summons No 1568 of 2018  

Between

| Chuang Long Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Nan Huat Aluminium & Glass Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Building and Construction Law] — [Statutes and regulations] — [Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act] — [Valuation of materials]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chuang Long Engineering Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Nan Huat Aluminium & Glass Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 55

High Court — Originating Summons No 1568 of 2018  
Chan Seng Onn J  
11 February 2019

5 March 2019 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This is an application by the applicant, Chuang Long Engineering Pte Ltd, to
set aside the Adjudication Determination dated 30 November 2018, which was
amended and re-dated 18 December 2018 (“the AD”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Submissions (“ASS”) at para 1.

2 The application turns on the interpretation of s 7(2)(c) of the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SOPA”).
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ASS at para 5.

Having considered the parties’ arguments, I dismiss the application.

Facts

3 The applicant is the main contractor for a project for the “Proposed new
erection of a 2-storey envelope control detached dwelling house with an attic
and a basement” (“the Project”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ASS at para 6; Applicant’s Bundle of Affidavits (“ABA”) (Vol 1) at p 21
(header).

Pursuant to a sub-contract agreement worth $323,282.50 (excluding GST), the
applicant appointed the respondent, Nan Huat Aluminium & Glass Pte Ltd, as the
sub-contractor for the Project (“the Contract”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ABA (Vol 1) at pp 18–19.

4 On 3 September 2018, owing to an alleged breach of completion deadlines and
schedule of the works, the applicant terminated the Contract. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ABA (Vol 1) at pp 51–52.

5 On 24 September 2018, the respondent filed a payment claim for unpaid works,
claiming the sum of $237,421.35. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ABA (Vol 1) at pp 150–152.

On 8 October 2018, the applicant served its payment response. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ABA (Vol 1) at pp 173–209.

6 Dissatisfied with the payment response, the respondent submitted the matter
for adjudication via SOP/AA 385/2018. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ABA (Vol 1) at p 60.

7 The adjudicator, after considering the works completed by the respondent and
deducting the retention sum and previous payments made by the applicant,
determined that $165,683.91 (inclusive of GST) was payable by the applicant to
the respondent (“the Sum”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ABA (Vol 3) at p 1396.

The uninstalled materials

8 In arriving at the Sum, the adjudicator had determined that the respondent
was entitled to $75,651.00, being the value of materials which, while
fabricated by the respondent for the purposes of the Project, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ABA (Vol 3) at p 1368, para 91: “It is not in dispute that the materials
claimed ‘are to form part of any building, structure or works arising from the
construction work’”.

had not been delivered nor installed by the respondent (“the uninstalled
materials”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ABA (Vol 3) at p 1370, para 95; For The Record 11 January 2019 (Chamber 4C) at
10:38 (“FTR 11 Jan”).

The value of the uninstalled materials comprised the sum of $45,831.00 (for
aluminium fins) and $29,820.00 (for cladding). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ABA (Vol 3) at p 1370, para 96.

9 The adjudicator had found that he could include the value of the uninstalled
materials as s 7(2)(c) SOPA entitled him to include, for the purposes of the
valuation exercise, the value of “materials or components that are to form
part of any building, structure or works arising from the construction work …
that … on payment, will become the property of the party for whom the
construction work is being carried out” 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ABA (Vol 3) at p 1369, para 94.

[emphasis added].

10 The applicant then applied to set aside the AD on the ground that the
adjudicator did not have jurisdiction to award the Sum (in particular, the
amount of $75,651.00, being the value of the uninstalled materials) as he had
wrongly applied s 7(2)(c) SOPA in coming to his determination. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ASS at para 18.

The issue

11 Before me, the sole issue is whether the adjudicator had properly
interpreted s 7(2)(c) SOPA.

12 For ease of reference, the material portions of s 7 SOPA are as follows:

Valuation of construction work, goods and services

7.—(1) Construction work carried out, or goods or services supplied, under a
contract are to be valued —

(a) in accordance with the terms of the contract; or

(b) if the contract does not contain such provision, having regard to the
matters specified in subsection (2).

(2) For the purpose of subsection (1)(b), construction work carried out, or
goods or services supplied, under a contract are to be valued —

…

(c) in the case of materials or components that are to form part of any
building, structure or works arising from the construction work, having regard
to the basis that the only materials or components to be included in the
valuation are those that have become or, on payment, will become the property
of the party for whom the construction work is being carried out.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

13 In this case, it was agreed that the contract was silent on how the works
were to be valued, and hence s 7(2) SOPA applied for the valuation exercise.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

FTR (11 Jan) at 10:42:40–10:42:50.

14 As can be seen, s 7(2)(c) SOPA allows the adjudicator to value two types of
materials “that are to form part of any building, structure or works arising
from the construction work”:

(a) first, materials that have become the property of the party for whom the
construction work is being carried out (“the first limb”); or

(b) second, materials that on payment, will become the property of the party
for whom the construction work is being carried out (“the second limb”).

The parties’ arguments

15 Preliminarily, the parties were in agreement that the proper interpretation
of s 7(2)(c) had not been raised before the courts. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ASS at para 5; ABA (Vol 3) at p 1362, para 77.

The Property Passing Test

16 Given the unsettled state of the law, the applicant argued that, under s
7(2)(c) SOPA, the test ought to be whether property to the materials have
passed or will pass to the party for whom the construction work is being
carried out (“the Property Passing Test”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ASS at para 30.

This, the applicant submitted, was supported by the plain reading of the
phrase “those that have become or, on payment, will become the property of the
party for whom the construction work is being carried out” in s 7(2)(c) SOPA.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ASS at para 30.

17 To determine whether the property to the materials have passed or will pass
for the purposes of the Property Passing Test, the applicant urged me to adopt
the common law position as set out in Hudson’s Building and Engineering
Contracts (Nicholas Dennys, Mark Raeside & Robert Clay gen eds) (Sweet and
Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2010) at p 1142, para 8-080: “[t]he well-known rule is that
the property in all materials and fittings, once incorporated in or affixed to
a building, will pass to the freeholder”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ASS at para 31 r/w para 49; Applicant’s Bundle of Authorities Tab 3.

18 Hence, under the applicant’s proposed test, only materials that have been
incorporated or affixed to a building ought to be valued under s 7(2)(c) SOPA.
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ASS at paras 30–31 r/w para 49.

19 The applicant submitted that under their proposed test, the second limb (at
[14(b)] above) would continue to remain relevant in cases when there is a
retention of title clause in the construction contract. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ASS at para 65.

To explain, when the contract includes a retention of title clause, such a
clause may stipulate that full legal ownership in the materials is to remain
with the sub-contractor or supplier until payment is made, notwithstanding
that property may have passed under the common law once the materials had been
affixed to a building. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ASS at para 65.

When such a retention of title clause exists, the words “on payment, will
become the property” in s 7(2)(c) SOPA would entitle the sub-contractor or
supplier to cause the materials that had been affixed (but which remain
unpaid) to be valued during adjudication even though property would not have
passed by virtue of the retention of title clause. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ASS at para 66.

The adjudicator’s test

20 In contrast, the respondent proposed the test adopted by the adjudicator,
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions (“DSS”) at para 45; ABA (Vol 3) at p 1367.

whereby under s 7(2)(c) SOPA, a party may claim for materials under two
scenarios:

(a) first, where the materials or components have become the property of the
party for whom the construction work is carried out; (“Situation A”); or

(b) second, where the material or components have yet to become the property
of the party for whom the construction work is carried out, but will become so
once payment is made. (“Situation B”)

21 Situation A incorporated the common law position of when property passes
(see [17] above). Hence, under Situation A, affixed or incorporated materials
may be the subject of valuation, for they would have become the property of
the main contractor for whom the construction work is carried out.

22 On the other hand, Situation B went beyond the common law affixation test.
Instead, the materials could be subject to valuation even if they have neither
been delivered nor affixed to the building/structure, as long as they were
fabricated for the construction contract. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DSS at para 47.

23 Applying this interpretation of s 7(2)(c) SOPA, the adjudicator concluded
that Situation B applied in relation to the undelivered materials, which were
fabricated to form part of the building/structure in the Contract. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ABA (Vol 3) at p 1368, para 91.

Hence, the respondent was entitled to claim for the undelivered materials. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ABA (Vol 3) at p 1370, para 95.

Section 7(2)(c) SOPA extended beyond affixed or incorporated materials

24 I agree with the respondent’s and adjudicator’s interpretation of s 7(2)(c)
SOPA, and accordingly reject the applicant’s constrained interpretation of the
provision.

Section 7(2)(c) SOPA is not constrained by s 36(4) SOPA

25 In this regard, the applicant submitted that Situation B as proposed by the
respondent (at [20(b)] above) was against Parliamentary intention, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ASS at para 37.

as s 36(4) SOPA provides that “[n]othing in this Act shall, except as provided
in subsection (1), limit or otherwise affect the operation of any other law in
relation to any right, title, interest … or liability of a person arising
under or by virtue of a contract or an agreement.”

26 Thus, in enacting s 7(2)(c) SOPA, Parliament intended simply to incorporate
the existing body of common law whereby property only passes upon affixation
or incorporation of the material. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ASS at paras 34–37.

Since property passes upon payment under Situation B (see “have yet to become
the property … but will become so once payment is made”), Situation B went
beyond the common law, and was therefore against Parliamentary intention for
it would “drastically affect the law in relation to passing of property”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ASS at para 36.

27 I do not agree with the applicant’s contention.

28 First, s 36(4) SOPA must be read in its proper context. Herein, s 36(1)
SOPA prohibits parties from contracting out of the terms in SOPA, such as a
payee’s right to progress payments or adjudication (see Chow Kok Fong,
Security of Payments and Construction Adjudication (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013)
(“Chow”) at para 4.26). Section 36(4) SOPA is then a qualifier to s 36(1)
SOPA, and provides that “except as provided in subsection (1)”, SOPA does not
“limit or otherwise affect the operation of any other law in relation to any
right, title, interest … of a person arising under or by virtue of a contract
or an agreement.”

29 It is therefore immediately apparent that the operation and effect of s
7(2)(c) SOPA is not to be constrained by s 36(4) SOPA. As Chow observed,
reading ss 36(1) and 36(4) SOPA together, “except where a contract provision
excludes, modifies, restricts or in any way prejudices the operation of the
regime, the Singapore SOP Act does not seek to reconfigure, alter or amend the
effect of the terms of the underlying contract” (Chow at para 4.24).

30 Hence, s 36(4) SOPA does not affect the interpretation of other SOPA
provisions, nor does it dictate, as the applicant submits, that they can only
“incorporate the existing body of common law”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ASS at para 36.

Situation B accords with SOPA’s intention of facilitating cash flow for
downstream players in the construction industry

31 More crucially, I find that the respondent’s interpretation of s 7(2)(c)
SOPA better accords with Parliamentary intention. In this regard, the
overriding Parliamentary intention in enacting SOPA is to preserve the right
to payment for works done and goods supplied for all parties in the
construction industry (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (16
November 2004) vol 78 at col 1113 (Cedric Foo Chee Keng, Minister of State for
National Development) 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Applicant’s Bundle of Authorities Tab 1.

(“the Debates”).

32 Hence, it would certainly run counter to the legislative intent to adopt
the applicant’s interpretation of s 7(2)(c) SOPA, whereby materials fabricated
for the construction contract would only be valued when such materials have
been affixed onto the building/structure. This interpretation would place the
sub-contractors and suppliers at the mercy of the main contractor, as the main
contractor could avoid having to make payment for any of such materials simply
by refusing delivery and/or affixation of such materials. Yet, this is
precisely the problem that SOPA sought to mitigate (the Debates at col
1112–1113):

The financial problems affecting some construction firms have in turn affected
sub-contractors and suppliers further downstream along the construction value
chain. They face delays or non-payments for work done or materials supplied …

Progress payments are made periodically throughout the project’s duration.
Parties lower down the value chain usually fund their work in advance and
collect payments thereafter. These downstream players will therefore be
adversely affected if those upstream fail to make prompt payment for work done
or materials supplied. Contractual terms also tend to favour those higher up
the chain. … 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Applicant’s Bundle of Authorities Tab 1.

[emphasis added]

33 As a result, I prefer the respondent’s interpretation of s 7(2)(c) SOPA.
Under their interpretation, Situation B unequivocally allows the sub-
contractor or supplier to be able to receive payment for materials fabricated
for the construction contract, thereby facilitating cash flow and enabling the
construction project to move along. Alternatively, in cases such as the
present whereby the construction contract has been terminated, Situation B
ensures that the sub-contractor or supplier may nonetheless be paid for
fabricated materials which it produced for the project, and which can be
costly and would be of little use to them outside the project. This mitigates
the significant cash flow issues that may flow from non-payment of such
fabricated materials simply due to a (possibly wrongful) termination.

Conclusion

34 In conclusion, I rejected the applicant’s constrained interpretation of s
7(2)(c) SOPA, and find that the adjudicator had correctly interpreted the
provision. Accordingly, I dismiss the application to set aside the AD.

35 For the avoidance of doubt, I stress that my decision does not seek to
amend the common law position as to when property passes. Rather, it merely
interprets the scope of s 7(2)(c) SOPA, and the materials which may be valued
by the adjudicator under the provision. Valuation by the adjudicator under
SOPA is a totally different and separate question from when property in fact
passes under the common law for the undelivered materials purchased and/or
fabricated by the sub-contractor for the project, which remains unpaid by the
main contractor at the time of the adjudicator’s determination.

36 I will hear the parties on costs, if not agreed.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Lim Ker Sheon and Zeng Hanyi (Characterist LLC)  
for the applicant;  
Satinder Pal Singh (Selvam LLC)  
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

