Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In THE COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGCA 32

Criminal Motion No 18 of 2018

Between

Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Criminal Motion]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2019] SGCA 32

Court of Appeal — Criminal Motion No 18 of 2018  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA and Steven Chong JA  
3 May 2019

3 May 2019

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 This is the second application by Mr Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh (“the
Applicant”) for an extension of time to apply to the High Court Judge (“the
Judge”) to reserve questions of law arising out of the decision of the Judge
in Criminal Revision No 3 of 2017 (“CR 3/2017”). The Applicant’s previous
application for an extension of time was dismissed by this court in July 2018.
That decision is reported as Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh v Public Prosecutor
[2018] SGCA 34 (“Salwant Singh EOT”).

Background

2 As we noted in Salwant Singh EOT at [2]–[5], the Applicant is no stranger to
our courts. Since the conclusion of the Applicant’s appeal on his conviction
and sentence for cheating offences in 2003, when he was sentenced to 20 years’
preventive detention, the Applicant has filed 10 other applications in an
attempt to reopen his conviction and sentence, this being his 11th
application. All his previous applications were dismissed. In three reported
decisions, it was expressly stated that the Applicant’s attempts to reopen his
conviction and sentence were an abuse of process: see Salwant Singh s/o Amer
Singh v Public Prosecutor [2005] 1 SLR (R) 632 at [18], Salwant Singh s/o Amer
Singh v Public Prosecutor [2008] SGHC 164 at [14] and Salwant Singh EOT at
[12].

3 The present application is closely related to the Applicant’s 9th and 10th
applications. In his 9th application, the Applicant filed CR 3/2017 on 20
February 2017, seeking to quash his conviction and sentence. That application
was dismissed on the basis that it was an abuse of process.

4 Four months later, the Applicant filed Criminal Motion No 30 of 2017 (“CM
30/2017”), an application for an extension of time to apply to the Judge to
reserve three purported questions of law of public interest for the
determination of this court. On 2 July 2018, we dismissed the application to
extend time. We found that there was no reason to grant an extension of time
because the application for leave had no prospect of success. The questions
which the Applicant sought to refer to this court did not arise in CR 3/2017.
The application was a further attempt to reopen his conviction and sentence
and was a patent abuse of process. Although the question of whether the
Applicant’s conviction and sentence might be reopened was not strictly before
us in the application, we examined the Applicant’s affidavits and submissions,
and confirmed that there was no new and compelling material indicating that
the Applicant’s conviction and/or sentence amounted to a miscarriage of
justice (see Salwant Singh EOT at [10]–[13]).

5 On 30 July 2018, the Applicant filed the present application seeking the
same relief as in CM 30/2017, but relying on three different questions of law.

Preliminary matters

6 On 11 and 17 April 2019, the Applicant wrote two letters to the court where
he sought to:

(a) vacate the hearing and have it re-fixed to a date in July 2019;

(b) inform the court that he would not be submitting his skeletal submissions
by the prescribed time; and

(c) register his reservations about the coram constituted to hear this
application.

7 We declined to re-fix the hearing date and invited him to raise his concerns
at the hearing. Having heard his arguments, we are satisfied that there is no
basis for his requests.

8 The Applicant essentially hinges his requests on two arguments. First, he
argues that he has two other pending applications in the High Court that would
be prejudiced if we determine the present application before the conclusion of
the other two applications. One application involves seeking leave for an
investigation to be made in respect of alleged misconduct of the prosecutors
who conducted his trial in the District Court. The second application involves
an order for review of his detention. We reject this argument because even if
we assume, for the sake of argument, that the three questions of law will have
some bearing on the High Court proceedings (which they, in fact, do not), the
present application cannot possibly prejudice the conduct of the High Court
proceedings: this is merely an application for an extension of time, and not
the substantive hearing on how the questions of law should be answered.

9 The Applicant’s second argument is that the coram for this matter is the
same one that heard CM 30/2017. To the extent that the Applicant is suggesting
that the same coram is foreclosed from hearing a matter closely related to a
previous matter, there is no legal basis for this suggestion. Indeed, if the
Applicant were repeating the exact same allegations in the new matter, that
would itself constitute an abuse of process and it would therefore be entirely
appropriate for the same coram to address such an application. If on the other
hand the Applicant is purporting to bring a different application, then it
would be appropriate for the timely disposal of the matter for the same coram,
who is familiar with the background of the case, to consider the application.
We note that the Applicant’s allegation of bias and prejudice on the part of
this coram in the treatment of CM 30/2017 is also devoid of any basis
whatsoever.

The application for an extension of time

10 In determining whether an extension of time is appropriate, all the
circumstances of the case will be considered, in particular (a) the length of
the delay; (b) the sufficiency of any explanation given in respect of the
delay; and (c) the prospects of the application: see Chew Eng Han v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 935 at [2].

11 Having examined the evidence, we are satisfied that the present application
should fail. Similar to his earlier application for an extension of time (see
Salwant Singh EOT at [10]), there is no prospect of success in the application
for leave to refer questions of law to this court: the questions the Applicant
seeks to refer to this court did not arise in CR 3/2017. The first two
questions relate to s 74(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”). But the Judge did not decide CR 3/2017 on the basis
that the application fell within s 74(1) of the SCJA. In fact, it was
specifically recorded in the minute sheet for that case that an application
under s 74(1) of the SCJA was not being brought. The third question relates to
the level of detail provided by the Judge in the reasons given for the
decision to dismiss CR 3/2017 – a question that is already well-settled.

12 In the circumstances, we dismiss this application.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

The applicant in person;  
Leong Weng Tat and Tan Ben Mathias (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

