Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 252

Tax Appeal No 8 of 2019

Between

BZZ

… Appellant

And

Comptroller of Income Tax

… Respondent

judgment

[Revenue Law] — [Income taxation] — [Capital allowance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BZZ

  

v

  

Comptroller of Income Tax

[2019] SGHC 252

High Court — Tax Appeal No 8 of 2019  
Choo Han Teck J  
19 September 2019; 17 October 2019.

24 October 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant sold a property known as AT to the buyer, BMT, who bought it
in its capacity as trustee of the beneficiary FCOT, a real estate investment
trust. The manager of FCOT is FCAM (“the Manager”). The Manager is a company
that, like the appellant, is 100% owned by a company called FCL.

2 The appeal before me is against the decision of the Income Tax Board of
Review (“the Board”). The Comptroller of Income Tax (“the Comptroller”) levied
a balancing charge of $40,476,347 against the appellant arising from the sale
of the property. This assessment was raised for the Year of Assessment 2010.

3 In the scheme of things, a taxpayer is given capital allowances on his
capital assets to cover capital depreciation. When the capital asset is sold
at a price exceeding the amount of capital allowances not claimed, or what is
called the “tax written-down” value, the Comptroller will recover the
difference from the seller as the “balancing charge”, in this case,
$40,476,347. There is no dispute that if a balancing charge were to be levied
for the sale in this case, $40,476,347 would be the correct amount to be
charged.

4 The appellant disputes the claim by the Comptroller that a balancing charge
was necessary in this case. Its appeal was dismissed by the Board on 16 April
2019 and it now appeals against that decision before this court. It is not
disputed that a balancing charge is deemed income chargeable with tax under s
10(4) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The only
exception is where s 24(1) of the Act applies. Section 24(1) has, very
generally, the effect of nullifying a balancing charge if a sale in question
can be said to be not a true commercial sale in that the seller is under the
control of the buyer or, vice versa, the buyer is under the control of the
seller, or, in the third situation, both buyer and seller are under the
control of a third party. Section 24(1) provides as follows:

24.—(1) This section, except subsection (5), shall have effect in relation to
any sale of any property where the buyer is a body of persons over whom the
seller has control, or the seller is a body of persons over whom the buyer has
control, or both the seller and buyer are bodies of persons and some other
person has control over both of them, and the sale is not one to which section
33 applies.

5 The Comptroller, represented by Ms Quek Hui Ling, submits that s 24(1)
applies only in the situations in which the sale of a property can properly be
regarded “as if it had not taken place”. That is to say, in idiomatic terms,
it is merely a transfer of an asset from the right pocket to the left.

6 Ms Quek reinforces her argument by submitting that although FCL owns the
appellant, who is the seller, as well as the Manager, that does not mean that
FCL is in control of both the seller and the buyer (BMT) because the Manager
and BMT are separate legal entities; one thus has no direct control over the
other; and the fact that FCL also has a 22.2% stake in FCOT is immaterial so
far as control is concerned.

7 Mr Ong Sim Ho, counsel for the appellant, makes a forceful submission to
persuade the court that control must be contemplated in a wider sense, and
that the fact that the Manager and BMT are separate legal entities is not a
sufficient ground to prevent one having control over the other.

8 Mr Ong points out that under MAS requirements, and accounting procedure, the
accounts of FCOT are consolidated with those of FCL. The roles and
responsibilities of the Manager and BMT are set out in the Third Amended and
Restated Trust Deed (“the Trust Deed”). The terms require BMT to exercise its
powers only as directed by the Manager, but it may, “in its absolute
discretion, act without or contrary to a direction of the Manager if it
considers it necessary to do so”, expressly by the Trust Deed, and by law.

9 BMT as trustee is duty-bound to follow the directions of the Manager, but
its duties and obligations to FCOT as the subject of its trust rise above its
duties and obligations to the Manager. Understood in this light, the apparent
control that the Manager has over BMT is not absolute. The question of control
is not about the control between the Manager and BMT, but by FCL over the
appellant and FCOT.

10 Mr Ong made an intriguing argument that a person may assume fiduciary
duties to one and be under the control of another. In the present case,
counsel argues that BMT is bound by fiduciary duties to FCOT, but it is also
under the control of the Manager. Mr Ong further submits that, as in Armitage
v Nurse [1998] Ch 241 (“Armitage v Nurse”) at 253, so long as BMT, as trustee,
retains an irreducible core of its duties, it can be under the control of
another. In this case, the control would have to be exercised by FCL over FCOT
through the Manager and BMT. Although this argument has some merit, it does
not apply because the control envisaged under s 24(1) must refer to the seller
and the buyer. Legally, FCL does not control BMT, the buyer. The fact that FCL
controls FCOT, the beneficiary, is another matter, and that is a crucial break
in the chain of control. I am of the view that Armitage v Nurse does not
assist Mr Ong’s submissions, and was not a case defining the meaning of
control in the context of a s 24(1) situation.

11 In this regard, Mr Ong’s argument works against him; that is to say, the
fact that FCL indirectly controls the beneficiary does not mean that it
controls the trustee buyer, which is a separate legal entity. There is no
basis to lift the corporate veil in the present instance. More importantly,
FCL may own, and therefore, control the Manager 100%, and the manager may
control (by managing) FCOT 100%, but FCL is only a 22.2% owner of FCOT. BMT
thus has core duties in a much more complex situation, some it may not fully
discharge if it is to be constrained to just irreducible core duties.

12 From the facts and the corporate structure of the group, FCL may be in
control of the appellant, but the most that can be said in respect of its
relationship with FCOT is that it has substantial influence over it.
Substantial influence is not control. Influence persuades, but control wields
its dominance as an absolute authority. The corporate structure of all the
entities concerned is designed to keep FCL at a distance from BMT and FCOT
commercially, cosmetically, and legally. To hold that FCL is in control for
the purposes of income tax is contrary to the true relationship of the
entities. The submission by Mr Ong is seductively attractive, but it is not
only contrary to the definition of control in respect of s 24(1) as it should
be understood, namely, that it applies only if the transaction would be as if
there was no sale, it will also give rise to a myriad of exceptions that will
tax the simple and sensible application of this section.

13 For the reasons above, this appeal is dismissed. I will hear arguments on
costs at a later date if parties are unable to agree on costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Ong Sim Ho, Keith Brendan Lam Xun-Yu and Emma Gan Xin Ci (Drew & Napier LLC)
for the appellant;  
Quek Hui Ling, Pang Mei Yu and Desiree Sim Wei Yen (Inland Revenue Authority
of Singapore, Law Division) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

