Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGCA 53

Civil Appeal No 61 of 2019

Between

Leong Sze Hian  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Lee Hsien Loong  
---  
  
… Respondent

Ex Tempore judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Striking out]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Leong Sze Hian

  

v

  

Lee Hsien Loong

[2019] SGCA 53

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 61 of 2019  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Judith Prakash JA  
27 September 2019

27 September 2019

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This is an appeal against an order of the judge striking out the
counterclaim brought by the appellant which was framed in terms that the
respondent’s action was an abuse of the process.

2 We begin with a brief recitation of the salient facts. The appellant posted
a link to an article that was apparently published on a Malaysian site,
suggesting that the ongoing Malaysian investigations concerning the 1Malaysia
Development Berhad fund extended to looking into allegedly “secret deals
between the two corrupted Prime Ministers of Singapore and Malaysia”. The
article referenced, among other things, “several unfair agreements” that Mr
Najib Razak had entered into with the respondent including the agreement to
build the Singapore-Malaysia High-Speed Rail. The respondent brought suit
against the appellant for defamation. The appellant intends to defend the
claim. Among other things, he does not concede the falsity of the article, and
even if the article were shown at trial to be false, he contends that he would
in any case be entitled to raise as a defence the argument that the action was
brought as an abuse of process. In the court below, the appellant filed a
counterclaim premised on the tort of abuse of process as the relevant cause of
action. In other words, he was seeking to rely on the alleged abuse of process
not only as a defence to the claim but also as the basis for a counterclaim.
The respondent applied to strike out the appellant’s counterclaim, while the
appellant applied to strike out the respondent’s defamation claim on various
grounds including that it was an abuse of process. The judge struck out the
appellant’s counterclaim while dismissing his application to strike out the
respondent’s claim.

3 We say nothing about the appellant’s defences to the claim because these are
not before us. What is before us is the appellant’s contention that aside from
raising his defences, he is also entitled to sue the respondent and mount a
cause of action in abuse of process. As a preliminary point, we observe that
no case has been cited to us, by the appellant’s counsel Mr Lim Tean, even in
jurisdictions that recognise the tort of abuse of process, where such a claim
has been recognised. While this is not determinative, it seems to us
improbable that one could make a potentially defamatory publication and then
mount a viable claim against a party at the receiving end of that publication
for attempting to act to protect his interests.

4 Mr Lim argued that this would not be surprising if the respondent, who is
the Prime Minister, was acting in his public capacity and, in his words, using
the “machinery of the state” to silence his critics. Before we deal with this
point, it is necessary to unpack that submission a little. This was an action
brought by the respondent evidently in his own capacity and using his own
solicitors. On the face of it, as we observed to Mr Lim, the only organ of
state that was involved in these proceedings is the judiciary, and Mr Lim
clarified, correctly, that he was not at all referring to the courts. Instead,
he pointed to statements by the Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA)
and other agencies, but as we observed to Mr Lim, whatever their actions might
be, those have nothing to do with this suit.

5 Mr Lim submitted that the real motivation of the respondent was to silence a
critic of the government. We think it is important to view the facts in their
proper setting. A plaintiff in a defamation action is entitled to seek the aid
of the court in an effort to vindicate his interests if he considers that he
has been at the receiving end of a defamatory publication. The courts do not
limit the rights of injured parties to access the courts, even if they happen
to be public figures.

6 In the final analysis, however, the biggest and, in our judgment,
insuperable obstacle that the appellant faces is that his claim is foreclosed
by the recent decision of the Court of Appeal in Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301 [2018] 2 SLR 866 (“Lee Tat
Development”). In a judgment that was fully and carefully reasoned and
reflected the unanimous views of a five-judge panel of the Court of Appeal, it
was held that the tort of abuse of process is not a recognised tort under the
law of Singapore. Mr Lim accepted that this is the law of Singapore but he
submitted that we should carve out an exception in favour of the claim that
the appellant wishes to pursue. We do not accept that any such carve-out is
warranted.

7 Lee Tat Development was based on a consideration of a number of key policy
considerations. Every defendant in litigation faces the prospect that at the
end of the proceedings, if he prevails, the vindication of victory may not be
sufficient to address all the inconvenience, stress, pain and other suffering
that he might have endured. The common law has historically dealt with this by
allowing for costs awards. A successful party in litigation will be able to
recover an award of costs and as Mr Lim accepted, the court has a wide
discretion in fashioning an appropriate award of costs. In Lee Tat
Development, the court was invited implicitly, if not explicitly, to go beyond
this mechanism and to allow a party to bring an action seeking damages where
it can show that the claim it had been faced with was an abuse of process. The
Court of Appeal declined to do so and it held in no uncertain terms that the
tort of abuse of process is not part of the law of Singapore. Among the
reasons for this, the court highlighted these factors. First, recognising the
existence of the tort of abuse of process would undermine the principle of
finality and encourage unnecessary satellite litigation and, in this way,
prolong disputes. Second, it would open the floodgates to a variety of claims,
including for the allegedly abusive commencement of civil proceedings. Third,
this in turn could deter genuine litigants with potentially valid claims from
pursuing their remedies for fear of being sued. Fourth, the existing rules of
civil procedure already provide adequate means for dealing with abuses of our
process. In our judgment, these reasons remain valid, and we are satisfied
that there is no reason or basis for departing from Lee Tat Development.

8 In the circumstances, we dismiss the appeal.

9 The appellant shall pay the respondent costs fixed at $20,000, inclusive of
disbursements. We also make the usual order for the payment out of security.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Lim Tean (Carson Law Chambers) for the appellant;  
Davinder Singh s/o Amar Singh SC, Lin Xianyang Timothy,  
Fong Cheng Yee, David, Darveenia Rajula Rajah and  
Shannon Valencia Peh (Davinder Singh Chambers LLC)  
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

