Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 156

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9242 of 2018/01

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Tan Seo Whatt Albert  
---|---  
  
Magistrate’s Appeal No 9242 of 2018/02

Between

| Tan Seo Whatt Albert  
---|---  
  
And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory Offences] — [Securities and Futures Act] —
[Offering securities without a prospectus]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Securities and Futures
Act] — [Offering securities without a prospectus]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Tan Seo Whatt Albert and another appeal

[2019] SGHC 156

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal Nos 9242 of 2018/01 and 9242 of 2018/02  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
11 January; 22 March; 1 April 2019

28 June 2019 Judgment reserved.

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 These are cross-appeals against the sentence imposed on Tan Seo Whatt Albert
(“the Accused”), a manager of Gold Insignia LLP (“Gold Insignia”), after he
pleaded guilty to 20 charges of consenting to Gold Insignia offering
securities to various investors without the offers being made in or
accompanied by a prospectus or profile statement. These are offences under s
331(3A) read with s 240(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289, 2006
Rev Ed) (the “SFA”), and punishable under s 240(7) of the SFA. The Accused was
sentenced to a total fine of $600,000. He has paid the fines imposed.

2 Arising from the scheme by Gold Insignia, four offenders, including the
Accused, have been prosecuted for offences under these provisions. According
to the Prosecution, this is the first time these provisions have been invoked
before the court. As a guide for sentencing in future cases, the Prosecution
proposed certain factors to be considered in sentencing. The Prosecution
argued that the custodial threshold had been crossed, and that a global
imprisonment term of 12 to 16 weeks would be appropriate. Defence Counsel
argued to the contrary, and contended that the fines imposed were manifestly
excessive.

3 Having regard to the parties’ written and oral submissions, this is my
decision.

Facts

4 The facts are as stated in the Statement of Facts (the “SOF”), admitted to
by the Accused and reproduced in entirety at [6] of the District Judge’s
grounds of decision in Public Prosecutor v Tan Seo Whatt Albert [2018] SGDC
247 (the “GD”). I summarise them here.

Offences of offering securities without prospectus committed by Gold Insignia

5 Gold Insignia was a limited liability partnership which offered debentures,
being a form of securities, without a prospectus to the investing public. The
debentures were structured as “memberships”. In the course of its business,
there were three versions of the memberships, with the following key terms:

(a) On purchase of a membership, an investor received a physical gold bar,
worth about 70% of the membership fees. The gold bar remained the property of
Gold Insignia, but the investor was to hold it on trust for Gold Insignia as
collateral to secure his paid-up membership fees and the fixed pay-outs from
Gold Insignia.

(b) The investor was to be given fixed pay-outs. The pay-out was fixed at 4.5%
per quarter (18% per annum) under the first two versions of the membership,
and 6% on a bi-annual basis (12% per annum) for the third version of the
membership.

(c) Each investor could terminate his membership by giving one month’s notice
after a fixed non-terminable period. Upon termination, each investor was to
return the gold bar to Gold Insignia, and the investor was entitled to a full
refund of the original membership fee, or the prevailing market value of the
membership, whichever was higher.

(d) If investors received a call-back notice from Gold Insignia, investors had
two options – return the gold collateral to Gold Insignia and receive the
prevailing market value of his membership, or sell the gold collateral to a
third party.

6 In other words, of the funds obtained from the investors, around 70% of the
funds were held by the investors in the form of gold bar collaterals. As for
the remaining 30% of the funds, around $200,000 was invested by Gold
Insignia’s management committee, with the returns from the investments
belonging to the partners of Gold Insignia. All the other monies were held by
third party discretionary fund managers and brokerage firms for investment,
without any input from Gold Insignia. The returns from these investments
covered part of the operational costs of Gold Insignia, including the fixed
pay-outs to the investors.

7 There were about 135 independent sales consultants who marketed and sold
Gold Insignia’s memberships. These sales consultants were paid a commission
for every month a client, to whom they sold a membership, stayed in the
programme. The commission was 1.3% of the price of the membership per client
per month.

8 Between June 2010 and November 2011, Gold Insignia sold a total of 853
memberships to 547 investors. The memberships were sold for prices between
$5,000 to $1,000,000. During this period, $29,970,000 was raised by Gold
Insignia from the sales of the memberships.

9 Each time Gold Insignia offered its membership to an investor without an
accompanying prospectus or profile statement that complied with the
requirements prescribed under s 240(4A) and s 243 of the SFA, it contravened s
240(1) SFA, punishable under s 240(7) of the SFA.

The role of the Accused

10 The business concept of Gold Insignia was conceived of by the Accused.
Although he was not registered as a partner of Gold Insignia, he was the
senior-most member of the management team of Gold Insignia, and had the final
say in its management. In 2010, the Accused was a consultant and advisor to
Gold Insignia, and was responsible for advising Gold Insignia on investing the
moneys raised from the sales of the memberships. From February 2011 onwards,
the Accused was the acting CEO of Gold Insignia. He was also the head of Gold
Insignia’s in-house trading team, after it was set up in January 2011. He was
paid a monthly salary of $20,000 from October 2010 to August 2011, and a
“Partial Consultant fees” of a total of $211,000 in 2011.

11 The Accused was also experienced in the financial industry, and was the
sole proprietor of an entity known as Private Capital Fund Management (“PCFM”)
which was in the business of fund management. PCFM was an exempt fund manager
lodged with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) from 2005, and was
permitted to conduct fund management for up to 30 sophisticated investors.

The roles of the other accused persons

12 Along with the Accused, three other persons were involved in the management
of Gold Insignia, being Jacinta Ong Pei Yuen (“Jacinta”), Yeo Qianhui Serene
(“Serene”) and Wu Shiqiang, alias Ray (“Ray”). They were also charged for
their roles in Gold Insignia’s scheme.

13 Jacinta was one of two registered partners of Gold Insignia from 23 June
2010. After the Accused, Jacinta was the next-most senior figure in the Gold
Insignia management team. Jacinta was deregistered as a partner sometime in
July 2011 (backdated to January 2011). However, Jacinta remained on the
management team of Gold Insignia, and was involved in its decision-making.

14 Serene was the second registered partner of Gold Insignia. In actual fact,
she was a salaried employee, earning about $3,000 per month. She took
instructions from the Accused, and was assigned administrative and operational
tasks.

15 Ray joined Gold Insignia sometime in end-2010. He was the business
marketing manager of Gold Insignia. From July 2011, Ray was also added to the
management team of Gold Insignia. He was paid a salary of about $3,000 per
month.

The proceeded charges

16 The charges against the Accused related to the offences committed by Gold
Insignia with the consent of the Accused, as a manager of Gold Insignia at the
material time. They involved a total of 12 investors and $585,000 invested, as
follows:

No.| DAC No.| Date| Investor| Amount invested  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| 901081-2017| 15/02/2011| Khoo Lee Yak| $50,000  
2| 901156-2017| 7/10/2010| Ng Wai Guek| $20,000  
3| 901157-2017| 28/03/2011| $20,000  
4| 901158-2017| 30/12/2010| Chan Noi Eng| $100,000  
5| 901159-2017| 13/04/2011| $100,000  
6| 901160-2017| 15/07/2011| Lim Cheng Hon Yvette| $50,000  
7| 901161-2017| 30/03/2011| Aw Choi Yin| $20,000  
8| 901162-2017| 30/03/2011| Tan Lee See| $10,000  
9| 901163-2017| 30/05/2011| $10,000  
10| 901164-2017| 16/09/2010| Leck Yam Keng| $20,000  
11| 901167-2017| 26/04/2011| Lee Bee Geok| $20,000  
12| 901168-2017| 21/04/2011| Heng Sai Boh| $20,000  
13| 901169-2017| 29/07/2011| $20,000  
14| 901170-2017| 25/02/2011| Vasuhi D/O Ramasamypillai| $20,000  
15| 901171-2017| 31/05/2011| $50,000  
16| 901172-2017| 20/09/2010| Cher Jia Sheng| $5,000  
17| 901173-2017| 30/10/2010| $10,000  
18| 901174-2017| 23/02/2011| $10,000  
19| 901175-2017| 20/09/2010| Lau Chiew Nah| $20,000  
20| 901176-2017| 12/05/2011| $10,000  
  
Charges taken into consideration

17 In addition to the 20 proceeded charges, there were 49 similar charges
taken into consideration. These 49 charges involved offering Gold Insignia
memberships to 25 different investors, but the sums involved are not stated in
the charges or the SOF.

Additional facts raised in mitigation

18 For completeness, there were several facts which were raised in the
Accused’s mitigation plea as follows:

(a) Gold Insignia had made verbal enquiries with several authorities, namely
the MAS, International Enterprise Singapore, the Accounting and Corporate
Regulatory Authority and the Singapore Police Force about the running of Gold
Insignia’s business. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Proceedings (“ROP”), at p 427.

Exhibits of follow-up emails of these enquiries showed that the authorities
gave confirmations to the effect that limited liability partnerships could run
membership programmes. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROP, at p 468–470.

(b) The Gold Insignia membership application form had included the applicable
terms and conditions. One example is cl 7.1 which states that “members are
subjected to a potential financial loss risk of 50% to 65% should Gold
Insignia be unable to fulfil [its] obligations”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP, at p 443–445, 455–466.

(c) The Accused allegedly took steps to “mitigate the effects of” his offence,
by sending out advisory letters to Gold Insignia members to keep them
informed, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROP, at p 435–437.

appealing to the Commercial Affairs Department to use confiscated funds to
refund the membership fee to new members who had their gold bars seized, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROP, at p 560.

and scheduling a “redemption exercise” for some members. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP, at p 563.

The District Judge’s decision

19 While the District Judge agreed that there were several aggravating factors
at play in the present case, she held that the custodial threshold was not
crossed (GD at [16]).

20 On the level of harm, the District Judge held that the level of harm was
high, as the investing public was exposed to serious financial risk due to the
Gold Insignia investment being “highly speculative, extremely risky and
unsustainable”. Facts such as how promised returns were to be generated and
the risks involved should have been disclosed in the prospectus. As a result,
“[h]undreds of investors risked losing millions of dollars”, and Gold Insignia
“sold 853 memberships to 547 investors and raised almost $30 million” (GD at
[20]).

21 On the Accused’s culpability, the District Judge held that it was
insufficient to surmount the custodial threshold (GD at [26]). The District
Judge found that “the offence under s 240 SFA does not require proof of mens
rea”, but that the Accused’s state of mind would be “highly relevant” to
sentencing. The consideration which weighed on her mind (GD at [25(c)]) was
that the offence “was not committed knowingly, even if the [Accused] may be
described as reckless in doing so” [emphasis added]. In a similar vein, the
District Judge had found that the Accused “may be said to be negligent or
even… reckless” (GD at [25(b)]) [emphasis added]. Another description of the
Accused’s culpability was “gross recklessness” [emphasis added]; given his
“experience in the industry”, he should have known that a prospectus had to be
issued with the membership offer (GD at [23]).

22 The District Judge “accept[ed] that the product sold by Gold Insignia
involving the use of a gold bar, was a novel one”, as “[s]uch a membership had
never been offered in the industry before”. Hence, weight was given to the
fact that the present case was “not a situation whereby the [Accused] could
instinctively identify the membership programme … as “securities” under the
SFA” and yet fail to issue a prospectus alongside it (GD at [25(a)]).
Recognition was also given (GD at [25(b)]) to the Accused having taken steps
to seek clarification from the authorities on whether all the rules and
regulations had been satisfied in the offering of Gold Insignia’s membership,
a point he had raised in mitigation (see above at [18(a)]).

23 It was further held that the Accused’s state of mind “must be distinguished
from an offender who knowingly and deliberately offers securities without a
prospectus” (GD at [26]). There was “no ill-intent” on the part of the Accused
in offering the Gold Insignia membership programme without a prospectus, and
he was “not motivated by any fraudulent or dishonest intention”. The District
Judge found that this was “clearly not a situation where the [Accused] had the
intention to offer [securities] and had deliberately omitted [issuing] a
prospectus so that he may conceal the high risk involved from the potential
investors”.

24 Regarding the applicable mitigating factors, the District Judge had regard
to the following:

(a) the Accused pleaded guilty. While the charges were “neither seen as
difficult for the Prosecution to prove nor one on which a substantial defence
may be mounted”, “some credit” was still given to the Accused’s plea of guilt.

(b) the Accused extended full co-operation to the investigative authorities.
The Accused cooperated during the six-year investigation period by
surrendering documents, gold bars and monies, thus demonstrating “a measure of
remorse and a degree of sincerity to rectify an unintended wrongdoing”.

25 One more aspect which the District Judge addressed was whether the effects
of the lack of prospectus were mitigated. In this regard, the lower court
considered that Gold Insignia did not “substantially me[e]t” the requirements
of a prospectus through the information contained in the membership
application forms, as the disclosed information still “[lacked] crucial
details” (GD at [32]). The District Judge also considered that “the steps
taken by Gold Insignia or the Accused to rectify the situation … to be at
best, neutral” (GD at [33]).

26 Taking into account the harm and culpability, and giving weight to his plea
of guilt, his cooperation in the investigations and his clean record, the
District Judge imposed a fine of $30,000 (in default 3 weeks’ imprisonment) on
each of the 20 charges. The global fine was $600,000 (in default 60 weeks’
imprisonment). The fine was to be paid in instalments of $100,000 over 6
months.

27 I should add that the District Judge also noted the sentences imposed on
the three other accused persons, who pleaded guilty to similar charges, which
differed in terms of the limb of s 331(3A) SFA proceeded on. In fact, Jacinta
appeared before the District Judge at the same time as the Accused, and had
pleaded guilty to charges under the “connivance” limb (GD at [42]). The
charges against Serene were also under the “connivance” limb, while the
charges against Ray were under the “neglect” limb. The following fines were
imposed on them:

Name| Number of charges| Fine imposed  
---|---|---  
Ray| Proceeded: 3TIC: 8| $10,000 (i/d 1 week) per chargeTotal: $30,000 (i/d 3
weeks)  
Serene| Proceeded: 3TIC: 66| $15,000 (i/d 3 weeks) per chargeTotal: $45,000
(i/d 9 weeks)  
Jacinta| Proceeded: 3TIC: 66| $20,000 (i/d 4 weeks) per chargeTotal: $60,000
(i/d 12 weeks)  
  
The parties’ cases on appeal

28 In brief, these are the parties’ cases on appeal, which I flesh out in
further detail as required below. The Prosecution’s case was that the sentence
was wrong in principle, and also that the District Judge had erred in weighing
the various factors resulting in a sentence which was manifestly inadequate. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Prosecution’s Petition of Appeal, at para 5.

Given the lack of sentencing precedents, the Prosecution proposed several
sentencing factors for consideration. Based on these factors, the Prosecution
argued that the custodial threshold had been crossed, with 12 to 16 weeks
being an appropriate global custodial term.

29 The Accused argued that the District Judge had erred in several factual
findings pertaining to the nature of the Gold Insignia scheme, and that the
District Judge had erred in weighing the various factors. As a result, the
sentence meted out was manifestly excessive. The Accused submitted for the
fines imposed to be “reduced appropriately”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Accused’s Written Submissions (31 December 2018), at para 29.

The role of the appellate court

30 It is well-established that an appellate court will be slow to disturb a
sentence imposed except where it is satisfied that (a) the trial judge erred
with respect to the proper factual basis for sentencing; (b) the trial judge
failed to appreciate the materials placed before the court; (c) the sentence
was wrong in principle; or (d) the sentence was manifestly excessive or
manifestly inadequate: Public Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 at [12].

The applicable law

31 I begin with an analysis with the applicable law. I find it critical to
clarify the elements of the offence in question, as there appears to be some
confusion on the part of the District Judge, the Prosecution and the Defence
whether there is a mens rea requirement, and what the requirement is.

32 The charges in question are under s 331(3A) read with s 240(1) punishable
under s 240(7) of the SFA. Section 240(1) requires an offer of securities to
be made in or accompanied by a prospectus:

Requirement for prospectus and profile statement, where relevant

240.—(1) No person shall make an offer of securities or securities-based
derivatives contracts unless the offer —

(a) is made in or accompanied by a prospectus in respect of the offer —

(i) that is prepared in accordance with section 243;

(ii) a copy of which, being one that has been signed in accordance with
subsection (4A), is lodged with the Authority; and

(iii) that is registered by the Authority; and

(b) complies with such requirements as may be prescribed by the Authority.

…

33 Section 239(1) SFA defines the term “securities” to include “debentures”.
Further, while the case of Levy v Abercorris Slate and Slab Company (1887) Ch
D 260, at 264, was cited in the SOF for the definition of “debentures”, s
239(3) SFA in fact contains a deeming provision to the same effect:

(3) For the purposes of this Division —

…

(b) any document that is issued or intended or required to be issued by an
entity acknowledging or evidencing or constituting an acknowledgment of the
indebtedness of the entity in respect of any money that is or may be deposited
with or lent to the entity in response to such an invitation shall be deemed
to be a debenture.

34 Where the contravention of s 240(1) is committed by a limited liability
partnership (which I shall refer to as the “primary offence”), s 331(3A)
imposes criminal liability on the individual partner or manager of the
offending limited liability partnership as follows:

Corporate offenders and unincorporated associations

331. …

(3A) Where an offence under this Act committed by a limited liability
partnership is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance
of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, a partner or manager
of the limited liability partnership, the partner or manager (as the case may
be) as well as the partnership shall be guilty of that offence and shall be
liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

[emphasis added]

35 It is clear from s 331(3A) that there are three alternate limbs under which
liability of a partner or manager – which I refer to as “secondary liability”
– is established, being consent, connivance or negligence. In this regard, I
find helpful guidance in Abdul Ghani bin Tahir v Public Prosecutor [2017] 4
SLR 1153 (“Abdul Ghani”), where the court discussed the meaning of these three
limbs in the context of s 59(1) of the Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other
Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CDSA”).

36 In Abdul Ghani, the accused, a non-executive director of the relevant
company, was convicted of charges for the company’s transfer of stolen moneys
being attributable to his neglect as an officer of the company under s
47(1)(b) punishable under s 47(6)(a) read with s 59(1)(b) of the CDSA.
However, the court’s judgment contained dicta relevant to the present case:

However, it must be emphasised that in relation to a secondary offender, s
59(1) of the CDSA contemplates three distinct mens rea, ie, “consent”,
“connivance” as well as “neglect”. While the difference in culpability between
“neglect” and “consent or connivance” is obvious, there is also a fine
difference in culpability between “consent” and “connivance” under English law
– consent requires more explicit an agreement for the illegal conduct to take
place. In Huckerby v Elliot [1970] 1 All ER 189, … Ashworth J noted that a
fellow director of the company had pleaded guilty to a charge under the
“consent” limb. In this connection, he expressed his approval for the
following remarks which had featured in the magistrate’s judgment from whose
decision the appeal arose (at 194):

It would seem that where a director consents to the commission of an offence
by his company, he is well aware of what is going on and agrees to it … Where
he connives at the offence committed by the company he is equally well aware
of what is going on but his agreement is tacit, not actively encouraging what
happens but letting it continue and saying nothing about it.

In Attorney-General’s Reference (No 1 of 1995) [1996] 1 WLR 970, … Lord Taylor
of Gosforth CJ concluded that [to prove “consent”,] a director must be shown
to have known the material facts that constituted the offence by the body
corporate and to have agreed to its conduct of the business on the basis of
those facts (at 981). Subsequently, Lord Hope in [R v Chargot Ltd (trading as
Contract Services) and others [2009] 1 WLR 1] … endorsed this test, adding
that consent can be established by either inference or proof of an express
agreement (at [34]).

It is clear from the above that the English cases distinguish between
“consent” and “connivance”. However, since this matter does not arise for
conclusive determination before me, I shall leave the position in Singapore
open until a further court gets the opportunity to examine the precise
difference between these two mens rea requirements.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

37 I turn to consider Attorney General’s Reference (No. 1 of 1995) [1996] 1
WLR 970 (“Attorney General’s Reference (No. 1 of 1995)”) in further detail, as
it contains an exposition on the constituent requirement of “consent”. In that
case, against the context of two directors jointly charged for consenting to
their company taking deposits in the course of the company’s business without
due licence from the Bank of England, the Attorney-General sought the opinion
of the court on, inter alia¸ what mens rea was required to be proved to show
“consent”. In so doing, the Attorney-General framed its proposal for the
requisite mens rea in the following terms (at 975):

(i) It is necessary for the prosecution to prove: (1) that the company
accepted a deposit in the course of carrying on a deposit-taking business and
that the company was at that time in fact not authorised by the Bank of
England to take deposits; (2) that the defendant was at that time a director
of the company; (3) that the defendant knew that (a) the company accepted the
deposit, and he consented to it doing so (b) in the course of carrying on a
deposit-taking business (c) and the company had no authority from the Bank of
England to take [deposits]. (ii) It is sufficient for proof of knowle[d]ge of
lack of authority that the defendant …, if asked the question, 'Has your
company got the authority of the Bank of England,' to be able to say
truthfully, 'No.' … The fact that the reason why the company had never applied
for and thus never been granted such authority was that the director did not
know the law impos[ed] the requirement does not in any way alter the matter of
fact that his state of mind was that of knowing quite well that the company
had no authority.

[emphasis added]

38 The court agreed with the Attorney-General, being “satisfied that the
correct approach is that suggested on behalf of the Attorney-General”, and
held as follows (at 980):

A director who knows that acts which can only be performed by the company if
it is licensed by the bank, are being performed when in fact no licence exists
and who consents to that performance is guilty of the offence charged. The
fact that he does not know it is an offence to perform them without a licence,
i.e., ignorance of the law, is no defence.

[emphasis added]

In other words, the court accepted in no uncertain terms that ignorance of the
need for a licence was irrelevant. Such a requirement for knowledge of a need
for a licence is tantamount to undermining the principle of ignorantia juris
non excusat (ignorance of the law excuses not).

39 In light of the above, I gratefully adopt the approach in Abdul Ghani in
relation to the requirements of “consent” to the present offence, which does
not require that the individual has knowledge of the legal requirements giving
rise to the primary offence. Hence, where “consent” is relied on to establish
secondary liability, the offender must be shown to have known the material
facts that constituted the offence by the limited liability partnership and to
have agreed to its conduct of the business on the basis of those facts.
Further, in my judgment, it is only right not to require the offender to know
of the legal requirement that the limited liability partnership failed to
comply with.

40 In fact, it is for this reason that the Accused’s guilty plea in the lower
court can be considered validly taken in the first place. If the Accused’s
“consent” in fact requires him to know that the offering of Gold Insignia’s
memberships required a prospectus, then his plea would have been qualified by
his maintaining in mitigation that he was “under a bona fide impression that
the [memberships] did not require a prospectus”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP, at p 435, para 42.

Such an issue does not in fact arise; the Accused’s defence counsel in the
lower court made it clear that he had no intention to qualify the plea, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP, at p 283, ln 13.

and more importantly, the Accused’s claim to ignorance is irrelevant to the
elements of the charge.

41 Putting the “consent” limb aside, I am inclined to agree that a person who
connives must be found to have been equally aware of the material facts of the
underlying offence. In this regard, I wish to highlight that while Abdul Ghani
frames consent and connivance as separate kinds of mental states (as the court
counted consent, connivance and neglect as “three distinct mens rea” [emphasis
added in bold italics]), it seems to me that the correct approach is to
consider “consent or connivance” as one class of mens rea together,
considering that they both appear to entail the same degree of knowledge. The
interpretation of “consent” and “connivance” as being descriptors of similar
mental states is also supported by the particular mode of expression in s
331(3A), grouping consent or connivance, on the one hand, and neglect, on the
other. They seem to differ only in the form the agreement takes – explicit
agreement in the former, and tacit agreement in the latter ie, the actus reus
of the offence. Nonetheless, for present purposes, the issue of the precise
distinction between “consent” and “connivance” is not a matter argued before
me, and I shall not deal specifically with this.

42 Based on the foregoing, to prove the present offence against a partner or
manager of a limited liability partnership and establish his secondary
liability, the following elements must be established:

(a) The primary offence of offering securities without a prospectus is
committed by a limited liability partnership.

(b) In the commission of the primary offence, there is either consent or
connivance, or neglect on the part of the partner or manager. As stated
immediately above at [41], I am of the view that there are two states of mens
rea within the offence. Specifically, to prove “consent”, the offender must be
shown to have known the material facts that constituted the offence by the
limited liability partnership and agreed to its conduct of the business on the
basis of those facts. In the context of the present kind of secondary
liability, adopting the language of Attorney General’s Reference (No. 1 of
1995), this is a partner or manager who has knowledge that the relevant
security is being offered by the limited liability partnership without the
required prospectus, and who consents to that conduct.

(c) The acts or omissions of the partner or manager in the commission of the
primary offence, which demonstrate consent or connivance or neglect on his
part. To reiterate what I said at [41] above, in terms of the actus reus of
the offence, there appears to be three distinct limbs.

43 For completeness, under s 240(7), a contravention of s 240(1) is deemed an
offence, and the prescribed punishment for the said offence is a fine not
exceeding $150,000 or imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or both.

The sentencing approach

General points

44 With the above in mind, I make four general points about sentencing for the
offence.

45 First, it seems to me that “neglect” should be recognised as the state of
mens rea involving lesser culpability relative to that of “consent or
connivance”. In Abdul Ghani at [103]–[105]), despite the different limbs in s
59 CDSA being subject to the same punishment provision in s 47(6) CDSA, the
court recognised the different culpabilities involved in sentencing. Hence,
the court determined that varying “notional upper limits” should apply to the
various limbs, as a guide to determining the appropriate sentence. For
offences prosecuted under the “consent or connivance” limbs, the court
established that these would be subject to a maximum of ten years’
imprisonment. In contrast, the court fixed the notional upper limit for
“negligence” at approximately four years’ imprisonment.

46 In line with Abdul Ghani, I am of the view that for a charge based on the
“consent” limb under s 331(3A) read with s 240(1) of the SFA, the full range
of punishment, up to the maximum of two years’ imprisonment may be considered
by a sentencing court. In this connection, I reject the Accused’s submission
that offences involving omissions, or indeed omissions to issue a prospectus,
should generally be dealt with by fines. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Accused’s Written Submissions (15 February 2019), at paras 16.1 and 16.2.

To do so would be to disregard the full range of prescribed sentences for the
present offence, and to ignore that “consent” entails more than a mere
omission. I do not, however, propose to determine whether any notional upper
limits should be applied to the “connivance” or “neglect” limbs, as the case
before me is not based on either of these limbs. Although I see some merit in
this approach, especially with regards the “neglect limb”, the arguments were
not canvassed before me on this.

47 Second, I should add that while the “consent” limb is certainly the most
serious limb within s 331(3A), as it involves the more culpable of the two
states of mens rea and the most culpable of the three forms of actus reus, I
do not think that a custodial sentence is called for based on this factor
alone. In other words, I would not impose an imprisonment term as the starting
point. Ultimately, the inquiry will be a fact-sensitive one, in which factors
such as those I shall set out below should be considered.

48 Third, it is trite that ignorance of the law is no excuse, whether to
exculpate from criminal liability or to mitigate in sentencing (Krishnan Chand
v Public Prosecutor [1995] 2 SLR 291, at [7]). It is therefore irrelevant to
sentencing that an offender does not know that a prospectus is required. For
clarity, I acknowledge that while “[i]gnorance of the law is no excuse, … that
does not make every breach of the law a wilful one” (Re Cashin Howard E [1987]
SLR(R) 643, at [13]). Wilful contraventions ought to receive greater censure
where they reflect defiance and disregard of the law: Sentencing Principles in
Singapore, Academy Publishing 2007, at 463–466. Hence, a partner or manager
who knows that a prospectus is required, and yet intentionally or deliberately
chooses not to issue one, would likely be viewed with greater disapproval.
This, however, is distinct from the mens rea requirement of the offence. Here,
I pause to observe that at times, the District Judge, as well as the parties,
appear to have conflated the two issues, leading to a degree of confusion both
in the GD, as well as in the written submissions before me.

49 Fourth, it is apt to highlight the mischief meant to be prevented by the
prohibition within s 240(1) of the SFA, which is not seriously disputed by the
parties. The provision sits within a disclosure-based regime, in which
investors are meant to be presented with all the necessary information about a
security so as to make informed decisions about whether to invest in that
security. In this disclosure-based regime, the prospectus is critical to
investor protection. It prevents the fundamental information imbalance between
the securities issuers and the investing public that would otherwise result,
by placing the obligation on issuers to disclose all information that a
reasonable investor needs to make an informed decision about whether to
invest. The sentencing considerations I set out below, in particular the
evaluation of the materiality of the information not disclosed, will therefore
address this legislative purpose.

The sentencing factors

50 With the background in mind, I turn to consider the sentencing factors. The
Prosecution proposed several factors to be taken into account. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions at para 27.

In sum, this encompassed (a) the role of the offender within the limited
liability partnership and which limb (consent, connivance or neglect) the
offender is charged under; (b) the offender’s mental state – whether the
offence was committed knowingly (ie. it was a deliberate or reckless decision
not to issue a prospectus) or negligently (ie. not knowing that a prospectus
was required); (c) the nature and materiality of the information not
disclosed; (d) the consequences of the offence; and (e) steps taken to
mitigate the effects of the lack of a prospectus.

51 In support of these factors, the Prosecution submitted that another
comparable offence, s 253(1) of the SFA, provides sentencing guidance along
similar lines. Section 253(1) prohibits the publication of false or misleading
statements in a prospectus accompanying an offer of securities. The
legislative objective behind the offence was recognised in Auston
International Group Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2008] 1 SLR(R) 882 (“Auston”) –
to enable the proper functioning of a disclosure-based regime of securities
regulation by ensuring that investors are able to make informed decisions
about whether to enter into investments (at [11]–[13]). The Prosecution
submitted that, apart from sharing a similar objective, the prescribed
punishment for both offences is the same: a fine not exceeding $150,000 or
imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or both. In Auston, the
factors considered by the court (at [14]–[18]) were (a) the degree of falsity
of the information published; (b) steps taken to remedy the false information
provided; and (c) the mental state of the offender. These are three factors
identified above as being relevant to the present offences.

52 Indeed, the factors were not specifically challenged by the Accused.
However, the Accused argued that s 253(1) offences were in fact of a more
severe nature compared to s 240(1) offences, because “a prospectus containing
a false and misleading statement is a lot worse than no prospectus” [emphasis
in original]. As illustrated by Auston, the starting point for issuing a
“false and misleading prospectus” is a fine. That being the case, the present
offence “cannot possibly attract a custodial term”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Accused’s Written Submissions (10 January 2019), reply to para 22.

I disagree with such a contention. It can be seen that the prescribed
punishments for both offences, whether under s 240(1) or s 253(1) SFA, are the
same. The legislative intent is therefore for both offences to, all things
being equal, be viewed with equal severity.

53 In my view, the inquiry as to the appropriate sentence must be a fact-
specific one that considers the various factors which I set out below. As
guided by the factors in Auston, and taking on board the Prosecution’s
submissions, I consider the relevant sentencing considerations for the present
offence to broadly fall into twin categories of culpability and harm. I now
set out some non-exhaustive factors which constitute facets of these two main
considerations.

54 Culpability, as a measure of an offender’s blameworthiness, includes these
factors:

(a) Role of the offender. This entails consideration of whether the offender
is charged under the consent, connivance or neglect limb of the offence. In
this provision, the three limbs are set out in an order that reflects a
decreasing level of culpability. Further, under this factor, the offender’s
role in the entity, the nature and extent of the offending acts or omissions,
should also be considered.

(b) The offender’s mental state. This relates to whether the offence was
committed with either consent or connivance of, or attributable to any neglect
of the accused, and the extent of such consent, connivance or neglect. An
offender charged with either consent or connivance is more culpable than one
charged with neglect. Here, I depart from the Prosecution’s analysis as set
out at factor (b) in [50], and a more detailed discussion is at [62] below.
Distinct from the mens rea requirement of the offence, this factor encompasses
consideration of whether there has been a knowing, deliberate or wilful
contravention of the legal requirement which would be an aggravating factor.
Ignorance of the legal requirement, however, is but a neutral factor.

(c) Intention or motive of the offender, and benefits or gains made by the
offender. This requires consideration of whether the offender intended to
benefit from or is motivated by any financial or other gains, and whether he
receives or reaps any benefits from the scheme.

(d) Steps taken to mitigate the effects of the offence. This accounts for any
mitigation of the lack of a prospectus by making any disclosure concerning the
securities offered.

55 The factors which constitute harm caused by the offending behaviour would
include:

(a) Consequences of the conduct. This pertains to the actual and potential
harm caused as a result of the offence(s), in other words, loss or risk
occasioned as a result of the failure to issue the prospectus. It also
involves a consideration of the scale of the operations, such as the number of
investors to whom the securities were sold without a prospectus being issued
and the total value of such securities sold. The sophistication of the
operations is also pertinent.

(b) Materiality of the information not disclosed. Given the legislative object
of the offence to address the information asymmetry of the offender and the
investing public, it is important to consider the materiality – the relevance
and importance – of the information which should have been disclosed to
investors in the prospectus. The materiality of the information must be
considered in the context of the nature of the securities offered. For
instance, the riskier the investment, the more material the relevant
information required to adequately inform investors’ choices would be.

Starting points

56 Drawing upon the factors above, cases can be broadly classified according
to the degree of harm and culpability. Should an offence involve low
culpability and harm, a fine of $10,000 and upwards would be appropriate. This
is in line with the fine of $10,000 imposed in Auston on the primary offender.
Where there is high culpability and high harm, a custodial sentence is
warranted. In between the two extremes, the difficulty is to determine whether
the custodial threshold is crossed. In my view, where the offence is one of
low culpability and moderate harm, or moderate culpability and low harm, a
fine of $30,000 and upwards would be suitable punishment. Where culpability
and harm are moderate in degree, a short custodial sentence may be considered.
That said, these broad positions may be moderated, depending on the other
relevant factors (both aggravating and mitigating which fall outside the
sentencing factors set out in [54]—[55] above). Given the paucity of cases
dealing with the provisions, I will refrain from setting more detailed
starting points.

My decision

57 Having set out the broad sentencing approach, I now apply it to the facts
of the case to determine the appropriate sentence for the Accused, and in
particular, whether the custodial threshold has been crossed. I first turn to
consider the sentencing factors pertaining to the Accused’s culpability.

Culpability

The Accused’s mental state

58 On appeal, the Accused argued that the District Judge placed undue weight
on the “recklessness” of the Accused, despite holding that the Accused was
more negligent in his omission to issue a prospectus. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Accused’s Petition of Appeal, at para 2.9.

In fact, the Accused argues that the District Judge should not have even made
a finding of either mental state, given that the offence is one of strict
liability. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Accused’s Written Submissions (31 December 2018), at para 28.

According to the Accused, as there was no mala fides, the imposition of any
custodial sentence would be inappropriate. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Accused’s Written Submissions (31 December 2018), at para 11.

59 On the flipside, the Prosecution submitted firstly that the lower court had
given insufficient weight to the Accused’s gross recklessness in failing to
“ensure that all legal requirements for offering securities were satisfied”.
Second, the lower court had erred in finding that the product sold by Gold
Insignia was a novel one. Third, the lower court had given undue weight to the
purported steps taken by the Accused to check with the relevant authorities if
all the rules and regulations had been satisfied. Fourth, the lower court had
given undue weight to its finding that the Accused was not proven to have
acted fraudulently. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Prosecution’s Petition of Appeal, at para 5.

60 In my judgment, in discussing the Accused’s culpability, it must be
remembered that the Accused pleaded guilty to a charge brought under the
“consent” limb of s 331(3A), of consenting to Gold Insignia’s offering of
securities without a prospectus; that is, he knew the material facts that
constituted the offence by the limited liability partnership and agreed to its
conduct of the business on the basis of those facts.

61 This leads me to the confusion on the part of the District Judge. As I
observed above, at [26] of the GD, the District Judge alluded to the fact that
the offence “does not require proof of mens rea”. This is not correct. The
District Judge had also found that “the Accused may be said to be negligent or
even … reckless, there is no evidence … that the Accused had deliberately
omitted offering the securities with a prospectus” (at [25(b)]). With respect,
such findings are inconsistent with the mens rea of the charges to which the
Accused had pleaded guilty to which required proof that the Accused must have
“known of the material facts that constituted the offence by the [limited
liability partnership]”. The material facts that constituted the primary
offence would include Gold Insignia’s issuance of the debentures without a
relevant prospectus. The Accused is not charged under the “neglect” limb of
the offence. Therefore, insofar as the District Judge seems to discuss such
states of minds in relation to the mens rea of the charges, she fell into
error. Thereafter, the District Judge found that the Accused’s state of mind
would be relevant to sentencing, and at various points, she found him to be
“negligent”, “reckless” and even “grossly reckless”. Insofar as these findings
were made without being precise as to whether these related to mens rea or to
whether the Accused had committed wilful contraventions of the law, they
muddied the waters further.

62 For similar reasons, I disagree with the Prosecution that the offender’s
mental state concerns whether the offence was “committed knowingly (ie. it was
a deliberate or reckless decision not to issue a prospectus) or negligently
(ie. not knowing that a prospectus was required)”: see [50], factor (b), and
[54(b)] above. Again, it appears to me that the Prosecution’s framing of the
mental state as such is borne out of a misunderstanding as to the elements of
the offence. Where the limb relied on is “consent”, the offender must be shown
to have known of the material facts of an issuance of securities without the
relevant prospectus; recklessness does not suffice. As for negligence as to
the material facts, this would suffice only for a charge under the third limb
of “neglect”, and there is no place for a discussion on negligence in this
sense in the context of a charge based on “consent”. The question of
negligence as to whether the prospectus was required is a separate and
distinct one, which is not part of the mens rea element of the offence.

63 Equally, the Accused’s arguments on appeal that custodial sentences are
inappropriate due to the lack of mala fides involved in the present “strict
liability” offences are misguided. There is a mens rea element to the present
offences, and the Accused is charged for his consent to the material facts of
the primary offence. Further, due recognition must be given to the statutory
provision for possible custodial sentences being meted out in relation to
them.

64 That being said, it appears that the parties’ arguments, and the District
Judge’s findings, also relate to whether the Accused knew of the illegality of
Gold Insignia’s actions. The District Judge had found that the Gold Insignia
membership offerings were “novel”, such that “the [Accused] could [not]
instinctively identify the membership programme … as “securities” under the
SFA” (see [22] above). In other words, the Accused did not know that the Gold
Insignia membership was captured within the prohibition of s 240(1) SFA. At
most, he was reckless in failing to ensure that the legal requirement was met.

65 I reiterate that applying the ignorantia juris non excusat principle,
ignorance is irrelevant to sentencing. While the Accused could not
“instinctively identify” that the offering of memberships without a prospectus
was in contravention of the SFA, this is at best a neutral factor; it has no
mitigating value. All that can be said of the present case is that the Accused
did not wilfully contravene the present provisions. On this, I do not disagree
with the District Judge that there was insufficient basis to find otherwise.
Given that the facts fall short of revealing a wilful contravention of the
law, I leave this as a neutral factor.

66 As for the Accused’s clarifications sought from the authorities, I likewise
do not place much weight on them. In addition to merely going towards whether
the Accused knew about the prospectus requirements or not, these enquiries in
fact concerned the narrow question of whether any licensing was required in
order to run a membership programme. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROP, at p 283, ln 24–28.

The question posed to the authorities was not about whether an accompanying
prospectus was required in the offer of the debentures. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROP, at p 283, ln 18–20.

There was also no evidence to show that any information regarding the
structure of the membership programme as a debenture was given to the
authorities. These communications therefore have little relevance to the
Accused’s state of mind as to the requirement of a prospectus.

Intention or motive

67 It is undisputed that there is no evidence showing that the Accused had any
broader fraudulent intent in offering the Gold Insignia memberships without a
prospectus. In other words, he did not intend, by consenting to such conduct,
to defraud potential investors. The District Judge found at [25(c)] and [26]
of the GD that the Accused did not have any fraudulent, dishonest or ill
intent.

68 On this finding, again, I do not disagree with the District Judge. There is
insufficient basis to infer that the Accused has such intent. However, the
District Judge went further to find that the “requisite state of mind
necessary to tip the case across the custodial threshold was absent in this
case” because of the lack of any fraudulent, dishonest or ill intent. On this,
I agree with the Prosecution that the District Judge had erred. The Accused is
not being charged with defrauding the investing public. While the lack of
fraudulent intent amounts to a lack of such an aggravating factor, this is not
ipso facto a mitigating factor, but is merely a neutral one. The purpose or
object of the offence is not to target fraud, and I do not agree that such
fraudulent intent is a necessary condition for a custodial sentence to be
imposed in respect of this offence.

69 That being said, as the Prosecution pointed out, the Accused drew a monthly
salary of $20,000 for 11 months, and received “partial consultant fees” of
$81,000 and $130,000. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions, at para 61.

In response, the Accused argued that his receipt of such sums was not illegal,
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Accused’s Written Submissions (10 January 2019), reply to para 61.

and that it was effectively an irrelevant consideration. I am unable to agree
with the Accused. The fact of the matter is that he had personally gained a
benefit of $431,000 from the scheme. The financial motivation behind the
scheme is relevant. In comparison, Ray and Serene were mere salaried employees
drawing $3,000 per month, and Jacinta did not receive any salary from Gold
Insignia. Weight must be given to this aggravating factor, and the District
Judge did not do so.

The Accused’s role in the scheme

70 The District Judge had found the Accused to be the “mastermind and
architect” behind the scheme. However, on appeal, the Prosecution argued that
insufficient weight had been placed on this fact. It was submitted that the
Accused had in fact played a different role as compared to the other
offenders. As a result, the Accused carried more responsibility for the
features of the Gold Insignia scheme.

71 In my view, the role of the Accused is a crucial consideration; it reflects
his responsibility for Gold Insignia’s offending behaviour. Indeed, he had
conceived of the entire business concept of Gold Insignia, was the senior-most
member of the management team of Gold Insignia, had the final say in its
management, and his remuneration reflects this. In this regard, I recognise
that the Accused’s responsibility for consenting to the lack of a prospectus
is far greater than that of a more junior manager, as the Accused would have
made the final decision on the matter, and be in a position to influence his
subordinates as well.

72 More importantly, as the founder and senior-most manager of Gold Insignia,
who conceived of the entire scheme, the Accused ought to have understood the
risks of his business, and hence ought to have understood the materiality of
the information which could have been disclosed in the prospectus. The
features of the Gold Insignia business scheme were directly attributable to
the Accused, and I agree with the Prosecution that insufficient weight has
been given to the risk in the scheme’s design and the Accused’s role.

Mitigating steps

73 Although not a point canvassed before me on appeal, I discuss this point to
arrive at a holistic view on the appropriate sentence, as it is one of the
relevant factors under the framework I have set out above at [54(d)]. In this
regard, the District Judge had held that the effects of the lack of a
prospectus were not substantially mitigated against by the information
contained in the membership application forms, and the steps taken by the
Accused were “at best, neutral”.

74 I am in the agreement with the District Judge on these points. First, I
address the issue of the information disclosed in the membership application
forms. It bears reiteration that the prospectus must be prepared in accordance
with s 243 SFA. Section 243(1)(a) requires that a prospectus contain “all the
information that investors and their professional advisors would reasonably
require to make an informed assessment” of numerous matters specified in s
243(3), which include, inter alia, the assets, liabilities, profits, losses,
financial position and performance, and prospects of the issuer. In the
present case, as the issuer of debentures is Gold Insignia, such information
would thus have to be provided in relation to Gold Insignia, and not merely
the terms and conditions of the membership offerings. Indeed, the terms and
conditions were quite different in substance from the disclosure required of a
prospectus, and are insufficient to be accorded mitigating weight.

75 Second, as for the Accused’s alleged steps to mitigate the effects of his
offence, I refer to my discussion at [81] below. As parties have not argued
this issue specifically, I simply state that, having regard to all the facts,
I see no reason to disagree with the District Judge’s findings. The actions
taken by the Accused after the fact constitute a neutral factor.

Harm

76 With regard to the harm caused by the Accused’s offence, I first apply the
sentencing considerations of the consequences of the conduct, in the form of
actual and potential loss caused, as well as the scale of the present
operations. I then consider the materiality of the information not disclosed.

Actual and potential loss caused to the investors

77 The District Judge did not make a specific finding as to whether any
investors suffered actual loss as a result of the offences. Instead, the
District Judge found that “[h]undreds of investors risked losing millions of
dollars” (GD at [20]). On appeal, the Accused argued that there was no basis
for this finding.

78 I first address the issue of actual loss. On the one hand, the
Prosecution’s position on appeal was that the amount of loss caused to the
investors cannot be shown. On the other hand, the Accused argued that no loss
was caused. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Accused’s Written Submissions (31 December 2018), para 21.

According to the Accused, the District Judge should have taken into
consideration the fact that no investor complained of suffering any loss, that
no loss was in fact suffered by any investor while the Accused was actively
selling the product, and there was indeed no loss before the intervention of
the authorities. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Accused’s Petition of Appeal, paras 2.4–2.5.

I also acknowledge the Accused’s argument that any broader effect on the
markets for gold or debentures was not shown to have resulted from the
Accused’s offence. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Accused’s Written Submissions (31 December 2018), para 11.

79 In my view, in the absence of any further information on this point, the
lack of proven loss – whether occasioned on the investors directly or
otherwise – is simply a neutral factor at the sentencing stage. I further note
that even if “no [losses were] suffered … whilst [the Accused] was still
actively selling the product”, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Accused’s Petition of Appeal, para 2.5.

this is of little relevance. It was largely the fresh funds brought in through
active sales of the memberships which kept the scheme going. However, numerous
investors were exposed to a risk of losing a substantial sum of money, and
thus I turn to the issue of potential loss.

80 Regarding the potential loss caused, the Accused contended that the
District Judge had placed undue weight on the “level of harm” posed to the
investing public. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Accused’s Petition of Appeal para 2.1.

There was no basis for finding that “hundreds of investors risked losing
millions of dollars”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Accused’s Petition of Appeal para 2.1.

Insufficient weight was placed on the fact that each investor obtained a gold
bar as security for their investment. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Accused’s Petition of Appeal para 2.2.

The Accused went further to argue that the District Judge had failed to
appreciate that the potential harm to each investor was, in fact, “zero”, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Accused’s Written Submissions (31 December 2018), at para 29.

because the investors enjoyed a possibility of a full-value refund. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Accused’s Petition of Appeal, at para 2.11.

81 In this regard, I note the substance of the various “advisory letters” sent
to members to inform them of the situation as it developed (see [18(c)]
above):

(a) Gold Insignia ceased making pay-outs to investors as early as 4 August
2011. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ROP, at p 563.

This meant that investors who joined the membership programme later were at
higher risk of losing the unsecured 30% of their membership fee, having had
less time to recoup that amount back through the periodic fixed pay-outs.

(b) From August 2011 onwards, Gold Insignia only offered the third variation
of the membership to new investors, entailing a 6% bi-annual pay-out (12% per
annum) as compared to the previously-offered 4.5% quarterly pay-out (18% per
annum). In this regard, I note that this pointed towards the unsustainability
of the first two versions of the memberships, with the third version having a
lower pay-out. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ROP, at p 278, ln 1–14.

(c) In November 2011, Gold Insignia members who wished to terminate their
membership were informed that “the [Gold Insignia] management may not be able
to deal with all requests and return all monies immediately”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ROP, at p 552, para 18.

Members were also offered two options – (a) to sign a letter of release, which
absolved Gold Insignia and the member from all future obligations, and keep
the gold; or (b) to participate in a “recall / redemption exercise”, which
would allow Gold Insignia “to deal directly with each customer to work out a
suitable solution”, but “may take some time”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ROP, at p 552–553.

(d) By 17 November 2011, members were instructed to sign a letter of release,
which would enable them to keep their gold bars. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ROP, at p 558, para 10.

If members did not sign the letter of release, they would effectively be
unable to retain the gold bar.

82 As for the exact sums at risk of loss, the investors did not, as rightly
pointed out by the Accused, stand to lose the entire sum of the membership
fee. This is because each investor was returned a portion of their investment
in the form of a gold bar worth 70% of their membership fee. However, out of
the $29,970,000 paid to Gold Insignia in membership fees, I accept that 30% of
that amount – about $8,991,000 – was exposed to risk. This was a substantial
amount. The facts above at [81] go to show that there was a real risk of loss
of such a sum, and not a mere speculative risk. Pay-outs had ceased to
investors, liquidating their investments became more difficult, culminating in
investors having to sign letters of release to retain the gold bar which
represented 70% of their membership fee. Further, the last two points (stated
at [81(c)]–[81(d)]) in particular reveal the Accused’s error in implying that
investors who had purchased their memberships were not exposed to any risk
because they could obtain a full refund of their membership fee. The ability
to do so was in fact hindered.

Scale of operations

83 At this juncture, it is apposite to note the large scale of Gold Insignia’s
operations. As alluded to above at [82], beyond the existence of the scheme,
the extent of potential loss was substantial. About $8,991,000 of the invested
sum from 547 investors was exposed to risk. For completeness, I note that the
Accused’s 20 proceeded charges relate to a total of 12 investors and $585,000
invested. 30% of this investment that was exposed to risk was thus $175,500,
which is still a significant amount.

Materiality of undisclosed information and the unsustainability of the Gold
Insignia scheme

84 Given the above facts, I now turn to the issue of the materiality of the
information that should have been disclosed in the prospectus. As alluded to
earlier when setting out the relevant sentencing considerations, this is a
factor that cannot be assessed in a vacuum, but must instead be considered
against the context of the risks of the scheme.

85 In the proceedings below, the Prosecution had submitted that the scheme
operated by Gold Insignia was unsustainable, based on facts within the SOF.
The District Judge had accepted the submissions, and therefore pegged the
level of harm caused as “high”, given that the investing public was exposed to
serious financial risk as a result of the Gold Insignia memberships being
“highly speculative, extremely risky and unsustainable” (GD at [20]).

86 On appeal, the Accused has challenged this in the following two aspects:

(a) The District Judge should not have found that the scheme was
“unsustainable” in the absence of any expert evidence or admission by the
Accused. Undue weight was also given to this finding.

(b) The District Judge should not have found that the scheme was “highly
speculative”, as the memberships were not traded at wildly-varying prices,
driven by the transactions of speculators.

87 While the degree of speculation involved was not directly addressed, the
Prosecution submitted in response that the District Judge was entitled to find
that the scheme was unsustainable, and that the issue was in any event
conceded by the Accused. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions, at para 36–43.

The Prosecution also characterised the Gold Insignia membership offerings as a
“money circulation scheme” where funds from new investors were used to pay off
old investors, the offering of which (without a prospectus) was “extremely
misleading”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions, at para 63.

88 Addressing the factual challenges by the Accused, I first consider the
facts relied on by the District Judge in making this finding, as referenced at
[20] of the GD (footnote 10), which were as follows:

(a) After 70% of the membership fee was used to purchase the gold bar for each
investor to hold on trust, only 30% was left to meet its financial
obligations, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SOF, at para 10(a).

which included:

(i) Payment of 4.5% per quarter (18% per annum) or 6% bi-annually (12% per
annum), as the case may be, to the investors, on the entire amount invested by
that investor; 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOF, at para 10(b).

and

(ii) Payment of 1.3% commission, on the full price of the membership, to each
independent sales consultant, for every month that a member, to whom the
consultant sold a membership, stayed in the scheme. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

SOF, at para 29.

(b) Gold Insignia generated monies by putting the 30% remainder less $200,000
with fund managers and brokerage firms. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

SOF, at para 14(b).

On these investments, Gold Insignia had no input in how this money was
invested. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

SOF, at para 14(b).

89 The Prosecution argued that, based on just these two liabilities set out
above at [88(a)(i)] and [88(a)(ii)], after a year of operations, Gold Insignia
had to pay the investor approximately 18% (or 12%) in pay-outs, and about
15.6% in commissions. These liabilities amounted to 33.6% (or 27.6%, as the
case may be) of the membership fees of each investor, which exceeded or would
be close to exceeding the 30% which Gold Insignia retained. In other words, to
meet its obligations, it had to generate 92% to 112% investment returns on the
moneys it had retained. This does not even account for the operation costs of
Gold Insignia, including the salaries of the Accused, Serene and Ray. Further,
Gold Insignia did not engage in any innovative investment strategy in the
investment of the membership fee. Instead, it sought to generate enough to
meet its financial obligations through simply placing the funds with the fund
managers and brokerage firms. Apart from this, Gold Insignia’s only
significant source of funding was the membership fees of new investors. The
sustainability of this scheme therefore was, as the Prosecution argued, “not
only impossible, but highly suspect in its conception”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions, at para 36–39.

90 I accept that the facts show that the Gold Insignia scheme was fraught with
a great degree of risk. It would have, in all probability, been unable to meet
its financial obligations owed to its members and independent sales
consultants, if, after a year, the members choose to terminate their
membership and exercise their right to a refund of the original membership
fee. Furthermore, I note that the Accused, in the proceedings below, did not
specifically challenge the Prosecution’s assertion of the scheme’s
unsustainability. I therefore accept that the District Judge was entitled to
find that the scheme was unsustainable, whether based on the facts or the lack
of dispute on the issue.

91 In addition, I note that before me, the Prosecution used the term “money
circulation scheme”, although the District Judge made no such finding. I do
not think it necessary or suitable to characterise Gold Insignia’s scheme as
such, given the lack of clarity as to what the term means. In the same vein,
while the District Judge’s description of the scheme as “highly speculative”
may simply be one way of expressing the high risk involved, as opposed to a
finding that the membership prices were driven by speculation, I do not think
use of these terms is necessary. It is sufficient for present purposes to
recognise the risks associated with the scheme, based on facts set out in the
SOF.

92 Viewed against this context that the scheme was an extremely risky one for
investors, disclosure via the prospectus became all the more important. For
instance, investors would have been informed, through the prospectus, of Gold
Insignia’s intended mode of generating profits. The failure to issue a
prospectus had inhibited the ability of investors to acquire information about
these risks, and to make informed investments.

The appropriate sentence

93 Having considered the parties’ oral and written submissions, as well as the
GD and relevant facts in totality, I am of the view that the custodial
threshold is crossed. The culpability of the Accused falls in (at least) the
moderate to high range. He had consented to Gold Insignia committing the
offence under s 240(1) SFA, and his role in Gold Insignia was substantial. He
had benefitted from the scheme. That said, I acknowledge that the Accused
lacked any broader fraudulent intent underlying his offending behaviour, and
that he was not in wilful contravention of the legal requirement. Turning to
the harm, again, this was in (at least) the moderate to high range. The scale
of the operations was large, and the non-disclosure was material due to the
risks involved in the Gold Insignia scheme. Significant sums belonging to
multiple investors were exposed to loss as a result. That said, there was no
evidence of actual loss.

94 For almost every sentencing consideration, I assess the present case to
contain aggravating elements. I further note that as compared to the other
accused persons, the Accused is the only one who faced charges under the
“consent” limb, and bore the most responsibility for Gold Insignia’s actions
by virtue of his utmost seniority in the organisation and involvement in the
devising of the scheme. In the circumstances, a custodial sentence is required
for the deterrence of the Accused and other potential offenders.

95 In arriving at this outcome, with respect, I find that the District Judge
has failed to appreciate some of the materials placed before the court, that
the sentence was wrong in principle and that the sentence was manifestly
inadequate.

96 Having concluded as such, I am left to consider the appropriate length of
the custodial term for the 20 proceeded charges. I base my decision primarily
on the sentencing factors set out above, given the lack of sentencing
precedents. Having qualitatively analysed the factors above, and having
determined that the present case falls within at least the moderate
culpability-moderate harm category based on the factors above, I am of the
view that an imprisonment term of six weeks’ imprisonment per charge is
appropriate. Giving full weight to the mitigating effect of the Accused’s
cooperation with the authorities, his plea of guilt and his clean record, I
reduce this to arrive at an imprisonment term of four weeks’ imprisonment per
charge.

97 By s 307(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed), at least
two of the imprisonment sentences imposed for the charges must be ordered to
run consecutively. Considering the overall criminal behaviour, and having
regard to the totality principle (as reiterated recently in Public Prosecutor
v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799, at [71]–[81]), I am of the view that a
global term of 12 weeks’ imprisonment would be appropriate.

The Accused’s bankruptcy

98 At this juncture, I note that the Accused is an adjudged bankrupt as of 20
November 2014. This was not made known to either the District Judge or the
Prosecution before the sentence was imposed. The Accused eventually paid the
fine imposed with the help of a benevolent third party.

99 In this regard, the Prosecution has cited the authority of Public
Prosecutor v Choong Kian Haw [2002] 2 SLR(R) 997 (“Choong Kian Haw”), at [24]:

I stated my view that fines were, in general, not a suitable means of
punishment since bankrupts would typically lack the means to pay for the fines
themselves. If they had the funds to pay the fines, these monies should
clearly be channelled instead to the unpaid creditors. If they lacked the
funds and a third party paid for them, the punitive effect of the punishments
is diminished. These concerns apply with equal force to the sentencing of
bankrupts in general. They are not limited to offences committed under s
141(1)(a) [of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed]. [emphasis added]

100 Nevertheless, I note that the more recent case of Tan Beng Chua v Public
Prosecutor [2014] 3 SLR 1274 states at [14]–[15]:

With respect, Choong Kian Haw should not be taken to have laid down a rigid
and inflexible rule.

… it is pertinent to note that the underlying assumption in Choong Kian Haw is
that bankrupts do not have access to funds other than (a) donations from
benevolent third parties; and/or (b) funds that are available for creditors.
However, with respect, this assumption may not always hold true. Some
bankrupts may have other legitimate sources of funds that may be used to pay a
fine. These include CPF moneys that a member is entitled to withdraw upon
reaching 55 years of age … and the sale proceeds of a Housing and Development
Board flat … Hence, the general proposition in Choong Kian Haw may have been
misapplied somewhat to extend to every case irrespective of whether a bankrupt
has legitimate sources of funds which are not available for distribution to
creditors.

101 As I had concluded on the facts before me that the custodial threshold is
crossed, it is strictly not necessary for me to further address this issue of
whether it would be more appropriate to impose fines or imprisonment for an
adjudged bankrupt such as the Accused.

102 However, I would add that given his bankruptcy status, fines would not be
appropriate as punishment for the Accused. Given the seriousness of the
offences, substantial fines were imposed on the Accused by the District Judge.
The Accused admitted that he did not have his own funds to pay for the fines,
and that at the end of the day, the money was furnished by a well-meaning
friend to do so. He also claimed that he had to repay the friend. It is
therefore clear that the Accused was not in the position to pay the fines, and
any punitive effect was diminished. In terms of the arrangement reached to
repay his friend, it would appear that any funds which the Accused comes into
possession should really be used to pay his creditors. Accordingly, even if
not for the other factors, I would have reached the view that fines would not
be appropriate punishment for the Appellant.

Conclusion

103 For the reasons I have stated, I allow the Prosecution’s appeal, and
dismiss the Accused’s appeal. For all the charges proceeded with, I impose
four weeks’ imprisonment per charge. I order the sentences of the first,
second and fourth charges to run consecutively, with the remaining 17
sentences to run concurrently, resulting in a global custodial sentence of 12
weeks’ imprisonment. The fine of $600,000 is to be refunded to the Accused.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge

Nicholas Khoo and Suhas Malhotra (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Public
Prosecutor;  
Foo Cheow Ming (Foo Cheow Ming Chambers) for the Accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

