Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHCR 4

HC/S 190 of 2018  
HC/SUM 4940 of 2018

Between

| Sun Electric Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff / Respondent

And

(1)| Sunseap Group Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Sunseap Energy Pte Ltd  
(3)| Sunseap Leasing Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants / Applicants

Judgment

[Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Further and Better Particulars]

[Patents and Inventions – Infringement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sun Electric Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Sunseap Group Pte Ltd and others

[2019] SGHCR 4

High Court — Suit No 190 of 2018 (Summons No 4940 of 2018)  
Justin Yeo AR  
15 January 2019

19 February 2019 Judgment reserved.

Justin Yeo AR:

1 This judgment concerns an application for further and better particulars,
with an alternative prayer for striking out parts of pleadings. The requests
for particulars may be classified into five categories. Two major categories
are (a) requests for particulars allegedly requiring a patent proprietor to
construe the terms and claims of his patent, an issue often faced in the
context of patent infringement claims; and (b) requests for particulars of
allegations of joint tortfeasorship by common design, an issue on which there
appears to be a paucity of judicial guidance. The remaining three categories
relate to requests for particulars of certain pleaded terms, references to
unspecified entities, and the specific roles played by individual defendants.

Background

The Parties

2 Sun Electric Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”) is the registered proprietor of
Singapore Patent Application No 10201406883U (“the Patent”), titled “Power
Grid System and Method of Consolidating Power Injection and Consumption in a
Power Grid System”.

3 Sunseap Group Pte Ltd (“the 1st Defendant”) is the parent company of Sunseap
Energy Pte Ltd (“the 2nd Defendant”) and Sunseap Leasing Pte Ltd (“the 3rd
Defendant”). They are collectively referred to as “the Defendants”.

4 The 2nd Defendant operates as an electricity retailer in the National
Electricity Market of Singapore, while the 3rd Defendant designs, develops,
manages and constructs rooftop solar photovoltaic systems to generate
electricity (“PV Generation Facilities”). Phuan Ling Fong (“Phuan”) and Wu
Jueh Ming Lawrence (“Wu”) are directors and substantial shareholders of the
1st Defendant. They are also directors of the 2nd and 3rd Defendants.

The Plaintiff’s pleadings

5 The particulars sought in the Application relate to the Particulars of
Infringement (Amendment No 1) (“the POI”), the Reply and Defence to
Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) (“the RDCC”) and the Plaintiff’s Further and
Better Particulars filed on 2 October 2018 (“the Plaintiff’s Filed FNBP”). The
requests touch on a substantial range of issues. It is therefore useful to
first set out, in some detail, aspects of the Plaintiff’s pleadings that
provide context to the various decision points below. This summary is, of
course, neither exhaustive of the Plaintiff’s claims nor intended to be a
binding or comprehensive understanding of the claims.

Plaintiff’s POI – alleged infringement of system claims, process claims and
common design

6 The Plaintiff alleges that the Defendants have jointly or severally
infringed certain system claims in the Patent, pleading the following
particulars in the POI:

(a) The 2nd and 3rd Defendants are, respectively, the “electricity retail arm”
and the “solar generation arm” of the 1st Defendant. The 2nd and 3rd
Defendants cooperate to implement off-site power purchase agreements (“PPAs”).
Specifically, the 3rd Defendant constructs PV Generation Facilities and
generates electricity while the 2nd Defendant retails electricity that is
“associable” to the PV Generation Facilities via the national electricity
grid.

(b) In early 2015, Apple Inc (“Apple”) entered into a PPA with one or more of
the Defendants for the supply of electricity (ie electricity “associable” to
PV Generation Facilities) to various facilities, including the Apple Store at
Knightsbridge Mall, Apple’s corporate office at One-North, and Apple’s office
in Ang Mo Kio (“the Apple Facilities”). In this regard:

(i) Each of the Apple Facilities has an electrical meter which meters the
amount of electricity imported from the national electricity grid to the Apple
Facilities (“the First Meter”). The Apple Facilities are “considered” to be
supplied with electricity “associable” to the electricity generated by the PV
Generation Facilities located at the rooftops of Housing and Development Board
(“HDB”) buildings in areas “including, but not limited to, Jurong, Tampines,
Sembawang and Marine Parade”, the rooftops of Jurong Port’s buildings, as well
as the rooftop of Apple’s office in Ang Mo Kio.

(ii) One or more of the PV Generation Facilities exports electricity to the
national electricity grid. Each of the PV Generation Facilities has an
electrical meter which meters the amount of electrical energy generated (“the
Second Meter”).

(c) One or more of the Defendants relies on a “consolidation unit”, which is
configured for “associating” the electricity readings from the Second Meter
with those from the First Meter. This “association” offsets at least a portion
of the amount of electricity generated by the PV Generation Facilities against
the amount of electricity consumed by the Apple Facilities.

(d) The “consolidation unit” is also configured to “perform the association
over a given period of time”. The Defendants utilise the APX Singapore
Registry for Tradable Instruments for Global Renewables (“TIGRs”), which is a
platform that validates the generation of electricity from renewable sources
(“the APX Platform”). The detailed operations are as follows:

(i) The 1st Defendant is a holder and administrator of an “Asset
Holder/Representative” account on the APX Platform.

(ii) The 3rd Defendant submits “Generation Data” (ie data on the energy
generated by the PV Generation Facilities to the national electricity grid) to
the Solar Energy Research Institute of Singapore (“SERIS”). SERIS processes
the Generation Data and certifies that the electricity is generated from a
renewable source, and issues a corresponding amount of TIGRs to the 1st
Defendant’s account on the APX Platform.

(iii) Based on the amount of electricity consumed by the Apple Facilities for
a given period of time (ie monthly, quarterly, biannually or annually), a
corresponding amount of TIGRs is then transferred to Apple’s account on the
APX Platform. This effectively offsets the Apple Facilities’ electricity
consumption against the amount of electricity generated by the PV Generation
Facilities for the given time period.

(e) Other than Apple, one or more of the Defendants or their “Affiliates” (ie
“affiliated or associated entities that have a common shareholding and/or
directors” which “include, but are not limited to” Sunseap Leasing Beta Pte
Ltd and Sunseap Commercial Assets Pte Ltd) have entered into similar and
separate PPAs with “Additional Customers” (ie “other entities including, but
not limited to Microsoft, Sakae Holdings, Ricoh Asia Pacific, Unilever,
logistics firm Ninja Van and other SME companies”) for the supply of
electricity to the Additional Customers’ respective facilities (“the
Additional Customers’ Facilities”). In this regard, [6(b)]–[6(d)] above apply
with some modifications. For instance, references to “Apple Facilities” are
replaced by “Additional Customers’ Facilities”, and the pool of PV Generation
Facilities is expanded to “include[e], but not [be] limited to” the PV
Generation Facilities mentioned in [6(b)(i)] above.

7 The Plaintiff further claims that the Defendants have infringed certain
process claims in the Patent by virtue of the matters in [6] above, and also
in view that one or more of the Defendants perform certain steps “either alone
or in combination with each other, and/or with other third parties, including
but not limited to their Affiliates (at the behest of one or more of the
Defendants)”. The alleged steps are as follows:

(a) The 2nd Defendant or its Affiliate(s) receives information on the amount
of electricity consumed and imported by the Apple Facilities and the
Additional Customers’ Facilities (collectively, “the Facilities”) from the
First Meter readings.

(b) The 3rd Defendant or its Affiliate(s) receives information on the amount
of electricity generated by the PV Generation Facilities from the Second Meter
readings, and submits the Generation Data to SERIS for validation on the APX
Platform.

(c) Upon validation, TIGRs are issued to the 1st Defendant. The 1st Defendant
or its Affiliate(s) then assists in the transfer of TIGRs to Apple and the
Additional Customers (collectively, “the Customers”).

(d) The association and offsetting of the consumption of energy by the
Facilities against the Second Meter readings, by one or more of the
Defendants, occurs over a given period of time by way of the TIGRs issued in
respect of at least a portion of the energy generated by the PV Generation
Facilities. The TIGRs are then used to offset against the energy consumed by
the Facilities over the given period of time.

8 The Plaintiff also pleads that the Defendants have “committed acts pursuant
to a common design to infringe the Patent”. In this regard, the Plaintiff
“relies on and repeats the matters set out at paragraphs 2 to 6 above of the
POI” (ie the matters summarised at [6]–[7] above).

Plaintiff’s defence to the Defendants’ counterclaim on invalidity

9 The Defendants also seek further and better particulars in relation to the
following averments in the RDCC:

6\. … [T]he Plaintiff avers that the Defendants’ acts as set out in the POI
constitute infringements of [the asserted system claims and the asserted
process claims]. In particular, the Plaintiff avers the following:

(a) … The 1st Defendant therefore has full control and oversight of the 2nd
and 3rd Defendants through its directors Phuan and/or Wu. The 2nd and 3rd
Defendants are registered “Market Participants” of the NEMS and conduct
business with the benefits accruing to the 1st Defendant therefore enabling
the Defendants to act in concert as a single economic enterprise in the
generation and/or retail of electricity;

(b) … The Plaintiff avers that under PPA arrangements, the 2nd Defendant
retails electricity to consumers associable to the amount of electricity
generated from the PV Generation Facilities constructed and managed by the 3rd
Defendant;

…

(d) … [T]he Plaintiff avers that the 2nd Defendant retails electricity to
Apple that is associable to the amount of electricity generated by the 3rd
Defendant from PV Generation Facilities. …

…

(g) The Plaintiff avers that the 1st Defendant is the account holder and its
employees administer the APX Platform account. ...

…

…

Plaintiff’s Filed FNBP

10 Finally, the relevant extracts of the Plaintiff’s Filed FNBP (which provide
further and better particulars of the POI) are as follows:

8\. …

Answer

The 1st Defendant assists the 2nd and/or 3rd Defendant in the transfer of
TIGRs to Apple’s Account.

…

11\. …

Answer

See answer at paragraph 8.

…

16\. …

Answer

a. The “product obtained directly” by means of the process claims 15, 17, 19,
20, 25, 26, 27 and 28 is an electricity product that supplies electricity to
at least one load connected on the power grid.

…

(emphasis in original)

The Application

11 The Application comprises two substantive prayers. The first is the main
prayer seeking further and better particulars. There were 51 separate
requests, eight of which the Defendants opted not to pursue at the hearing.
The remaining 43 may be classified into the following five categories:

(a) The first category comprises 11 requests relating to the terms
“consolidation unit” and “associate” (and its variants) (“the Category 1
Requests”).

(b) The second category comprises three requests relating to the “electricity
product” used by the Defendants (“the Category 2 Requests”).

(c) The third category comprises 13 requests relating to the roles of the
individual Defendants in the infringement of the Patent (“the Category 3
Requests”).

(d) The fourth category comprises 14 requests relating to the “Affiliates”,
“Additional Customers”, “Additional Customers’ Facilities” and “PV Generation
Facilities” (“the Category 4 Requests”).

(e) The fifth category comprises two requests relating to acts pursuant to a
common design to infringe the Patent (“the Category 5 Requests”).

12 These requests are summarised in the following sections of this judgment.
The actual requests are not reproduced in the interests of brevity, but
references to the actual request numbers are included for completeness of the
record.

13 The second substantive prayer presents a further or alternative prayer in
relation to some of the Category 4 Requests, ie, for the striking out of parts
of the POI such as “include … but… not limited to” (and its variants) pursuant
to O 18 r 19(1)(a), (b) or (c) of the Rules of Court, on the basis that they
disclose no reasonable cause of action, are scandalous frivolous or vexatious,
or may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action. The
alternative prayer essentially seeks to limit the Plaintiff’s case to the
Affiliates, Additional Customers, Additional Customers’ Facilities and PV
Generation Facilities that have hitherto been identified in the Plaintiff’s
pleadings.

Category 1 Requests – “Consolidation Unit”, “Associate”

14 The Category 1 Requests seek further and better particulars in relation to
the terms “consolidation unit” and “associate” (and its variants), as follows:

(a) What each Defendant allegedly relies on that constitutes a “consolidation
unit” (Requests 2(b) and 13(a)).

(b) How the Facilities are “considered” to be supplied with electricity
“associable” to the electricity generated by the PV Generation Facilities
(Requests 1(a), 7(b), 15(c) and 16(a)).

(c) How each Defendant “relies” on the “consolidation unit” (Requests 2(c),
2(d) and 2(e)).

(d) What “association” the “consolidation unit” performs (Request 3(a)).

(e) How, for each Defendant, the “association” has been configured to perform
over a given period of time (Request 3(b)).

Parties’ Arguments

15 Plaintiff’s counsel contended that the Category 1 Requests ought to be
rejected for three reasons:

(a) First, the requests require the Plaintiff to construe the meanings of
terms and claims of the Patent, ie “consolidation unit” and “associate” (and
its variants). In the absence of any exceptional circumstances, these requests
ought to be rejected (citing AstraZeneca AB (SE) v Sanofi-Aventis Singapore
Pte Ltd [2013] SGHCR 7 (“AstraZeneca”) at [47]). The requests are also similar
to requests made in the related High Court Suit No 1229 of 2016 (“Suit 1229”)
between the same parties but concerning a different patent, which were
rejected by the court on the basis that they involved matters of claim
construction or were requests for evidence.

(b) Second, the requests are requests for evidence rather than material facts.

(c) Third, the Defendants are already fully aware of their case to meet. In
particular, they have an understanding of what “consolidation unit” and
“associate” (and its variants) mean and, in any event, have already construed
the terms as appropriate to their case. This is evident from the fact that the
Defendants were able to mount a substantive attack on the validity of the
Patent through pleading 18 pieces of prior art and combinations thereof, and
stating in their Particulars of Objection that the “consolidation unit” was
“no more than a general purpose computer”.

16 Defendants’ counsel’s arguments may be summarised as follows:

(a) First, the requests did not amount to claim construction at all. They
simply require the Plaintiff to provide at least one instance of each type of
infringement alleged, as required under O 87A r 2(2) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, Rev Ed 2014) (“Rules of Court”). The Plaintiff must identify
the specific acts of the Defendants that the Plaintiff complains about, so as
to prevent surprise to the Defendants at trial (citing Cranway Ltd (an Isle of
Man Company) v Playtech Ltd (a BVI Company) and anor [2007] RPC 527
(“Cranway”) at [16]).

(b) Second, it is not enough for the Plaintiff to simply state that the
Defendants have infringed the Patent claims, or to lift terminology such as
“consolidation unit” and “associate” (and its variants) directly from the
claims, without further elaboration on what the terms mean. Rather, the
Plaintiff ought to “condescend to describe the manner in which the acts which
he alleges to be infringement were carried out” (citing AstraZeneca at [21]).
Specifically, the term “consolidation unit” has no obvious meaning in the
English language, while terms such as “associate” (and its variants) are vague
as they do not go into the precise manner of provision of electricity. Without
further particularisation, the Defendants are unable to identify which of
their acts are said to infringe the Patent claims.

Decision

17 A plaintiff does not generally have to construe the terms and claims of his
patent at an early stage of infringement proceedings, but is obliged to inform
the defendant of sufficient particulars to enable the defendant to know the
case to be met (see AstraZeneca generally at [17]–[48], [58] and [61]; see
also Cranway at [16], where the court cited commentary that “[t]he patentee
need not give his construction of his patent, the function of particulars of
infringements being merely to point out to the Defendant what specific act on
his part is complained of so as to prevent surprise at the trial”).

18 At the heart of the contentions relating to the Category 1 Requests is the
proper characterisation of the requests being made. Plaintiff’s counsel
characterised the requests as requiring the Plaintiff to construe terms or
claims of the Patent. Defendants’ counsel, on the other hand, characterised
the requests as requiring the Plaintiff to inform the Defendants of sufficient
particulars of infringement.

19 Proper characterisation of each request depends on its nature and extent,
as understood in the context of the case. While it may not be possible to
define a bright line rule to determine the appropriate characterisation of
every request, it is helpful to set out situations which characterise the more
extreme ends of the spectrum.

20 At one end of the spectrum is a request requiring a plaintiff to positively
and exhaustively define the ambit of the terms or claims of his patent. This
is likely to amount to a request for the plaintiff to construe his claims
which, if brought at an early stage of the proceedings, will be granted only
in exceptional circumstances (AstraZeneca at [47]). The general rule
precluding the particularisation of claim construction at an early stage is
premised on practical considerations as gleaned from the accumulated
experience of the common law (see AstraZeneca at [18]–[43] on how the position
has evolved over the past century). Amongst other things, the rule recognises
that plaintiffs are often unable to construe their claims precisely prior to
the necessary evidence being adduced, and requiring early claim construction
often leads plaintiffs to put forward long and complicated documents advancing
a plethora of alternative claim constructions. The rule also recognises the
reality that even if the true construction finally relied upon was not earlier
pleaded, applications to amend are typically made and often (subject to costs)
allowed; this would mean that the costs and effort invested in early claim
construction would have been wasted.

21 At the other end of the spectrum is a request requiring a plaintiff to
identify the specific acts on the part of the defendant which the plaintiff
complains of, without which the defendant is left unaware of the case to be
met. This is a logical outworking of O 18 r 12(3) and O 87A r 2(2) of the
Rules of Court, and is indeed the very “office” of the particulars of
infringement (see AstraZeneca at [16]). Of course, a request on this end of
the spectrum may directly or indirectly require a plaintiff to provide some
information about what, in the plaintiff’s view, falls within the ambit of the
terms or claims of his patent. However, this is conceptually different from a
request requiring the plaintiff to positively define the ambit of those terms
or claims, and therefore avoids the difficulties identified in the preceding
paragraph. As such, a request limited to identifying acts on the part of the
defendant that the plaintiff complains of is less likely to fall foul of the
rule precluding the early particularisation of claim construction.

22 I now turn to consider the various Category 1 Requests. The requests at
[14(a)] are akin to the type of requests mentioned at [21] above. They do not
require the Plaintiff to positively define the ambit of the term
“consolidation unit”. Rather, they are limited to requests for the Plaintiff
to identify the aspects of the Defendants’ acts or operations that the
Plaintiff alleges constitutes a “consolidation unit” – a term that has no
obvious meaning in the English language, and which originates from the Patent
claims themselves. A mere repetition of such a term in the POI does not
provide the Defendants with sufficient understanding of the Plaintiff’s
infringement claim.

23 I reject Plaintiff’s counsel’s argument that the Defendants are fully aware
of their case to meet on the basis that the Defendants have mounted a
substantive attack on the validity of the Patent (see [15(c)] above). While I
accept that the term “consolidation unit” is of central concern in both the
infringement claim and the invalidity claim, the parties could very well have
entirely different understandings of what the term means – the Defendants may
be proceeding in the invalidity claim on the basis that a “consolidation unit”
comprises components A, B and C, while the Plaintiff may be proceeding in the
infringement claim with components X, Y and Z in mind. This is not a
hypothetical or theoretical concern in the present case: indeed, the
Defendants had averred in the invalidity claim that the “consolidation unit”
comprised “no more than a general purpose computer”, but this averment was
flatly denied by the Plaintiff in its defence to that claim. The Defendants
ought not be burdened with “undertak[ing] guesswork” in order to understand
the claim against them, and are instead “entitled to know the precise manner
in which, according to the Plaintiff, the Defendants have infringed [the
claims in question]” (emphasis added) (Mostar at [35]–[36]).

24 For completeness, while Plaintiff’s counsel urged me to consider that
similar requests were rejected in S 1229, those requests were different in a
subtle but significant way: they sought particulars on “What exactly this
alleged ‘consolidation unit’ is”. Those requests were, as such, arguably more
akin to the type of requests mentioned at [20] above.

25 I therefore grant the requests at [14(a)].

26 As for the requests at [14(b)]–[14(e)], I agree with Plaintiff’s counsel
that these are requests for evidence concerning the configuration of, use of
and reliance upon the “consolidation unit”. I accordingly reject these
requests, pursuant to O 18 r 7(1) of the Rules of Court (ie pleadings must not
contain the evidence by which material facts are to be proved).

Category 2 Requests – “Electricity Product”

27 The Category 2 Requests relate to the “electricity product” used by the
Defendants, as follows:

(a) What exactly the alleged “electricity product that supplies electricity”
is (Request 22(a)).

(b) How the alleged “electricity product” is obtained directly by means of the
asserted process claims (Request 22(b)).

(c) How the Defendants have used such an alleged “electricity product”
(Request 22(c)).

28 The Plaintiff had previously provided the following particulars in relation
to “electricity product”:

a. The “electricity product that supplies electricity” is the product that one
or more of the Defendants has used and continues to use to supply electricity
to at least one load connected on the power grid, such as Apple and the
Additional Customers.

b. The “electricity product” is obtained directly by performing the steps of
the process claims 15, 17, 19, 20, 25, 26, 27 and 28.

c. One or more of the Defendants have used the “electricity product” by
supplying electricity to at least one load connected on the power grid, such
as Apple and the Additional Customers.

(emphasis in original)

29 The Category 2 Requests appear to seek information that has already been
specifically provided by the Plaintiff as cited in the preceding paragraph.
Furthermore, the Plaintiff has adduced additional evidence in the Application
containing a screenshot of the Defendants’ website promoting a variety of
electricity solutions and products. This provides further indication of the
electricity products in question.

30 At the hearing, Defendants’ counsel contended that in view that the
Plaintiff had already perused the Defendants’ website, the Plaintiff would be
fully in a position to inform the Defendants of the specific infringing
“electrical product”. This contention does not provide any basis for the
ordering of further particulars.

31 Overall, there is no evidence that the provided particulars are
insufficient to enable the Defendants to know the case to be met. I therefore
reject the Category 2 Requests.

Category 3 Requests – Roles of individual Defendants

32 The Category 3 Requests relate to the roles of the individual Defendants in
the infringement of the Patent:

(a) Which Defendant(s) are being referred to as relying on the alleged
“consolidation unit” (Request 2(a)).

(b) Which Defendant(s) are being referred to as having allegedly entered into
similar and separate PPAs with other entities (Request 6(a)).

(c) Which Defendant(s) are being referred to as allegedly performing the steps
mentioned at [7] above (Request 8(a)).

(d) Which Defendant(s) allegedly carry out the association and offsetting of
the consumption of energy by the Facilities (Requests 11(a) and 11(b)).

(e) Which Defendant has used such an alleged “electricity product” and when
and where did such use take place (Request 22(d)).

(f) How the 1st Defendant (or its Affiliates) allegedly “assists” in the
transfer of the TIGRs to the Customers (Requests 10(d), 20(a) and 21(a)).

(g) How the 1st Defendant’s employees allegedly “administer” the APX Platform
account (Request 18(a)).

(h) The facts and circumstances supporting the allegation that the 1st
Defendant has full control and oversight of the 2nd and 3rd Defendants through
Phuan and Wu (Request 14(a)).

(i) What “benefits” allegedly accrue to the 1st Defendant (see [9] above)
(Request 14(b)).

(j) All the facts and circumstances supporting the allegation that the
Defendants “act in concert as a single economic enterprise” in the generation
or retail of electricity (see [9] above) (Request 14(c)).

Parties’ Arguments

33 In relation to the requests at [32(a)]–[32(e)]:

(a) Defendants’ counsel contended that the Plaintiff ought to identify with
precision the specific Defendants against whom particular allegations are
made. In support of this argument, Defendants’ counsel cited Haw Par Brothers
International Limited and anor v Jack Chiarapurk also known as Jack Chia and
ors [1991] SGHC 45 (“Haw Par”). In Haw Par, the defendants applied for
particulars of the plaintiff’s allegation of misuse of confidential
information. The Judge upheld the decision of the Assistant Registrar,
ordering the plaintiff to furnish “best particulars” in relation to various
specific allegations made by the plaintiff, including identifying the
defendants against which each allegation was made. In addition to citing Haw
Par, Defendants’ counsel submitted that the Defendants have pleaded sufficient
particulars in relation to each Defendant’s role, which would enable the
Plaintiff to specify which Defendant it alleges has done the acts in question.

(b) Plaintiff’s counsel contended that further particulars should not be
ordered pending discovery, because the publicly available information does not
disclose in detail the precise acts performed by the Defendants. Furthermore,
specific details have already been provided in relation to the request at
[32(c)]. Plaintiff’s counsel further cited Intel Corp v General Instrument
Corp [1989] FSR 640 (“Intel Corp”), where the UK Patents Court found that the
facts on which entity committed the particular acts of infringement were
“peculiarly in the possession of the defendants”, and to order particulars
would “serve no useful purpose” where the plaintiff had made clear that
pending discovery it had given the best particulars it can.

34 In relation to the requests at [32(f)]–[32(j)]:

(a) Defendants’ counsel contended that the Plaintiff has pleaded bare
allegations against the 1st Defendant, and as such the 1st Defendant is not
aware of the case to be met.

(b) Plaintiff’s counsel argued that sufficient particulars have already been
provided, and that these were requests for evidence which ought to be
rejected.

Decision

35 I first address the requests at [32(a)]–[32(e)]. I agree with Plaintiff’s
counsel that the request at [32(c)] must be rejected, given that the Plaintiff
has already identified the particular Defendants involved in the various steps
mentioned therein.

36 However, I am minded to grant the requests at [32(a)], [32(b)], [32(d)] and
[32(e)]. In the present case, it is not the situation that the Plaintiff is
entirely unaware of the roles of the various Defendants; indeed, the
Defendants have provided considerable detail on their own roles, and the
Plaintiff has demonstrated the ability to specifically identify the particular
Defendants involved in various steps in relation to the request at [32(c)]. I
further note that similar requests were granted in S 1229 on similar grounds,
and the Plaintiff was able to provide the particulars in question; there is no
compelling reason why the Plaintiff cannot similarly particularise its claim
in the present suit.

37 I reject the requests at [32(f)] and [32(g)]. The material facts in
relation to the 1st Defendant’s alleged assistance have already been pleaded
(see [6]–[7] above). Specifically, the Plaintiff has already pleaded that
SERIS issues TIGRs to the 1st Defendant’s account, and that based on the
amount of electricity consumed by the customer, a corresponding amount of
TIGRs is transferred to the Customer’s account on the APX Platform. How the
1st Defendant allegedly “assists” in the transfer of the TIGRs and how the 1st
Defendant’s employees “administer” the APX Platform are requests for evidence.
It is also of note that the Defendants have expressly pleaded that the 1st
Defendant is not the administrator of the account on the APX Platform, and
further that the 1st Defendant is not involved whatsoever in the generation,
retail or supply of electricity. Against this backdrop, the issue of the
existence and extent of the 1st Defendant’s involvement are matters of
evidence for determination at trial.

38 I reject the request at [32(h)]. The Plaintiff has already pleaded the
shareholding, common directorship and business operations structure amongst
the Defendants. The request for more particulars of how the Plaintiff intends
to prove the allegation (of the 1st Defendant having full control and
oversight of the 2nd and 3rd Defendants) is a request for evidence.

39 I allow the requests at [32(i)] and [32(j)]. The Plaintiff has pleaded
“benefits” accruing to the 1st Defendant which enable the Defendants to “act
in concert as a single economic enterprise”. However, the Plaintiff has not
pleaded material facts supporting these allegations, and it is presently
unclear what the alleged “benefits” are, or what point the allegation of
acting in concert is intended to advance.

Category 4 Requests – “Affiliates”, “Additional Customers”, “Additional
Customers’ Facilities” and “PV Generation Facilities”

40 The Category 4 Requests raise the issue of the extent of particularisation
required for the terms “Affiliates”, “Additional Customers”, “Additional
Customers’ Facilities” and “PV Generation Facilities” (see [6(e)] above). The
Defendant sought further particulars of:

(a) Affiliates and Additional Customers besides the currently identified
entities (Requests 6(b) and 6(c)).

(b) Details of the PPAs with the Additional Customers, including the dates of
agreement and the parties thereto (Requests 6(f), 6(g) and 15(a)).

(c) Locations of the Additional Customers Facilities to which the Defendants
supply electricity associable to generated electricity from PV Generation
Facilities (Request 6(d)).

(d) Locations of the PV Generation Facilities which supply associable
electricity to the Additional Customers Facilities (Requests 6(e), 7(a) and
15(b)).

(e) Which Affiliate is allegedly receiving information on readings taken from
the First and Second Meters, and which of the Additional Customer Facilities
the Affiliate receives information from (Requests 8(b), 8(c) and 9(a)).

(f) Which Affiliate allegedly consolidates and submits the Generation Data to
SERIS, or assists in the transfer of TIGRs to the Customers (Requests 10(a)
and 10(c)).

Parties’ Arguments

41 Defendants’ counsel contended that the terms “Affiliates”, “Additional
Customers”, “Additional Customers’ Facilities” and “PV Generation Facilities”
potentially include a wide range of unknown entities and facilities, and
introduce multiple unknown factors in the Plaintiff’s allegations. The
Plaintiff should not be allowed to cite ambiguous and open-ended terms (citing
Newfoundland and Labrador (Attorney General) v Rothmans Inc [2015] NJ No 434
(“Newfoundland”)). Without suitable particularisation, the Plaintiff would be
permitted to go on a “fishing expedition” during discovery. It would also be
oppressive, uneconomical and an abuse of process for the Defendants to give
discovery in relation to a wide-ranging and non-exhaustive list of Affiliates,
Additional Customers, Additional Customers’ Facilities and PV Generation
Facilities. As such, the Category 4 Requests should be granted; alternatively,
the terms “include [or including] … but… not limited to” ought to be struck
out, so as to limit the Plaintiff’s case to the Affiliates, Additional
Customers, Additional Customers’ Facilities and PV Generation Facilities that
have hitherto been identified in the Plaintiff’s pleadings.

42 Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that the Plaintiff had pleaded all possible
facts known to it from publicly available documents, and that pending
discovery or interrogatories, the Plaintiff was unable to provide further and
better particulars in addition to those already set out in its pleaded case
(reiterating the decision of Intel Corp – see [33(b)] above). Plaintiff’s
counsel also pointed to several publicly available documents to substantiate
the Plaintiff’s case. For instance, an article in The Business Times stated
that the Defendants sell clean energy to “easily 500-600 SMEs” and that the
Defendants were generating solar energy from PV Generation Facilities located
on “almost 1,800 HDB blocks”. An article on the Microsoft Corp website
revealed that the PPA between Microsoft Corp and “Sunseap Group” was for the
“largest-ever solar project in Singapore”, encompassing a portfolio that would
“span hundreds of rooftops across the nation”. The various publications do not
identify specific companies which make up the “500-600 SMEs”, and there is
also no publicly available information that discloses the parties who have
PPAs with the Defendants. The publications also do not exhaustively identify
the various entities which may have entered into PPAs at the behest of the
Defendants.

Decision

43 I first address the requests at [40(a)]–[40(d)], which require
particularisation of the terms “Affiliates”, “Additional Customers”,
“Additional Customers’ Facilities” and “PV Generation Facilities”.

44 In Newfoundland, the Canadian Newfoundland and Labrador Supreme Court held
that the reference to the defendants’ “predecessors” was ambiguous, and
ordered the plaintiff to identify all entities intended to be included as
“predecessors” for each defendant. It must be kept in mind that the plaintiff
had already pleaded the “corporate histories for each Defendant”, but omitted
to define the entities which the term “predecessor[s]” entailed (Newfoundland
at [23]). The plaintiff’s objections to particularisation appeared to have
been on the basis that these were unreasonable demands for evidence, and that
particularisation would involve the disclosure of thousands of pages of
evidence (Newfoundland at [12]).

45 The present factual matrix is considerably different. The Plaintiff has
adduced evidence to support its belief that there exist further unspecified
PPAs with unspecified entities for electricity supplied from unspecified PV
Generation Facilities. The information in relation to these unspecified
matters is peculiarly in the possession of the Defendants. In this regard, it
is important to note that the Defendants have not denied that there are indeed
contractual arrangements with “500-600 SMEs” for the sale of clean energy, and
that such energy is generated from PV Generation Facilities located at various
rooftops. To order further particulars on the requests at [40(a)]–[40(d)]
would therefore serve no useful purpose at this stage (see Intel Corp at 646).
For the same reasons, I also decline to strike out the terms of the POI such
as “include … but… not limited to” (and its variants), because those pleadings
cannot be said to fall foul of O 18 r 19(1)(a), (b) or (c) of the Rules of
Court.

46 I turn next to the requests at [40(e)] and [40(f)]. These requests are
similar to those requiring particularisation of each Defendant’s role, save
that they are in relation to the roles of the Affiliates. In view of the
decisions at [36] and [45] above, I grant the requests limited to the
Affiliates, Additional Customers and Additional Customers’ Facilities that
have hitherto been identified in the pleadings. This is without prejudice to
the Defendants seeking further particulars in due course if and when detailed
particularisation of the Affiliates, Additional Customers and Additional
Customers’ Facilities is possible.

Category 5 Requests – Common Design

47 The Category 5 Requests relate to the Defendants’ alleged commission of
acts pursuant to a common design to infringe the Patent, as follows:

(a) Which specific particulars in paragraphs 2 to 6 of the POI the Plaintiff
claims depicts acts that were committed “pursuant to a common design” (Request
12(a)).

(b) For each act allegedly committed pursuant to a “common design”, state
which Defendants or parties shared the alleged “common design” (Request
12(b)).

Parties’ Arguments

48 Defendants’ counsel submitted that there were no Singapore decisions
dealing with the level of particularisation required for pleading a claim of
common design, and relied instead on three cases from other Commonwealth
jurisdictions, ie, Anheuser-Bush Incorporated v Budejovicky Budvar, Narodni
Podnik [2000] HKCU 1109 (“Anheuser-Bush”), SNE Engineering Co Ltd v Hsin Chong
Construction Co Ltd & anor [2015] 6 HKC 583 (“SNE Engineering”) and Ammon v
Consolidated Minerals Ltd and anor [2005] WASC 156 (“Ammon”): see [54] below.
Defendants’ counsel submitted that despite the cross-reference to paragraphs 2
to 6 of the POI:

(a) the Plaintiff had failed to plead the “act in furtherance of the alleged
common design”;

(b) it is unclear what the allegedly tortious acts are; and

(c) it is unclear which parties are involved in the alleged common design.

49 Plaintiff’s counsel contended that the Defendants have failed to explain
how the current pleadings are inadequate such that further particulars are
necessary. Plaintiff’s counsel further submitted that, in any event, the
Plaintiff had already set out in paragraphs 2 to 6 of the POI the acts
committed by the Defendants “pursuant to a common intention to execute their
business model of off-site PPAs” (a phrase taken from Plaintiff’s counsel’s
written submissions, but which is not in the pleadings).

Decision

50 The law on joint tortfeasorship can be divided into two broad categories,
ie, (a) first, where one party conspires with the primary party or induces the
commission of the tort; and (b) second, where two or more persons join in a
common design pursuant to which the tort is committed (see Trek Technology
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v FE Global Electronics Pte Ltd and ors and or suits (No
2) [2005] 3 SLR(R) 389 (“Trek”) at [35]).

51 In relation to joint tortfeasorship by common design, the High Court in
Trek adopted the approach in Morton-Norwich Products Inc and Others v Intercen
Limited [1978] RPC 501 at 512, explaining a claim for common design as one in
which “two persons agree on common action in the course of and to further
which one of them commits a tort”, or, in other words, where there is a tort
committed by one person “on behalf of and in concert with the other” (Trek at
[37]). In order for common design to be found, it is not necessary for the
persons involved to have mapped out a plan; tacit agreement will also suffice
(Trek at [38], citing Unilever Plc v Gillette (UK) Limited [1989] RPC 583
(“Unilever”) at 609).

52 More recently, the UK Supreme Court had occasion to consider the law in
relation to common design in Fish & Fish Ltd v Sea Shepherd UK and others
[2015] 2 WLR 694 (“Fish & Fish”). The Law Lords were divided on the outcome of
the appeal, but essentially agreed (albeit with slightly different
phraseology) on the elements of liability for joint tortfeasorship by common
design (see, also, the observations of Hacon J in the postscript to Vertical
Leisure Limited v Poleplus Limited, Peter Bowley [2015] EWHC 841). It suffices
for present purposes to adapt from the formulations put forward by Lord
Sumption and Lord Neuberger in Fish & Fish at 705 and 710. In essence, in
order for a defendant to be liable to a plaintiff as a joint tortfeasor by
common design, three elements must be satisfied:

(a) First, the defendant must have assisted in the primary tortfeasor’s
commission of an act.

(b) Second, the assistance must have been pursuant to a common design on the
part of the defendant and the primary tortfeasor that the act be committed.

(c) Third, the act must constitute a tort as against the plaintiff.

53 In relation to the level of particularisation required for pleading common
design, I have considered the three Commonwealth cases cited to me by
Defendant’s counsel as well as three further cases which provide some insight
on the issue. These cases do not purport to set out principles or guidance on
pleading a common design claim, and most of them (save for Anheuser-Bush and
Cranway) do not involve any judicial examination of the level of
particularisation required.

54 I start first with the three cases cited by Defendants’ counsel:

(a) In Anheuser-Bush, defendant’s counsel contended that the plaintiff had
failed to “plead the act in furtherance of the alleged common design”. The
Hong Kong Court of First Instance agreed that the plaintiff ought to establish
“not just a common design but the commission of a tortious act by one of the
parties in furtherance of that common design” (Anheuser-Bush at [45]).

(b) In SNE Engineering, the Hong Kong Court of Appeal cited Anheuser-Bush for
the proposition that “[i]t is clear that common design must be pleaded” (SNE
Engineering at [162]). The court found that the court below had rightly
disallowed the plaintiff from arguing on common design at trial because the
plaintiff had “not pleaded the common design or the ‘tacit agreement’ and
[had] not provided any particulars or evidence relied upon in support of the
alleged common design” (SNE Engineering at [163]).

(c) In Ammon, the Supreme Court of Western Australia found it unsatisfactory
for the pleadings on common design to merely repeat allegations of the primary
infringement (Ammon at [55]). While Defendant’s counsel attempted to draw a
parallel between Ammon and the Plaintiff’s cross-reference to paragraphs 2 to
6 of the POI, it must be kept in mind that the circumstances of the two cases
are different. In Ammon, the court had already found that the particulars of
primary infringement were insufficient; the court’s finding of insufficient
particularisation of the secondary infringement by cross-referencing the
particulars of primary infringement must therefore be understood in this
context. In my view, Ammon does not stand for the proposition that it is
always insufficient for pleadings on common design to cross-refer to the
particulars of primary infringement.

55 I turn next to the three further cases I have considered. All three cases
dealt with similar questions of whether an entity outside the jurisdiction can
be joined to a patent infringement action, on account of an alleged common
design with other defendants in the action. As with cases involving
applications for service out of jurisdiction or for setting aside such
service, these cases involved an assessment of the evidence at hand, rather
than simply the question of whether the common design claim was properly
pleaded. Be that as it may, the first two cases provide some insight as to the
level of detail that has previously been included in other common design
claims (although there is no express judicial analysis of these pleadings),
while the third case – Cranway (a case that Defendant’s counsel had cited in
relation to the Category 1 Requests) -– touched briefly on a pleading point.

(a) In Bradley Lomas Electrolok Ltd and another v Colt Ventilation East Asia
Pte Ltd and others [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1156 (“Bradley”), the plaintiffs (ie the
appellants in the appeal) commenced an action against a Singapore company for
patent infringement, and added two foreign companies as defendants on the
basis that they had a common design with the Singapore company to carry out
certain infringing acts. The High Court held that the first foreign company
was properly made a defendant, but set aside the writ against the second
foreign company. The particulars of infringement in relation to common design
were pleaded as follows:

3 The first defendants have, without the consent of the first or second
plaintiffs, infringed the patent by the disposing, offering to dispose of,
importing and keeping of fire screens or curtains (hereinafter ‘the Colt
Product’) made in accordance with the fire screens of curtains described in
the said specification and claimed in Claims 1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 9, 14, 16 and 17
(hereinafter ‘the patented product’).

4 The second and third defendants are liable together with the first
defendants as joint tortfeasors with the first defendants, for the said acts
of disposing, offering to dispose of, importing and keeping referred to in
para 3 above, in that the second and third defendants have/had the common
intention and common design with the first [defendants] to carry out the said
acts.

Particulars

4.1 at all material times, the second and third defendants have/had control
and/or influence over the first defendants in the conduct of the first
defendants’ business.

4.1.1 the first defendants were wholly owned by the second and third
defendants, with the second defendants holding 1, and the third defendants
holding 299,999 of the 300,000 shares of the first defendants;

4.1.2 the first defendants shared directors and representatives with the
second and third defendants, namely, Paul Jerome O’Hea, David Earp and Keith
Rickinson.

4.2 at all material times, the second and third defendants participated in,
the marketing, supply and installation of the Colt Product in Singapore which
infringed the patent. The plaintiffs will refer, inter alia, to the following
documents as evidence of the second and third defendants’ participation:

(11 listed documents).

On appeal, the Court of Appeal held that there was no evidence that the second
foreign company had participated in the tort (ie patent infringement) by way
of common design. In particular, the fact that there was common management
amongst the companies (amongst other linkages between the defendants) was not
indicative of the second foreign company’s participation or involvement in the
tort. As such, the Court of Appeal agreed with the High Court that there was
no basis for allowing service out of jurisdiction on the second foreign
company.

(b) In The Mead Corporation and Another v Riverwood Multiple Packaging
Division of Riverwood International Corporation [1997] FSR 484, the plaintiffs
had brought a claim against a foreign defendant company. The defendant applied
to strike out the claim on the basis that it had committed no tort within the
UK. The plaintiff applied to join two English companies (which were the
defendant’s subsidiaries), and to amend the statement of claim to allege joint
tortfeasance against all three companies. The question before the UK High
Court was whether the plaintiffs had an arguable case that the acts of primary
infringement were committed in furtherance of a common design between the two
subsidiaries, or between either of them and the defendant. The common design
claim was pleaded as follows:

The Defendants and each of them have infringed the said patent in the manner
appearing in the Amended Particulars of Infringement served herewith. If and
in so far as it is established that the First Defendant has not itself carried
out the acts particularised in the Particulars of Infringements the Plaintiffs
will say that the First Defendant was a joint tortfeasor with the Second
and/or Third Defendant in that such acts were committed in furtherance of a
common and concerted design between the First and the Second and/or Third
Defendants.

Particulars

The Second and Third Defendants are part of a group of companies ultimately
owned by the First Defendant. That group of companies is operated as a single
international business which is controlled from the United States by the First
Defendant. It is the design and intention of the First Defendant that the
cartons and carton blanks referred to in the Particulars of Infringements
should be sold in the United Kingdom by its group of companies. The identity
of the company within the group that carries on the business in question is
determined by the First Defendant by reference to financial considerations.

(emphasis in original)

As with Bradley, the court did not expressly comment on the sufficiency of the
pleading, and instead focused on whether the evidence relied upon was
sufficient for an arguable case to be made out. After considering the
evidence, the court found that the defendant had merely “looked on with
general approval at what its subsidiaries… were doing in their local market”,
which “goes no way towards indicating that [the defendant] played any part in
the specific acts of primary infringement”. As such, the court concluded that
the defendant should not have been made a party to the proceedings.

(c) In Cranway, the plaintiff pleaded that the defendant had procured tortious
acts to be carried out by other companies, and that the acts in question were
part of a common design. Against this backdrop, the plaintiff sought and
obtained an order to serve the defendant outside the jurisdiction in relation
to alleged patent infringement. The defendant applied to set aside service, on
the basis that there was no evidence as to a serious issue to be tried, inter
alia because the particulars of claim were general and lacking in particulars.
The court observed as follows (Cranway at [21]):

The allegation of infringement against [the defendant] also alleged that [the
defendant] is responsible not only for things that it did itself but also for
things done by other companies. This vicarious responsibility is put in two
different ways. Firstly, that [the defendant] procured tortious acts to be
carried out by others and, second, that the acts in question were part of a
common design. No particulars of this allegation are given; no act is
identified which [the defendant] is alleged to have procured and the common
design was not identified. Nor is there alleged any fact from which it is said
the common design can be inferred.

The court set aside the order permitting service outside the jurisdiction, and
ordered that the claim against the defendant be set out.

56 Having considered the elements of liability for joint tortfeasorship by
common design (see [52]) and the cases in [54] and [55], I find that a common
design claim ought to be particularised with details that identify:

(a) First, the primary and secondary tortfeasors in question.

(b) Second, the relevant act of the primary tortfeasor.

(c) Third, the common design in question. This should include the facts on
which reliance is to be placed in support of the existence of a common design,
and how those give rise to the inference that the defendants were parties to a
common design.

(d) Fourth, the assistance allegedly rendered by the defendant, pursuant to
the identified common design, towards the primary tortfeasor’s commission of
an act.

57 I would add that because common design is related to conspiracy inasmuch as
they are the two broad categories of joint tortfeasorship (see Trek at [35]),
in preparing pleadings on common design, it may be useful to also consider
pleading precedents on conspiracy (see, eg, Bullen & Leake & Jacob’s Singapore
Precedents of Pleadings (Jeffrey Pinsler SC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2016) at
paragraph 16.20 et seq and Bullen & Leake & Jacob’s Precedents of Pleadings,
Volume 2 (Justice William Blair et al gen eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed,
2016) at paragraph 59-03 et seq).

58 In the present case, the Plaintiff’s pleading on common design is a bare
pleading that cross-references all the allegations of primary infringement set
out in the POI. The paragraphs of the POI encompass a large range of acts and
refer to a variety of entities (ie Defendants, Affiliates and Customers). Even
if the details of the alleged secondary infringement by common design can
technically be unearthed from the mass of detail, the Defendants are left with
the unenviable task of attempting to do so, without any assurance that they
have correctly understood the Plaintiff’s common design claim. This is an
unsatisfactory state of affairs, as it is the Plaintiff’s obligation to
properly particularise its claim on common design.

59 The Category 5 Requests seek particularisation of the details I have found
to be necessary for a common design claim. I therefore grant these requests.

Conclusion

60 In view of the foregoing, my orders are as follows:

(a) In relation to the Category 1 Requests, the requests at [14(a)] are
granted while the requests at [14(b)]–[14(e)] are rejected.

(b) The Category 2 Requests are rejected.

(c) In relation to the Category 3 Requests, the requests at [32(a)], [32(b)],
[32(d)], [32(e)], [32(i)] and [32(j)] are granted, while the requests at
[32(c)] and [32(f)]–[32(h)] are rejected.

(d) In relation to the Category 4 Requests, the requests at [40(e)] and
[40(f)] are granted, limited to the Affiliates, Additional Customers and
Additional Customers’ Facilities that have already been identified in the
pleadings. The requests at [40(a)]–[40(d)] are rejected.

(e) The Category 5 Requests are granted.

(f) The alternative prayer for striking out is dismissed.

61 I will hear parties on costs.

Justin Yeo  
Assistant Registrar

Mr Jevon Louis and Mr Chan Wenqiang  
(Ravindran Associates LLP) for the Plaintiff;  
Mr Nicholas Lauw and Ms Leow Jiamin  
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the Defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

