Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 169

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9324 of 2018

Between

| Chiew Kok Chai  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Benchmark sentences]

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Employment of Foreign Manpower Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chiew Kok Chai

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2019] SGHC 169

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9324 of 2018  
Aedit Abdullah J  
15 March 2019

19 July 2019 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 This appeal is against sentences of six weeks’ imprisonment that were
imposed for offences under s 22(1)(d) read with s 23(1) and punishable under s
22(1)(ii) of the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act (Cap 91A, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“EFMA”), for abetment by engaging in a conspiracy to make false declarations
in connection to three work pass applications.

2 The Prosecution has argued that this appeal provides the High Court the
opportunity to set out a sentencing framework that provides guidance on the
correct approach to sentencing s 22(1)(d) offences that will utilise the full
sentencing range prescribed under s 22(1)(ii) of the EFMA. Having considered
the submissions, I agree that guidance in this regard is due and set out the
sentencing framework to be applied for offences under this provision.

Facts

3 The appellant pleaded guilty to 18 charges under the EFMA and the Employment
Act (Cap 91, 2009 Rev Ed). He also consented for 43 charges under both Acts to
be taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing, of which two were
also under s 22(1)(d) read with s 23(1) and punishable under s 22(1)(ii) of
the EFMA.

4 The facts are set out in Public Prosecutor v Chiew Kok Chai [2018] SGMC 70
(“GD”) at [4]. At the material time, the appellant and Mr Tan Yock Jeen
(“Tan”) jointly managed the operations of Wee Chong Construction (“Wee Chong”)
and Wan Fu Builders Pte Ltd (“Wan Fu”). The appellant was a registered
director of Wan Fu, and was involved in managing the construction projects and
foreign employees of both businesses, deploying employees to different
worksites and ensuring the payment of employees’ salaries.

5 The EFMA charges concerned a conspiracy between the appellant and Tan to
obtain foreign manpower for Wan Fu, which was not entitled to a foreign
manpower quota due to its previous levy defaults. The pair agreed that Tan
would apply for work pass applications for three foreign employees to be
ostensibly employed by Wee Chong, with the intention that they be employed by
Wan Fu instead.

6 Tan duly submitted the three work pass applications to the Work Pass
Division (“WPD”) of the Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”) on this basis. The three
foreign employees were issued work passes, and the WPD confirmed that it would
not have approved the applications but for Wee Chong’s false declarations. The
three employees worked solely for Wan Fu as construction workers. Two of the
foreign employees worked for Wan Fu for about five months; the third worked
for Wan Fu for about six months.

7 The appellant was charged, convicted and sentenced under s 22(1)(d) read
with s 23(1) and punishable under s 22(1)(ii) of the EFMA. The relevant
provisions are set out for ease of reference. Sections 22(1)(d) and 22(1)(ii)
state:

Any person who … in connection with any application for or to renew a work
pass or for any other purpose under this Act, makes any statement or furnishes
any information to the Controller [of Work Passes] or an authorised officer or
employment inspector which he knows, or ought reasonably to know, is false in
any material particular or is misleading by reason of the omission of any
material particular; … shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on
conviction … to a fine not exceeding $20,000 or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 2 years or to both; …

8 Section 23(1) states:

Any person who abets the commission of an offence under this Act shall be
guilty of the offence and shall be liable on conviction to be punished with
the punishment provided for that offence.

As offences under s 22(1)(d) read with s 23(1) and those under s 22(1)(d) are
punished under the same provision, this judgment will deal with the sentencing
approach taken towards s 22(1)(d) offences generally.

Decision below

9 The District Judge held that general and specific deterrence are the primary
sentencing principles in relation to offences that undermine the work pass
regulatory framework: at [22]. Where employers intentionally make false
declarations to MOM to employ foreign workers whom they are otherwise not
entitled to employ, so as to meet their business needs, a financial penalty
might amount to a mere business cost factored into the business’s balance
sheet. A custodial sentence would be more likely to serve the deterrent effect
that Parliament had intended: at [26] and [27].

10 The District Judge’s view was “fortified” by the High Court’s sentencing
frameworks for offences under s 57(1)(k) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997
Rev Ed) (“the IA 1997”) and s 182 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“the Penal Code”): at [28]. In Abu Syeed Chowdhury v Public Prosecutor [2002]
1 SLR(R) 182 (“Chowdhury”) at [26], the High Court held that a custodial
sentence should be the applicable norm where a false representation is made
under s 57(1) of the IA 1997. Similarly, the High Court in Koh Yong Chiah v
Public Prosecutor [2017] 3 SLR 447 (“Koh Yong Chiah”) at [50] held that
custodial terms should be imposed as a starting point where offences under s
182 of the Penal Code, which involve the making of false representations to
public servants, result in “appreciable harm”.

11 The District Judge ultimately refrained from adopting the Prosecution’s
proposed sentencing framework: at [35]. Nonetheless, he agreed that its
submitted sentences of six weeks’ imprisonment for each EFMA charge were
appropriate and in line with the sentences imposed in Chowdhury, Koh Yong
Chiah and five recent s 22(1)(d) cases: at [36]. Two of the three custodial
sentences were to run consecutively. In so deciding, he also considered the
offence- and offender-specific factors that the Prosecution had raised: at
[37].

The parties’ cases

The appellant’s case

12 The appellant argued that a fine should have been imposed, in line with the
sentencing matrix established by the body of s 22(1)(d) cases. Under this
sentencing matrix, fines are generally imposed where a false declaration
pertains to the salaries payable to foreign workers; the fact that the
offender will employ a foreign worker when he has no intention to do so; or a
foreign worker’s educational qualifications. The custodial threshold is
crossed in more serious cases involving, inter alia, the declaration of
“phantom” workers to boost companies’ foreign worker entitlements and where an
element of forgery is involved. The categories of principal factual elements
determining the appropriate sentencing starting points were set out: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 7–10.

S/N| Principal factual element of the offence| Number of cases| Sentence
(starting point)  
---|---|---|---  
Pre-2012 amendments| Post-2012 amendments  
1| “Phantom” workers| 18| 2| Custodial sentence  
2| Forgery| 3| 4| Custodial sentence  
3| Exploitation of foreign workers| 1| 6| Custodial sentence  
4| False declaration (salary)| 2| 8| Custodial sentence  
5| False declaration (false alias)| 1| 1| Custodial sentence  
6| False declaration (employer’s name)| 2| 6| Fine  
7| False declaration (occupation)| 0| 3| Fine  
8| False declaration (credentials)| 0| 0| Fine  
  
13 Sentences are adjusted from the applicable starting points to account for
the following non-exhaustive sentencing considerations: (a) the materiality,
nature and extent of the deception; (b) the role and involvement of the
offender in the deception; (c) the consequences of the deception; and (d)
offender-specific aggravating and mitigating factors. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 11.

The appellant argued that the present matrix correctly reflects Parliament’s
intent: it allows for proportionality in sentencing and for the full
sentencing range under s 22(1) to be fully utilised. While cases decided prior
to the 2012 EFMA amendments resulted in fines of approximately $4,000, cases
decided after 2012 saw the imposition of $8,000 fines. The District Judge
erred in concluding that a fine was insufficient, given that he had the
latitude to impose fines of up to $20,000. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 37–41.

14 Finally, there was no need to deviate from or review the current sentencing
practice as there was no evidence that a fine was no longer an effective
deterrent. The District Judge also misapplied Chowdhury and Koh Yong Chiah, as
s 57(1)(k) of the IA 1997 and s 182 of the Penal Code are not in pari materia
with s 22(1)(d) of the EFMA, invoking different culpability considerations and
involving different penalties and sentencing frameworks. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 46–76.

The young amicus curiae’s case

15 The young amicus curiae, Mr Chen Zhida (“the amicus”), was appointed to
assist the court on the appropriate sentencing framework for s 22(1)(d)
offences, taking into account the relevant sentencing principles and the full
sentencing range prescribed under s 22(1)(ii) of the EFMA. He submitted that
the legislative intent behind s 22(1)(d) encapsulates deterrence as a
sentencing principle. He cited Parliamentary debates concerning s 22(1)(d) and
its predecessor provisions, and the three increases of the maximum punishment
under the provision.

16 Reviewing the case law, the amicus identified the following non-exhaustive
considerations: (a) materiality of the deception; (b) nature and extent of the
deception; (c) role and involvement of the offender in the deception; (d) harm
caused by the deception; and (e) benefits gained by the offender as a result
of the deception. He referred also to the Chowdhury sentencing considerations,
which have been cited by the District Court in cases dealing with s 22(1)(d)
offences. Although Chowdhury deals with a different offence, s 57(1)(k) of the
IA 1997 similarly involves an offender providing false information to obtain a
permit. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Young amicus curiae’s submissions at paras 29–32.

17 Furthermore, the upward revisions in the maximum prescribed punishment
under s 22(1)(ii) of the EFMA should have resulted in corresponding increases
in sentences for s 22(1)(d) offences: see Mehra Radhika v Public Prosecutor
[2015] 1 SLR 96 at [27]. This, however, has not been the case: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Young amicus curiae’s submissions at paras 33–40.

(a) From 2010 to 2011, sentences of two months’ imprisonment were imposed if
the false information was “material”. Sentences of two weeks’ imprisonment
were imposed if the false information was not material: see Public Prosecutor
v Soh Tze Chai [2010] SGDC 58 at [21]; Public Prosecutor v Tan Lai Heng [2011]
SGDC 368 at [23] and [30]; Public Prosecutor v Franco Ong Kim Huat (Wang
Jinfa) [2011] SGDC 269 at [22].

(b) At present, the sentencing benchmark is a fine of $8,000 per charge, ie,
40% of the maximum fine under s 22(1) of the EFMA. Imprisonment terms range
from two to three months’ imprisonment: around 8–12% of the maximum length of
imprisonment under s 22(1).

18 The sentencing regime under s 22(1)(d) should be reviewed given: (a) the
legislative intent of introducing more severe penalties to achieve a stronger
deterrent effect; (b) the fact that existing sentencing benchmarks do not
sufficiently utilise the available sentencing range; and (c) the present
sentencing precedents’ lack of deterrent effect: see Public Prosecutor v GS
Engineering & Construction Corp [2017] 3 SLR 682 at [51], [55] and [57]. In
light of the above, the custodial threshold should be found to be crossed as a
starting point. Any deception of a public institution which frustrates the
aims of the EFMA cannot be condoned: Lim Kopi Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor
[2010] 2 SLR 413 (“Lim Kopi”) at [10] and [11]. This is supported by the
consequences of s 22(1)(d) offences, which invariably carry the potential to
cause serious harm to a large group of people, including honest employers
placed on an uneven playing field, local workers deprived of job
opportunities, and foreign workers who may be exploited. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Young amicus curiae’s submissions at paras 41–58.

19 The length of the sentence should be calibrated using the “two-step
sentencing bands” approach utilised in Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”) at [35] to [39]. At the first
stage, the court identifies the manner and mode by which the offence was
committed and the harm caused by the offence. The amicus proposed sentencing
bands for individual offenders (imprisonment terms) and corporate offenders
(fines): 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Young amicus curiae’s submissions at paras 59–66.

Band| Descriptors| Imprisonment| Fine  
---|---|---|---  
Band 1| Lower end of the spectrum of seriousness. No offence-specific factors,
or factors present to a very limited extent.| Less than eight months’
imprisonment| Less than $6,000  
Band 2| Higher level of seriousness. Usually two or more offence-specific
factors.| Eight to 16 months’ imprisonment| $6,000 to $14,000  
Band 3| Extremely serious cases. Large number of offence-specific factors.| 16
to 24 months’ imprisonment| $14,000 to $20,000  
  
At the second stage, the court calibrates the appropriate sentence based on
the aggravating and mitigating factors personal to the offender, ie, the
“offender-specific” factors.

The Prosecution’s case

20 The Prosecution submitted that the dominant sentencing considerations for
offences under s 22(1)(d) of the EFMA are general and specific deterrence,
especially given the legislative history of the provision. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Prosecution’s submissions at paras 25–31.

21 The Prosecution argued that a sentencing framework for s 22(1)(d) offences
is necessary to rationalise past inconsistent sentencing practices and to
provide guidance as to when the custodial threshold is crossed and how the
entire sentencing spectrum is to be considered. A consistent sentencing
practice is also desirable given the prevalence of false declarations
offences. From 2016 to 2017, at least 134 natural persons were convicted under
s 22(1)(d) of the EFMA for collectively making 494 false declarations in
connection with work pass applications or renewals processed by the Controller
of Work Passes (“the Controller”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Prosecution’s submissions at paras 32–44.

22 The Prosecution agreed with the amicus that the custodial threshold should
be found to be crossed once an offender has been convicted of an offence under
s 22(1)(d). This sentencing norm gives due weight to Parliament’s intent to
deter circumventions of the work pass framework. Second, s 22(1)(d) offences
pose high potential harm, cause actual harm to the integrity of the work pass
framework and result in investigative resources being put towards addressing
offending conduct (see Koh Yong Chiah at [44(c)] and [51(c)]). A fine would
not be sufficiently deterrent: the common thread underlying false declarations
in connection to work pass applications is the offender’s desire to obtain
pecuniary benefits or a willingness to pay to legalise a stay in Singapore.

23 Moreover, a consistent position should be taken for sentencing for s
22(1)(d) work pass offences and offences of making false declarations to
immigration authorities under s 57(1)(k) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 2008
Rev Ed) (“the Immigration Act”), which generally carry custodial sentences.
Failing to impose custodial sentences for work pass offences would create a
legal loophole in Singapore’s immigration policy, encouraging persons to
legitimise a foreigner’s stay in Singapore through the work pass framework
instead of through the immigration framework.

24 Finally, the courts have viewed false declaration offences seriously. In
Idya Nurhazlyn bte Ahmad Khir v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2014] 1
SLR 756 (“Idya Nurhazlyn”) at [37], the High Court held that a custodial
sentence should be the starting point for false declarations under s 39(1) of
the Passports Act (Cap 220, 2008 Rev Ed), in view of the maximum sentence
available and Parliament’s intention “for such offences to be dealt with
seriously”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Prosecution’s submissions at paras 46–58.

25 The Prosecution also recommended the use of the “two-step sentencing bands”
approach. Cases would be sorted into bands depending on the seriousness of the
offence, with reference made to offence-specific factors, eg, the materiality
of the falsehood on the mind of the decision-maker and the nature and extent
of the deception (Chowdhury at [28] and [29]); and whether the work pass
framework was exploited for nefarious purposes. The following sentencing
categories for the sentencing of natural offenders were proposed: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Prosecution’s submissions at paras 60–69.

Band| Elaboration| Sentencing range  
---|---|---  
1| Lower end of the spectrum, involving one or very few offence-specific
factors, or where offence-specific factors were not present to a significant
degree.| Short custodial sentence of less than five months’ imprisonment  
2| Middle band of the spectrum, involving higher levels of seriousness or
harm, comprising cases falling between Bands 1 and 3.| Five to 15 months’
imprisonment  
3| Higher end of the spectrum, involving numerous offence-specific factors, or
where offence-specific factors were present to a significant degree.| 15 to 24
months’ imprisonment  
  
At the second stage, the sentence is adjusted based on offender-specific
aggravating and mitigating factors, eg, whether the offender was remorseful.

26 The Prosecution applied its proposed sentencing framework to demonstrate
that the appellant’s sentence of six weeks’ imprisonment per s 22(1)(d) charge
was not manifestly excessive. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Prosecution’s submissions at paras 76–80.

The issues to be determined

27 The issues before me in this appeal are threefold:

(a) What is the appropriate sentencing framework for offences under s 22(1)(d)
of the EFMA?

(b) Does the doctrine of prospective overruling preclude the application of
the sentencing framework in this case?

(c) What is the appropriate sentence to impose on the appellant?

Issue 1: The appropriate sentencing framework

Sentencing precedents

28 I accept the Prosecution’s observation that the sentences imposed for
offences under s 22(1)(d) of the EFMA have been inconsistent. Recent
sentencing trends appear to run along two lines, with courts either meting out
fines in the range of $8,000 or imposing short custodial terms. The
Prosecution highlighted two categories of cases that display these sentencing
patterns. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 36.

29 The first category of cases involves false declarations of salary.

(a) In Public Prosecutor v Shokkanarayanan Ramakrishnan [2012] SGDC 127, an
employment agent was convicted of four charges under s 22(1)(d) read with s
23(1) of the EFMA for abetting a sole proprietor in a carpentry firm (“Lau”)
to falsely declare in S Pass applications that four foreign employees would be
paid a monthly salary of $1,800 to $2,000, when he knew they would only be
paid $800 to $900. As an employment agent aware that the grant of S Passes
required minimum monthly salaries of $1,800 to $2,000, his falsehood in this
regard was material. He had also masterminded the scheme, having approached
Lau to advise Lau and his wife to commit the offence; prepared and submitted
the applications after Lau signed on them; caused 73 fake salary vouchers to
be prepared to pre-empt investigation; and subsequently contacted Lau to
persuade him to conceal the truth (at [55]). In sentencing the offender to two
weeks’ imprisonment per charge, the District Judge noted that the “sentencing
norm” for s 22(1)(d) offences was a “custodial term” (at [60]).

(b) Conversely, fines in the range of $8,000 were imposed in 40 unreported
cases decided in 2016 and 2017. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Prosecution’s submissions, Annex I at pp 4–28.

In Public Prosecutor v Son Mi Jun Magistrate’s Arrest Case No 907771 to 907792
of 2017, the offender made false statements on behalf of her company that
seven foreign employees would be paid salaries of $4,500 to $4,580 when she
knew that they would be paid less. The employees were only informed that they
would receive salaries lower than promised after they arrived in Singapore,
and faced the threat of being sent to their home countries if they did not
agree to the lower salaries. They were eventually paid sums ranging from
$1,700 to $3,800. The offender was sentenced to fines of $9,000 (one month’s
imprisonment in default) for the s 22(1)(d) offences.

30 In the second category are cases where an offender falsely declares his
field of employment.

(a) In Public Prosecutor v Nicanora Reyes Puyawan Magistrate’s Arrest Case Nos
904451 to 904453 of 2016, the offender falsely declared in work permit renewal
forms that she would be employed as a domestic worker when she had no
intention to work in that capacity. She instead intended to use the work pass
granted to legalise her employment in Singapore as a freelance pub hostess,
and used the work pass on that basis for two years. She was sentenced to two
months’ imprisonment per s 22(1)(d) charge.

(b) In Public Prosecutor v Vergara Jerrilyn Tigno Magistrate’s Arrest Case No
909614 of 2018, the offender falsely declared that she would be employed as a
domestic worker. She used the work pass granted to legalise her stay in
Singapore to continue her relationship with a Singaporean citizen. She
eventually started an online page selling various items. Her offence was
discovered three years and nine months later. She was sentenced to six weeks’
imprisonment.

(c) In Public Prosecutor v Florevic Vallera Go Magistrate’s Arrest Case No
907367 of 2016, the offender falsely declared that she would be employed as a
domestic worker. She used her work pass to legalise her stay in Singapore for
two years and two months, and worked as a freelance salesperson during that
period. She was sentenced to a fine of $8,000 (four weeks’ imprisonment in
default).

31 The above review shows that sentences imposed for s 22(1)(d) offences have
not been entirely consistent. In particular, the wide sentencing disparity in
cases involving similar fact patterns is difficult, if not impossible, to
rationalise. It is with this in mind that I turn to the legislative intent
that should be upheld when courts approach sentencing for these offences.

The sentencing considerations

The legislative objective of the EFMA

32 Section 22 of the EFMA is part of an overall regime that regulates the
employment of foreign workers in Singapore. It is an instrument of social
policy. Economic and business concerns are but one set of factors considered
in the framework established by the EFMA; social and immigration concerns are
also important considerations in this regime. This emerges from a
consideration of the Parliamentary speeches introducing the EFMA and its
predecessors. The legislative intent of the EFMA was articulated by the then-
Acting Minister for Manpower Mr Tan Chuan-Jin (“Mr Tan”) during the second
reading of the Employment of Foreign Manpower (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 22 of
2012):

In the last few years, [MOM] has taken steps to moderate the inflow and raise
the quality of foreign manpower in Singapore. We want to shift from a labour-
driven to productivity-driven growth model. Our intent is to ensure that we
support decent and sustainable economic growth that will create good jobs and
wages for Singaporeans, and to ensure that our Singaporeans remain at the core
of our workforce. The adjustments we have made to our employment framework and
regulations are aimed at supporting this intent.

(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (11 September 2012) vol 89
(“the 2012 Parliamentary Debates”).)

33 Similar concerns were reflected in the then-Minister for Manpower Dr Ng Eng
Hen’s speech at the second reading of the Employment of Foreign Workers
(Amendment) Bill (Bill No 17 of 2007), where he noted as follows:

The ability of our companies to access foreign manpower is a comparative
advantage. But our foreign worker policy cannot be based on a laissez-faire
approach, which will be detrimental to our overall progress. To protect the
well-being of foreign workers, we have imposed conditions on employers for
their housing, remuneration and medical coverage. We also carefully identify
where foreign workers are needed most and allow them into selected industries.
We constantly monitor the labour situation and make fine adjustments to
maintain the equilibrium between our economic competitiveness and other social
objectives, to enable locals to compete for jobs. …

…

For Singapore, as a small island, we need to be vigilant and manage our
foreign worker population well, to ensure that it continues to contribute
positively to our economy. We need a robust system with effective laws,
enforcement and safeguards against the illegal entry and employment of foreign
workers and ensure that their well-being is protected. …

(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (22 May 2007) vol 83 at cols
929 to 931.)

34 Returning to the 2012 Parliamentary Debates, Mr Tan’s speech is useful as
it highlights a number of concerns that must be taken as influencing the
legislative intent behind the EFMA. Firstly, it was contemplated that
employers would try to get around the controls under the EFMA framework:

… As we further tighten the policies on the hiring and retention of foreign
manpower, we can expect errant employers to try harder to get around the
rules. … [W]e have found some declaring higher salaries than they are actually
paying their foreign workers, asking foreign workers to foot their own levies
and insurance premiums, contributing CPF to locals that do not really exist or
… [are not actively] in their employment in order to meet the required ratio
of local to foreign workers, and submitting forged certificates to qualify for
skilled work passes.

35 Secondly, Mr Tan recognised that EFMA contraventions hurt Singaporeans,
resulting in the need to protect the integrity of the work pass framework. The
2012 EFMA amendments sought to establish a calibrated approach which enhanced
deterrence by, inter alia, increasing penalties to be commensurate with the
potential profits to be gained from abuses of the system:

Singaporeans ultimately suffer when employers fail to pay the true costs of
hiring foreign manpower or hiring foreign manpower that they are not entitled
to. Local workers will lose out in employment opportunities. Honest employers
who play by the rules are also unfairly disadvantaged. Besides errant
employers, syndicates also profit from setting up sham operations to illegally
import and supply foreign workers who otherwise should not be here. Syndicates
have devised increasingly complex schemes to get around our enforcement
approaches. Such operations exploit foreign workers and they also cost our
local employment opportunities and cost us resources to assist stranded
workers.

… [T]he proposed amendments to the [EFMA] will enhance the Government's
ability to ensure the integrity of our work pass framework. Recognising that
EFMA contraventions range widely from administrative infringements to criminal
offences, these amendments will introduce a calibrated and appropriate
response to different types of contraventions. In totality, the changes will
allow [MOM] to step up enforcement actions … thereby enhancing deterrence
against EFMA contraventions, which ultimately hurts Singaporeans.

We have made the amendments along three broad thrusts. Firstly, MOM will
establish an administrative penalty regime to enforce administrative
infringements to complement our prosecution efforts. … Secondly, to enhance
deterrence, MOM will introduce new EFMA contraventions and increase penalties
commensurate with potential profits gained from abuse of the system. Thirdly,
to facilitate enforcement against common contraventions and syndicate
operations of increasing complexity, MOM will include new presumption clauses
and expand our investigatory powers.

36 It is thus apparent, as submitted by the amicus citing Lim Kopi at [10] and
[11], that the EFMA aims to protect the work pass framework by imposing
deterrent sentences, with offences of deception justifying stiffer penalties.
Although Lim Kopi was concerned with the sentencing of a corporate offender
for charges under s 22(1)(d) of the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act (Cap
91A, 1997 Rev Ed) for making bogus hires, Chao Hick Tin JA’s observations
continue to apply to similar offences of deception under the current EFMA.

37 Parliament’s intent to deter offences of deception through stiff sentences
is also reflected by the legislative history of s 22(1)(d). As traced by the
amicus and the Prosecution, three increases in the maximum punishment under s
22(1)(d) and its predecessor provisions have occurred over the past 40 years.

38 The equivalent of s 22(1)(d) was first introduced as s 14(1)(i) in the
amendments to the Regulation of Employment Act 1965 (Act No 12 of 1965)
(“REA”). Section 14(1) of the REA imposed punishment of a fine of up to
$1,000, imprisonment of a term not exceeding six months or both. The maximum
fine under s 14(1) of the REA was subsequently increased to $5,000 when the
REA was repealed and re-enacted as the Employment of Foreign Workers Act 1990
(Act No 21 of 1990) (“EFWA”), with s 18(1)(d) replacing s 14(1)(i).

39 The EFWA was in turn replaced by the Employment of Foreign Workers
(Amendment) Act 2007 (No 30 of 2007). In 2007, s 18(1)(d) of the EFWA was
replaced by s 22(1)(d), and the maximum punishment under s 22(1)(ii) for
offences under s 22(1)(d) was increased to a maximum fine of $15,000 or 12
months’ imprisonment or both. The most recent amendments in 2012 again
increased the maximum punishment under s 22(1)(ii) to a fine not exceeding
$20,000, imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or both.

40 Parliament’s intent to deter those who try to circumvent the rules on the
hiring of foreign manpower through the increase in the maximum punishment was
expressed by Mr Tan in the 2012 Parliamentary Debates. In particular, the
stated aim was to increase EFMA penalties to reflect the advantages obtained
from such contraventions, with reference made to similar offences under the
Immigration Act and the Penal Code:

To further enhance deterrence, we will increase maximum penalties for EFMA
contraventions. The penalties have been benchmarked against contraventions of
similar nature in the Immigration Act and the Penal Code. They have also been
calibrated to ensure that more egregious offences attract higher penalties. …
This will also allow the courts to take into account any costs avoided by the
employer, including medical and work injury compensation insurance premiums,
security deposits and levy payments. …

That correspondence to equivalent provisions in other Acts lies at the base of
the approaches taken by the Prosecution and the amicus. I agree that it is
appropriate to take into account similar provisions dealing with the provision
of false information to public authorities in devising the appropriate
sentencing framework under s 22(1)(d) of the EFMA, and deal with this further
below.

41 I note that the appellant also invoked portions of the 2012 Parliamentary
Debates to argue that Parliament intended that EFMA penalties should be
calibrated to reflect the commercial circumstances that offenders may find
themselves to be in. Mr Zainudin Nordin (“Mr Zainudin”), Member of Parliament
(“MP”) for Bishan-Toa Payoh, highlighted the need for the EFMA amendments to
account for the individual circumstances of errant employers. In particular,
Mr Zainudin described a situation where a contractor submitted a bid for a
construction project but could not hire foreign employees until the bid was
approved. Where declining the project would risk his company’s viability and
affect his Singaporean employees, one “could imagine that the contractor would
be tempted to use other ways to get his workers.” Mr Zainudin asked that the
authorities consider each individual employer’s circumstances carefully, as
“not every employer who breaks the law is an evil opportunist”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 28–36.

42 The first issue to be taken with this line of argument is that it is not
the whole of the debates in Parliament that guides the interpretation of
statutory provisions. It is trite that the court shall prefer the
interpretation of a provision of a written law that would promote the purpose
or object underlying the written law: s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap
1, 2002 Rev Ed). To this end, s 9A(2), read with s 9A(1) and subject to s
9A(4), permits non-statutory material to be considered to confirm the meaning
of a provision, or to ascertain its meaning where the provision is ambiguous
or obscure, or where its ordinary meaning would lead to an absurd or
unreasonable result. Sections 9A(3)(c) and 9A(3)(d) allow for Parliamentary
debates to be considered as part of this analysis:

(3) Without limiting the generality of subsection (2), the material that may
be considered in accordance with that subsection in the interpretation of a
provision of a written law shall include —

(c) the speech made in Parliament by a Minister on the occasion of the moving
by that Minister of a motion that the Bill containing the provision be read a
second time in Parliament;

(d) any relevant material in any official record of debates in Parliament; …

43 The Court of Appeal in Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850
at [51] and [52] clarified the scope of s 9A and the relevance of
Parliamentary debates in assisting in the interpretation of statutes:

… [O]nly material that is capable of assisting in ascertaining the meaning of
the provision(s) by shedding light on the purpose of statute as a whole, or
where applicable, on the purpose of particular provision(s) in question,
should be referred to.

The extraneous material that is most commonly called in aid is the record of
the Parliamentary debates on the Bill containing the legislative provision in
question. … While the Parliamentary debates can often be a helpful source of
information about the relevant legislative purpose, this does not mean that
anything said in Parliament that could potentially touch on the purpose of the
legislative provision in question is relevant. … [I]t is worth reiterating the
following propositions…:

(a) The statements made in Parliament must be clear and unequivocal to be of
any real use.

(b) The court should guard against the danger of finding itself construing and
interpreting the statements made in Parliament rather than the legislative
provision that Parliament has enacted.

(c) Therefore, the statements in question should disclose the mischief
targeted by the enactment or the legislative intention lying behind any
ambiguous or obscure words. In other words, the statements should be directed
to the very point in question to be especially helpful.

[internal citations omitted; emphasis in original]

44 It is clear from this guidance that the courts may refer to Parliamentary
debates in order to determine the purpose or object of a statute or particular
provision. But not all speeches would serve this function. Where the speech
relied upon is by a MP, there should be some indication that the position
taken in the speech was adopted by the Government or the Minister moving the
Bill. In this case, Mr Zainudin’s speech does not assist the appellant; there
is no indication that Parliament adopted the position that the appellant put
forward to be the purpose of the EFMA. Seen in context, Mr Zainudin’s speech
did not express a view as to the purpose or object of the EFMA or its
provisions. Rather, he sought to raise his concerns that the 2012 amendments
might result in penalties that are too harsh. This was reflected in Mr Tan’s
response speech:

Let me address the concerns raised by various Members, including Mr Zainudin
Nordin, … that as MOM steps up enforcement against EFMA contraventions,
employers … may find it more challenging to operate. I would like to emphasise
that none … of the measures in this Bill are aimed at increasing the duties of
honest employers which make up the bulk of all employers. In fact, our
measures are aimed at helping to make sure that we level the playing field for
law-abiding employers by penalising unscrupulous competitors who under-cut
costs by bypassing the work pass framework.

45 It is worthwhile to bear in mind that determining the intention of
Parliament does not mean examining the subjective intention of those involved
in the drafting or the Parliamentary debates. In the words of Professor Andrew
Burrows (Andrew Burrows, The Hamlyn Lectures: Thinking About Statutes:
Interpretation, Interaction, Improvement (Cambridge University Press, 2018) at
p 15):

Plainly, [a reference to Parliamentary intention] cannot mean that we should
be looking at the actual subjective intentions of all those involved – the
Minister, the MPs, the Lords, the drafters, the bill team – because those
intentions cannot be practically ascertained, and, in any event, they are most
unlikely to coincide other than at a very general and unhelpful level. …

Professor Burrows advocates avoiding references to Parliamentary intention,
preferring a focus on the purpose of the legislation, but the use of
Parliamentary intention is perhaps too ingrained. What the excerpt does
underline is that while speeches of individual MPs are made as part of the
process of debate and deliberation, these are not generally relevant in
statutory interpretation by the courts unless they lead to or encapsulate the
purpose of the statute, through their adoption in an amendment to the Bill or
by the speeches of the Minister moving the Bill.

46 It is on this basis that I disagree with the appellant that the purpose of
the EFMA amendments was to allow for flexibility and leniency in the
sentencing of errant employers. Instead, the purpose of the EFMA amendments is
clearly set out in Mr Tan’s response speech as well as the legislative history
set out above: the amendments are targeted at increasing the deterrent effect
of penalties for employers who undermine the work pass framework.

47 For completeness, I address the appellant’s argument that the District
Judge erred in failing to consider that his actions were borne out of the
commercial pressures inherent to the construction industry. He made much of
the circumstances that he found himself in, citing previous defaults by Wan Fu
which prevented it from further hiring foreigners and how he subsequently
became caught in a spiral of financial difficulties. He further argued that he
had in fact shown a readiness to be responsible by covering payment defaults
by others and by personally paying approximately 300 of his workers. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 33–36.

48 In my view, none of these facts went to the question of the appropriate
starting point for his sentence. Employers who breach the law would presumably
either be those unperturbed by offending, or, more likely, those whose
financial circumstances give rise to the temptation to contravene the law. In
other words, financial pressures and financial incentives are the likely
background to the commission of most offences of this type, and would not be a
reason for a more lenient sentencing regime.

Deterrence as the predominant sentencing consideration

49 It follows from my analysis above that the predominant sentencing
consideration for an offence under s 22(1)(d) is deterrence. In this regard, I
endorse Chao JA’s statements in Lim Kopi at [10] and [11]: deterrence is
necessary to prevent the very object of the EFMA from being flagrantly
undermined. Any deception of public institutions which frustrates the aims of
the EFMA should not be condoned.

50 To this end, the appellant argued that a fine would have a sufficient
deterrent effect. While it is true that fines may be sufficiently deterrent in
some circumstances, it does not follow that what would be deterrent in one
situation would similarly be so for another. Where there is a significant
wider interest to be protected, and where economic benefits may give rise to
incentives to breach the law, a fine would not generally be enough to deter
would-be offenders.

51 In this case, breaching the work pass system would generally bring some
economic or financial advantage to the errant employer, who profits from not
paying the true costs of hiring foreign manpower. Additionally, the societal
interest to be protected, namely, the proper regulation of foreign manpower in
Singapore’s labour market and the protection of local workers and honest
employers, requires a heavy response outweighing any likely economic benefit
from the breach. I also take the view, as observed in the GD at [26], that the
payment of a financial penalty in the form of a fine may encourage potential
offenders to treat contraventions to be mere business costs.

52 In these circumstances, I conclude that a custodial sentence should be the
norm for offences under s 22(1)(d) of the EFMA. A fine would generally not be
sufficient punishment unless substantial mitigating factors are present.

The applicability of retribution as a sentencing consideration

53 The impact of contraventions of s 22(1)(d) is perhaps more diffused than
for other offences. But the impact on society and the frustration of policy
goals remain: breaches of s 22(1)(d) have knock-on effects on immigration
policy and the employment of foreigners. These factors point to an interest in
retribution as a sentencing principle, independent from deterrence. As the
High Court recognised in Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2006]
4 SLR(R) 653 at [21], the public interest may necessitate a custodial sentence
where the offence is serious and where retribution therefore applies. This
reasoning applies here: retribution also features as a sentencing
consideration for s 22(1)(d) offences, further justifying the imposition of a
custodial sentence as a starting point.

Comparison with other offences involving the giving of false statements to
public authorities

54 Parties considered the sentencing frameworks set out for offences under s
57(1)(k) of the Immigration Act and s 182 of the Penal Code. Section 57(1)(k)
read with s 57(1)(vi) of the Immigration Act states:

Any person who … by making a false statement obtains or attempts to obtain an
entry or a re-entry permit, pass, Singapore visa or certificate for himself or
for any other person; … shall be guilty of an offence and … shall be liable on
conviction to a fine not exceeding $4,000 or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 12 months or to both; …

Section 182 of the Penal Code states:

Whoever gives to any public servant any information which he knows or believes
to be false, intending thereby to cause, or knowing it to be likely that he
will thereby cause, such public servant to use the lawful power of such public
servant to the injury or annoyance of any person, or to do or omit anything
which such public servant ought not to do or omit if the true state of facts
respecting which such information is given were known by him, shall be
punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year, or with
fine which may extend to $5,000, or with both.

55 I accept the appellant’s argument that these provisions are not in para
materia with s 22(1)(d) of the EFMA. Indeed, Sundaresh Menon CJ in Idya
Nurhazlyn at [31] cautioned against referring to sentences meted out for
ostensibly similar offences under other provisions which carry their own
considerations. Care must be taken to ensure that the offences are analogous
in terms of both policy and punishment: at [30], citing Chan Sek Keong CJ in
Luong Thi Trang Hoang Kathleen v Public Prosecutor [2010] 1 SLR 707 at [14].

56 In the present case, I take the view that I am entitled to consider the
sentencing approaches and frameworks established in relation to s 57(1)(k) of
the Immigration Act and s 182 of the Penal Code. These offences are similar in
terms of policy: they are all concerned with the making of false statements to
public authorities. Parliament also considered as much, having referred to
these offences as informing the policy considerations behind the penalties for
EFMA contraventions (see above at [40]). Menon CJ also noted in Idya Nurhazlyn
at [33] that the Chowdhury framework may be usefully applied to offences under
other statutes involving false statements being made to a public authority, so
as to assess the seriousness of the particular offence and where in the
sentencing range the case should fall.

57 As will be demonstrated, imprisonment is generally imposed where an offence
implicates immigration policy (Chowhdury at [26]) and where the giving of
false information to public authorities caused or had the potential to cause
appreciable harm (Koh Yong Chiah at [62]). Fines are imposed for these
offences only exceptionally when special mitigating circumstances are present:
see Chowhdury at [27]; Koh Yong Chiah at [55].

Section 57(1)(k) of the Immigration Act

58 The sentencing approach towards offences under s 57(1)(k) read with s
57(1)(iv) of the IA 1997 was set out by Yong Pung How CJ in Chowdhury, which
involved an appellant charged with obtaining an employment pass by making a
false statement.

59 Yong CJ at [25] cited the legislative history of s 57 and noted that the
maximum punishment prescribed under s 57(1)(iv) was doubled in 1995 due to
concerns over the increase in offences of false representation. The Minister
for Home Affairs’ speech during the second reading of the Amendment Bill also
reflected Parliament’s intention to take a tougher stance against such
offences to stem illegal immigration in the wake of the then-economic
downturn. Deterrence was necessary: false representations made under s 57(1)
implicated Singapore’s immigration policies and the welfare of its citizen
employees. The imposition of custodial sentences would send a firm signal
deterring offences of gaining entrance to Singapore by deception. Fines would
only exceptionally be warranted; to economic migrants, fines might just
constitute the cost of breaking the law for personal profit: at [26]. Yong CJ
went on to explain the four considerations guiding the sentencing for offences
of false representation (at [28] to [31], and reproduced below at [67] and
[68]).

Section 182 of the Penal Code

60 In Koh Yong Chiah, the High Court refrained from doing more than giving
broad guidance as to the type of cases under s 182 that generally attract a
custodial sentence as a starting point, ie, cases where appreciable harm may
be caused: at [50] and [52]. Examples of appreciable harm resulting in
custodial terms include false allegations resulting in police reports against
innocent parties which create the risk of arrest and embarrassment, or cases
where false information causes a significant wastage of public resources: at
[54].

61 The High Court identified non-exhaustive factors that affect the degree and
harm of s 182 offences, which can be used to determine if the starting point
should be departed from and/or what the appropriate quantum of fine or
imprisonment term should be: at [56]. Factors relevant in assessing the level
of culpability include (at [43]):

(a) whether the offender knew or merely believed that the statement given was
false;

(b) whether the offender intended or merely knew it to be likely that the harm
would arise;

(c) whether the giving of false information was pre-meditated or planned, or
whether it was simply spontaneous;

(d) whether active, deliberate or sophisticated steps were taken by the
offender to bolster the deception and boost the chances of hoodwinking the
public authorities;

(e) the motive of the offender in giving the false information (malicious,
revenge, innocuous, or altruistic intention);

(f) whether the deception was perpetrated despite or in active defiance of a
warning not to lie;

(g) the number of times the lie was actively said;

(h) the number of people instigated or involved in the deception, and the
specific role played by the offender;

(i) whether the offender had exploited or exerted pressure on others in the
commission of the offence; and

(j) whether the offence is committed due to threat or pressure or fear of
another person, which is a mitigating factor.

Factors relevant to assessing the level of harm caused by the offence include
(at [44]):

(a) whether the false statement was recanted, and if so, after how long;

(b) the gravity of the predicate offence which the offender seeks to avoid or
help another avoid;

(c) the investigative resources unnecessarily expended;

(d) the extent to which the innocent victims were affected, how many victims
were affected, and the seriousness of the falsely-alleged crime; and

(e) whether the offender obtained a financial advantage from the commission of
the offence.

Calibrating the sentencing framework

62 Based on the above considerations, a custodial sentence should be the
starting point for offences under s 22(1)(d) of the EFMA, given the
legislative objectives of the EFMA in maintaining the integrity of the
Singaporean workforce, the resultant need for deterrence to prevent
circumventions of the work pass framework, and the seriousness and prevalence
of such offences.

63 I agree with the amicus and the Prosecution that the length of the sentence
should be calibrated using the “two-step sentencing bands” approach. Offences
under s 22(1)(d) may involve a wide variety of factual circumstances, and the
identification of “principal factual elements” may prove unduly restrictive.
To this end, I adopt the Prosecution’s proposed sentencing bands, as
reproduced at [25] above, which define the range of sentences which may
usually be imposed for a case engaging certain offence-specific factors. In
preferring the Prosecution’s sentencing framework to the amicus’s, I make
three observations.

64 First, the main difference between the two sentencing frameworks lay in the
range of sentences falling into each sentencing band. The amicus’s framework
utilised a linear distribution of sentences: each band spanned a range of
eight months’ imprisonment. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Young amicus curiae’s submissions at para 64.

Bands 1 to 3 under the Prosecution’s framework encompassed sentencing ranges
with widths of less than five months, ten months and nine months’ imprisonment
respectively. The Prosecution explained in its oral submissions that shorter
sentences are sufficient in Band 1 cases where only one or very few offence-
specific factors are present. I am persuaded by this reasoning, with the
qualification that there may come a time after a corpus of precedents has been
built up following the present case when the courts may consider the need to
recalibrate the appropriate sentencing ranges for each band.

65 Second, the Prosecution limited its sentencing framework to s 22(1)(d)
false declaration offences that involve work pass applications or renewals. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 49.

Section 22(1)(d) covers the giving of false information “in connection with
any application … for any … purpose under this Act”. The text of the provision
does not limit it to applications in connection with work pass applications or
renewals. As the policy considerations identified in the present case may not
apply so keenly in other scenarios, I agree with the Prosecution that the
sentencing approach in non-work pass cases should be left open to a future
court to decide.

66 Finally, the Prosecution’s sentencing framework only covered natural
persons. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 68.

In my view, it is presently unnecessary to revisit the approach towards
corporate offenders, which has already been set out in Lim Kopi.

67 Moving to the sentencing framework proper, the court is to consider the
following non-exhaustive offence-specific factors at the first stage:

(a) the materiality of the false representation on the mind of the decision-
maker (Chowdhury at [28]) – the greater the impact of the falsehood in
inducing the grant of the application, the more severe the sentence imposed;

(b) the nature, sophistication and extent of the deception (Chowdhury at [29])
– more severe punishment is merited if the applicant went to greater lengths
to deceive or if he acted in conscious defiance of public authorities;

(c) the consequences of the deception (Chowdhury at [30]) – the court may
consider the extent to which harm was caused to foreign workers by way of
exploitation, the wastage of resources by public authorities in uncovering the
deception, whether a potentially better-qualified applicant was deprived of
the job opportunity, or whether the offender put others at risk of adverse
consequences by performing a job without the requisite skills;

(d) whether a transnational element was present and/or whether the offence was
committed as part of a criminal syndicate’s operations;

(e) the specific role played by the offender, and, relatedly, the number of
people involved in the furnishing of false information;

(f) whether the offender obtained gains (financial or otherwise) from the
commission of the offence; and

(g) the motive of the offender in circumventing the work pass framework, eg,
for vice or criminal activities.

Once the gravity of the offence has been ascertained based on these factors,
the court places the offence within an appropriate band.

68 At the second stage, the court is to take into account the “offender-
specific factors”, ie, the personal mitigating factors applicable to the
offender (Chowdhury at [31]). This could relate to his character, personal
attributes, expression of remorse, and cooperation with the authorities. It is
envisioned that a fine might be appropriate where strong personal mitigating
factors are present.

69 Finally, I agree with the Prosecution 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 67.

that it would be appropriate for the court to consider imposing confiscatory
fines in addition to an imprisonment term to disgorge at least some of the
profits the offender may have made from his illegal behaviour: Koh Jaw Hung v
Public Prosecutor [2019] 3 SLR 516 at [43], citing Poh Boon Kiat v Public
Prosecutor [2014] 4 SLR 892 at [77] to [78]. While these two cases concerned
vice-related offences under the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed), the
same principle that an offender should not be allowed to profit from his
illegal behaviour applies to s 22(1)(d) cases as well.

Issue 2: Whether the doctrine of prospective overruling applies

70 The appellant argued that even if a new sentencing framework is adopted,
the doctrine of prospective overruling would apply such that he should not be
sentenced under this new sentencing framework. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 97–102.

The Prosecution disagreed, citing Adri Anton Kalangie v Public Prosecutor
[2018] 2 SLR 557 (“Adri Anton Kalangie”) at [39], [40] and [43], which
emphasised that judicial pronouncements are by default retroactive in nature,
and that the court’s discretion to restrict the retroactive effects of their
pronouncements should only be exceptionally invoked where it is necessary to
avoid serious and demonstrable injustice. The Prosecution argued that this
high threshold had not been met in the present case. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Prosecution’s submissions at paras 86–92.

71 The High Court in Public Prosecutor v Hue An Li [2014] 4 SLR 661 at [124]
and [125], cited in Adri Anton Kalangie at [32] and [33], set out four factors
that guide the exercise of the appellant courts’ discretion to restrict the
retroactive effect of their pronouncements: (a) the extent to which the law or
legal principle concerned is entrenched, (b) the extent of the change to the
law, (c) the extent to which the change to the law is foreseeable, and (d) the
extent of reliance on the law or legal principle concerned. No one factor is
preponderant over any other, and no one factor must necessarily be established
before prospective overruling can be invoked in a particular case.

72 The appellant submitted that all four factors militating the invocation of
the doctrine of prospective overruling are present. I disagree: contrary to
what was argued by the appellant, there was hitherto no settled understanding
of the law that had been entrenched, that the present sentencing framework
constitutes an unforeseeable change thereof, or that could have been relied
upon. As I explained above at [28] to [31], the courts have not previously
taken a consistent line as to sentencing. Indeed, the Prosecution pointed
towards cases where custodial terms have been imposed for offences under s
22(1)(d) of the EFMA. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Prosecution’s submissions at paras 82–85.

73 Regardless, the present case involved facts which warranted a stern
response by the law: (a) Tan’s false representation to the WPD was material;
(b) the deception by Tan and the appellant was consciously and deliberately
planned and difficult to detect; (c) the deception was maintained for five to
six months for each foreign employee; and (d) Wan Fu gained an economic
advantage through the deception, and was able to hire foreign employees at a
lower cost as a result. It is further relevant that Wan Fu was specifically
precluded from hiring foreign employees due to its previous episodes of levy
defaults; the appellant and Tan’s deceptions were thus calculated specifically
to circumvent the work pass framework to obtain foreign manpower they knew
they were not entitled to. In these circumstances, the custodial threshold
would have been crossed even on the prevailing sentencing precedents.

Issue 3: Application of the sentencing framework to the present case

74 Applying the sentencing framework which I have endorsed, and considering
the factors raised above at [73], I am satisfied that the sentences imposed by
the District Judge are appropriate.

75 As the Prosecution argued, this was a case that fell within the middle
range of Band 1, with four offence-specific factors being present. An
indicative starting point of two months’ imprisonment applies. A slight
sentencing discount is warranted, given the appellant’s plea of guilty and
cooperation with the authorities, but aggravating weight is to be attributed
to the two similar charges taken into consideration for the purposes of
sentencing.

76 In these circumstances, sentences of six weeks’ imprisonment for each
charge are consistent with the sentencing framework articulated. It is also
appropriate for two of the three imprisonment terms to run consecutively for a
total of 12 weeks’ imprisonment in total.

Conclusion

77 For these reasons, I dismiss the appeal and uphold the District Judge’s
decision to impose an aggregate sentence of a term of imprisonment of 12
weeks’ imprisonment for the three charges under s 22(1)(d) of the EFMA, read
with s 23(1) and punishable under s 22(1)(ii) of the EFMA. I note my
appreciation to the parties and the amicus for their helpful submissions.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Chai Ming Kheong, Hoo Ann Qi, Persis and Soh Hao Han, Benjamin (JC Law Asia
LLC) for the appellant;  
Teo Lu Jia (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent;  
Chen Zhida (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) as young amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

