Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 226

Criminal Case No 16 of 2017

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
  
And

| Parthiban Kanapathy  
---|---  
  
Judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Statements] — [Error in translation]  
  
[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Statements] — [Accuracy of statements]
— [Ancillary hearings]  

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act] — [Chain of
custody]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Parthiban Kanapathy

[2019] SGHC 226

High Court — Criminal Case No 16 of 2017  
Chan Seng Onn J  
14-15, 21-23 February 2017, 26, 28 February 2019, 14 May 2019, 5 August 2019;
23 August 2019

24 September 2019 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 Parthiban Kanapathy (“the accused”), is a 28 year-old Malaysian male. In the
first tranche of hearings before me in February 2017, the accused, together
with one Muneeshwar Subramaniam (“Muneeshwar”), faced capital charges relating
to the importation of not less than 24.95g of diamorphine on 4 February 2012
at or about 2.29 pm, at Woodlands Checkpoint, Singapore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Charge Sheet (8 February 2017); Prosecution’s Opening Address at paras 2 to 3.

2 Prior to the second tranche of hearings in February 2019, the Prosecution
applied for, and the court granted, a Discharge Not Amounting to an Acquittal
for Muneeshwar. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Minute Sheet (23 November 2018, 9.45am).

3 At the commencement of the second tranche of hearings in February 2019, the
Prosecution unconditionally reduced the accused’s capital charge to a non-
capital one involving the importation of not less than 14.99g of diamorphine
(“the amended charge”), an offence under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), punishable under s 33(1) read with the Second
Schedule of the MDA. The amended charge reads as follows:

… on 4th February 2012 at or about 2.29 p.m., at Woodlands Checkpoint,
Singapore, on a Malaysia[n] registered motorcycle bearing registration no.
WUQ4810, did import a controlled dug specified in Class A of the First
Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, four (4) packets of
granular/powdery substance weighing 916.6 grams which was analysed and found
to contain not less than 14.99 grams of diamorphine, at the said place,
without authorisation under the said Act or the Regulations made thereunder,
and you have thereby committed an offence under section 7 of the Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) punishable under section 33(1) read with the
Second Schedule of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Charge sheet (amended) at p 1.

4 Apart from the reduction in the amount of diamorphine, the subject matter of
the charge remained unchanged. A further fresh charge relating to the
accused’s attempt to obstruct the course of justice was tendered, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Charge sheet (amended) at p 2.

and stood down. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Notes of Evidence (“NEs”) (26 Feb 2019), p 1, lines 18 to 20 (Transcripts p
450).

5 The accused elected to claim trial to the amended charge. While the accused
chose to remain silent at the close of the Prosecution’s case and after his
defence was called, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NEs (28 Feb 2019), p 27, lines 25 to 28 (Transcripts p 547).

the central crux of his defence was that the four packets of drugs analysed by
the Health and Sciences Authority (“HSA”) were not the same packets which he
had been arrested with. In other words, the accused disputed the integrity of
the chain of custody of the packets of drugs.

The accused’s statements

6 Before turning to the chain of custody, it is however appropriate to
consider the three statements proffered by the accused, which admissibility
and contents are significant for making out the elements of the amended charge
against him. If the charge against the accused is not proven beyond a
reasonable doubt, the accused will not be convicted in any event, and it will
no longer be necessary to consider questions relating to the chain of custody
of the drug exhibits.

The 4 February 2012 statement

7 On 4 February 2012 at about 4.00pm, shortly after the accused had been
detained at Woodlands Checkpoint for being found with four packets which were
suspected to contain drugs, Staff Sergeant S V Thilakanand 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

For full name, see Agreed Bundle (“AB”) p 346.

(“SSgt Thilakanand”) recorded a contemporaneous statement of the accused (“the
4 February 2012 statement”), in which the accused chose to speak in Tamil. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB p 173.

8 In the 4 February 2012 statement, SSgt Thilakanand, who spoke to the accused
in Tamil, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NEs (15 Feb 2017) at p 4 line 18.

recorded that the accused had identified the four packets as “[d]rugs”, and
that the drugs belonged to one “Gandu”, who told him to place the four packets
“at a grass patch near the Woodlands Mosque” for some person unknown to the
accused to collect. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB p 173, Q1 to A4.

The accused claimed that he would be paid RM200 for delivering the drugs, and
that it was his second time making such a delivery. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB p 173, Q5 to A7.

9 The 4 February 2012 statement, which was recorded in English, was then read
over by SSgt Thilakanand to the accused in Tamil, and the accused was invited
to make corrections, additions or deletions, if any, to the statement. The
accused declined the offer. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB p 174.

The cautioned statement

10 On 4 February 2012, at about 11.40pm, the accused was served with a charge
of importing approximately 913.98g of granular substances, which were believed
to contain diamorphine. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB p 296.

11 On 5 February 2012, at about 12.12am, after the charge and the notice of
warning pursuant to s 23 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”) were read in Tamil to the accused by his interpreter, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB pp 297 – 298.

Mr V I Ramanathan (“Mr Ramanathan”), the accused gave his statement in
relation to the charge (“the cautioned statement”).

12 In the cautioned statement, the accused stated that he was formerly working
in McDonald’s Singapore, and that he had lost his job in December 2011.
Thereafter, he was influenced by his friends that he could “make great money
by importing drugs into Singapore”, and he was thus tempted to do so. He was
later “told by the giver that [he] was bringing in drugs but [the giver] did
not specify what the drugs were.” 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AB p 299.

13 The accused then pleaded for leniency, and the statement was then read back
to him in Tamil by Mr Ramanathan. The accused once again declined to make any
corrections, alterations or additions to the statement. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AB p 300.

The 5 February 2012 statement

14 After the cautioned statement was recorded, on 5 February 2012, at about
2.05pm, Inspector Ong Wee Kwang (“Insp Ong”) recorded a further statement from
the accused (“the 5 February 2012 statement”), with Mr Ramanathan again
serving as his Tamil interpreter since he elected to give his statement in the
Tamil language. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AB p 301.

15 In the 5 February 2012 statement, the accused gave further details of his
delivery for Gandu, as alluded to in his 4 February 2012 statement.

16 In December 2011, after the accused had lost his job with McDonald’s
Singapore, he met Gandu, whom he had previously befriended at a Deepavali
function, at a food stall in Johor, Malaysia. The accused asked Gandu if he
could help him find a job. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AB p 302, para 6.

17 Around the third week of January 2012, Gandu called the accused and told
him “to deliver Milo into Singapore and throw it near a mosque at Woodlands”.
For the job, the accused would be paid RM200. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AB p 302, para 7.

While the accused wondered why Gandu could not do the delivery himself as
“Woodlands is so close by from Johor”, he did not ask any questions given the
remuneration offered. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB p 303, para 7.

18 The accused then met Gandu at Pelangi, Johor, and Gandu passed the accused
four small packets wrapped with newspapers and cellophane tape. Gandu informed
the accused that the “four packets [were] drugs but in Singapore it is known
as ‘Milo’”. The accused then hid the four packets in the air filter box of his
motorcycle. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AB p 303, para 8.

19 Subsequently, the accused rode his motorcycle into Singapore through the
Woodlands Checkpoint to the mosque which he had been directed to. He then
found a secluded bus stop. There, he “quickly took out the drugs that were
hidden in the air filter box”, put the four packets into a plastic bag, tied
up the plastic bag, and then threw it on the grass near the mosque. After
returning to Johor, the accused called Gandu, who met him and gave him RM200
for the job done. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AB p 303, para 9.

20 On 4 February 2012, being the day of his arrest, the accused again received
a call from Gandu at about 11am. Gandu told him that there were similar items
which had to be delivered to Singapore, and that the accused would again be
paid RM200 to make the delivery “just like what [he] did the last time”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AB p 303, para 10.

The accused subsequently met Gandu in an old unoccupied house in Pelangi,
Johor. Inside the house, Gandu handed four packets to the accused. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AB p 303, para 11.

21 The accused then hid the four packets in the air filter box of his
motorcycle, as he had done in the previous delivery for Gandu. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AB p 304, para 12.

At about 2.15pm, the accused entered the Woodlands Checkpoint on his
motorcycle. After the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”) officer
checked his passport, she asked him to park his motorcycle on one side, and he
“became tensed and upset but [he] did not show it”. The officer also asked for
his motorcycle key, and he passed it to her. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AB p 304, para 13.

22 While nothing incriminating was initially found on his motorcycle, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AB p 304, para 14.

the fender to his motorcycle was eventually opened, revealing the four packets
which were hidden in the air filter compartment of the motorcycle. All this
was done in the accused’s presence. One officer then asked the accused if the
four packets were drugs, to which he responded “[y]es that’s drugs but I do
not know what kind of drugs they are” in English. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AB p 304, para 15.

23 After that, one officer took a statement from the accused in Tamil. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AB p 304, para 16.

Later, after Insp Ong arrived, the four packets were opened in the accused’s
presence, and photographs of the packets were taken. The accused was then
shown the drug exhibits which were inside the four packets, and he again
stated that while he knew they were drugs, he did not know what type of drugs
they were. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AB p 304, para 17.

24 Finally, the accused stated that he was sorry and remorseful, and that he
wished to be sent back to Malaysia as early as possible. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AB p 307, para 21.

The entire 5 February 2012 statement was then read back to the accused in
Tamil, and he once again declined to make any further changes or deletions. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AB p 307.

Marked consistency in the statements

25 Reading the 4 February 2012 statement, the cautioned statement, and the 5
February 2012 statement collectively (“the three statements”), the accused
clearly admitted to having previously delivered packets of drugs for Gandu. On
the fateful day of his arrest, the accused again attempted to repeat his modus
operandi of delivering the drugs for Gandu by hiding the four packets in the
air filter box of his motorcycle. However, he could not complete his delivery
as he had been stopped while crossing the Woodlands Checkpoint. Notably, the
accused consistently stated that while he knew that the packets which he was
delivering were drugs, he did not know what type of drugs they were.

26 The accused’s statements were markedly consistent, even in relation to
aspects which did not relate to the drug delivery. For example, in both his 4
February 2012 and 5 February 2012 statements, the accused stated that he had
lost his job with McDonald’s Singapore sometime in December 2012. In both
statements, he also stated that he would be paid RM200 for each delivery of
the packets of drugs, and that 4 February 2012 was the second time he was
making such a delivery for Gandu.

Accuracy of all the three statements and voluntariness of the cautioned
statement are challenged

27 During the first tranche of hearings before me, the accused challenged the
accuracy of all three statements. In substance, he claimed that he had never
said that the four packets which he had been arrested with were drugs. Rather,
he had used the Tamil term for pills, “mathirei”, and the interpreters had
misunderstood him and taken it to mean drugs instead. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AB p 329, para 7.

The three statements were given in Tamil, and interpreted by two people: the 4
February 2012 statement was taken and interpreted by SSgt Thilakanand, while
the cautioned statement and the 5 February 2012 statement were interpreted by
Mr Ramanathan.

28 Apart from the accuracy of the interpretation provided by SSgt Thilakanand
and Mr Ramanathan, the accused also alleged that he had been threatened by Mr
Ramanathan prior to the taking of his cautioned statement.

Calling of ancillary hearing when accuracy of statement is challenged

29 Before considering the accuracy and admissibility of the statements, I make
a few observations about the calling of an ancillary hearing when the
accuracy, but not the admissibility of a statement is challenged during the
course of a criminal proceeding.

30 Section 279(1) of the CPC provides that:

Subject to this Code and any other written law relating to the admissibility
of evidence, where any party objects to the admissibility of any statement
made by that party or any other evidence which the other party to the case
intends to tender at any stage of the trial, the court must determine it
separately at an ancillary hearing before continuing with the trial.

31 This section of the CPC is often utilised to hold an ancillary hearing when
an accused “alleges that the statement was given involuntarily as a result of
a threat, inducement or promise” (Illustration (c) to s 279(1) of the CPC). In
a similar vein, Illustration (d) to s 279(1) of the CPC states that where an
accused “denies that he made” a statement sought to be admitted, “[n]o
ancillary hearing is necessary as this does not relate to the voluntariness of
the statement”. Read together with Illustration (c), it appears that s 279(1)
of the CPC ought to be invoked only when the voluntariness of a statement
sought to be admitted is challenged.

32 However, Illustration (a) to s 279(1) of the CPC shows that when it is
suggested that a tape recording sought to be admitted has been tampered with,
an ancillary hearing must first be held to determine if the tape had in fact
been tampered with. A tape recording is one of the possible modes which may be
utilised to record an accused’s statement. Nonetheless, in reality, most
accused statements (if not all of them) are not tape recorded, but are instead
signed written statements obtained from the accused. Be that as it may, by way
of an analogy with Illustration (a), if the accused disputes that (i) his
written statement sought to be admitted by the Prosecution has been wrongly or
erroneously translated or recorded; or (ii) the written statement as recorded
is not his statement but a statement that, unknown to him at the time of
penning down his signatures on various parts of the statement, has been
fabricated by the recording officer, then an ancillary hearing must be held to
determine if the statement has in fact been so tampered with. In other words,
an ancillary hearing must be held to ascertain the accuracy and/or
authenticity of the recorded statement that is purported to be the accused’s
statement. If what is recorded as a written statement is determined during the
ancillary hearing to be inaccurate or fabricated, then it should not be
admitted into evidence.

33 It makes good sense that an ancillary hearing ought to be called when the
accuracy and/or authenticity of a statement is being challenged, even if the
accused does not explicitly challenge the voluntariness and/or admissibility
of the said statement. In Haw Tua Tau and others v Public Prosecutor
[1981–1982] SLR(R) 133 at [17], it was held that the following principles
apply to determine if an accused ought to be called upon to give his defence
(see also s 230 of the CPC):

… At the conclusion of the Prosecution’s case …, the judge must consider
whether there is some evidence (not inherently incredible) which, if he were
to accept it as accurate, would establish each essential element in the
alleged offence. If such evidence as respects any of those essential elements
is lacking, then, and then only, is he justified in finding “that no case
against the accused has been made out which if unrebutted would warrant his
conviction”, within the meaning of s 188(1). Where he has not so found, he
must call upon the accused to enter upon his defence …

34 Considering the above principles, unless and until the part of the recorded
statement alleged to be inaccurate or inauthentic is determined to be accurate
and authentic at the conclusion of an ancillary hearing, it is obvious that it
ought not to be considered as part of the Prosecution’s evidence from which
the court will decide whether the accused is to be called upon to enter his
defence. Otherwise, an inaccurate statement could erroneously form the basis
for a judge to call upon an accused to enter his defence.

35 More importantly, having an ancillary hearing allows the accused to step
into the witness box to give evidence on oath and challenge the accuracy
and/or authenticity of the recorded statements purported to be his statements
before the close of the Prosecution’s case, without sacrificing his right to
remain silent should the court later decide to call for his defence at the
close of the Prosecution’s case.

36 The difference here is not simply academic. If issues of accuracy and/or
authenticity of the accused’s statement are treated strictly as a part of the
main trial (ie, no ancillary hearing is to be held to determine these issues
first because they do not involve the question of the voluntariness of the
accused’s statement), then the accused will not have the opportunity to give
evidence on oath in the witness box to challenge the accuracy and/or
authenticity of the statements until after his defence is called and he
decides to testify on oath. What if he chooses to remain silent? By choosing
to remain silent after his defence is called, the accused will have lost the
opportunity to dispute the accuracy and/or authenticity of the accused’s
statement tendered as part of the Prosecution’s case.

37 A straightforward reply may be that the accused ought therefore to elect to
give his defence should he wish to challenge the accuracy of the statements
utilised against him. However, the moment he steps into the witness box, the
accused will be liable to cross-examination even on matters unrelated to the
accuracy of the statements, even if his original intention is to remain silent
and not give any evidence on matters in relation to the commission of the
alleged offence after his defence is called by the court. As such, if there is
no prior ancillary hearing to determine the accuracy or authenticity of the
accused’s statements which are tendered by the Prosecution as part of its
case, the accused’s right to elect to remain silent is to that extent
constrained. Section 230(1)(m) of the CPC, which contains the caution to be
given to an accused when the court considers that the Prosecution has made out
a case against the accused based on “some evidence, not inherently incredible”
merely proscribes that the accused could be subject to adverse inferences
should he elect not to give evidence in his own defence for the main trial
proper. There is no prescription that he will also lose the right to challenge
the accuracy and/or authenticity of the statements. In fact, disputed evidence
on the accuracy, authenticity and voluntariness of statements are satellite
matters that have no bearing on the main trial proper, which serves to
determine whether the ingredients of the offence have been proven beyond a
reasonable doubt. Logically, any statement (or part thereof) of the accused
that is involuntarily made, inaccurately recorded or not an authentic
statement should not be admitted and the Prosecution cannot rely on its
contents to establish its case. The only way to achieve this is to allow the
accused to testify to these satellite matters in a separate standalone
ancillary hearing.

38 In my view, s 279(1) of the CPC thus addresses this procedural problem by
requiring an ancillary hearing to be held to determine any disputed issues
concerning the accuracy and/or authenticity of the statements recorded from
the accused before the case for the Prosecution is completed. In this regard,
I note that Illustration (d) to s 279(1) of the CPC merely states that “[n]o
ancillary hearing is necessary” [emphasis added] when the challenge does not
relate to the voluntariness of the statement. While it is not necessary, I
find that it would be good practice to call for an ancillary hearing to
determine the accuracy and/or authenticity of any statement, in particular as
the liberty of the accused may very well depend on whether those parts of the
statement disputed by the accused as being accurate or authentic are admitted
and relied on by the Prosecution after their admission.

39 For these reasons, I heard all the evidence in relation to the accuracy and
voluntariness of the statements from both the Prosecution’s witnesses and the
accused in an ancillary hearing, which took place before the conclusion of the
Prosecution’s case. The accused was given every opportunity to give evidence
in the witness box while on oath to challenge both the accuracy and
voluntariness of the recorded statements during the ancillary hearing.

40 Having heard the evidence in the ancillary hearing, I found the accused’s
allegations regarding the accuracy and voluntariness of the statements to be
wholly unfounded. Accordingly, I accepted that the interpretations provided by
SSgt Thilakanand and Mr Ramanathan were not erroneous and that the statements
were accurately recorded in English. I also admitted the cautioned statement,
which voluntariness was challenged, into evidence.

41 I turn first to consider the accused’s allegations in relation to the
accuracy of the recording of the three statements before I consider the
involuntariness of the cautioned statement.

The accuracy of the interpretation and the recording of the statements in
English

42 As explained above, the accused’s main gripe with the three statements was
that the interpreters (namely SSgt Thilakanand and Mr Ramanathan) had
misinterpreted his use of the Tamil term for pills as drugs.

(1) Means of recording the statements

(A) The 4 February 2012 statement

43 SSgt Thilakanand, a proficient Tamil speaker who studied the Tamil language
up to the “O” Levels and conversed in Tamil in his daily life, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NEs (15 Feb 2017) at p 10, lines 8 – 20.

was the recorder of the statement given by the accused on 4 February 2012. In
giving the statement, the accused chose to speak in Tamil, which SSgt
Thilakanand recorded in English. The statement was recorded in the presence of
SSgt Kum Chin Siang (“SSgt Kum”), although SSgt Kum did not understand Tamil.
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AB p 173; NEs (15 Feb 2017) at p 48 lines 1 – 10.

44 When recording the statement, SSgt Thilakanand would first write the
question to be asked on paper in English. Thereafter, he would ask the accused
the question in Tamil, before recording in English on the same piece of paper
the answers given by the accused in Tamil as was understood by him. SSgt
Thilakanand repeated this process for each of the eight questions he asked the
accused. After recording the eight questions and answers in English, SSgt
Thilakanand then read all the questions and answers back to the accused in
Tamil, who then appended his signature next to each answer. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NEs (15 Feb 2017) at p 3 line 29 to p 4 line 18 and p 60 at lines 3 – 9; AB p
173.

(B) The cautioned statement and 5 February 2012 statement

45 The cautioned statement and 5 February 2012 statement were recorded by Insp
Ong, with Mr Ramanathan, a freelance Tamil interpreter with about 40 years’
experience, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NEs (21 Feb 2017) at p 91, lines 22 – 29 and p 95, lines 24 – 25.

serving as the interpreter as the accused again elected to give his statements
in Tamil.

46 Prior to recording both statements, Insp Ong introduced Mr Ramanathan as
the accused’s interpreter; on both occasions, the accused had no objections to
Mr Ramanathan serving as his interpreter. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AB p 353, para 3, p 347, para 3 and p 349, para 13.

47 In relation to the cautioned statement, Insp Ong first read out and
explained the charge under s 7 of the MDA to the accused in English, which Mr
Ramanathan then interpreted to the accused in Tamil. The accused confirmed his
understanding of the nature and consequences of the charge, and signed below
the charge. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AB p 353, para 4, pp 347 – 348, para 4 and pp 297 – 298.

Thereafter, Insp Ong read the notice of warning to the accused in English, and
Mr Ramanathan then interpreted the notice of warning to the accused in Tamil.
The accused again confirmed his understanding of the notice of warning, and
appended his signature below the notice of warning. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AB p 354, para 6, p 348, para 5 and p 298.

The accused then gave his cautioned statement in Tamil, which Mr Ramanathan
interpreted to Insp Ong in English. The cautioned statement was recorded in
English, and Mr Ramanathan interpreted the recorded cautioned statement back
to the accused. The accused declined to make any changes to the recorded
cautioned statement, and instead appended his signature below the statement.
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AB p 354, paras 8 – 9, p 349, paras 8 – 9 and pp 299 – 300.

48 As for the 5 February 2012 statement, the accused volunteered his version
of events (see [14]–[24] above) “in a mix of Tamil and English”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AB p 350, para 14.

Insp Ong then read the statement to the accused in English, before Mr
Ramanathan interpreted the same statement to the accused in Tamil. The accused
then declined to make any amendments to the statement, and instead signed at
the bottom of each page of the statement. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AB p 355, para 14, p 350, para 14 and pp 301 – 307.

(2) Alleged inaccuracy

49 Clearly, there was ample opportunity for the accused to dispute the
accuracy of the interpretation when the statements were being recorded.
Instead of disputing their accuracy, the accused appended his signature below
the statements after they had been read back to him for his confirmation.

50 Yet, much was made of the fact during the cross-examination of the
Prosecution’s witnesses at the ancillary hearing that the accused had said
“mathirei”, which means pills in Tamil, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NEs (15 Feb 2017) at p 22, lines 23 – 32; NEs (22 Feb 2017) at p 10, line 10.

instead of “bothai porul”, which means drugs in Tamil, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NEs (22 Feb 2017) at p 11, lines 30 – 31.

when describing the packets containing the drugs to the respective officers
who recorded his statements.

51 When questioned on the stand, SSgt Thilakanand was firm that, in giving his
4 February 2012 statement, the accused had described the four packets with the
English word “drugs”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NEs (15 Feb 2017) at p 8, line 11 and p 21, lines 14 – 20.

This appears to contradict the line in the 4 February 2012 statement, whereby
it was recorded that the “[a]ccused chose to speak in Tamil.” 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

See AB p 173.

Faced with this apparent contradiction during cross-examination, SSgt
Thilakanand explained:

Q But why didn’t you in this case, with respect to your conditioned statement
and your evidence, say that this statement was recorded in a mixture of Tamil
and English.

A Your Honour---

Q He used the English word, the main English word, right, “drugs”. Why?

A Because I asked him what language he wants to speak, Your Honour, he said
Tamil. So our conversation was---was in Tamil, Your Honour. But one word he
actually used, er, which is quite common, he used was “drugs”. So it is like,
you know, quite easy to use “drugs” whether in Tamil you want to use like
“bothai porul”. So I took it as it is, Your Honour.

52 Hence, SSgt Thilakanand’s evidence was that while the accused’s 4 February
2012 statement was predominantly given in Tamil, the accused had used the
English word “drugs” when describing the four packets of drugs.

53 In contrast, Mr Ramanathan said that the accused had specifically used the
Tamil words “bothai porul” when describing the four packets of drugs in his
cautioned statement and 5 February 2012 statement. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NEs (22 Feb 2017) p 17 at line 18.

54 The contradiction between SSgt Thilakanand’s and Mr Ramanathan’s evidence
appears to lend some credence to the accused’s evidence that he had in fact
described the packets as “mathirei”. However, viewing the evidence given at
the ancillary hearing in its totality, I am satisfied beyond a reasonable
doubt that the accused had himself used the English word “drugs” and the Tamil
words “bothai porul” during the recording of his respective statements and
there had thus been no inaccuracy in translation as he had never used the
Tamil word “mathirei” to describe the four packets.

(3) No inaccuracy in translation

55 Preliminarily, it is highly plausible for the accused to have vacillated
between the English and Tamil words for drugs. The accused himself gave
evidence that while he spoke Tamil at home, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NEs (22 Feb 2017) at p 34, line 2.

he understood a little bit of English at the time of his arrest. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NEs (22 Feb 2017) at p 34, line 14.

Significantly, in his 5 February 2012 statement (interpreted by Mr
Ramanathan), the accused explicitly said that the following exchange occurred
between himself and the officers who had discovered the drugs hidden inside
the air filter compartment of the motorcycle on 4 February 2012: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AB p 305, para 15.

After that three ICA officers in uniform then opened up the fender with my
screwdriver and their own screwdriver and then they found the packets which I
had hidden inside the air filter compartment. It was all done in my presence
and I could see what they were doing. Once the officers saw this, I was
immediately handcuffed and one of the officers, I cannot remember who, asked
me if the packets were drugs. I said “Yes that’s drugs but I do not know what
kind of drugs they are”. I said this to the officers in English. These were my
exact words. After that they did further search on the motorcycle but did not
find anything else incriminating … [emphasis added]

56 The dispute in relation to the alleged misinterpretation did not arise
until 25 November 2013, when the accused’s counsel at that time wrote to Insp
Ong saying that the accused had informed them that “some portions in our
client’s statements … were incorrect”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Exhibit D1, para 3a.

There is nothing to suggest that after Insp Ong was informed by the accused’s
counsel of inaccuracies in the accused’s statements, the much earlier 5
February 2012 statement was in any way physically tampered with or altered to
lend support to SSgt Thilakanand’s account that the accused had in fact
described the packets by using the English word “drugs” in his 4 February 2012
statement. Accordingly, that SSgt Thilakanand testified that the accused had
used the English word “drugs” while Mr Ramanathan testified that the accused
had used the Tamil words “bothai porul” (each corroborating the other in the
sense that both words used by the accused as heard by them did not relate to
any “pills”) does not lend any credence to the accused’s account that they had
both misinterpreted him when he had in fact said “mathirei” to both of them.

57 With the issue of the differing languages used by the accused to describe
the drugs disposed of, I turn to my reasons as to why there were no
inaccuracies in both SSgt Thilakanand and Mr Ramanathan’s translations,
contrary to the accused’s allegation.

58 First, I do not think that it is at all likely for SSgt Thilakanand to have
misheard the English word “drugs” if the accused had in fact said “pills” or
“mathirei” to him. The pronunciation of “pills” and even more so “mathirei”
sound so audibly different from “drugs” that it is most unlikely that SSgt
Thilakanand could have misheard what the accused had said. There is also no
allegation that SSgt Thilakanand’s Tamil is so poor that he had wrongly
understood the word “mathirei” to mean “drugs” such that when he allegedly
heard the accused mention “mathirei”, he wrote down in English the word
“drugs” instead. Neither is there any allegation that SSgt Thilakanand had
been dishonest in that he had in fact heard the accused say “mathirei” or
“pills” but had deliberately inserted “drugs” in the 4 February 2012 statement
recorded by him. If SSgt Thilakanand had done that, it would amount to a
fabrication of this part of the accused’s statement recorded in English by
him.

59 Second, although Mr Ramanathan is an elderly gentleman, I note that he did
not exhibit any difficulty with hearing when he appeared as a witness wearing
his hearing aids. Furthermore, the pronunciations in Tamil of “bothai porul”
for drugs and “mathirei” for pills are so distinctly and audibly dissimilar
that I do not think that Mr Ramanathan could have misheard one for the other.
Neither do I think that Mr Ramanathan, a very experienced Tamil interpreter,
could have been confused as to what “mathirei” in fact means. The accused
alleged that although he had used “mathirei” before Mr Ramanathan, Mr
Ramanathan had assured him during the recording of the statement that it had
the same meaning as “bothai porul”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NEs (22 Feb 2017) at p 38, lines 2 – 4.

Yet, during cross-examination, Mr Ramanthan, who was but a freelance
interpreter and thus had no vested interest in securing a conviction against
the accused, clearly explained that while “pills” could be used to describe
both drugs and medicine in English, the words for “pills” and “drugs” in Tamil
are very different and not interchangeable. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NEs (22 Feb 2017) at p 10, lines 3 – 14.

I do not believe the accused’s allegation that Mr Ramanthan had sought to
mislead him in any way by telling him that “mathirei” and “bothai porul” meant
the same thing when it was clear to Mr Ramanthan that they did not. In fact,
far from being prejudiced against the accused, Mr Ramanathan said that he
sometimes polished the accused’s language. For example, when the accused
stated that he wanted “to be a good man after this. I want to be a perfect
man”, Mr Ramanathan translated the accused’s words to the English idiom “to
turn over a new leaf”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NEs (21 Feb 2017) at p 98, lines 22 – 25.

60 For the reasons stated, I do not see how the alleged misinterpretation
could have arisen in this case. If Mr Ramanathan had heard the accused say
“mathirei”, he would have interpreted it to be “pills” and not “drugs” to the
recording officer, who would have accordingly recorded it down as “pills”. I
accept the evidence of Mr Ramanathan that the accused had in fact used the
Tamil words “bothai porul”, and that explains how the word “drugs” and not
“pills” appears in the accused’s cautioned statement and 5 February 2012
statement.

61 Third, the three statements, which were separately and independently
interpreted by SSgt Thilakanand and Mr Ramanathan, are consistent even with
respect to matters which do not relate to the drugs, such as the accused
having lost his McDonald’s job in December 2011, and that the accused would be
paid RM200 per delivery for Gandu. This suggests that the interpretation
provided by SSgt Thilakanand and Mr Ramanathan were at least broadly accurate.
It would therefore be highly fortuitous if both interpreters then made the
exact same error in mistranslating the Tamil word “mathirei” used by the
accused as “drugs” in English.

62 In other words, if the accused had in fact used “mathirei” when all three
statements were recorded, it begs the question as to why both SSgt Thilakanand
and Mr Ramanathan, who had no contact with each other during the short span of
time when the three statements were recorded (from 4 February 2012 to 5
February 2012), would have consistently mistranslated “mathirei” as meaning
“drugs” in English. No reasonable explanation is proffered in this regard.

63 Fourth, the alleged inaccuracy in translation is evidently an afterthought.
The accused testified during the ancillary hearing that he knew that there was
a “big difference” 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NEs (22 Feb 2017) at p 51, lines 2 – 4.

between “bothai porul” and “mathirei”. Yet, he declined to make any
alterations when all three statements were read back to him, even though the
word “drugs” features many times in the three statements. This suggests that
there was in fact no dispute in relation to the word “drugs” when both SSgt
Thilakanand and Mr Ramanathan were interpreting the accused’s statements back
to him from English to Tamil for him to verify the accuracy of what was
recorded from the accused in Tamil and translated into English.

64 Finally, if there had in fact been a misinterpretation, certain statements
provided by the accused would have made little sense. For example, in his 5
February 2012 statement (interpreted by Mr Ramanathan), the accused was shown
the drug exhibits, and he made the following observations:

They look like Milo powder. I know they are drugs but I do not know what type
of drugs they are. I still do not know what type of drugs they are. When the
charge was read to be last night, I was told that it was diamorphine. However,
I do not know what diamorphine is … (Recorder’s note: I now informed the
accused that “diamorphine” is known as “heroin”). I have heard about heroin
but I have never tried it. I do not know and I was not aware that by bringing
drugs into Singapore I will face [the] death penalty. I know that bringing
drugs into Singapore is illegal but I do not know I will face the death
penalty. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AB p 306, para 17.

[emphasis added]

Patently, if the italicised “drugs” in the above passage are replaced by
“pills” (which the accused allegedly said was the meaning of the Tamil word
“mathirei” that he had allegedly used during the recording of his statement),
the passage above would make little sense, especially as the drug exhibits
shown to the accused were brown granular/powdery substances that were not in
pill form. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

See Exhibit CH-PH 30.

65 In totality, I therefore found that the statements were not misinterpreted,
and they properly and accurately record what the accused had said.

Voluntariness and admissibility of the cautioned statement

66 Turning to the admissibility of the cautioned statement, the accused
alleged during the ancillary hearing that Mr Ramanathan had threatened him
prior to him giving his cautioned statement.

67 According to the accused, Mr Ramanathan had first read to the accused the
capital charge which he was then facing, and explained to him that he was
liable to being sentenced to death if convicted on the charge. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NEs (22 Feb 2017), p 39 at lines 22 – 27.

Thereafter, Mr Ramanathan threatened him by telling him that he had to agree
with everything that the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) said. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NEs (22 Feb 2017), p 39 line 31 – p 40 line 3.

Otherwise, the accused would suffer the death penalty. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NEs (22 Feb 2017), p 52 at lines 6 – 10.

The shock of this threat caused the accused to cry. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NEs (22 Feb 2017), p 44 lines 16 – 18 and p 46 at lines 11 – 13.

After issuing the alleged threat, Mr Ramanathan then administered the notice
of warning to the accused, in accordance with s 23 of the CPC, imploring the
accused to state any fact material to his defence. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NEs (22 Feb 2017), p 40 at lines 12 – 25; AB p 298.

The accused then gave his cautioned statement, admitting that he had brought
the drugs in the hope of making “great money”. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AB p 299.

68 I found that the allegation of a threat was a mere afterthought that was
not borne out by the evidence. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NEs (22 Feb 2017), p 67 at lines 3 – 6.

Accordingly, I admitted the cautioned statement.

69 First, while the accused had allegedly cried after he was threatened by Mr
Ramanathan, Insp Ong, who was asking the questions which were translated by Mr
Ramanathan, testified that he did not see any crying throughout the course of
the recording of the cautioned statement. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 27 at line 28.

This is likely to be the case. If Insp Ong had observed that Mr Ramanathan had
uttered words that made the accused cry, it would make little sense for Insp
Ong to again ask Mr Ramanathan to be the accused’s interpreter the very next
day when his 5 February 2012 statement was being taken. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

See AB p 301, para 1.

70 Second, the accused’s account of the series of events is highly
implausible. On the one hand, he alleged that Mr Ramanathan had threatened him
by telling him to simply agree to everything the CNB said. On the other hand,
the accused then agreed that Mr Ramanathan had implored him, through the
notice of warning, to state whatever that was material to his defence. As the
essence of the notice of warning is that the accused is free to say whatever
he wishes in his defence, it would have directly contradicted the alleged
threat that Mr Ramanathan had just administered. Despite this apparent
contradiction, and given that the notice of warning may have allayed whatever
fear the accused was operating under after he had been allegedly threatened by
Mr Ramanathan, the accused did not clarify the apparent inconsistency with Mr
Ramanathan. This suggests that no threat was made in the first place, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NEs (22 Feb 2017), p 42 at lines 6 – 10.

which is much more likely as no reason was given as to why Mr Ramanathan,
being a freelance interpreter, would have wanted the accused to agree with
whatever the CNB said.

71 Third, the accused testified that when it came to interpreting the word
“drugs”, he had corrected Mr Ramanathan, clarifying that he meant “mathirei”
(meaning pills) and not “bothai porul” (meaning drugs). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NEs (22 Feb 2017), p 50 at lines 19 – 22.

This contradicts the accused’s allegation that he had been compelled by Mr
Ramanathan’s threat to say whatever the CNB wanted him to say.

72 Fourth, despite the alleged threat being issued from as early as 4 February
2012 when the accused’s cautioned statement was being recorded, the accused
failed to raise the matter of the threat until the trial. In fact, the first
indication raised by the accused that some portions in his statements had been
incorrectly interpreted only appeared some one and a half years after the
cautioned statement was taken, in a letter sent to Insp Ong by the accused’s
counsel in November 2013. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Exhibit D1, para 3.

Even though the letter clearly related to the statements that were interpreted
by Mr Ramanathan (which would include the cautioned statement), no mention was
made of the alleged threat.

73 For the reasons stated above, I did not believe the accused’s allegation of
a threat, and accordingly admitted the cautioned statement after the voir
dire.

74 Given that the voluntariness of the 4 February 2012 and 5 February 2012
statements was not disputed, all three statements were admitted into evidence.
Further, as I have found that they were also not misinterpreted as alleged and
had in fact been accurately recorded, I give full weight to the contents in
the three statements.

Elements of an importation charge

75 Turning to the elements of the importation charge against the accused, the
Court of Appeal recently stated in Adili Chibuike Ejike v Public Prosecutor
[2019] SGCA 38 (“Adili”) at [27] that, to make out a charge under s 7 MDA,
three elements must be proven beyond reasonable doubt:

(a) first, the accused person was in possession of the drugs;

(b) secondly, the accused person had knowledge of the nature of the drugs; and

(c) thirdly, the drugs were intentionally brought into Singapore without prior
authorisation.

76 In relation to the first element, “possession, for the purposes of the MDA,
has been interpreted to mean not just physical possession or custody but also
to incorporate an element of knowledge” (Adili at [31]); the inquiry with
regard to the knowledge limb of the first element of s 7 MDA is solely to
establish whether the accused “knew of the existence of the thing in question
that turns out to be a drug” (the “knowledge limb of the first element”). This
is separate and distinct from the accused’s knowledge of the nature of the
drugs in question, which is properly to be considered under the second element
(Adili at [32]) of s 7 MDA.

Elements of the charge are made out

77 Having considered all the relevant evidence at the conclusion of the trial,
I am satisfied that the elements of the s 7 MDA charge against the accused are
clearly made out.

Possession of the drugs

78 With respect to the first element of possession, the accused was clearly
caught with physical possession of the drugs, which were found in the air
filter compartment of the motorcycle he was attempting to ride into Singapore.

79 As for his knowledge of the existence of the things (in this case, the four
packets) hidden in his motorcycle’s air filter compartment that turned out to
be drugs, the accused willingly admitted in all three statements that he knew
that the four packets contained drugs. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AB p 173, A1; p 299; p 306, para 17.

This unequivocally implies that he also knew of the existence of the hidden
items in his motorcycle’s air filter compartment (the “implication”), which is
a necessary prior fact before he could even say that he knew that the four
packets contained drugs. More significantly, the accused even admitted in his
5 February 2012 statement that he had personally hidden the four packets in
the air filter compartment of his motorcycle in the same way as he had done in
the previous delivery for Gandu. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AB p 304, para 12.

The accused’s knowledge of the existence of the hidden items is thus
convincingly established for the purpose of proving the knowledge limb of the
first element of s 7 MDA.

80 As the accused elected not to give his defence nor call any other witnesses
after the conclusion of the Prosecution’s case, there is no evidence to rebut
the clear admissions of his knowledge of the drugs hidden in his motorcycle in
his three statements, or to create a reasonable doubt in the Prosecution’s
case on the question of his legal possession of the drugs. Hence, both aspects
of the first element of possession are clearly made out beyond a reasonable
doubt.

Knowledge of the nature of the drugs

81 I turn now to consider the second element of knowledge of the nature of the
drugs. Given that the accused has been proved to have had the drugs in his
possession, he is presumed to have known the nature of the drugs (ie,
diamorphine) in his possession: s 18(2) MDA.

82 In this regard, merely stating that he did not know of the nature of drugs
is plainly insufficient to rebut the s 18(2) MDA presumption. As the Court of
Appeal stated in Public Prosecutor v Gobi a/l Avedian [2019] 1 SLR 113 at
[35]:

In order to rebut the presumption in s 18(2), which vests the respondent with
the knowledge that the drugs imported were diamorphine, it is not enough for
the respondent, who knew that he was transporting illegal drugs, to state
merely that he did not know what sort of drugs they were or that he had never
heard of diamorphine or heroin. If he did not know what diamorphine was, he
could not possibly claim that the drugs he was carrying were not diamorphine…
The presumption in s 18(2) is placed in the MDA precisely to address the
difficulty of proving an accused person’s subjective state of knowledge with
regard to any specific type of drug. It also takes care of the case of a
trafficker or an importer of drugs who simply does not bother or does not want
to know what drugs or even what goods he is going to carry. Allowing the
respondent in these circumstances to rebut the presumption of knowledge by
merely stating that he did not know what drugs he was carrying save that they
were not dangerous drugs and therefore could not be diamorphine would, as we
mentioned in Obeng (at [39]), make the presumption of knowledge all bark and
no bite… [emphasis added]

83 In the cautioned statement and 5 February 2012 statement, the accused
consistently alleged that he did not know what kind of drugs he had been
carrying. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

AB p 299, p 305, para 15; p 306, para 17.

Further, the accused claimed that he did not know what diamorphine was, and
when informed that it was also known as heroin, he simply stated that he had
heard about heroin before but he had never tried it. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AB p 306, para 17.

84 Later, in a statement given on 28 July 2016, the accused alleged that he
had been told by Gandu that the four packets that he was arrested with
contained “Milo sex pills” (the “28 July 2016 statement”). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AB p 328, para 4.

85 However, considering that the accused did not testify nor provide any
evidence to support his allegations that he did not know the true nature of
the drugs proved to be in his possession, the s 18(2) MDA presumption is
evidently unrebutted. For completeness, I do not believe the accused’s belated
claim in his 28 July 2016 statement that he thought the four packets contained
“Milo sex pills”, given that this claim directly contradicts his consistent
position in his earlier statements that he had never been told, nor did he
know, what kind of drugs he was carrying. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

AB p 299; p 306, para 16.

86 Therefore, by virtue of the unrebutted s 18(2) MDA presumption, the accused
is presumed to have knowledge of the actual nature of the drugs, being
diamorphine.

Drugs intentionally brought into Singapore without prior authorisation

87 Finally, the three statements reveal that the drugs were intentionally
brought into Singapore without prior authorisation in the hope of remuneration
from Gandu.

88 Therefore, all three elements of the s 7 MDA charge are proved beyond a
reasonable doubt.

Chain of custody

Applicable principles

89 HowHowever, that is not the end of the matter. As alluded to in the
introduction, the key dispute in this case relates to the chain of custody of
the drugs.

90 The applicable principles in relation to the chain of custody were recently
elaborated on by the Court of Appeal in Mohamed Affandi bin Rosli v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 440 (“Mohamed Affandi”). There,
Sundaresh Menon CJ stated that “[i]t is well established that the Prosecution
bears the burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt that the drug exhibits
analysed by the HSA are the very ones that were initially seized by the CNB
officers from the accused” (Mohamed Affandi at [39]).

91 In this regard, it is “first incumbent on the Prosecution to establish the
chain. This requires the Prosecution to account for the movement of the
exhibits from the point of seizure to the point of analysis” [emphasis in
original] (Mohamed Affandi at [39]).

92 Furthermore (Mohamed Affandi at [39]),

the defence may also seek to suggest that there is a break in the chain of
custody. This refers not necessarily to challenging the Prosecution’s overall
account but to showing that at one or more stages, there is a reasonable doubt
as to whether the chain of custody may have been broken. Where this is shown
to be the case and a reasonable doubt is raised as to the identity of the drug
exhibits, then the Prosecution has not discharged its burden… To put it
another way, the Prosecution must show an unbroken chain. There cannot be a
single moment that is not accounted for if this might give rise to a
reasonable doubt as to the identity of the exhibits: Public Prosecutor v Chen
Mingjian [2009] 4 SLR(R) 946 (“Chen Mingjian”) at [4]. [emphasis in original]

93 With these principles in mind, I turn to consider the chain of custody of
the drug exhibits in this case.

The Prosecution’s case in relation to the chain of custody

The accused’s arrest

94 The facts relating to the accused’s arrest, as well as the discovery of the
drugs in his motorcycle by the officers at Woodlands Checkpoint, Singapore,
are not disputed.

95 On 4 February 2012, at or about 2.29pm, the accused rode a motorcycle
bearing the Malaysian registration number WUQ 4810 (“the motorcycle”) into
Woodlands Checkpoint, Singapore. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

AB p 156, para 2.

Upon screening by an ICA officer, the accused was detained for further checks,
and his passport as well as the keys to the motorcycle were seized from him.
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

AB p 156, paras 3 – 4.

96 The accused, together with his passport and the keys to his motorcycle,
were then handed to one Corporal Mohamed Ridzuan Shah bin Sapii (“CPL
Ridzuan”), who escorted the accused to park his motorcycle at lot A32 of the
ICA Secondary Team Office. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

AB p 159, para 3.

Thereafter, CPL Ridzuan handed custody of the accused, along with his passport
and the keys, to Assistant Superintendent Irene Chong (“ASP Chong”), an
officer with the ICA. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

AB p 157, para 4; AB p 159, para 4.

97 At about 2.40pm, ASP Chong handed the accused, his passport, and the keys
to officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

AB p 158, para 5; AB p 177, para 3.

At about 2.42pm, SSgt Kum searched the motorcycle in the presence of the
accused but found nothing incriminating. He then instructed the accused to
push the motorcycle to the K9 garage. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

AB p 177 para 4.

98 At about 2.45pm, at the K9 garage, Special Constable Chen Guo Hao conducted
a search on the motorcycle in the accused’s presence, and again found nothing
incriminating. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

AB p 160, para 3; AB p 177, para 4.

SSgt Kum, along with three other officers, then escorted the accused as he
pushed the motorcycle to the ICA vehicle detention yard for further searches
to be conducted. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

AB p 177 para 5.

99 At about 3.21pm, further searches were conducted on the motorcycle by other
ICA officers. At about 3.26pm, SSgt Aminur Rashid bin Abdol Talip unscrewed
the fender of the motorcycle, and found four plastic wrappers in the form of
“Oriental Cheese Balls” packets (“the four packets”) hidden in the air filter
compartment. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

AB p 178, paras 7–8; AB p 162, para 4; AB p 161, para 4; Exhibits CH-PH 24 –
29.

100 At about 3.31pm, in the accused’s presence, SSgt Kum retrieved the four
packets from the air filter compartment of the motorcycle. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

AB p 178, para 8; AB p 165, para 9.

The four packets were sealed with white masking tape. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

AB p 178, para 8; Exhibit CH-PH 29.

SSgt Kum then placed each of the four packets into separate zip-lock bags. He
then placed the four zip-lock bags into one bigger zip-lock bag, which he held
onto. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

AB p 178, para 9.

101 The accused was then subject to a strip search, and nothing incriminating
was found on him. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

AB p 178, para 12.

Photo-taking of exhibits

102 At about 6.05pm, Insp Ong arrived at the CNB Woodlands Checkpoint office
with the Forensic Management Branch (“FMB”) officers from the Criminal
Investigation Department. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

AB p 179, para 16.

At about 7.45pm, Insp Ong directed the FMB officers to take photographs of the
packets. The accused was escorted by SSgt Chew Wei Ping, SSgt Wakif bin
Mehamed Sharif, and Sergeant Muhammad Izree bin Ahmad during the photo-taking.
91

##### Foot Note 91

×

AB p 179, para 18; AB p 189, para 5.

103 During the photo-taking, the four packets were marked “A1”, “A2”, “A3” and
“A4” respectively. They were then opened in the accused’s presence, each
revealing brown granular substances in a transparent plastic bag (“the drug
exhibits”). The drug exhibits were labelled “A1A”, “A2A”, “A3A” and “A4A”
respectively, in accordance with the respective packets that they originated
from. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

AB p 306, para 17, Exhibit CH-PH 30.

104 The photo-taking of the drug exhibits and their attendant packets ended at
about 8.25pm. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

AB p 179, para 18; AB p 187, para 6.

The four packets, along with the drug exhibits therein, were then handed by
SSgt Kum to Insp Ong. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

AB p 179, para 18; AB p 290, para 11.

Weighing of exhibits

105 After the photo-taking and handover of exhibits, Insp Ong returned to the
CNB Headquarters. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

AB p 290, para 12.

The accused was also escorted to the CNB Headquarters in a car. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

AB p 306, para 19.

At about 9.25pm, Insp Ong weighed each drug exhibit (ie, A1A to A4A) in the
accused’s presence. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

AB p 306, para 19.

Separately, they were each found to weigh: 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Exhibit P56; NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 10 at lines 26 – 32.

(a) A1A: 227.84g;

(b) A2A: 229.44g;

(c) A3A: 228.08g;

(d) A4A: 228.62g.

106 After each drug exhibit was weighed, Insp Ong placed them back in their
respective zip-lock bags. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 12 at lines 2 – 7.

107 According to Insp Ong, after the weighing was complete, he immediately
carried all the zip-lock bags containing the drug exhibits and locked it in
the safe in his office. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 12 at lines 17 – 20.

Transfer of exhibits from CNB to HSA

108 On 6 February 2012, two days after receiving the drug exhibits, Insp Ong
removed the drug exhibits from his safe. He then printed a non-sticky label
containing a brief description of each exhibit (the “exhibit label”), and
placed them in the respective zip-lock bags containing the drug exhibits. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 14 at line 3 to p 15 at line 2;

Thereafter, he heat-sealed each zip-lock bag across the middle-section (but
above the drug exhibits), and pasted a security seal over the heat-seal,
appending his signature above each security seal. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 19 at lines 26 – 30; p 20 at lines 11 – 12; see Exhibit
P54, last four pages.

109 After labelling and heat-sealing all four zip-lock bags, Insp Ong then
personally brought the zip-lock bags containing the drug exhibits, along with
four submission forms pertaining to each bag, to Dr Yap Tiong Whei Angeline
(“Dr Yap”) in HSA for her analysis. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 21 at lines 11 – 17; NEs (28 Feb 2019), p 3 at lines 24 –
29.

Weighing and analysis at HSA

110 Upon receiving the drug exhibits, Dr Yap confirmed that the information on
the exhibit labels and the stickers on each zip-lock bag corresponded with
their respective submission forms. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NEs (28 Feb 2019), p 5 at lines 2 – 10.

111 After confirming the above, Dr Yap logged into the laboratory information
management system to accept the four drug exhibits in the HSA system. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NEs (28 Feb 2019), p 7 at lines 14 – 16.

In the system, Dr Yap counter-checked that the four zip-lock bags and their
attendant information corresponded with the data of the exhibits as interfaced
over from CNB. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NEs (28 Feb 2019), p 8 at lines 1 – 2.

112 Having done the above, Dr Yap took over the drug exhibits and their
respective zip-lock bags from Insp Ong, and kept them all in her personal
cabinet in the strong room. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NEs (28 Feb 2019), p 8 at lines 30 – 31.

Only Dr Yap had the keys to this personal cabinet. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NEs (28 Feb 2019), p 12 at lines 26 – 27.

113 Thereafter, Dr Yap would take out the zip-lock bags from her personal
cabinet to analyse the drug exhibits therein. Each zip-lock bag was taken out,
and each drug exhibit therein was analysed at a different time and separately
from the other drug exhibits pertaining to the accused. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NEs (28 Feb 2019), p 14 at lines 2 – 23.

114 Before analysing each drug exhibit, Dr Yap would take a photograph of the
front and back of the particular zip-lock bag. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NEs (28 Feb 2019), p 13 at lines 10 – 11; Exhibit P54, last four pages.

After taking the photograph, Dr Yap would then cut open the zip-lock bag from
the bottom. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NEs (28 Feb 2019), p 13 at lines 17 – 18.

By doing so, Dr Yap extracted the respective drug exhibits without disturbing
the heat-seals which were done by Insp Ong prior to delivering the zip-lock
bags to Dr Yap. The security seals above the heat-seals were also accordingly
undisturbed. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NEs (28 Feb 2019), p 13 at lines 20 – 27.

115 After taking out the drug exhibits, Dr Yap would then weigh the particular
drug exhibit. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NEs (28 Feb 2019), p 15 at lines 11 – 14.

Dr Yap then analysed the drug exhibits, which she certified to contain:

(a) A1A: 228.6g of granular/powdery substance which was analysed and found to
contain not less than 7.09g of diamorphine; 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

AB p 137.

(b) A2A: 230.0g of granular/powdery substance which was analysed and found to
contain not less than 7.52g of diamorphine; 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

AB p 138.

(c) A3A: 228.6g of granular/powdery substance which was analysed and found to
contain not less than 4.10g of diamorphine; 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

AB p 139.

(d) A4A: 229.4g of granular/powdery substance which was analysed and found to
contain not less than 6.24g of diamorphine. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

AB p 140.

Difference in weight at CNB and HSA

116 As detailed at [95] to [115] above, the Prosecution had gone to great
pains to establish an unbroken chain of custody of the drug exhibits. This
involved four main stages: (a) the discovery of the four packets containing
the drugs, (b) the unpacking of the four packets and the weighing of the drug
exhibits contained therein in the accused’s presence, (c) the storage of the
drug exhibits in Insp Ong’s personal cabinet after the weighing process, and
(d) the transfer of the drug exhibits from Insp Ong’s personal cabinet to Dr
Yap for her analysis.

117 Nonetheless, the accused’s counsel raises two arguments to suggest a break
in the chain of custody:

(a) first, there are discernible differences between the photographs of the
drug exhibits taken by the CNB and HSA;

(b) secondly, there is a discrepancy in the weight of each of the drug
exhibits as weighed at CNB and at HSA.

118 Reviewing the evidence in totality, I am satisfied that there are
reasonable inferences which may be drawn from the facts that prove beyond a
reasonable doubt that there was an unbroken chain of custody in this case.

Photographs of drug exhibits taken by CNB and HSA

119 Turning to the first argument, it is pointed out in the accused’s reply
submissions that the back view of the drug exhibits, as seen in photographs
taken by Dr Yap, reveals a flap over each transparent plastic bag which
contained the drugs. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Reply Submissions for the Accused at para 19; Exhibit P54, last four pages.

In contrast, the CNB photographs only show the front view of the drug
exhibits, and do not reveal any such flap in all four drug exhibits. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Exhibit CH-PH 30.

The alleged disparity in the photographs taken by CNB and Dr Yap, it is
submitted, “adds further strength to the possibility that the exhibits which
were recovered and photographed at Woodlands are not the exhibits which were
handed to Dr Yap and photographed by her.” 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Reply Submissions for the Accused at para 19.

120 Accordingly, I called parties, along with Dr Yap and Insp Ong, back for a
physical examination of the exhibits in my Chambers on 14 May 2019 and
subsequently, evidence was led in open court on the same matter by the
Prosecution on 5 August 2019. Dr Yap explained that the transparent plastic
bags which contained the drugs have since been emptied, as the drugs had to be
removed for analysis. Nonetheless, the original transparent plastic bags for
each drug exhibit (A1A to A4A) were retained. To check if they were the same
plastic bags which contained the drugs (and which were photographed by CNB and
Dr Yap respectively), Dr Yap filled each transparent plastic bag with gloves
to mimic the shape of exhibits A1A to A4A as captured in the CNB’s photograph
121

##### Foot Note 121

×

See Exhibit CH-PH 30.

when they were filled with the drugs.

121 Apart from being able to mimic the shapes of exhibit A1A to A4A, Dr Yap
pointed out that a random horizontal double crease observable in the CNB’s
photograph of exhibit A2A persists in the actual transparent plastic bag of
exhibit A2A today. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcripts (5 August 2019) p 24 lines 22 – 32; p 51 lines 19 – 21.

This horizontal double crease in the actual transparent plastic bag is also in
the same position as in the CNB’s photograph of the exhibit, being at about
the one-quarter mark from the bottom of the exhibit. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcripts (5 August 2019) p 24 lines 29 – 30; compare with Exhibit CH-PH30
and Exhibit P54.

122 During cross-examination, Dr Yap was queried about a triangular opaque
area which appears larger in size in Dr Yap’s photograph of exhibit A2A than
in the CNB’s photograph of the same exhibit. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcripts (5 August 2019) p 58 lines 19 – 23.

To explain, each transparent plastic bag was almost fully filled with brown
granular substances, such that little free space were present in the
transparent plastic bags to exhibits A1A to A4A when they were photographed by
the CNB. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Exhibit CH-PH 30.

Any free space, however, would have revealed an opaque area in the
photographs. This can be perceived from the tiny opaque area observable at the
bottom left hand corner of exhibit A2A in the CNB’s photograph. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Exhibit CH-PH 30.

Clearly, during transportation of the drug exhibits from CNB to HSA, the
granular substances could have moved within their packaging, 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcripts (5 August 2019) p 59 lines 29 – 31.

thereby creating a larger triangular opaque area at the top left hand corner
of the transparent plastic bag for exhibit A2A when it was eventually
photographed by Dr Yap. In my view, this enlarged opaque area is in no way
probative of a break in chain of custody, especially as the random horizontal
double crease observable on the CNB’s photograph of exhibit A2A persists in
the actual physical exhibit today.

123 Significantly, the photographs were taken many years before any dispute in
relation to the observable flap in the photographs taken by Dr Yap had even
surfaced. Indeed, the dispute about the flaps was not raised in both tranches
of hearings, and is only raised in the accused’s reply submissions, after
closing submissions had already been tendered. Accordingly, the horizontal
double crease which supports the finding that the transparent plastic bags
containing the drugs examined by HSA were the same plastic bags captured in
the CNB photograph could not have been fabricated for the purposes of this
trial.

124 Furthermore, the handwriting for the exhibit labels “A1A” to “A4A”, which
were written by Insp Ong, 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcripts (5 August 2019) p 134 lines 4 – 7.

appear identical in both the photographs taken by CNB and Dr Yap. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Compare CH-PH30 with Exhibit P54.

The consistency in handwriting in the photographs was confirmed by Dr Yap
during the hearing on 5 August 2019. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcripts (5 August 2019) p 25 line 29 – p 26 line 14.

For instance, the horizontal stroke for the second “A” to exhibit label “A3A”
extends out of the downward diagonal stroke of the same letter “A” in both the
CNB’s and Dr Yap’s photographs. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Compare CH-PH30 with Exhibit P54.

This bolsters the finding that the exhibits photographed by CNB were the same
exhibits that were sent to Dr Yap for analysis, and which were subsequently
produced in court for examination. While Dr Yap is not a handwriting expert,
her observation about the similarity in handwriting was not challenged by the
defence, even though counsel for the accused was given an opportunity to
physically examine the exhibits and their labels during the hearing. This
reinforces the conclusion that the exhibits photographed by CNB and that were
analysed by Dr Yap were the same drug exhibits.

125 To put any doubts to rest, the transparent plastic bags of exhibits A1A to
A4A were measured by Dr Yap, revealing the following dimensions: 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcripts (5 August 2019) p 34 line 24 – p 43 line 15.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

| | A1A (sealed portion is slanted, giving two lengths) (cm)| A2A (sealed portion is horizontal) (cm)| A3A (sealed portion is slanted, giving two lengths) (cm)| A4A (sealed portion is horizontal) (cm)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
A| Length of the plastic packaging after unfolding the flap| 19.0/18.7| 19.0|
16.0/16.9| 19.2  
B| Length of the plastic packaging before unfolding the flap (including the
heat-sealed portion)| 14.5/14.2| 14.6| 14.8/14.2| 14.8  
C| Width of the package | 12.8| 12.9| 12.8| 12.9  
D| Thickness of the heat-sealed portion| 0.9/0.7| 0.9| 2.2/1.7| 0.9  
E| Length of the flap (including the heat-sealed portion)| 6.3/6.0| 6.4|
5.8/6.4| 6.1  
A+2D| Length of the plastic packaging prior to heat sealing| 20.8/20.1| 20.8|
20.4/20.3| 21.0  
  
126 Since the heat-sealed portions of the transparent plastic bags extend
outward from the transparent plastic bags (when laid flat) and fold over
themselves, adding the length of the heat-sealed portion twice over (2D) to
the length of the plastic bags after the flap is unfolded (A) would reveal the
rough length of the plastic bags prior to them being heat-sealed. As can be
seen, both the rough lengths of the plastic bags prior to being heat-sealed
(A+2D) and the width of each plastic packaging (C) are broadly similarly
across exhibits A1A to A4A. The similar lengths and widths of the plastic
packaging reinforces the conclusion that Insp Ong did not mix up any of the
drug exhibits from the accused’s drug arrest with drug exhibits from other
arrests, as it would be highly fortuitous for drug exhibits from a separate
arrest to be kept in a packaging of the same length and width.

127 Considering the totality of the evidence, I do not find that the flaps,
which are observable only in Dr Yap’s photographs, furnishes any reasonable
doubt in relation to the integrity of the chain of custody.

Weight discrepancy

128 I turn now to the second argument of the accused’s counsel in relation to
the following differences in the gross weights of each drug exhibit when
weighed at CNB and HSA:

Exhibit | Gross weight by CNB (with wrapping) 133

##### Foot Note 133

× Exhibit P56; NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 10 at lines 26 – 32. | Gross weight by HSA (with wrapping) 134

##### Foot Note 134

× Evidence given by Dr Yap during cross-examination, after adding the weight of the wrappings which were excluded in her certificates: NEs (21 Feb 2017), p 63 at lines 16 – 28. | Difference in gross weights  
---|---|---|---  
A1A| 227.84g| 230.242g| +2.402g (+1.05%)  
A2A| 229.44g| 231.707g| +2.267g (+0.99%)  
A3A| 228.08g| 230.298g| +2.218g (+0.97%)  
A4A| 228.62g| 231.077g| +2.457g (+1.07%)  
Total| 913.98g| 923.324g| +9.344g (+1.02%)  
  
129 The discrepancy in weight, according to the accused’s counsel, gives rise
to a reasonable doubt as to the integrity of the chain of custody.

130 In Lim Swee Seng v Public Prosecutor [1995] 1 SLR(R) 32, the court was
faced with a significant discrepancy as the CNB officer measured the bundles
of drugs as weighing 474.11g, while the scientific officer measured them as
weighing 395.98g. While the majority held that it was safe to convict the
accused notwithstanding the substantial discrepancy in weight suggesting a
break in the chain of custody, Chao Hick Tin J (as he then was) observed in
his dissenting judgment at [70]:

In percentage terms, 78.13g over 474.11g represents a margin of error of about
16.49%. With this margin of discrepancy I do not think the court should
dismiss it by saying there must be some error somewhere. It behoves the
Prosecution to explain the discrepancy. Chew would have known that in a charge
of trafficking in drugs, every gramme counts; it could make a difference
between life and death. In my respectful opinion there was no basis for the
trial judge to postulate those two reasons to explain the discrepancy. I
accept that a court can draw reasonable inferences from facts which are before
the court. But the inferences drawn must be warranted by the evidence.
[emphasis added]

131 In the present case, the discrepancy between the gross weight is far less
significant, at only about 1% per drug exhibit (and 1.02% overall).
Nonetheless, given the severe penalties that flow from a drug trafficking
conviction, I put the Prosecution to task to explain the discrepancy.

132 In this regard, Dr Yap testified that while she “w[ould] not be able to
conclusively say what is the exact cause of this difference”, 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NEs (28 Feb 2019), p 18 at lines 31 – 32.

there were several possible explanations for the differences in weight in each
exhibit:

(a) first, the accuracy of the balance could have contributed to the
discrepancy. The accuracy of each balance depended on, among others, “the
location of where it’s placed, whether it is in a level platform, … whether
the balance has been regularly maintained and sent for external calibration”;
136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NEs (28 Feb 2019) p 19 at lines 3 – 9.

(b) secondly, the operator’s practice could also contribute to the
discrepancy. This included whether the operator had properly zeroed the
balance before a new item was placed on the balance or whether the item was
placed centrally and not off-centre such that part of the exhibit is on the
side of the balance; 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NEs (28 Feb 2019) p 19 at lines 10 – 16.

(c) thirdly, the fact that diamorphine is hygroscopic could contribute to a
weight discrepancy. Given its hygroscopic nature, diamorphine can absorb
moisture through time, causing its weight to increase. However, Dr Yap further
opined that, given that the drug exhibits were heat-sealed prior to their
submission to HSA and that they were stored in a strong room that was air-
conditioned 24 hours a day, she did not think that the weight discrepancy
would be greatly affected by the hygroscopic nature of diamorphine. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NEs (28 Feb 2019) p 19 line 30 – p 20 line 9.

133 While it is not possible to conclusively determine the exact reason for
the very small weight discrepancy, the facts reveal that the weight of each of
the drug exhibits was consistently about 1% heavier at HSA than at CNB.

134 Considered with Dr Yap’s unchallenged testimony as to the possible causes
for the weight discrepancy, the consistent weight difference leads to the
strong inference that whatever the reason for the weight discrepancy, it was
not caused by a break in the chain of custody, but rather by differences in
the accuracy of the balances used by CNB and HSA or in the way the drug
exhibits were weighed by Insp Ong and Dr Yap respectively.

135 I am fortified in my view as I find that the drug exhibits were the only
drug exhibits in Insp Ong’s locker at the material time. As explained above,
after weighing the drug exhibits in the accused’s presence on 4 February 2012,
Insp Ong placed them in his safe. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 12 at lines 17 – 20.

The safe was secured by a number lock which only Insp Ong had the combination
number to. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 12 at lines 19 – 20, p 57 at lines 15 – 20.

At the material time, the drug exhibits were also the only drug exhibits in
Insp Ong’s safe 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 12 at lines 15 – 32.

as the drug exhibits were “kept very briefly for live cases”, and there were
sufficient investigating officers to ensure that they would not be assigned
two live drug cases at the same time: 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 57 at lines 1 – 31.

Q And you had mentioned because drug exhibits are kept very briefly for live
cases.

A Yes.

Q Can you elaborate on what you mean by this?

A We will---we will not---we will try not to hold on to the drug exhibits
longer than we should be and by the time a new case comes in, we would have
cleared all our drug exhibits from our hands already. The drug exhibits will
have been sent to the various drug lab---labs for processing, for analysis.
The other case exhibits will have been sent to the other labs or to the CNB
store by the time a new case comes in. I have never in my career with CNB had
overlapping cases before. Yah.

Court: So CNB has many safes. Each officer, IO one safe.

Witness: Yes.

Court: How many safes are there?

Witness: Each---each of the senior team, senior officers get is under the
special investigation team will have their own safe and at---during my time
there were about 12 officers with our own rooms and our own safes.

Court: Oh, each one their own room?

Witness: Yes.

Court: So at that time you were investigating, under you were there two
investigations going on? There will be 200 things.

Witness: I---I was holding on a lot of IPs but only---that was my only so
called ongoing case.

Court: What happens if bad luck, the two cases going on at the same time?

Witness: That’s---that’s why we have 12. It has never happened before. We will
rotate.

Court: Oh, you mean, if you investigate one case, you won’t be assigned
another case at the same time?

Witness: Yah.

[emphasis added]

136 Insp Ong’s account that the drug exhibits were the only ones in his locker
at the material time was confirmed by Station Inspector Fathli bin Mohd Yusof
(“SI Fathli”). SI Fathli extracted information relating to all capital drug
case files created on the Integrated Drug Enforcement Administration System
(“IDEAS”) of the CNB from 1 December 2011 to 6 February 2012. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Exhibit PS37, paras 2 – 4.

The information presented shows that from 1 December 2011 to 6 February 2012,
there were 13 capital drug cases, and no investigation officer was assigned to
more than one case at any one time. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Exhibit PS37, para 6 and Exhibit PS38, Annex A.

During this period, Insp Ong was assigned two capital drug cases. The first
was assigned on 14 January 2012, and the exhibits for that case were sent to
HSA on 17 January 2012. Insp Ong did not receive any other capital drug cases
until he was assigned a second capital drug case on 4 February 2012, when he
received the drug exhibits for the accused, which he sent to HSA on 6 February
2012. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Exhibit PS38, Annex A and Annex B.

The information generated by IDEAS was confirmed by the Registration Log
Report that was independently produced by HSA’s system. HSA’s Registration Log
Report reflected that between 1 December 2011 to 28 February 2012, Insp Ong
submitted drug exhibits for two cases only, on 17 January 2012 and 6 February
2012 respectively. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Exhibit PS36, P57 (attached), pp 1 – 3.

The two dates of submission of drug exhibits to HSA were identical under both
CNB and HSA's system, corroborating Insp Ong’s account that the drug exhibits
were the only ones in his locker between 4 February 2012 and 6 February 2012.

137 Therefore, I find on the totality of the evidence that the minute weight
discrepancy is insufficient to cast a reasonable doubt on the unbroken chain
of custody of the drug exhibits.

138 The accused’s counsel further raised the fact that while Insp Ong had been
“puzzled” by the weight discrepancy from as early as 2012 when the HSA reports
were returned by Dr Yap, he failed to retrieve and submit the weighing scale
he had used for weighing the drug exhibits to determine the cause of the
discrepancy. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 40 line 31 – p 41 line 8; Closing Submissions for the
Accused at paras 22 – 24.

Furthermore, when tendering an amended charge to the accused to include the
analysed diamorphine content as revealed in Dr Yap’s report, Insp Ong did not
state the gross weight of the drug exhibits even though it was in his habit to
do so. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 46 at lines 11 – 16; Closing Submissions for the Accused
at para 27.

I do not think that these facts are sufficient to cast a reasonable doubt in
relation to the chain of custody of the drug exhibits.

139 In relation to Insp Ong’s failure to retrieve the weighing scale which he
had used for examination, it is important to note that the issue relating to
the weight of the exhibits was not even raised until the second tranche of
hearings in February 2019, some seven years after the drug exhibits had been
weighed by CNB. Given that the weight discrepancy was not in issue, it was
entirely reasonable for Insp Ong to have proceeded on the assumption that the
CNB’s “weighing scale gave an indicative weight” only, 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 41 at lines 22 – 23.

and that the weighing scale which he had used did not have to be examined.
This was especially as the “indicative weight” obtained by the CNB weighing
scale was consistently about 1% lighter than the weight obtained by Dr Yap at
HSA, suggesting that the “indicative weight” was, as the term suggests,
broadly indicative (but not conclusive) of the weight of the drug exhibits.
Accordingly, it was entirely reasonable for Insp Ong not to have recalled the
weighing scale for examination as he had “no reason” to believe that the
weighing scale he had used to weigh the drug exhibits was not working
correctly (ie, to give an indicative weight of the drug exhibits). 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 53 at lines 17 – 20.

140 As regards Insp Ong’s failure to state the gross weight of the drug
exhibits in the amended charge, I find that this amounts to a mere speculation
about the possibility of contamination of the drug exhibits resulting in the
drug exhibits being heavier when they were sent to HSA, which will not be
entertained: Mohamed Affandi at [41] and [55]. While Insp Ong candidly
admitted that his omission was contrary to his usual habit, the key purpose of
the amended charge was to inform the accused of the analysed weight of
diamorphine in the drug exhibits, 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NEs (26 Feb 2019), p 58 at lines 19 – 21.

which exceeded the capital amount of 15g. Accordingly, the analysed
diamorphine content was key, and the omission of the gross weight of the drug
exhibits was not fatal to the purpose of tendering an amended charge to the
accused. Given that no further evidence is furnished to show how Insp Ong’s
failure to state the gross weight of the drug exhibits in the amended charge
has broken the chain of custody, I find that this point does not support the
accused’s contention at all.

Conclusion

141 In conclusion, given that the weight of each of the drug exhibits is
consistently about 1% heavier at HSA than at CNB, and as no further evidence
has been presented to suggest a break in the chain of custody that has been
extensively detailed by the Prosecution, I find that the Prosecution has
proven an unbroken chain of custody beyond a reasonable doubt.

142 Accordingly, I convict the accused of the amended charge of importing not
less than 14.99g of diamorphine, in contravention of s 7 of the MDA.

143 I will now hear parties on the sentence.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

For 14-15, 21-23 February 2017

Andrew Tan and Prakash Otharam (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution.

For 26, 28 February 2019, 14 May 2019, 5 August 2019

Peggy Pao-Keerthi Pei Yu and Zhou Yihong (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution.  

For 14-15, 21-23 February 2017

N K Rajarh (Straits Law Practice LLC) and Sureshan s/o T Kulasingam (M/S
Sureshan LLC) for the accused.

For 26, 28 February 2019, 14 May 2019, 5 August 2019

Ramesh Tiwary (M/S Ramesh Tiwary) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

