Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 50

Companies Winding Up No 270 of 2018

Between

Industrial Floor & Systems Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Civil Tech Pte. Ltd.  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [winding up]

[Civil Procedure] — [stay of proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Industrial Floor & Systems Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Civil Tech Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 50

High Court — Companies Winding Up No 270 of 2018  
Ang Cheng Hock JC  
8 February 2019

6 March 2019

Ang Cheng Hock JC:

Introduction

1 On 8 February 2019, I made an order for the defendant to be wound up and for
Mr Lau Chin Huat of Lau Chin Huat & Co to be appointed as the liquidator of
the defendant. The debt owed by the defendant to the plaintiff in the sum of
S$292,568.91 was undisputed. The defendant has now appealed against my order.
I thus set out the reasons for my order below.

Background

2 The plaintiff is Industrial Floor & Systems Pte Ltd which carries on the
business of supplying construction materials. The defendant is Civil Tech Pte
Ltd which carries on a building and construction business. In May 2018, the
defendant awarded a contract to the plaintiff, for the supply by the plaintiff
of materials and labour in respect of epoxy coatings to a four-storey
Production Building and a Single Storey Central Utility Building at 70 Pasir
Ris Industrial Drive 1. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Tee Su Sim (“TSM”) 1st affidavit, para 7.

The defendant was the main contractor for the project.

3 The plaintiff carried out the works pursuant to the contract. A total of
four invoices were issued by the plaintiff to the defendant, for the total
amount of S$399,568.91. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

TSM 1st affidavit, para 8-9.

The defendant only paid the first invoice which was in the amount of
S$107,000.00. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

TSM 1st affidavit, para 10.

The remaining three invoices were unpaid.

4 On 28 September 2018, the plaintiff wrote to demand payment of the amount
due under the second and third invoices. The plaintiff also stated that it was
stopping work with immediate effect. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

TSM 1st affidavit, p 22.

A letter of demand from the plaintiff’s solicitors soon followed on 3 October
2018. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

TSM 1st affidavit, p 23-24.

5 On 9 October 2018, through the plaintiff’s solicitors, a statutory demand
issued pursuant to s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) was
served by hand on the defendant at its registered office. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

TSM 1st affidavit, para 15; CCH 2nd affidavit, para 2.

There was an acknowledgment of receipt in the form of the defendant’s company
stamp on the file copy of the statutory demand. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Chew Chin Heng (“CCH”) 2nd affidavit, p 7.

Several other statutory demands were served on the defendant that month.

6 On 17 October 2018, the defendant held a meeting with its creditors,
including the plaintiff, and proposed to pay 50% of the debt due to all of
them. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

TSM 1st affidavit, para 17.

It was explained in a subsequent letter dated 22 October 2018 from the
defendant to its creditors that it was facing “very tight cash flow for the
next 18 months” and that it was looking for a “third party investor”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

TSM 1st affidavit, p 26.

This was followed up by another letter from the defendant dated 1 November
2018 to its creditors offering to pay 50% of their debt within “the next two
to three months” from funds that were expected to be received from a company
with which it was in a joint venture for a construction project. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

TSM 1st affidavit, p 27.

This is elaborated upon later at [19].

7 The plaintiff filed this winding-up application on 8 November 2018.

The other winding-up applications and supporting creditors

8 When the plaintiff’s winding-up application came to be heard by me on 8
February 2019, there were five other winding-up applications pending against
the defendant that were also fixed before me. All these applications were
filed by creditors on the basis of statutory demands served on the defendant
in the month of October 2018, which remained unsatisfied as at the date of the
hearing.

9 In CWU 242/2018, Allinton Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd, which had obtained
an order substituting itself as the applying creditor, was owed the amount of
S$80,669.48 plus interest and costs under a judgment of the District Court.

10 In CWU 269/2018, the applying creditor, LY Structure Engineering Pte Ltd,
was owed the amount of S$172,319.35 plus interest and costs under an
adjudication determination which was only partially paid by the defendant.

11 In CWU 273/2018, the applying creditor, Singapore Island Cruise & Ferry
Services Pte Ltd, was owed the amount of S$245,135.93 under invoices issued to
the defendant for services that had been rendered.

12 In CWU 275/2018, the applying creditor, Tat Hong Plant Leasing Pte Ltd, was
owed the amount of S$437,788.57 plus interest and costs under a judgment of
the High Court.

13 In CWU 276/2018, the applying creditor, Eliktrical Engineering Pte Ltd, was
owed the amount of S$360,601.64 plus interest and costs under an adjudication
determination which was completely unpaid.

14 The creditors who had filed these other winding-up applications had come to
an agreement with the plaintiff in the present proceedings (CWU 270/2018) that
only the plaintiff would proceed with its application to seek a winding-up
order. This was to save cost and expense for the other creditors, eg, the
expense of advertising.

15 I should also mention that there were also a number of supporting creditors
for CWU 270/2018 who appeared before me at the hearing on 8 February 2019.
These were: (i) Fine Build (E&C) Pte Ltd, (ii) Buildo Engineering Pte Ltd,
(iii) NSL Fuel Management Services Pte Ltd, (iv) Eng Lee Equipment Pte Ltd,
and (v) P-Four (2007) Pte Ltd.

The hearing on 8 February 2019

16 At the commencement of the hearing, Mr John Ng (“Mr Ng”), who appeared for
the plaintiff, informed me of the agreement referred to at [14] and that his
instructions were to proceed to obtain a winding-up order against the
defendant.

17 Mr Ashok Kumar Rai (“Mr Rai”) appeared for the defendant at the hearing. He
did not dispute the debts owed to the plaintiff or to any of the other
creditors. But, he informed me that the defendant had, in the afternoon of the
day before, filed applications in all six pending CWU applications that all
further proceedings in the CWU applications be stayed. He then sought an
adjournment of CWU 270/2018 until the stay applications could be determined.

18 Mr Ng opposed the request for an adjournment. Most of the other creditors
who had filed CWU applications referred to above similarly objected to any
adjournment or expressed their disquiet at the latest turn of events.

19 When I asked Mr Rai to explain the basis of the stay applications, he
informed me as follows:

(a) In 2015, the defendant had entered into a joint venture with Penta-Ocean
Construction Company Limited (“Penta-Ocean”) for the purposes of carrying out
the design, construction, completion and maintenance of the ground improvement
works for a project, which involved the construction of Terminal 5 for Changi
Airport. The joint venture, POC-CT JV, was awarded the sub-contract to carry
out such works by the main contractor, which was said to be Penta-Ocean
itself. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Tan Hang Meng (“THM”) 1st affidavit, para 10.

(b) Penta-Ocean has not been making payments to POC-CT JV for the works done
under the sub-contract. On 5 February 2019, which was three days before the
hearing, on behalf of the POC-CT JV, the defendant served a payment claim of
S$355,728,942.85 on Penta-Ocean. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

THM, 1st affidavit, para 4.

The defendant believed that it was entitled to take such action on behalf of
the POC-CT JV.

(c) The defendant expected that the payment claim would be disputed by Penta-
Ocean, which would then necessitate the commencement of adjudication
proceedings under the provisions of the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SOPA”). It was estimated that
this would take a few months to be resolved.

(d) Hence, the applications filed on 7 February 2019 seek to stay all further
proceedings in the CWU applications until “after POC-CT JV’s claim made by way
of Payment Claim No. 44 dated 5 February 2019 has been resolved either by
agreement between the [d]efendant and [Penta-Ocean] or by an adjudication
determination under the [SOPA]”.

20 On this basis, Mr Rai asked me to adjourn the CWU 270/2018 until the end of
April 2019, when the court could then take stock of the situation and decide
whether a further adjournment was necessary and, if so, for how long. This is
because, it was argued, the court would probably be in a better position at
that time to decide when it was likely that payment would be made by Penta-
Ocean to the POC-CT JV and then to the defendant.

21 I was unpersuaded that this was a sufficient reason to grant an adjournment
of CWU 270/2018. First of all, it was not disputed that the defendant was in
dire financial straits. It was facing multiple claims and five other winding-
up applications. Mr Ng informed me that there were more than 20 lawsuits
pending against the defendant. Any delay in the winding-up of the defendant
would permit it to continue incurring debts in the course of its business when
it was already clearly insolvent. I also noted the point made by Mr Ng, on
behalf of the plaintiff, that the defendant had not made any proposals for
payment of its debts to its creditors, which were found to be acceptable. Nor
had the defendant offered to provide any security to its creditors.

22 As for the dispute between the defendant and Penta-Ocean, no reason was
furnished on affidavit as to why adjudication proceedings were only now being
contemplated when the defendant was already in serious financial trouble since
October 2018, if not earlier. I only have Mr Rai’s explanation from the bar
that the defendant had been trying to resolve its issues with Penta-Ocean
amicably. He also could not provide any clarity as to when the dispute was
likely to be resolved and payment received by the POC-CT JV. Even if payment
is received by the POC-CT JV, there is the additional issue of when the
defendant would receive its share of the payment.

23 I could not agree to adjourn CWU 270/2018 on an indefinite basis. That was
effectively what the defendant wanted me to do since the request for an
adjournment to the end of April 2019 was not expected to be the final one.
Instead, as Mr Rai accepted, a further adjournment would in all likelihood be
needed if Penta-Ocean protracted its payment dispute with the POC-CT JV
through the court process after the adjudication determination is obtained.

24 Further, I had doubts as to the correctness of the approach taken by the
defendant in unilaterally purporting to serve a payment claim on behalf of the
POC-CT JV. Mr Rai informed me that the JV was not an incorporated entity but
an arrangement between the defendant and Penta-Ocean that was governed by a
Joint Venture Agreement dated 25 April 2015 (“JVA”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

THM 1st affidavit, p 38-49.

When I queried Mr Rai whether the terms of the JVA permitted the defendant to
serve payment claims on behalf of both parties to the joint venture, he was
not able to provide me with any satisfactory answer, other than to assert that
the defendant would be taking the position that it could do so if its
authority to act on behalf of the other joint venture party was challenged in
the adjudication proceedings. Given this, I was concerned that it would not be
a straightforward process at all for the defendant to be able to recover what
was due to it from the joint venture with Penta-Ocean. From what I was being
told, it was obvious that the relationship between the defendant and Penta-
Ocean had soured and, in this regard, I noted that disputes under the JVA are
to be referred to arbitration at the Singapore International Arbitration
Centre. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

THM 1st affidavit, p 46.

25 I asked Mr Rai whether the defendant had considered other statutory
remedies available to insolvent companies in the situation that the defendant
has found itself in. I had in mind the judicial management regime. That could
be appropriate for a company that might be successfully rehabilitated whether
through the infusion of new capital or otherwise, even though it is presently
unable to pay its debts as they fell due. Surprisingly, Mr Rai informed me
that the defendant had already considered and dismissed the possibility of
applying for judicial management.

26 Finally, Mr Rai also argued that the defendant should be given an
opportunity to fend off a winding-up order because it has an established track
record as a contractor in Singapore, having worked on several large projects
in the past. He submitted that this was a public policy consideration that the
court should take into account. I was unable to accept this submission. Quite
to the contrary, it would not be in the public interest for the court to
permit a heavily insolvent company to carry on its business operations and
keep its debtors waiting indefinitely for any prospect of recovery.

Conclusion

27 In the circumstances, I was not satisfied that sufficient grounds had been
furnished by the defendant for the court to exercise its discretion to adjourn
CWU 270/2018 until the end of April 2019. As there was no dispute at all that
the defendant was indebted to the plaintiff for the amount claimed, I ordered
that the defendant be wound-up.

28 The other winding-up applications referred to at [9] to [13] were
subsequently adjourned on 13 February 2019, at the request of the applying
creditors, until the determination of the appeal against my orders made in CWU
270/2018.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judicial Commissioner

  
John Ng (AsiaLegal LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Ashok Kumar Rai (Eversheds Harry Elias LLP) for the defendant;  
Beverly Wee (Insolvency & Public Trustee’s Office) for the official receiver;  
Assomull Madan (Assomull & Partners) for the plaintiff in HC/CWU 242/2018;  
Alvin Sia (LIMN Law Corporation) for the plaintiff in HC/CWU 269/2018;  
Adly Rizal (Tito Isaac & Co LLP) for the plaintiff in HC/CWU 273/2018;  
Chua Cheng Yew (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the plaintiff in HC/CWU
275/2018;  
Rachel Tan (Clasis LLC) for the plaintiff in HC/CWU 276/2018;  
Tan Yew Teck (TYT Law Practice) for the supporting creditor, Fine Build (E&C)
Pte Ltd, in HC/CWU 269/2018 and HC/CWU 270/2018;  
Lim Bee Li (Optimus Chambers LLC) for the supporting creditor, Buildo
Engineering Pte Ltd in HC/CWU 242/2018, HC/CWU 269/2018, HC/CWU 270/2018,
HC/CWU 273/2018, HC/CWU 275/2018 and HC/CWU 276/2018;  
Grismond Tien (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the supporting creditor, NSL
Fuel Management Services Pte Ltd, in HC/CWU 242/2018, HC/CWU 269/2018 and
HC/CWU 270/2018;  
Charlene Cheam (K&L Gates Straits Law LLC) for the supporting creditors, Eng
Lee Equipment Pte Ltd and P-Four (2007) Pte Ltd in HC/CWU 269/2018 and HC/CWU
270/2018.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

