Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 210

Criminal Case No 48 of 2018

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Sulaiman Bin Jumari  
---|---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Sulaiman bin Jumari

[2019] SGHC 210

High Court — Criminal Case No 48 of 2018  
Aedit Abdullah J  
31 July, 1-3, 21, 23 August, 17 September 2018, 26-28 February; 10 May 2019

9 September 2019

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 The Accused was charged for the possession of 22 packets of drugs containing
not less than 52.75 grams of diamorphine for the purposes of trafficking.

2 The charge against the Accused read as follows:

That you…on 23 June 2016, at about 4.45 p.m., at Sunflower Grandeur, 31 Lorong
39 Geylang #03-02, Singapore, did traffic in a ‘Class A’ controlled drug
listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev
Ed), to wit, by having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking,
twenty two (22) packets containing not less than 1520.23 grams of
granular/powdery substance which was analysed and found to contain not less
than 52.75 grams of diamorphine, without any authorisation under the said Act
or the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence
under [section 5(1)(a)], read with section 5(2) and punishable under section
33(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed), or alternatively be
liable to be punished under section 33B of the same Act.

I convicted him of the charge after the trial. As the Accused did not qualify
for the alternative sentencing regime under s 33B of the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), I thus imposed the mandatory sentence of death
on him.

Background

3 A statement of agreed facts was entered into evidence under s 267 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”). This was signed by
the Prosecution and counsel for the Accused. The statement recorded that:

(a) The Accused was arrested on 23 June 2016 at about 4.45 pm while alone in a
rented room in a condominium located along Lorong 39 Geylang, Singapore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of agreed facts (“SOAF”) at para 3.

(b) A number of packets containing drugs were recovered from a wardrobe
(described in the statement as a cupboard), a bedside table, and the bed in
the room. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOAF at para 5.

(c) The drugs that were captured in the charge consisted of two packets
wrapped in black tape and one unwrapped packet from a drawer in the wardrobe
containing a total of 49.86 grams of diamorphine (Exhibits A1A, A2A and A3)
(“the drugs in question”), and packets from the bedside table, containing 2.89
grams of diamorphine (which the Accused did not dispute possession of). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOAF at para 4.

(d) The Accused was found in possession of a remote control opening the main
gate of the condominium and a bunch keys; a key opening a side gate; a key to
the apartment; and a key to the room rented by him. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOAF at para 6.

(e) The Accused’s DNA was found on various exhibits, but not on the three
packets containing the drugs in question. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOAF at para 11.

(f) The packaging of Exhibits A2A and A3 were found to have been manufactured
by the same machine, while the packaging for Exhibits A1A and A3 could have
come from the same machine. The heat seal characteristics of Exhibits A1A, A2A
and A3 indicated that the same heat sealer was used. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOAF at paras 12-13.

(g) Several statements were recorded from the accused while he was in lock-up
and Changi Prison. The voluntariness of these statements was not in issue. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOAF at paras 14-21.

4 What was in dispute were the circumstances of the arrest of the accused,
particularly, whether he knew that the three packets of drugs in question that
were the subject of the charge were in his room. Also in issue was the
voluntariness of a statement given by the Accused shortly after the drugs were
discovered in his room (“the contemporaneous statement”).

The Prosecution’s case

5 The Prosecution argued that the evidence had proved that the Accused
knowingly possessed the drugs and knew their nature beyond a reasonable doubt.

6 While the Accused was being placed under arrest, he was asked by officers
from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) if he had anything to surrender. The
Accused responded “three” while gesturing to the wardrobe. A search of the
wardrobe uncovered from a drawer, amongst other things, the three packets
containing the drugs in question. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions (“PCS”) at para 3.

7 The Accused admitted clearly in his contemporaneous statement that the drugs
in question belonged to him, that he knew they were diamorphine and that they
were intended for both smoking and for sale. The cautioned statement given by
the Accused, as well as other evidence, showed that he had sole control and
power over access to the room in which the drugs in question were found. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PCS at para 51.

8 The contemporaneous statement was made voluntarily. The Accused was not
suffering from drug withdrawal as he could provide specific details which were
supported by extrinsic evidence. In the circumstances, full weight should be
given to the contemporaneous statement. The Accused was opportunistically
cherry picking which portions of the contemporaneous statement to rely upon
while disavowing the rest.

9 In the alternative, the presumptions under ss 18(1)(c) and 18(2) of the MDA
applied against the Accused, establishing that he had the drugs in his
possession and knew the nature of drugs. These presumptions were unrebutted.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PCS at paras 60-93.

10 The evidence further showed beyond a reasonable doubt that the Accused
possessed the drugs in question for the purposes of trafficking. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PCS at paras 94-120.

11 Apart from the Accused’s admissions in the contemporaneous statement, he
was also found in possession of drug trafficking paraphernalia. Taken together
with the sheer quantity of the drugs found in the Accused’s possession, it
could be inferred that the Accused intended to traffic in the drugs forming
the subject of the charge against him. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PCS at paras 94-97.

The Defence’s case

12 The Defence denied that the Accused was referring to the drugs in question
when he responded “three” to the CNB officers who asked if he had anything to
surrender. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Notes of evidence (“NE”) 10 May 2019, p 2 at lines 3-9.

The Accused was suffering from withdrawal symptoms at the time of the raid and
during the recording of the contemporaneous statement. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defence’s closing submissions (“DCS”) at paras 52-55.

13 The Accused did not know that the drugs in question were in his room.
Several other persons had access to the room, including on the day the Accused
was arrested; the drugs in question could have been placed in the wardrobe
drawer without the Accused’s knowledge. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

DCS at paras 60-64, 105.

14 The Defence argued against the admission of the contemporaneous statement
as it was not made voluntarily. Alternatively, it should be excluded as a
matter of discretion, or if admitted should be given minimal weight if at all.
The statement was procured by inducement as the Accused was made to understand
that he would be able to rest and thus obtain relief from his withdrawal
symptoms if he would “make it fast”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DCS at paras 37-40.

In the alternative, the common law discretion to exclude relevant evidence if
its prejudicial effect exceeded the probative value should be exercised. At
the time of the giving of the statement, the Accused had not slept in three
days, and was under the effects of methamphetamine consumption and withdrawal
symptoms from diamorphine consumption. These were corroborated by factual
errors showing doubt over its reliability, and he was consistent in his
position thereafter. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DCS at paras 41-59.

15 As the only evidence of possession was the contemporaneous statement, the
Prosecution failed to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the Accused had
possession of the drugs in question, and even if he did have possession of the
packets of drugs, he did not have knowledge that they contained diamorphine.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DCS at paras 64, 81.

16 The presumptions in ss 18(1)(c) and 18(2) of the MDA were rebutted on the
balance of probabilities. The drugs were not found on his person, nor was his
DNA found on any of the packets. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DCS at para 62.

He had also given evidence that he only trafficked in lower amounts to avoid a
capital charge. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DCS at para 63.

Another person, Jepun, also had a set of keys to the room, which was confirmed
by Defence witnesses. Various persons had access to the room to consume drugs,
with some staying for extended periods. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DCS at paras 67-80.

There was no evidence showing actual knowledge of how the drugs in question
came to be in the room.

17 There was no evidence showing that the Accused intended to traffic the
drugs in question. The Prosecution could not invoke both the presumptions
under ss 18 and 17 of the MDA. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DCS at para 93.

18 The Defence also alleged that there were various lapses and deficiencies in
investigation, and that alternative explanations could not be ruled out. A
reasonable doubt had been raised. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DCS at paras 97-108.

The Decision

19 I was not persuaded to revisit my earlier decision to allow the
contemporaneous statement to be admitted; it was not given as the result of
any inducement, threat or promise, or any adverse conditions stemming from any
drug withdrawal symptoms suffered by the Accused. Its contents were accurate
and reliable.

20 I was of the view that the case had been proven against the Accused beyond
a reasonable doubt. I accepted that the evidence showed that the Accused had
control over the room. The elements of the charge against the Accused were
made out: he had actual possession of the drugs in question and knew their
nature. The drugs in question were also possessed by the Accused for the
purposes of trafficking.

21 As for the Prosecution’s alternative case that the presumption under s
18(1)(c) of the MDA could apply, I had some concerns about the operation of
the presumption, but I could not go behind the Court of Appeal decision in
Poon Soh Har and another v Public Prosecutor [1977–1978] SLR(R) 97 (“Poon Soh
Har”). The presumption in s 18(1)(c) did not apply to the present case.

22 While the Accused claimed that part of the drugs were to be consumed, there
was insufficient evidence of what was to be consumed. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Agreed bundle (“AB”) at p 317-319.

I was satisfied that any such consumption was incidental.

23 I accepted that there were shortcomings in the investigation. However,
these were not such as to render conviction unsafe.

Analysis

24 The issues to be determined were:

(a) Whether the Accused had possession of the drugs in question;

(b) Whether the Accused had knowledge of the nature of the drugs in question;
and

(c) Whether the Accused possessed the drugs in question for the purposes of
trafficking.

Much turned on the contemporaneous statement recorded shortly after the arrest
of the Accused. Its voluntariness was challenged because of an alleged
inducement offered by the recorder, as well as the Accused’s suffering from
the effects of drug withdrawal.

The contemporaneous statement

25 As the contemporaneous statement was heavily relied upon by the Prosecution
to prove its case, it is perhaps more convenient to first address its
voluntariness and reliability.

26 The contemporaneous statement, comprising a series of 29 questions and
answers, was recorded from 5.55pm to 6.27pm in the rented room, just after the
Accused was arrested. It captured the Accused admitting that the three packets
containing the drugs in question belonged to him, that they were heroin, and
that they were meant for both his consumption and sale. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Exhibit P134 at Q1 to Q8.

For the two packets wrapped in black tape, he said that the drugs could be
repackaged into 10 sets of 10 packets, and that he could sell each set for
$800. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Exhibit P134 at Q1 to Q5.

27 The Defence took issue with the contemporaneous statement, because of an
alleged inducement from the recording officer and the withdrawal symptoms that
it said the Accused was suffering from. The Defence argued that an ancillary
hearing was needed. With the Prosecution, I had some doubts about this, but
out of an abundance of caution, an ancillary hearing was held. Following that
ancillary hearing at which 17 witnesses, including the Accused, testified, the
contemporaneous statement was admitted. However, I allowed the Defence to
revisit the issue again in the Defence’s closing submissions.

28 The Defence argued against its admissibility because of an inducement
emanating from the CNB officer SSS Muhammad Fardlie Bin Ramlie (“the
Recorder”), who recorded the contemporaneous statement. Taken together with
the withdrawal symptoms the Accused was suffering from, the requirements in s
258(3) of the CPC were satisfied such as to make the contemporaneous statement
inadmissible. Alternatively, the Accused’s withdrawal symptoms meant that the
Court should exercise its discretion, recognised in Muhammad bin Kadar and
another v Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 1205 (“Kadar”), to exclude the
evidence as any probative value was outweighed by the prejudicial effect. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DCS at paras 35-59.

29 The Prosecution took the point that the question raised was not one that
went to the admissibility of the contemporaneous statement, but only its
reliability. It submitted that one of the situations in which an ancillary
hearing would not be triggered was where the statement is alleged to have been
irregularly recorded. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE 31 Jul 18, p 18 at lines 15-25.

The Prosecution also submitted that Explanation 2 to s 258 of the CPC rendered
the statement admissible automatically. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE 31 Jul 18, p 18 at lines 20-25.

In any event, it argued that the contemporaneous statement was not obtained by
an inducement, and that the Accused was not in fact suffering from withdrawal
symptoms at the time.

Inducement

30 Section 258 of the CPC is the provision which governs the admissibility of
an accused person’s statements. For convenience, the relevant portions are set
out:

Admissibility of accused’s statements

258.—(1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3), where any person is charged with
an offence, any statement made by the person, whether it is oral or in
writing, made at any time, whether before or after the person is charged and
whether or not in the course of any investigation carried out by any law
enforcement agency, is admissible in evidence at his trial; and if that person
tenders himself as a witness, any such statement may be used in cross-
examination and for the purpose of impeaching his credit.

…

(3) The court shall refuse to admit the statement of an accused or allow it to
be used in the manner referred to in subsection (1) if the making of the
statement appears to the court to have been caused by any inducement, threat
or promise having reference to the charge against the accused, proceeding from
a person in authority and sufficient, in the opinion of the court, to give the
accused grounds which would appear to him reasonable for supposing that by
making the statement he would gain any advantage or avoid any evil of a
temporal nature in reference to the proceedings against him.

Explanation 1 — If a statement is obtained from an accused by a person in
authority who had acted in such a manner that his acts tend to sap and have in
fact sapped the free will of the maker of the statement, and the court is of
the opinion that such acts gave the accused grounds which would appear to the
accused reasonable for supposing that by making the statement, he would gain
any advantage or avoid any evil of a temporal nature in reference to the
proceedings against him, such acts will amount to a threat, an inducement or a
promise, as the case may be, which will render the statement inadmissible.

Explanation 2 — If a statement is otherwise admissible, it will not be
rendered inadmissible merely because it was made in any of the following
circumstances:

…

(b) when the accused was intoxicated;

…

31 The case of Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 619
(“Kelvin Chai”) held that the test for voluntariness involves both an
objective element and a subjective element (at [53]):

…The test of voluntariness is applied in a manner which is partly objective
and partly subjective. The objective limb is satisfied if there is a threat,
inducement or promise, and the subjective limb when the threat, inducement or
promise operates on the mind of the particular accused through hope of escape
or fear of punishment connected with the charge…

32 The Defence alleged that the Accused was told by the Recorder to “make it
fast” so the Accused could then rest. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defence’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at para 13.

At this time, the Accused was labouring under the confluence of a lack of
sleep, the effects of methamphetamine consumption and withdrawal symptoms from
diamorphine consumption. The Recorder’s statement thus amounted to an
inducement for the Accused to agree to what was put so the statement recording
could be completed, and the Accused could then rest. The Accused’s contention
was supported by the fact that the statement itself was recorded very briskly
over 32 minutes. The Accused also subsequently overheard the Recorder telling
another CNB officer that the former wished to attend an event just after the
recording of the statement, which supported the point that the contemporaneous
statement was recorded hurriedly.

33 I also noted that there was some suggestion by the Defence in its written
submissions for the ancillary hearing that it would have been difficult for
the Recorder to have, in the span of 32 minutes, shown the various exhibits to
the Accused, recorded the Accused’s answers to the 29 questions verbatim, read
the contemporaneous statement back to the Accused and obtain his signature on
every page. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defence’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at para 16.

Rather, the statement was not in fact read back to the Accused, and he was
only asked to sign upon its completion. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE 3 August 18, p 59 at lines 6-9.

While these arguments were included in respect of the Defence’s arguments on
inducement, they actually appeared to be allegations of non-compliance with
the statutory requirements, or even of fabrication of the contemporaneous
statement on the part of the Recorder. After all, many of the questions
involved the Accused identifying the nature of various exhibits: If these
exhibits were not shown to the Accused, it would have been impossible for him
to have identified them.

34 The Prosecution argued that there was no inducement. Any exhortation by the
Recorder to make it fast, was not true. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Prosecution’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at paras 5-9.

This allegation was not in fact put to the Recorder during cross-examination.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Prosecution’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at para 7.

The contemporaneous statement did not support the Accused’s contentions: the
questions put were open ended, and were not such as to cause a statement to be
recorded hurriedly, or to allow the Accused to, as he claimed, just agree to
what was put to him. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Prosecution’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at para 8.

In any case, such an exhortation had no reference to the charge, as required
by s 258(3) of the CPC and interpreted in Poh Kay Keong v Public Prosecutor
[1995] 3 SLR(R) 887 (“Poh Kay Keong”). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Prosecution’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at paras 10-13.

Inducement, threat or promise

35 The alleged exhortation did not operate as an inducement, threat or
promise. The objective limb of the test in Kelvin Chai required a
consideration of whether there was objectively an inducement, threat or
promise. I was of the view that there must be some reasonable basis for the
accused person’s interpretation of what was said as being an inducement,
threat or promise. On this score, the alleged inducement was too vague: “make
it fast then you go and rest” did not involve any quid pro quo, or suggest
consequences that would befall the Accused if he failed to give a statement.
Certainly, some promise or threat could be read in, on some interpretations,
but this would not be enough to raise a reasonable doubt about the
voluntariness of the statement.

Reference to the charge

36 For completeness, I will deal with the Prosecution’s argument that the
exhortation had no reference to the charge against the Accused. I was of the
view that the requirement should not be narrowly construed, and that the
context had to be considered.

37 In Poh Kay Keong, the Court of Appeal, in relation to the then s 24 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1990 Rev Ed), which contained similar wording to s
258(3) of the CPC save that it applied only to confessions, held that the
phrase “having reference to the charge against the accused” should not be
construed strictly and literally. Such an approach would not accord with the
legislative purpose that a confession brought about as a result of an
inducement, threat or promise is unreliable and therefore should be excluded
(at [42]). The Court of Appeal went on further to opine that in the course of
obtaining a confession, a threat to have an accused person beaten up, or even
to have his siblings beaten up, would have the requisite reference to the
charge against him (at [41]).

38 It is clear that the same reasoning applies with equal force to statements
of the accused person sought to be admitted under s 258 of the CPC. Statements
obtained from accused persons through the use of an inducement, threat or
promise are not reliable and should be excluded from evidence. No authority
was cited to me for the proposition that a different approach should be
applied in construing s 258(3) of the CPC.

39 Here, the alleged exhortation to the Accused was to “[m]ake it fast then
you go and rest”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE 2 Aug 18, p 129 at lines 23-25.

On a strict and literal construction, such an exhortation would have no
reference to the charge. However, viewed in context, one possible
interpretation would be that the object and purpose of the exhortation was to
induce the Accused to make a statement in relation to the charge. This would
have clearly had reference to the charge against the Accused.

Whether the exhortation was in fact made

40 More importantly, I found that the evidence established beyond a reasonable
doubt that the exhortation was not in fact made. The testimony and conditioned
statement of the Recorder did not disclose any such exhortation being made.
There was nothing to show that the Recorder’s evidence should be doubted: he
was clear in his denial, and nothing in the circumstances or other evidence
showed any reasonable possibility that the Recorder was wrong or giving false
evidence. The Accused’s assertion could not then raise any reasonable doubt.

41 If anything, the circumstances seem to point the other way. I accepted the
Prosecution’s submissions that the use of open-ended questions was not
conducive for a statement being recorded in response to such an exhortation.

The Withdrawal Symptoms

The general discretion to exclude evidence

42 The Defence invoked the court’s common law discretion to exclude relevant
evidence if its prejudicial effect outweighed its probative value. The Defence
relied on the case of Public Prosecutor v Dahalan bin Ladaewa [1995] 2 SLR(R)
124 (“Dahalan”) for the proposition that drug withdrawal could be a basis for
finding that a statement was given involuntarily and that Kadar provided a
basis for excluding voluntary statements where the prejudicial effect of the
evidence exceeds its probative value, even if the evidence is otherwise
admissible.

43 The Prosecution, in oral arguments, submitted that Explanation 2 to s 258
of the CPC applied, rendering the statement admissible (see above at [30]). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 31 Jul 18, p 18 at lines 15-25.

44 The first question to weigh was whether Dahalan survived the introduction
of Explanation 2 to s 258 of the CPC, as there was no equivalent provision in
either the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1990 Rev Ed) or Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 1985 Rev Ed) in force at the time of the decision in that case. I did not
find that Explanation 2 was meant to overrule Dahalan. The Court of Appeal in
Kadar identified the discretion exercised by the court in Dahalan as the same
common law discretion to exclude prejudicial evidence that it went on to apply
in excluding the accused person’s statement (Kadar at [53]). Such statements
are not excluded because they are involuntary per se (as the Defence appeared
to argue), but rather because of the serious concerns with their reliability
(Kadar at [55]). While the version of the CPC in force at the time of the
decision in Kadar did not contain Explanation 2, I did not think that its
insertion overruled the Kadar discretion to exclude prejudicial evidence with
respect to statements obtained while an accused person is allegedly labouring
under the effects of drug withdrawal. During the second reading of the
Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (Bill No 15 of 2010), Minister for Law Mr K
Shanmugam clarified the scope of Explanation 2 (Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (19 May 2010) vol 87 at col 556):

Mr Kumar asked if it was fair to use statements made by a person who is so
intoxicated that he has not realised the implications of the statements. and
the short answer is this: if the person did not know what he was saying,
either because he was intoxicated or because of language difficulties, then
that is not his true statement and it cannot be used against him. the Court
has the task of deciding whether the maker knew what he was saying, and that
the statement was made voluntarily.

Even if I had accepted the Prosecution’s argument that the term “intoxicated”
in Explanation 2 encompassed drug withdrawal symptoms, Explanation 2 did not
leave the Kadar discretion with no room to operate where an accused person’s
statement is disputed on grounds of drug withdrawal.

45 It was thus clear that flowing from Kadar, the court retains a discretion
separate from the statutory provisions, to exclude otherwise relevant evidence
if it is prejudicial, and such prejudice could arise from the effect of drug
withdrawal symptoms. But whether any prejudice arose in the present case would
depend on the evidence adduced. An ancillary hearing was thus convened under s
279 of the CPC.

Whether the Accused was suffering from withdrawal symptoms

46 It was undisputed that the Accused was found to be suffering from
withdrawal symptoms from 25 June 2016 to 27 June 2016. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Agreed Bundle at p 208-209.

The dispute between the parties was whether the accused was subject to these
symptoms at the time of the giving of the contemporaneous statement on 23 June
2016.

47 The Defence argued that he was suffering from withdrawal symptoms at the
time of the giving of the statement, relying on evidence from the Accused,
another accused person who saw him and the expert opinion of a psychiatrist.
The evidence of the arresting officers that he appeared fine should be
discounted as they were not medical experts. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defence’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at paras 25-27.

The doctors who examined him prior to and after his cautioned statement was
taken a day later on 24 June 2016 were not specialists, were not focussed on
drug withdrawal symptoms and saw the Accused only for a short while. Any drug
withdrawal symptoms could also have been temporarily alleviated by showers,
which the Accused had before the pre and post statement medical examinations.
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defence’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at paras 28-30.

48 The Prosecution argued that the medical evidence showed that the Accused
was not likely to be suffering from drug withdrawal when the statement was
recorded. The Prosecution relied on the evidence of the arresting officers and
examining doctors, who did not see anything of concern. The doctors in
particular saw no withdrawal symptoms and found the Accused to appear alert
and well. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Prosecution’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at paras 17-42.

(1) The medical evidence

49 Dr Yak Si Mian (“Dr Yak”) and Dr Raymond Lim conducted the Accused’s pre
and post statement medical examinations respectively on 24 June 2016. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AB at p 195; AB at pp 198-199.

They both testified that they did not detect any drug withdrawal symptoms in
the course of their examinations of the Accused. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE 31 July 18, p 72 at lines 13-19; NE 1 Aug 18, p 115 at lines 18-31.

50 The fact that both Dr Yak and Dr Raymond Lim did not detect any untoward
symptoms pointed strongly against the assertions of the Accused. Though they
were not specifically concerned with the identification of withdrawal
symptoms, they would have, assuming they performed their examinations
properly, been expected to observe at least some of the possible symptoms of
withdrawal. Both doctors denied seeing anything of that nature and I did not
see any reason to take issue with their examinations of the Accused.

51 The Accused was then referred to the CNB’s Cluster Medical Centre for drug
withdrawal assessment, which took place from 25 June 2016 to 28 June 2016.
During this, he was assessed daily by a different doctor for drug withdrawal
symptoms utilising the Clinical Opiate Withdrawal Scale (“COWS”). Based on a
report prepared by Dr Edwin Lymen Vethamony dated 15 August 2016, the
Accused’s COWS score was “13” on 25 June 2016, going down to “7” on 26 June
2016 and 27 June 2016. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AB at pp 208-209.

This was in the moderate range for drug withdrawal symptoms. As noted by the
Defence, while this was an assessment of the physical symptoms, it would
involve both objective and subjective elements, which could lead to
differences in the conclusions. On the facts of the case here, what was
pertinent was that the COWS score was apparently, when it was administered, at
the peak around the 25 June 2016, two days after the contemporaneous statement
was given on 23 June 2016.

52 There was disagreement about the COWS score to be given for 26 June 2016,
the second day of the drug withdrawal assessment. The Defence expert, Dr Lim
Yun Chin (“Dr YC Lim”), indicated that he would have given the Accused a
higher score than the “7” given by the examining doctor, because the Accused
was having gastrointestinal problems. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE 21 Aug 18, p 62 at lines 19-31, p 63 at lines 1-4.

But, as submitted by the Prosecution, this would not have pushed the Accused’s
COWS score into anything beyond the range of mild drug withdrawal symptoms.

53 The Defence’s arguments were based on the evidence of Dr YC Lim, who
testified that withdrawal symptoms could occur six hours after the last
consumption of diamorphine and peak from anywhere between six and 72 hours. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE 21 Aug 18, p 89 at lines 10-13.

Based on the reported COWS scores of the Accused from 25 – 27 June 2016, Dr YC
Lim extrapolated that the Accused was likely experiencing withdrawal symptoms
corresponding to a higher COWS score than the “13” recorded on 25 June 2016.
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Exhibit D3 at p 4.

54 As against this, the Prosecution relied on the evidence of Dr Lee Kim Huat
Jason (“Dr Lee”), a psychiatrist with the Institute of Mental Health. Dr Lee
testified that diamorphine withdrawal would show up generally from eight to 12
hours after last use, and peak at 24 to 48 hours. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE 1 Aug 18, p 36 at lines 25-27, p 42 at lines 17-21.

Based on the Accused’s claim that he had last consumed heroin on the morning
of 23 June 2016, Dr Lee did not expect to observe severe withdrawal symptoms
from the Accused during the recording of the contemporaneous statement at
about 6pm. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE 1 Aug 18, p 42 at lines 1-5.

At the time of the Accused’s arrest and the taking of the contemporaneous
statement, the arresting officers and Recorder did not observe any symptoms
that would have been expected had the Accused been suffering from severe
withdrawal symptoms at the time, i.e. drowsiness, diarrhoea, and a running
nose. Furthermore, the Accused was according to his own testimony able to
function, carrying out his daily activities at the time.

55 I preferred the Prosecution’s medical evidence. In any event, there was no
significant difference in the assessments of Dr YC Lim and Dr Lee. The
evidence of both doctors was that withdrawal symptoms did not operate
immediately once consumption of diamorphine stopped: there would have been a
time lag before withdrawal symptoms start to manifest. Dr YC Lim’s testimony
was that the onset of withdrawal symptoms could occur within six hours, with
symptoms peaking within 72 hours before subsiding. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE 21 Aug 18, p 87 at lines 7-11.

This was compared to Dr Lee’s timeframe of eight to 12 hours for the onset of
withdrawal symptoms, with the peak at 24 to 48 hours. The primary difference
related to when peak withdrawal symptoms would occur, with Dr YC Lim stating
that they could occur anywhere between six and 72 hours, and Dr Lee taking the
position that they peaked between 24 and 48 hours.

56 To my mind, what mattered most was the severity of the withdrawal symptoms,
if any, that the Accused was suffering from at the time of the giving of the
contemporaneous statement. Here, the Defence’s position that the Accused was
indeed suffering from such severe symptoms ran up against the absence of any
observation of such symptoms. The arresting officers, Dr Raymond Lim and Dr
Yak all testified to not having witnessed such symptoms from the Accused. The
Defence argued that the Prosecution witnesses were not reliable on this score
as they were not trained medical experts specialising in drug withdrawal. This
missed the point: their evidence here was sought not on the basis of the
medical expertise or knowledge, but just on whether they did in fact observe
anything that could have been withdrawal symptoms. The absence of such
evidence pointed against the Defence version of events. The Defence was also
unable to show that these witnesses were giving false evidence.

57 I did not accept portions of the medical expert evidence of Dr YC Lim,
particularly his backwards extrapolation of the Accused’s COWS scores to
conclude that he would have been suffering from more severe withdrawal
symptoms at the time of the taking of the contemporaneous statement. Dr YC
Lim’s arguments in favour of an extrapolation was not supported. He did not
conduct the examinations in question on the Accused. His extrapolation was
also contradicted by the observations of Dr Raymond Lim and Dr Yak. It seemed
to me unlikely that the Accused could have been suffering from severe
withdrawal on 23 June 2016 when the contemporaneous statement was recorded,
demonstrate no observable withdrawal symptoms on 24 June 2016, and then
exhibit withdrawal symptoms again from 25 – 27 June 2016. This went against
his own account of how withdrawal symptoms typically manifest in a sigmoid
curve, with the symptoms going up “very fast” before declining at a gentle
pace. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE 21 Aug 18, p 88 at lines 5-7, 19-23.

Further, as noted by the Prosecution, his report was partly based on the
assumption that the Accused was indeed suffering from withdrawal at the time
of the giving of the contemporaneous statement. This was based on the
Accused’s own reporting, which was the very thing to be proven. I accepted
that withdrawal is a complex condition, but when viewed in that light I
concluded that the Defence did not raise any reasonable doubt.

(2) The evidence from the other witnesses

58 The Defence adduced the evidence of one Zainudin Bin Atan (“Zainudin”), who
had been arrested at about 6pm on 23 June 2016 and saw the Accused at an
exhibit room. Zainudin testified that the Accused appeared to be “blur” and
was “dozing off”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE 21 Aug 18, p 41 at lines 1-9.

It was argued by the Defence that this showed that the Accused was indeed not
able to give his statement voluntarily.

59 This evidence was not relied upon substantially in the Defence’s
submissions. In any case, Zainudin’s observations had to be weighed up against
the other evidence examined above. Zainudin’s testimony essentially was that
the Accused appeared tired and sleepy. This did not indicate that the Accused
was suffering from drug withdrawal, much less drug withdrawal of the sort that
would have cast doubts on the reliability of the contemporaneous statement.
Zainudin’s testimony also had to be seen against the testimony of Dr Yak and
Dr Raymond Lim, who had examined the Accused the next day on 24 June 2016 and
did not observe him to have been suffering from any withdrawal symptoms.

(3) Conclusion on the withdrawal symptoms

60 I was not persuaded that the Accused was indeed suffering from any
withdrawal symptoms at the time of the making of the contemporaneous
statement. As noted above, I preferred the evidence of the Prosecution as
regards the medical evidence. There was insufficient evidence supporting the
Accused’s version that would raise any reasonable doubt. Turning then to the
drug withdrawal, I accepted that this could operate as a separate ground on
which a court could exercise its common law discretion to exclude evidence
where its prejudicial effect outweighs its probative value, as indicated by
the guidance given by the Court of Appeal decision in Kadar. However, the mere
fact that an accused person is suffering from drug withdrawal is not by itself
sufficient to give rise to relevant prejudice, but must be such as to raise
serious doubts as to the reliability of the statement (e.g. if there are
doubts whether the statement is in fact that of the accused person).

61 I accepted the evidence of the Prosecution witnesses that the Accused was
not at the point of the recording of the contemporaneous statement in such a
state. The arresting officers and medical examiners were clear on this. Other
aspects of the evidence adduced, including that of the Accused at the exhibit
room, could be explained on other grounds. I thus found that the statement was
given voluntarily.

62 I should also note that the Prosecution had relied on the cogency of the
very statement that was to be admitted to show that the Accused was not
suffering from any withdrawal symptoms. I was of the view that this was
begging the question: the statement had to be shown to be admissible from
other evidence before it could be considered as evidence itself.

Possession

63 The Court of Appeal’s decision in Adili Chibuike Ejike v Public Prosecutor
[2019] SGCA 38 at [31] (“Adili”), which was released on 27 May 2019 after my
decision in the present case, clarified the law in relation to the element of
possession for the purposes of offences under s 5 and s 7 of the MDA:

(a) First, possession for the purposes of the MDA entails physical possession,
and knowledge of the item held in possession. It is not necessary that the
accused person knows of the nature of the item, that is, whether it is a
controlled drug or otherwise (at [31])

(b) Second, knowledge of the existence of the item is distinguished from
knowledge as an element of trafficking and importation under s 5 and s 7 of
the MDA respectively, that is, knowledge of the specific drug (at [32]–[33],
citing Zainal bin Hamad v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR
1119 and Obeng Comfort v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 633).

(c) Third, inadvertent possession on the part of an accused person, such as
when the drugs are planted on him without his knowledge, would not satisfy the
legal requirements of possession (at [34]).

(d) Fourth, possession for the purposes of offences under s 5 and s 7 of the
MDA is distinguishable from that under s 8(a), which requires knowledge of the
nature of the drugs found to either be proven or presumed under s 18(2) (at
[35]).

Proof of actual possession

64 From the contemporaneous statement, the Accused knew that the drugs in
question were in his room, and further admitted to ownership of them: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Exhibit P137.

Q1: Pointing to the two black bundles recovered from the cupboard. “What is
this?”

A1: “Heroin.”

Q2: “Whose is it?”

A2: “Mine.”

…

Q6: Pointing to a plastic pkt containing granular substance recovered from the
cupboard. “What is this?”

A6: “Heroin.”

Q7: “Whose is it?”

A7: “Mine.”

This alone would be sufficient to satisfy the possession element of the charge
against the Accused under s 5 of the MDA.

65 The reliability of the contemporaneous statement was buttressed by the fact
that it was corroborated by extrinsic evidence. In the contemporaneous
statement, the Accused accurately identified the nature of various drug
exhibits and was even able to state that the exhibit marked A4 contained fake
drugs. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Exhibit P137 at Q9-Q23.

There was no way for the Recorder to have known this prior to the completion
of the Health Sciences Authority’s analysis. To my mind, this was strong
evidence of the reliability of the contemporaneous statement.

66 Even if I was wrong on the admissibility of the contemporaneous statement
and the weight to be placed on it, possession would still have been made out
on other evidence.

67 The drugs in question were found in a wardrobe in a room occupied by the
Accused. I accepted the evidence of the arresting officers that the drugs in
question were recovered from a drawer in the wardrobe, alongside other drug
exhibits which the Accused admitted to ownership of. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE 31 July 18, p 80 at lines 1-31.

While the Accused disputed that the other drug exhibits were recovered from
that drawer, claiming instead that they were located in a different drawer in
the wardrobe, I did not accept his evidence. The testimony of the arresting
officers was that exhibits recovered from different locations in the wardrobe
would have been marked with different letters to identify where they were
found. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE 2 Aug 18, p 41 at lines 2-26.

This procedure was adopted with respect to exhibits recovered from other
locations in the room, with exhibits from the bedside table being marked with
the prefix “B” and exhibits from under the Accused’s bed being marked with the
prefix “C”. As against this, the Accused’s testimony on where the other drug
exhibits were located was inconsistent. During the ancillary hearing, the
Accused testified that an electronic weighing scale (Exhibit A7) and some
polka-dotted pink packets (Exhibit A8) were located beside the top drawer, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE 3 Aug 18, p 77 at lines 26-30.

whereas during the main trial his version was that they were kept in the top
drawer. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE 26 Feb 19, p 72 at lines 26-32.

These inconsistencies led me to reject the Accused’s account of where the drug
exhibits, including the drugs in question, were recovered from.

68 There was nothing adduced that would substantiate the Accused’s version of
the drugs in question having been put there by anyone else. The drugs in
question were not hidden away as a secret stash: they were found in a drawer
in a wardrobe used by the Accused. His clothes and various other personal
effects were elsewhere in the wardrobe. That room he was in was also the only
room that he occupied in the rented flat. His bed, where he appeared to spend
a considerable time in while in the room was right next to the wardrobe, and
the packages would have been in his direct line of sight. Even if he were
under the influence of drugs at various points, he would have noticed the
packages in his moments of lucidity. For someone to have left the drugs there
without his knowing of it was beyond any reasonable belief.

69 Given all of this, the necessary inference was that the Accused had
ownership of and actually possessed the drugs in question. The possibility
that the drugs were those of another person, put into the room, without the
knowledge of the Accused was untenable and against all reasonable doubt.

Presumption under s 18(1)(c).

70 There was some question of whether possession of the drugs in question
could be presumed under s 18(1)(c), which reads:

Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs

18.—(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or
under his control —

…

(c) the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof in which a
controlled drug is found…

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

71 There was no question of wilful blindness in the present case, unlike in
Adili.

72 The Prosecution argued that the presumption applied and was not rebutted.
The Accused had the keys to his room in his possession, and the drugs were
found in that room. The Accused failed, the Prosecution contended, to rebut
that presumption. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PCS at paras 64-80.

73 The Defence argued that the presumption could not apply as a person named
Jepun also possessed a set of keys to the room in which the drugs in question
were found. The room was also, at various times, used by the Accused and
various other persons to consume drugs. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DCS at para 67.

74 What needed to be determined were the following issues:

(a) How the presumption in s 18(1)(c) of the MDA operates;

(b) Whether the presumption was triggered in the present case; and

(c) If the presumption was triggered, whether the Appellant had rebutted it on
a balance of probabilities.

75 The presumption in s 18(1)(c) of the MDA requires that it be proven that
the accused person had the keys to the room or premises where drugs are found
in his possession, custody or control. In the present case, there was no doubt
that the Accused had the material keys in his possession.

76 Given the nature of the presumption, which goes to proving the possession
element of an offence under s 5 of the MDA, a possible reading would be that
it must be proved that the keys found in the Accused’s possession are the only
keys to the room: if someone else possessed a copy of the keys, there would be
little justification for any sort of presumption to apply. This appeared to be
the reasoning adopted by the Court of Appeal’s decision in Poon Soh Har, where
it found that the presumption was inapplicable as the accused person in that
case did not have all the keys to the letterbox in which the drugs were found.

77  The Prosecution argued that Poon Soh Har was distinguishable as it was
concerned with a situation in which the keys were held by multiple occupants,
who were accepted as having copies of the keys in question. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PCS at para 69.

In contrast, there was no agreement in the present case on whether another
person held keys to the rented room. The Prosecution did not accept the
Accused’s claim that another person, Jepun, also held copies of keys to the
room where the drugs in question were found. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PCS at para 76.

78 I was of the view that there was force in the view that, for the
presumption in s 18(1)(c) to be triggered, it must be shown that there were no
others who could have had access to the premises; if multiple persons had
access because they held copies of the keys, then it is difficult to see why a
presumption that can only be rebutted on the balance of probabilities should
be triggered. That appeared to me to be the basis of the decision in Poon Soh
Har.

79 The Prosecution raised the case of Public Prosecutor v Tan Lye Heng [2017]
5 SLR 564 (“Tan Lye Heng”), in which the scope of the decision in Poon Soh Har
was discussed. The Prosecution seemed to be arguing that Steven Chong JA
(“Chong JA”) in Tan Lye Heng expressed some concerns about the effect of Poon
Soh Har. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PCS at paras 78-80.

This was not of much assistance as the conclusion ultimately reached by Chong
JA was that Poon Soh Har had not been overruled and remained good law:

118 … none of the cases post-Poon Soh Har considered the applicability of the
presumption in a situation where the accused does not have possession of all
the keys to the premises where the controlled drugs were found. Hence, I would
be slow to conclude that these subsequent Court of Appeal cases have
implicitly overruled Poon Soh Har. However, in the light of the recent
pronouncements by the Court of Appeal in Raman Selvam, Sharom and Obeng
Comfort, it would be timely to revisit Poon Soh Har when the opportunity
should arise in future. [emphasis in original]

80 I could not disregard the Court of Appeal’s decision, and I could not
conclude that Tan Lye Heng laid down a different test. In Tan Lye Heng, it was
not disputed that another person had the keys, leaving the presumption
displaced. I did not read Tan Lye Heng as requiring that possession by
multiple persons be undisputed before the presumption could be found to be
rebutted. Given the consequences of the operation of s 18(1), I agreed that
the onus should lie on the prosecution to show that there was no other person
in possession of the keys before the presumption was triggered. In any event,
the presumption was not necessary as I found, above, that the Accused knew
that the drugs in question were there and that they belonged to him, meaning
that the element of possession was made out.

Knowledge of nature of drugs

81 I found that the Accused knew that the drugs in question were diamorphine.
This flowed from his contemporaneous statement, where he expressly admitted
that he knew that the drugs in question were diamorphine (see [64] above).

Presumption under s 18(2)

82 In any event, the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA would
have operated against the Accused, and it would not have been tenable for him
to rebut it.

83 Section 18(2) of the MDA reads:

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

84 The Accused’s case was that he did not have possession of the drugs in
question as they were placed in the wardrobe by someone else without his
knowledge. It was not his case that the drugs in question were in his
possession but he did not know that they were diamorphine, and he did not lead
any evidence to that effect. Given that I found against the Accused on the
issue of possession of the drugs in question (see [64]–[69] above), it
followed that the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA would have
gone unrebutted.

Possession for the purposes of trafficking

85 I was satisfied that it was proven beyond a reasonable doubt that Accused
had the drugs to traffic.

86 In the contemporaneous statement, the Accused admitted that the drugs in
question were for sale, and further detailed the profit he expected to earn:
65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Exhibit P137

Q1: Pointing to the two black bundles recovered from the cupboard. “What is
this?”

A1: “Heroin.”

Q2: “Whose is it?”

A2: “Mine.”

Q3: “What is it for?”

A3: “For smoke and sale.”

Q4: “How do you sell?”

A4: “I make set. One set I sell $800/-.”

Q5: “that two bundle can get how many set?”

A5: “About 100 pkt. About 10 sets.”

Q6: Pointing to a plastic pkt containing granular substance recovered from the
cupboard. “What is this?”

A6: “Heroin.”

Q7: “Whose is it?”

A7: “Mine.”

Q8: “What is it for?”

A8: “Same also. For smoke and sale.”

87 Other evidence also indicated that the Accused had intended to traffic the
drugs in question. As noted by the Prosecution, the Accused was found with
drug trafficking paraphernalia. The quantity of the drugs in question also
indicated that the Accused had intended to traffic them. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PCS at paras 96-97.

The drugs forming the subject of the charge against the Accused had a gross
weight of 1520.23 grams and were found to contain 52.75 grams of diamorphine.
This was more than three times the amount required to attract capital
punishment. While the Accused claimed to have had some of the drugs in
question for consumption, this was not substantiated by any evidence from him.
Indeed, any defence of consumption would have contradicted the Accused’s claim
that he did not know of the three packets containing the drugs in question
(comprising 49.86 grams of diamorphine). He could not, given his stance, have
been able to consistently allege that any of the drugs in question would have
been for his consumption.

88 The fact that the Accused had other packets of drugs in his possession, at
least some of which was meant for sale, was also incriminating: the Accused
was involved in the drug trade by his own admission, and was not a pure
consumer. Against this backdrop, the irresistible inference was that the drugs
in question were meant for sale, rather than being purely for consumption as
well.

89 The presumption under s 17(c) of the MDA was thus not necessary, but would
have been applicable, though the Prosecution did not invoke it. The facts
above would have meant that the Accused could not have rebutted that
presumption on the balance of probabilities.

90 As for the Accused’s claims that he only trafficked in a non-capital amount
of diamorphine, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCS at para 92.

this was simply a bare assertion. The evidence established that the Accused
intended to traffic in the drugs in question. It was also apparent from the
Accused’s testimony at trial that he did not know what amount of diamorphine
would attract a capital charge. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE 26 Feb 19, p 87 at lines 15-21.

In the circumstances, I rejected the Accused’s claim that he only intended to
traffic in a non-capital amount of diamorphine.

Miscellaneous

91 The Accused took issue with various aspects of the investigations, alleging
that there were various leads that were not followed through. Any such
allegation of insufficient investigation could not take the Accused very far:
the burden was on the Prosecution to prove its case beyond a reasonable doubt,
and if there were any shortcomings resulting in insufficient evidence, that
would have been grounds for an acquittal. As it was, whatever shortcomings
existed were not such as to undermine the Prosecution’s case.

Sentencing

92 The Accused, having been convicted of the charge was subject to sentencing
under s 33B of the MDA, which prescribes the death penalty unless the accused
person is a courier and either has a certificate of substantive assistance or
is found to have been suffering from an abnormality of mind. As the Accused
was found to have had the drugs for sale, he did not qualify for the
alternative sentencing regime, and accordingly the death sentence was passed
against him.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

April Phang, Zulhafni Zulkeflee and Desmond Chong for the Prosecution;  
Anand Nalachandran (TSMP Law Corporation), Lim Wei Ming, Keith (Quahe Woo &
Palmer LLC), and Koh Weijin, Leon (N S Kang) for the accused.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

