Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 211

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9166 of 2017

Between

Ho Mei Xia Hannah  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

Criminal Motion No 22 of 2018

Between

Ho Mei Xia Hannah  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Newton hearings]  
[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Mentally disordered
offenders]  
Young offenders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ho Mei Xia Hannah

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor and another matter

[2019] SGHC 211

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9166 of 2017 and Criminal Motion No 22 of
2018  
See Kee Oon J  
14 February; 6 April; 16 May; 1 October; 6 December 2018; 22 February; 3 May;
16 July 2019

10 September 2019--

See Kee Oon J:

1 This was an appeal against the sentences imposed by the District Judge in
Public Prosecutor v Hannah Ho Mei Xia [2017] SGDC 180 (the “GD”) on the basis
that they were manifestly excessive and wrong in principle.

2 Two main issues arose for determination in this appeal: first, whether the
appellant’s Persistent Depressive Disorder (“PDD”) had a causal or
contributory link to the commission of the offences, and, second, what the
dominant sentencing consideration was in the present case.

3 The first issue arose following the appellant’s Criminal Motion to admit a
psychiatric report prepared by Dr John Bosco Lee (“Dr Lee”) as well as the
psychiatric reports from the Institute of Mental Health which had been applied
for as of 24 April 2018. I admitted the evidence as I found that sufficient
reasons had been provided as to why the documents had not been produced
earlier and they appeared to be relevant and credible. Subsequently, the
respondent tendered a report by Dr Derrick Yeo (“Dr Yeo”) from the Institute
of Mental Health (“IMH”) which I admitted in evidence as well. The two
psychiatrists diagnosed the appellant to be suffering from PDD but diverged in
their conclusions on whether there was a causal or contributory link between
her PDD and the commission of the offences. As such, a Newton Hearing was
convened and both psychiatrists underwent cross-examination on 22 February and
3 May 2019.

4 Having heard the psychiatrists and considered the evidence before me, I
dismissed the appeal on 16 July 2019. I set out the grounds for my decision
below.

Facts

5 The appellant pleaded guilty to three charges, which comprised a charge
under each of the following provisions:

(a) s 20 of the Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and Nuisance) Act (Cap
184, 1997 Rev Ed) (“MOA”) for disorderly behaviour (enhanced) (“the s 20 MOA
charge”);

(b) s 332 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) for voluntarily causing
hurt to a public servant (“the s 332 Penal Code charge”); and

(c) s 6(3) of the Protection from Harassment Act (Cap 256A, 2015 Rev Ed)
(“POHA”) for using abusive words towards a public servant (“the s 6(3) POHA
charge”).

6 The District Judge sentenced the appellant to imprisonment terms of one
week, 20 weeks, and two weeks respectively. The one week and 20 weeks’
imprisonment terms were ordered to run consecutively, for a total of 21 weeks’
imprisonment. Two other charges for voluntarily causing hurt to a public
servant under s 332 of the Penal Code were taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing.

7 All five offences took place at St James Power Station located at 3 Sentosa
Gateway between 5.55am and 6.05am on 3 July 2016. The appellant shouted at the
top of her voice and gestured wildly at another group of party-goers. This
attracted the attention of Sgt Nasharhrudin bin Fasulludi (“Sgt Din”), who
told the appellant to calm down. However, she continued shouting and behaving
in a disorderly manner. This was the subject of the s 20 MOA charge. The
appellant had been previously convicted under the same provision on 25 April
2016 and was therefore liable for enhanced punishment.

8 When she started to approach the group of party-goers she had been shouting
at, Sgt Din intervened and told her that he was placing her under arrest for
disorderly behaviour. As he attempted to handcuff her, she punched him,
causing him to sustain a bruise that was 1cm in diameter over the left
infraorbital region. This was the subject of one of the s 332 Penal Code
charges which was taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing.

9 Sgt Wilson Tang (“Sgt Tang”) and his partner then assisted Sgt Din in
handcuffing the appellant. While they were doing so, the appellant kicked Sgt
Tang on the thigh and bit him on his right shoulder. Sgt Tang sustained a 2cm
by 2cm hematoma over his right shoulder. The appellant’s acts in voluntarily
causing hurt to Sgt Tang constituted the offence in the s 332 Penal Code
charge.

10 Thereafter, the appellant was handcuffed and handed over to Sgt Andy Tan
Yong Hao (“Sgt Tan”), who was tasked to transport her to the police station.
She continued shouting and Sgt Tan told her to keep quiet. She then kicked him
on his left thigh with her right leg. This was the subject of the other s 332
Penal Code charge that was taken into consideration for the purposes of
sentencing.

11 The appellant then uttered the abusive words “ni na bei chee bai”, meaning
“your mother’s vagina”, to Sgt Tan. This was the subject of the s 6(3) POHA
charge.

12 After the appellant was placed in the police vehicle, she went on to say
the following to Sgt Tan:

(a) “Blue shirt pui!”

(b) “Government dog!”

(c) “Earn 3k, can survive meh?”

(d) “Ni na beh chee bye!”, meaning “your mother’s vagina”.

(e) “You drive so recklessly hope your mother and father die from your
driving!”

(f) “Eh pull up my jacket la rapist!”

Decision below

13 The appellant was 20 years of age when she committed the offences and when
she was convicted of the three charges. The District Judge observed that if
the appellant’s age had been the sole consideration, the predominant
sentencing principle would be that of rehabilitation. However, the District
Judge applied the framework set out in Public Prosecutor v Mohammad Al-Ansari
bin Basri [2008] 1 SLR(R) 449 (“Al-Ansari”) and went on to consider the nature
of the offence and the offender: GD at [35].

14 On the nature of the offence, the District Judge held that the appellant’s
offences against police officers had to be viewed with grave disapprobation.
Taking a firm response in cases involving violence against police officers
would be in the public interest. The need for greater deterrent effect was
additionally indicated by the prevalence of offences involving abuse of Home
Team officers, which was evidenced by the statistics highlighted by the
respondent: GD at [36] and [37].

15 The s 332 Penal Code offence involved the biting of an officer. Such
assaults should be viewed as on the higher end of the spectrum in terms of
severity and should warrant a heavier sentence. This was borne out by the
precedents tendered by the respondent, in which the sentences imposed ranged
from five to ten months’ imprisonment. The District Judge placed weight on the
number of offences involved as well: the appellant had assaulted three
officers and was verbally abusive to Sgt Tan even after she had been
physically subdued. She “displayed a complete disregard and almost contempt
for the police officers”: GD at [38], [39] and [43].

16 The appellant’s previous conviction for disorderly behaviour was similar in
that it too involved an encounter with police officers. She had been convicted
on 25 April 2016 and sentenced to a fine of $1500. She committed the present
set of offences barely two months later. Considering how quickly the appellant
had reoffended and the escalated seriousness of the fresh offences, the
District Judge concluded that the principles of general and specific
deterrence “far outweighed” that of rehabilitation. Accordingly, the District
Judge held that a term of imprisonment should be imposed: GD at [46] to [51].

17 The respondent sought a term of eight months’ imprisonment for the
proceeded s 332 Penal Code charge. The District Judge observed that the
present case of biting did not fall into the more severe category, where the
offender is a carrier of a serious infectious disease or where an open wound
injury was caused. The sentence should therefore be within the lower end of
the five to six-month range. On the other hand, the District Judge took into
account the fact that the appellant had kicked and punched three officers, as
well as her previous conviction for disorderly behaviour. Balancing this
against the appellant’s plea of guilt, young age, and the fact that this would
be the appellant’s first period of incarceration, the District Judge imposed a
sentence of 20 weeks’ imprisonment for the s 332 Penal Code charge: GD at [52]
to [54].

18 A sentence of one week’s imprisonment was imposed for the s 20 MOA charge,
for which the appellant was liable to enhanced punishment. With regard to the
s 6(3) POHA charge, the District Judge observed that the appellant had
directed her abusive words at a police officer for a protracted period and had
shown no remorse despite being arrested. The precedents tendered by the
respondent showed sentences which ranged from a fine of $3000 to two weeks’
imprisonment. Two weeks’ imprisonment was imposed, to run concurrently with
the other sentences. The total sentence was therefore 21 weeks’ imprisonment:
GD at [55] to [57].

The Newton hearing

19 While both Dr Yeo and Dr Lee diagnosed the appellant with PDD, they
disagreed on whether there was a causal or contributory link between her
condition and her commission of the offences. For present purposes, I briefly
summarise their respective positions, which will be set out in greater detail
below.

20 Dr Yeo characterised the appellant’s PDD as mild. He stated in his report
that “there was no substantive contributory link between [the appellant’s PDD]
and the commission of the alleged five offences”. When questioned by the
court, he clarified that his opinion was that there was no contributory link.

21 In Dr Yeo’s view, the appellant’s PDD would not have affected her cognitive
ability to know what she was doing, or her volitional control of her actions.
Indeed, the circumstances at the time of the offence showed that she was aware
of both the nature and the wrongfulness of her actions. This was indicated
both by the account provided by the appellant to Dr Yeo, as well as the
Statement of Facts (“SOF”) she pleaded guilty to.

22 On the other hand, Dr Lee concluded that the appellant’s aggressive
behaviour towards the police officers was significantly caused by the
emotional lability and irritability of her mental disorder. According to his
report, the appellant claimed that her anger had overwhelmed her at the
material time, and that the situation triggered strong emotions which were
similar to those she felt towards her father and mother. His opinion appeared
to have been that the appellant acted impulsively and with diminished concern
for the consequences of her conduct. While the appellant had some control, her
mental disorder contributed to the offences by impairing her ability to assess
the situation:

There is some control, and that is why cognitively, she is not unsound, but
the emotional volition, the---the---the ability to assess the situation, “Hey,
is this a right situation,” a 1.46 metres girl facing three policemen at
6.00am, I considered that and I took that into deep deliberation.

The parties’ submissions on appeal

The appellant’s submissions

23 The appellant submitted that probation was a more appropriate sentence,
failing which, other community based sentencing options should be considered.
The appellant referred to Public Prosecutor v Lim Chee Yin Jordon [2018] 4 SLR
1294 (“Jordon Lim”), in which it was observed that rehabilitation generally
takes precedence where young offenders are involved, and that the existence of
a mental condition that is causally linked to the commission of the offence
may displace the need for deterrence (at [30] and [37]). She then asserted
that she would be a “good candidate for the calling of a probation report”.
The written submissions highlighted the appellant’s young age, difficult
personal background and circumstances, as well as her “good character”. The
appellant had not undergone probation before and had not re-offended since.

24 The appellant argued, on the basis of Dr Lee’s evidence, that there was a
significant contributory link between her PDD and the offences. This was a
slight departure from Dr Lee’s opinion that the offences were “significantly
caused by the emotional lability and irritability” of her PDD. While the
respondent relied on the fact that the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of
Mental Disorders (American Psychiatric Publishing, 5th Ed, 2013) (“DSM-5”)
does not indicate that aggression is connected to PDD, this was not
conclusive. The DSM-5 provides diagnostic criteria for, and not the possible
effects of, PDD. In any event, the DSM-5 states that children and adolescents
may experience irritable mood and the appellant had been an adolescent at the
time of the offences. This was apparently significant in part because levels
of depression, anxiety, stress and impulsivity decrease with age. According to
the appellant, Dr Lee had shown that there are “connections” between PDD,
aggression, irritability and impulsivity. As such, “[t]here must be some level
of contributory link” between the appellant’s mental condition and the
offences.

25 On the other hand, Dr Yeo’s evidence had changed on the stand: while his
report stated that there was no substantive contributory link, his oral
evidence had been that there was no contributory link. The inference to be
drawn from his report was that he intended to say that there was a non-
substantive contributory link. Further, his recommendation that the appellant
receive follow-up treatment from the prison psychiatrist meant that the
appellant’s condition “was or could be fragile or severe” as opposed to mild.
Dr Yeo’s evidence that the appellant had suffered from a depressed mood and
had “associated features” was interpreted by the appellant to mean features
such as aggression, irritability and impulsivity.

26 The appellant then addressed me on how the factors identified at [60] of
Public Prosecutor v Yeo Ek Boon Jeffrey and another matter [2018] 3 SLR 1080
(“Jeffrey Yeo”) should be applied to the s 332 Penal Code offence which she
had committed. She argued that the hurt caused was minimal, and that she had
not used any weapon in committing the offence. The offence was committed while
she was 20 years old and an adolescent. While she had been convicted of a s 20
MOA charge prior to the commission of the present offences, it was possible
that that had also been contributed to by her subsisting mental condition. The
offences were not premeditated, and the appellant did not intend to get in the
way of the police officers’ efforts at crowd control, or to cause more serious
injuries to the officers. This was evidenced by the minor injuries suffered by
the officers. She reacted without realising the consequences of her actions
because she felt hurt and grievously offended by the teenagers who had
provoked her. While the respondent cited alarming statistics of abuse against
police officers, the present case was distinguishable given the appellant’s
unique profile and mental condition. Dr Lee assessed her risk of recidivism to
be “markedly low” as long as she complied with therapy.

27 On the s 6(3) POHA offence, the appellant claimed that she had only uttered
the vulgarities at Sgt Tan within the confines of the police car rather than
in public. She had not intended to undermine the authority of the officers and
a deterrent sentence was therefore unnecessary. Instead, the abusive words
“slipped her tongue”, mostly as a result of her foolish impetuousness.

The respondent’s submissions

28 The respondent characterised the appeal as being premised on the
appellant’s argument that rehabilitation takes centre stage. In contrast, the
respondent’s position was that specific and general deterrence were the
dominant sentencing considerations in the present case.

29 There was no contributory link between the appellant’s PDD and the offences
committed, and Dr Yeo’s evidence ought to be preferred over Dr Lee’s. In
particular, Dr Lee’s evidence was devoid of reasoning, partisan, and ought to
be rejected in its entirety. In contrast, Dr Yeo’s evidence was clear and
cogent. He testified that PDD does not predispose a person to anger,
aggression or violence. While the appellant had been 20 years old at the time
of the offences, she had been functioning as an adult, and her age accordingly
did not have any bearing on the effect of her PDD on her behaviour. Having
considered the nature and severity of the appellant’s PDD and her conduct at
the material time, Dr Yeo came to the reasoned conclusion that there was no
contributory link between the appellant’s PDD and her offending.

30 The offences involved violence against public servants and stiff sentences
would be necessary to deter like-minded offenders: Public Prosecutor v Law Aik
Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at [24(a)]. Attacks against police officers can have
undesirable consequences at a societal level: Jeffrey Yeo at [49]. While the
appellant was 20 years old at the time of the offences, this was merely one of
the many factors that had to be taken into account by the court, having regard
to her circumstances in life. As noted by Dr Yeo, the appellant was in fact
functioning as an adult and ran her own business. The offences were not a
result of youthful folly – instead, the appellant was defiant and belligerent
throughout the entire encounter.

31 Even though the actual injury caused was relatively minor, the potential
and psychological harm that arises from an assault by biting should not be
discounted. The respondent further described the appellant’s culpability as
having been “high”. First, the s 332 offence involved the appellant biting the
officer on his shoulder and kicking him in the thigh. Biting was said to be
akin to the use of a weapon that can cause serious injury to the victim – it
has similar potential to cause more than superficial injury, and carries with
it the risks of transmission of bacteria and infectious diseases. Second, the
appellant’s behaviour demonstrated contempt for the officers and their
authority. The appellant’s claim that she felt “bullied and exploited”,
momentarily lost her temper, and acted impulsively was not believable in the
circumstances. Third, the offence was committed within the public’s view and
hearing. Fourth, it was a sustained attack on three officers. Finally, the
appellant had a similar antecedent.

32 As the appellant’s culpability was reduced by her relatively young age, she
fell within the higher end of Category 1 of the Jeffrey Yeo framework for s
332 Penal Code offences. The sentence of 20 weeks’ imprisonment was at the
lower end of the sentencing range indicated by the precedents and could not be
described as excessive given that two other s 332 Penal Code charges had been
taken into consideration.

33 The one-week imprisonment term imposed for the s 20 MOA charge was
appropriate given the appellant’s previous conviction for disorderly
behaviour, which likewise involved an encounter with police officers. The s
6(3) POHA offence involved the appellant using abusive language that was
targeted at the officer’s role as a police officer, and the two-week sentence
imposed was not manifestly excessive.

34 Following Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998
(“Shouffee”), it was appropriate for the District Judge to order consecutive
sentences involving the s 332 offence and one other offence. As I understood
it, this was a reference to [77] of Shouffee, where it was held that the
aggregate sentence should exceed the longest individual sentence imposed. The
District Judge had chosen to order the shorter s 20 MOA sentence to run
consecutively, and this was fair and appropriate in the circumstances.

Issues to be determined

35 As outlined at [2] above, the main issues to be determined in this appeal
were:

(a) whether the appellant’s PDD had a causal or contributory link to the
commission of the offences, and, if so, what weight ought to be accorded to
this; and

(b) what the dominant sentencing consideration was in the present case.

36 I considered these factors holistically, taking into account the other
relevant circumstances in determining whether the sentence imposed by the
District Judge was appropriate or manifestly excessive.

The relevance of the appellant’s PDD

The applicable legal principles

37 An offender’s mental condition is generally relevant to sentencing where it
lessens his culpability for the offence: Public Prosecutor v Chia Kee Chen and
another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 249 (“Chia Kee Chen”) at [112]. The extent of this
relevance is dependent on factors such as the nature and severity of the
mental condition and the impact of the offender’s mental disorder on the
commission of the offence (Chia Kee Chen at [112], citing Lim Ghim Peow v
Public Prosecutor [2014] 4 SLR 1287 (“Lim Ghim Peow”) at [25] and [52]). The
fact that an offender suffered from a mental disorder may be relevant both to
the court’s assessment of his or her culpability as well as the weight that
should be placed on the sentencing principles of general and specific
deterrence: see Public Prosecutor v ASR [2019] 1 SLR 941 (“ASR”) at [71] to
[72] and [115]; Lim Ghim Peow at [26]; Chong Yee Ka v Public Prosecutor [2017]
4 SLR 309 (“Chong Yee Ka”) at [82].

38 Assessing the extent and nature of an alleged contributory link between an
offender’s mental condition and the commission of the offences invariably
requires that the court consider the expert opinion of a psychiatrist. I
observed in Chong Yee Ka at [54] that there may be cases in which an
ostensible difference of opinion or disagreement in fact turns on semantics or
matters of expression. In the present case, this can be seen from the
appellant’s submissions on whether Dr Yeo’s stated conclusion that there was
no substantive contributory link meant that there was no contributory link at
all. As such, little turns on the express terms chosen by the expert, and it
is his or her reasoning that is persuasive and carries weight. That said, as I
emphasised at the hearing of this appeal, a causal link is conceptually
distinct from a contributory link, and these should be distinguished: see [64]
of Chong Yee Ka.

39 In this regard, I noted that previous courts have set out principles
relating to expert evidence. Psychiatrists should endeavour to state their
opinions as definitively and clearly as possible, avoiding ambiguity and
minimising room for subjectivity in interpretation (Chong Yee Ka at [49],
cited in Chia Kee Chen at [119]). Further, an expert must be neutral and
independent, and must provide the reasoning behind his conclusions. An expert
report which does not do so and cannot be probed or evaluated is useless and
prone to be rejected (Chia Kee Chen at [117] to [119]). Where there is a
conflict of opinion between two psychiatrists, it falls to the court to decide
which opinion best accords with the factual circumstances, and is consistent
with common sense, objective experience, and an understanding of the human
condition: Chong Yee Ka at [52].

40 The legal significance of any contributory link identified by the
psychiatrists is a question to be decided by the sentencing court. It has been
consistently accepted that the following types of impairment would be relevant
in determining the weight that should be accorded to deterrence, and in
assessing the offender’s culpability:

(a) where the mental disorder affects the offender’s capacity to exercise
self-control and restraint, as in Public Prosecutor v BDB at [2018] 1 SLR 127
at [72] and Chong Yee Ka at [82]; and

(b) where the mental condition diminishes the offender’s ability to appreciate
the nature and wrongfulness of his conduct: see Lim Ghim Peow at [36]; Chong
Yee Ka at [83]. This may relate to the offender’s knowledge of the legal or
moral wrongfulness of his actions (ASR at [108] to [110]; cited in Public
Prosecutor v Low Ji Qing at [2019] SGHC 174 at [46]).

41 Lastly, it would be apposite to make a few observations on other factors
which may be related to the offender’s mental disorder. This may include
factors such as the offender’s personal background and personality attributes.
In the present case, Dr Yeo testified that the appellant had demonstrated some
personality traits which could have contributed to the offence. However, he
was careful to distinguish these traits from any form of disorder, including
personality disorders.

42 I think it clear that neither the offender’s personal background, nor her
personality traits, are in and of themselves mitigating in any way. This is in
part reflected by the importance that courts have placed on the need to show
that the offender suffered from a recognised or established mental disorder at
the time of his criminal acts: see Public Prosecutor v P Mageswaran and
another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 1253 at [52] and [53]. This general principle can
be contrasted with cases such as Ng Hai Chong Brandon v Public Prosecutor
[2019] SGHC 107 (“Brandon Ng”), where Dr Stephen Phang opined that the
offender’s psychiatric history rendered him an at-risk individual who was
vulnerable to stress, had poor coping skills, and predisposed him to behaviour
such as that which resulted in the offence. The offender’s personal
circumstances, such as his daughter’s serious illness, were described as a
stressor at the material time (Brandon Ng at [31]). In such cases, the
offender’s personality traits and circumstances are relevant to the court’s
assessment because they affect the manner and extent to which the mental
disorder itself contributed to the offences committed: see Brandon Ng at [41].
In my view, this interaction between the offender’s personal circumstances
and/or traits with his mental disorder should be identified and explained by
the psychiatrists rather than speculated upon by either the parties or the
court.

43 I turn now to apply these established principles to the present case.

My decision

44 As I stated at the hearing on 16 July 2019, I concluded that little weight
ought to be accorded to the evidence of Dr Lee. On balance, I was not
persuaded that the appellant’s PDD had caused or contributed to her commission
of the offences.

Weight to be accorded to Dr Lee’s report

45 In its submissions, the respondent urged the court to reject Dr Lee’s
evidence in its entirety. This was on the basis that Dr Lee’s findings were
partisan and devoid of reasoning, and that he demonstrated a propensity to
misrepresent, exaggerate and obfuscate his evidence. Assessed as a whole, I
agreed that there was ample reason to doubt Dr Lee’s neutrality and
independence, as well as the cogency of his conclusions.

46 The respondent first argued that Dr Lee’s lack of neutrality was evident
from the fact that he chose to rely on self-reported information by the
appellant without independent verification. Dr Lee agreed that the appellant’s
account had to be carefully scrutinised, and that one way of verifying her
account would have been to ask for the views of independent witnesses. Despite
this, he only interviewed the appellant, her mother, and her then-boyfriend
(“Randy”). He then went on to give various reasons for being unable to
interview other people, such as that he could not because the appellant had no
colleagues, ex-colleagues or friends from secondary school. While the reasons
provided appeared to have been questionable, the mere fact that Dr Lee had not
interviewed other people or that he proceeded to defend his decision not to do
so in this manner did not indicate that he was not neutral or independent. For
example, Dr Yeo, against whom no such allegations had been made, only
interviewed the appellant, Randy, her mother, and her maternal aunt. Equally,
it could be said that none of these individuals would have given an
independent account. Therefore, while I agreed that it was relevant to
consider the extent to which the appellant’s self-reported information had
been corroborated by independent sources, and that this affected the weight
that ought to be accorded to the expert’s evidence, this did not, on its own,
necessarily indicate that Dr Lee was partisan.

47 More troubling was the fact that Dr Lee had knowingly omitted relevant
information from his psychiatric report. Two versions of Dr Lee’s report were
tendered: the first was a draft and unsigned report dated 15 October 2017, and
the second was a signed report dated 10 February 2018. The former report was
brought to Dr Yeo’s attention by the appellant, and eventually produced by the
respondent at the Newton Hearing. These reports differed in two aspects.
First, the reference to the appellant having experimented with “ICE” was
removed and replaced with a statement that the appellant was not using any
illegal psychoactive substances. Second, Dr Lee’s recommendation that a
Mandatory Treatment Order be considered was removed. In its submissions, the
respondent focused primarily on the former disparity. I agreed that this
seriously affected Dr Lee’s credibility and tended to indicate that he had
acted in breach of the duties he owed the court.

48 Dr Lee testified that drug abuse is relevant in all psychiatric cases.
Additionally, in the context of discussing the association between aggression
and depression, he testified that a key compounding factor for aggression is
that of substance use, which could cause a person to be more aggressive.
Despite this, Dr Lee removed the reference to the appellant’s previous drug
use after he was told by the appellant’s then-counsel that it was “immaterial”
to the present case. He admitted having deliberately amended the report and
including a statement that she was not currently using illegal substances
because that was consistent with the narrative he wanted to put forward, ie,
that the appellant was a good person. The psychiatric report was meant to
contain his expert opinion on the appellant’s mental disorder. If the
appellant’s drug use was in fact relevant to his assessment of the appellant’s
mental condition and whether it contributed to the offences, it was incumbent
on him as an expert who owed duties of independence and neutrality to the
court (see Chia Kee Chen at [5]) to include this fact.

49 When asked whether he had been “fair and honest to the court” by taking out
the reference to the appellant’s previous drug abuse, he stated that he had
been, as he was “open to clarification”. This was an unsatisfactory response.
In so far as the appellant’s drug abuse was relevant, the amended report was
clearly misleading. This was evident when seen in the context of Dr Lee’s
evidence that he did not ask the appellant how long it was before the offence
that she last took drugs. In contrast, Dr Yeo’s report stated that the
appellant had admitted to using “Ice” intermittently for about six to eight
months when she was about 20 years of age. This was pertinent especially since
the offence had been committed when the appellant was 20 years old. In my
opinion, Dr Lee’s conscious decision to omit relevant information reflected
negatively on his objectivity and independence, and consequently on the weight
that should be given to his report.

50 I agreed, further, that Dr Lee’s “recommendation” that the court look upon
the appellant’s case with “great compassion” went beyond his remit as an
expert. This follows from the Court of Appeal’s holding in Chia Kee Chen at
[5] that experts are duty-bound to be neutral and independent, and to assist
the court rather than to advocate for a cause in a partisan manner, regardless
of how sincerely the expert may sympathise with the cause of his client. The
seeking of “compassion” goes beyond propounding and pressing home the medical
opinion he sought to persuade the court to accept: see Chia Kee Chen at [117],
citing Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [70]. It was immaterial that Dr Lee’s recommendation
for compassion related in part to the “origin [and] effects of her mental
disorder”. In any case, according to Dr Lee, the origin of her mental disorder
apparently related to her difficult personal circumstances.

51 The respondent then submitted that Dr Lee included irrelevant information
in his report, such as verbatim quotes from her mother and Randy for the sole
purpose of evoking sympathy for the appellant, eg, “very cute, very adorable,
very smart”. A large part of Dr Lee’s report (paras 13 to 33) was dedicated to
the appellant’s background history without any analysis of how this was
relevant. I agreed that disproportionate emphasis was placed by Dr Lee on the
appellant’s personal circumstances, both in his report and his oral evidence.
Regrettably, Dr Lee had allowed his personal sympathies for the appellant to
unduly influence the manner in which he had written the report, as illustrated
by his explanation that he had been trying to let the court understand that
the appellant was actually a “very frightened young lady”. On the other hand,
Dr Yeo’s evidence that the appellant’s personality could not be determined by
solely considering the verbatim comments of Randy, who had then known the
appellant for less than two years, was logical and persuasive. In any event,
the quotes from Randy and the appellant’s mother did not appear to have a
strong link to the appellant’s mental condition or the offences committed.

52 I therefore agreed with the respondent that Dr Lee was a partisan witness
who sought to confirm his own bias. It was apparent that he had formed a view
virtually from the outset that the appellant was a “very frightened young
lady” who deserved sympathy and “great compassion” from the court rather than
punishment. His evidence was skewed towards achieving that end.

53 Dr Lee’s evidence was in any event imprecise and, at points, inaccurate. He
first testified that the appellant had “hit many people” but never her younger
brother, Harold. Under cross-examination, Dr Lee clarified that he had not
intended to give the impression that she would hit many other people, and
stated that he did not know of any physical violence directed at anybody other
than the appellant’s mother and Randy. Even the latter assertion that the
appellant had been physically violent to Randy and her mother had not been
included in his report, purportedly because he did not think it significant.
The lack of precision was apparent from his obfuscatory answers throughout
cross-examination: when asked whether there was anything in the report which
suggested that the appellant had been violent, he referred the court to
paragraphs on the appellant’s temper, as well as the violence exhibited by her
father. These were obviously distinguishable and unhelpful.

54 Equally unhelpful was Dr Lee’s repeated reference to the appellant’s
diminutive stature and why he felt this was relevant in assessing how her PDD
had resulted in her aggressive behaviour. Dr Lee’s view appeared to be that a
petite “1.46 metres girl”, to use his description, would not ordinarily have
reacted so aggressively when being apprehended by three policemen (as
highlighted at [22] above). I did not see how the appellant’s height was a
relevant consideration at all, and Dr Lee did not point to any scientific
basis for his assessment, a point which I shall elaborate on below at [75].

55 Finally, I noted that Dr Lee’s evidence was also verifiably inaccurate at
points. He wrote in his report that the appellant had completed her “O” levels
and a diploma in law and repeated this evidence in court. These led him to
opine that she had shown “remarkable resilience and initiative”. In fact, the
appellant had attained neither of those two qualifications. A perusal of Dr
Lee’s clinical notes demonstrated that the appellant had informed him that she
did not complete her “O” Levels. This was also stated in Dr Yeo’s report,
which Dr Lee claimed to have read. In the circumstances, it appeared that Dr
Lee was not merely careless; his attitude towards the truth was cavalier. This
further undermined his credibility.

56 I thus concluded that Dr Lee’s evidence ought to be viewed with great
circumspection. I turn now to directly address the alleged contributory link
in light of this finding.

Whether the appellant’s mental disorder contributed to the offences

57 Two points may be noted at the outset. First, according to the appellant,
Dr Yeo’s report should be taken to mean that there was a contributory link,
even if not a substantive one. This argument was unhelpful. Even if I accepted
that there was some insignificant contributory link, the weight that should be
given to the appellant’s mental condition would depend on both the nature and
extent of the contributory link as indicated above at [37] and [40]. This
being the case, the appellant’s argument that Dr Yeo’s opinion was actually
that there was some, non-substantive contributory link would not have taken
her very far. In any event, it was clear that Dr Yeo’s consistent position had
always been that the appellant was cognisant of the nature and wrongfulness of
her actions, and that she had cognitive and volitional capacity to control her
behaviour at the material time. His conclusion that there was no contributory
link followed from this line of reasoning.

58 Second, the appellant’s stated position that there was a significant
contributory link between her mental condition and the offences was distinct
from that of Dr Lee, who had opined that there was a significant causal link.
Since counsel clarified at the 16 July 2019 hearing that the appellant’s
position was that there was a “substantial enough” contributory link, I
proceeded on this basis.

59 The respondent and Dr Lee agreed that four factors should be considered in
determining whether a mental condition contributed to the commission of an
offence. These were: the nature of the mental disorder; the nature of the
offender, eg, her past behaviour and conduct; the manner and circumstances of
the offending; and the nature of the offence. The third and fourth factors
appeared to overlap significantly, and, indeed, the respondent did not
distinguish between them in its submissions. I broadly adopted this approach
in coming to my decision as it appeared to be both consistent with the
relevant authorities, and to impose greater analytical clarity.

(1) Severity of the mental disorder

60 In determining the extent of any contributory or causal link between a
mental disorder and the commission of an offence, the severity of the mental
disorder will invariably be a relevant consideration. This is consistent with
the authorities cited above at [37].

61 In the present case, I accepted Dr Yeo’s evidence that the appellant’s PDD
was mild. Despite the fact that Dr Lee offered no contrasting assessment, the
appellant submitted that her condition “was or could be fragile or severe” as
opposed to mild. I did not accept this submission as there was no evidence
that Dr Yeo’s assessment was erroneous.

62 The appellant’s assertion was primarily based on the fact that Dr Yeo had
recommended that she receive follow-up treatment in prison. Dr Yeo, when
asked, explained that he had been trying to ensure that the appellant, who had
a genuine mental disorder, would receive continued care especially since she
had been pregnant at the time of his interview. Moreover, there was a risk
that she could develop post-natal depression after delivery, or that her
mental state would deteriorate if she were to be incarcerated and separated
from her baby. These were plausible reasons for his recommendation of
continued treatment that did not relate to the severity of the appellant’s
PDD.

63 Moreover, in so far as Dr Lee testified that the appellant’s PDD had
affected her socio-occupational functioning, this was speculative and
unfounded. His report stated that the appellant had “problems controlling her
anger and volatile mood [and that] these affected her socio-occupational
functioning”. While Dr Lee orally asserted that the appellant’s personal
interactions with her family, friends and colleagues, as well as her ability
to get jobs were affected, he admitted that he did not have any evidence of
her being affected in her dealings with people other than her family members.
Instead, he relied on assertions such as “of course, it affect[ed] [the
appellant]”, that the appellant “could have done a lot better”, and that he
“would have expected some difficulty” in her organisation of sales events.
These appeared to be hypothetical, generalised statements that did not result
from an examination of the particular offender in the present case. The
appellant had been running an online business, organising events and attending
parties with friends. Dr Lee also testified that the appellant had not told
him that she experienced any difficulty interacting with people in her various
jobs. His evidence that her socio-occupational functioning had been impaired
therefore appeared to be entirely speculative and at odds with the objective
evidence. I thus saw no reason to disbelieve Dr Yeo’s assessment that the
appellant’s PDD was mild.

(2) Nature of the mental disorder

64 A key point of contention was whether PDD is associated with aggression,
irritability, impulsivity and/or violence. This was relevant in assessing
whether the appellant’s PDD could have contributed to the offences. The
symptomology, risk factors and characteristics of the mental disorder are
relevant in determining whether there was a possibility the appellant’s PDD
contributed to the commission of the offences. Whether there was in fact such
a contributory link will invariably turn on the facts of each specific case.

65 Dr Yeo testified that PDD does not predispose a person to anger, aggression
or violence. Referring to the DSM-5, Dr Yeo stated that the patient must have
a background of PDD with a clinically diagnosable intermittent major
depressive episode to possibly exhibit the features of irritability,
aggression and impulsivity. He further testified that he did not believe that
PDD affects impulse control. In its submissions, the respondent further noted
that aggression is not one of the risk factors or criteria for PDD.

66 In contrast, Dr Lee’s evidence was that depressive disorders are associated
with mood changes, which include irritability. He then testified that
depression was a risk marker for aggression, and that depression is associated
with impulsivity, and impulsivity with aggression. Under cross-examination, he
stated that not every person diagnosed with depression will display aggressive
and violent behaviour, and that these are instead “possible characteristics”.
Levels of depression, anxiety, stress and impulsivity decrease with age, which
was relevant since the appellant was an adolescent at the time of the
offences.

67 Dr Lee relied on three articles in support of his evidence. I was not
persuaded that these articles were helpful, or that they put forth accepted
medical principles of general applicability. Crucially, none of these articles
referred to studies which specifically considered persons suffering from PDD.
In fact, two of the articles (Bettina F. Pilo and Tamás Pinczés “Impulsivity,
depression and aggression among adolescents”, Personality and Individual
Differences 69 (2014) 33-37 (“the second article”) and Ahmed A. Moustafa et al
“Impulsivity and its relationship with anxiety, depression and stress”
Comprehensive Psychiatry 74 (2017) 173-179 (“the third article”)) referred to
studies conducted with participants who had not been clinically diagnosed with
any depressive disorder. The first article Dr Lee referred me to (Donald G.
Dutton and Christina Karakanta “Depression as a risk marker for aggression: a
critical review”, Aggression and Violent Behaviour 18 (2013) 310-319) (“the
first article”) did not distinguish between types of depressive disorders.
This diminished the utility of these articles given that it is clear there are
significant differences between the various forms of depressive disorder. For
example, as pointed out by the respondent in cross-examination, the DSM-5
explicitly states that persistent anger may be reported by individuals with
Major Depressive Disorder, although no such feature is noted in respect of
PDD.

68 Significant limitations were acknowledged in each of these articles which
diminished their utility in the present case. Indeed, the first article found
that depression as a risk marker for aggression may stem from a third factor
such as personality disorder, insecure attachment or genetics. The second and
third articles, which relied on self-reported data and called for further
studies to be done, similarly did not claim to demonstrate causal
relationships between depression, age, impulsivity and aggression.

69 Finally, it appeared to me that the propositions advanced by Dr Lee were
not sufficiently precise: in this regard, I noted that the third article
referenced a study which found that non-planning impulsivity, which involves a
lack of future planning, was more associated with depression. This was as
opposed to motor impulsivity, which was described as the tendency to act on
the spur of the moment and said to be more strongly correlated with mania. The
former type of impulsivity was not material for present purposes, and Dr Lee
in fact testified that the appellant had been saving money and planning for
her future. Further, one view cited in this article was in fact that impulsive
and maladaptive coping styles could increase depressive levels, as opposed to
the converse relationship suggested by Dr Lee (ie, that the appellant’s PDD
caused her to act rashly or aggressively). I therefore did not accept that
impulsivity, anger or aggression are characteristics or risk factors of PDD.

70 I was, however, prepared to accept that irritable moods may be a feature of
PDD, particularly where an adolescent is concerned. In this connection, I
noted that the respondent appeared, at least at points, to take a slightly
different position from Dr Yeo on whether irritability was a feature of PDD.
Mr Nair, in cross-examination, stated that it was clear that “irritability is
common [to] all depressive disorders”. This was apparently in contrast to
anger and violence, which were not highlighted as features of PDD. This indeed
appears to be what the DSM-5 suggests. Moreover, as the appellant noted in its
submissions, the DSM-5 specifically states that children and adolescents with
PDD can have irritable mood. That said, I did not place much emphasis on this.
Even if some patients with PDD exhibit irritable moods, it was not clear that
the appellant was one of them. Instead, Dr Yeo testified that the appellant
had personality traits which could have contributed to the offences, but that
did not amount to a disorder. As I observed at [42] above, personality traits
of the offender would generally not be mitigating absent a clear link to a
recognised medical condition. Dr Lee made no credible attempt to distinguish
between personality traits and any irritability that allegedly resulted from
her PDD.

71 Second, even if the appellant experienced irritable moods, this did not
necessarily suggest that she was either incapable of appreciating the nature
of her wrongful conduct, or that it impaired her cognitive and volitional
control. Insufficient evidence was led by the appellant on this point, as I
explain in more detail below. Third, Dr Yeo’s opinion was that the appellant
at 20 years of age had already been functioning as an adult and ought not to
be treated as an adolescent. I therefore placed little weight on any
irritability purportedly caused by the appellant’s PDD.

(3) Nature of the offender

72 I turn now to examine what the respondent referred to as the “nature of the
offender”. Dr Lee agreed with the respondent that in assessing whether a
mental condition contributed to the offence, the offender’s past behaviour and
whether she had, for example, been able to exercise great self-control in the
past would be relevant. This coheres with the approach I adopted in Chong Yee
Ka at [61], where I considered whether there had been previous acts of abuse
in assessing the extent to which there had been a contributory link between
the mental disorders and assaultive behaviour.

73 There was limited evidence that the appellant had ever been physically
violent prior to committing the offences. While there was some suggestion by
Dr Lee that she had been violent on previous occasions, I placed no weight on
these assertions. As I have explained above, I found that Dr Lee’s evidence
was not credible. Further, as the respondent submitted, it is unclear whether
Dr Lee meant physical violence, especially since he appeared to have
interpreted “violence” very loosely to include verbal violence. Any previous
acts of violence had also, in Dr Lee’s opinion, been minor incidents that were
not even worth mentioning in his report. In fact, Randy had told Dr Lee that
the appellant would not harm others unless they harmed her first, eg, by
taking her for granted. Dr Yeo’s report stated that Randy had said that the
appellant had never been violent towards him or her family members. It
therefore appeared that any violent behaviour exhibited by the appellant had
only been directed at her mother: in this regard, the appellant’s mother in
fact told Dr Lee that the appellant had only been violent towards her and
possibly to Randy. These accounts would suggest that any prior violent
incidents were targeted and deliberate, and not the result of a diminished
capacity to exercise self-control.

(4) Manner and circumstances of offending

74 Dr Yeo concluded that there was no contributory link between the
appellant’s PDD and the offences. In his report, he explained that this was
because the account provided to him by the appellant demonstrated that she was
cognisant of the nature and wrongfulness of her actions. The appellant claimed
that she was able to stop resisting the police once she became aware of their
identities, showing that she had the cognitive and volitional capacity to
control her behaviour at the material time. When referred to the SOF which the
appellant had admitted to, Dr Yeo testified that it “embolden[ed]” his opinion
that there was no substantive contributory link. The fact that the appellant
had been shouting and gesturing at another group of party-goers indicated that
she had cognitive control of her actions. Paragraph 5 of the SOF showed that
the appellant had been counselled and advised by a police officer to calm
down, which meant that there would have been time for the appellant to
consider who was speaking to her. Finally, the vulgarities referred to in
paragraph 14 of the SOF corroborated the fact that the appellant was aware she
was speaking to police officers.

75 In contrast, Dr Lee’s report referred only to the appellant’s assertion
that her anger had overwhelmed her, without any consideration of the facts
that the appellant had admitted to in the SOF. He did not appear to have
considered the circumstances of the appellant’s offending beyond reiterating
that he found it relevant that the appellant had been a “petite lady standing
up to three police officers at 6.00am”. He apparently used this to infer that
the appellant had acted impulsively and with diminished concern for the
consequences. There is little indication of why this was the appropriate
inference to make. In any event, this was distinguishable from the proposition
that the appellant was not able to appreciate or understand the nature of her
actions, and was simply an assertion that she was unconcerned with the
consequences thereof. When asked to explain, Dr Lee simply said it was an
“opinion” and a “[judgment] call”. He later acknowledged that he had no basis
or evidence to support his suggestion that the appellant acted with diminished
appreciation of the consequences of her conduct. His opinion appeared to rest
solely on the fact that the appellant had PDD, despite it being unclear how
the appellant’s PDD was linked to any “diminished concern”. There had also
been some vague suggestion from Dr Lee that the appellant’s ability to assess
the situation and to determine whether it was a “right situation” had been
impaired at the material time: see [22] above. It was not clear what this
meant, or how the appellant’s PDD would have resulted in this alleged
impairment. This too appeared to be based solely on the fact that she was a
petite lady facing three policemen in the early morning. In this regard, the
respondent rightly observed that Dr Lee’s clinical notes suggested that he had
not recorded or seriously considered the appellant’s account of the offences.

76 Taken together with my finding that PDD does not generally result in
impulsivity or aggression, I concluded that that Dr Yeo’s careful and granular
analysis of the material events was more persuasive. He provided cogent
reasons for his conclusion that the appellant’s PDD did not affect either her
self-control or her ability to appreciate the nature of her actions and their
consequences. I therefore found that there was no contributory link between
the appellant’s PDD and the offences.

The appropriate sentence

77 Although the appellant’s written submissions suggested that “other
community based sentencing options” could be considered, this point was not
explored in any detail on appeal. In any case, one of the three charges she
had pleaded guilty to was a charge under s 332 of the Penal Code, which is
punishable with up to seven years’ imprisonment. As such, she was not eligible
for a community sentence in view of ss 337(1)(i) and 337(4) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed), which specifically precludes community
sentences where any of the offences in question is punishable with an
imprisonment term which exceeds three years.

78 I turn now to examine whether a probation pre-sentencing report should have
been called for, as the appellant contended, and whether the sentence imposed
was manifestly excessive. Specifically, the appellant asserted that the
District Judge erred in:

(a) failing to “adequately consider” that the principle of rehabilitation
generally assumes centre stage when the offender is below 21 years of age;

(b) placing undue weight on the seriousness of the offence such that
deterrence was held to take precedence over rehabilitation; and

(c) failing to appreciate the mitigating factors that were placed before the
court.

The applicable principles

79 The appellant was 20 years of age at the time of the offences and at
conviction. As such, the District Judge referred primarily to the two-step
framework set out in Al-Ansari in sentencing the appellant to a term of
imprisonment (GD at [35]). The court in Al-Ansari held at [77] and [78] that:

77 … First, the court must ask itself whether rehabilitation can remain a
predominant consideration. If the offence was particularly heinous or the
offender has a long history of offending, then reform and rehabilitation may
not even be possible or relevant, notwithstanding the youth of the offender.
In this case, the statutorily prescribed punishment (in most cases a term of
imprisonment) will be appropriate.

78 However, if the principle of rehabilitation is considered to be relevant as
a dominant consideration, the next question is how to give effect to this. In
this respect, with young offenders, the courts may generally choose between
probation and reformative training. The courts have to realise that each
represents a different fulcrum in the balance between rehabilitation and
deterrence. …

80 Hence, the starting presumption is that rehabilitation is the dominant
sentencing objective for young offenders: see Jordon Lim at [30]; A Karthik v
Public Prosecutor [2018] 5 SLR 1289 (“A Karthik”) at [33] and [43]. This has
been held to be a reflection of (a) the generally lower culpability of young
offenders due to their immaturity; (b) their enhanced prospects of
rehabilitation; (c) society’s interest in rehabilitating them since they have
many potentially productive years ahead of them; (d) the recognition that
young offenders suffer disproportionately when incarcerated, and (e) the
likelihood of the prison environment having a corrupting influence on them
(ASR at [95] and A Karthik at [37] to [42]).

81 Applying the two step Al-Ansari framework, the court must first ask itself
whether rehabilitation can remain a predominant consideration (Al-Ansari at
[77]). The primary question at this stage is whether it would be in society’s
best interests that rehabilitation remain the controlling sentencing objective
(ASR at [99]). Where the case does not involve a foreign offender who is not
locally resident, rehabilitation might be displaced as the predominant
sentencing consideration if (a) the offence is serious, (b) the harm caused is
severe, or (c) the offender is hardened and recalcitrant: see ASR at [97] to
[102], citing Public Prosecutor v Koh Wen Jie Boaz [2016] 1 SLR 334 at [30].
This reflects to an extent the High Court’s comments in Al-Ansari, which
referred to cases where “the offence is particularly heinous or the offender
has a long history of offending” (at [77]).

82 If the principle of rehabilitation remains a dominant consideration, the
next step in the Al-Ansari framework is to consider how to give effect to it
(at [78]). The sentencing options that give dominant consideration to the
principle of rehabilitation are probation orders and reformative training: Al-
Ansari at [66]. While imprisonment may likewise achieve rehabilitative
objectives, it does not place the principle of rehabilitation as a dominant
sentencing consideration: ASR at [136], citing Al-Ansari at [65].

83 Additionally, in coming to my decision, I was conscious of Sundaresh Menon
CJ’s observations in A Karthik. It was held that where a court deals with the
sentencing of an offender who is aged 21 or below, it should generally call
for a probation pre-sentencing report before imposing the sentence, and should
not embark on an assessment of the offender’s suitability for probation
without the benefit of such a report. This excludes situations where the basic
prerequisites for probation to be considered are not met, or the court is
satisfied that probation is not a realistic option on the facts of the case: A
Karthik at [20] and [21], citing Wong Shan Shan v Public Prosecutor [2008]
SGHC 49 at [19] to [21].

Application to the present case

84 I did not see any reason to interfere with the District Judge’s decision in
the present case. In my opinion, he did not err in his assessment that
specific and general deterrence were the dominant sentencing considerations.
This being the case, I was satisfied that probation was not a realistic
option, and accordingly did not call for a probation suitability report. I
explain my reasons by applying the Al-Ansari framework, which addresses the
concerns highlighted by the appellant (see [78], above).

85 The District Judge expressly acknowledged at [35] of the GD that the age of
the appellant suggested that the predominant sentencing consideration would be
that of rehabilitation. I agreed that he was correct in doing so. This
followed from the well-established principle that the presumptive position is
that rehabilitation is the primary sentencing consideration where the offender
is 21 years of age or younger. The pertinent question was whether this had
been displaced by the need for deterrence, taking into account the factors
identified at [81] above. Having considered the manner in which the various
offences had been committed, the appellant’s relevant antecedent and the fact
that she had turned 20 by the time of the offences, I concluded that it had.

86 The s 332 Penal Code offence in particular was a serious one that carried
an imprisonment term of up to seven years and caning. The severity of the
offence is also indicated by the fact that it generally attracts a custodial
sentence: see [67] of Jeffrey Yeo. The manner in which it was committed was
such that the appellant’s culpability could not be described as low.

87 I noted that the s 332 Penal Code offence took place in the context of a
more protracted assault on the police officers present: see Jeffrey Yeo at
[60(f)]. The appellant continued shouting and gesturing wildly despite having
been told by Sgt Din to calm down. Having been told that he was placing her
under arrest, she became violent and physically assaulted three police
officers. Even after being placed in the police vehicle, she hurled abuse that
was targeted at Sgt Tan’s role as a police officer. This resulted in two other
s 332 Penal Code charges which were taken into consideration for the purposes
of sentencing, as well as a s 20 MOA and s 6(3) POHA charge. Further, these
offences, including the proceeded s 332 Penal Code charge, took place in the
public’s view and hearing (Jeffrey Yeo at [60(e)]): the SOF stated that Sgt
Tang and his partner were at Saint James Power Station performing patrol
duties because of the crowds of people exiting the night clubs there.

88 I balanced these factors against the fact that the offences were not
premeditated, and the actual harm caused by the offences was relatively minor.
None of the victims suffered serious injuries, with the most severe being a
2cm by 2cm hematoma. While the respondent submitted that the potential and
psychological harm that arises from an assault by biting should not be
discounted, there was in fact no specific evidence of any psychological harm
caused. As the appellant observed, all of the offences took place within
approximately ten minutes. The assault on the officers collectively, much less
on any individual officer, cannot be said to have been particularly sustained
or traumatic. The respondent adduced no direct evidence to suggest otherwise,
and I did not see sufficient grounds to draw an inference that psychological
harm had been caused. As such, any psychological harm was purely speculative,
and I placed no weight on this suggestion.

89 However, I agreed that the fact the appellant had bitten Sgt Tang was a
relevant factor that was indicative of greater potential harm compared to
cases where the offender uses his bare hands. As the respondent rightly noted,
the act of biting may cause more than superficial injury and carries with it
risks of transmission of bacteria and infectious diseases (see GD at [38]).
Biting was referred to at [60(b)] of Jeffrey Yeo as a dangerous means of
causing hurt, and the precedents cited by the respondent indicate that a
stiffer sentencing range of between five and ten months’ imprisonment is
ordinarily imposed. This is in contrast to the general sentencing trend
identified in Jeffrey Yeo at [59] of two to nine months’ imprisonment.

90 It was also significant that the appellant was not a first-time offender.
She had been convicted for disorderly behaviour approximately two months prior
to the commission of the present set of offences. This was relevant especially
since the antecedent similarly demonstrated her disregard for the authority of
police officers. As summarised at [47] and [48] of the GD, her previous s 20
MOA conviction involved her disobeying a police officer’s instructions not to
enter a cordoned-off area and shouting vulgarities despite warnings for her to
calm down. There was no evidence before me that suggested that her PDD had
contributed in any way to that offence. The fact that the appellant had gone
on to reoffend so quickly after her previous conviction, and by committing
even more serious offences, illustrated the need for specific deterrence in
the present case.

91 Balancing the factors identified above, I concluded that the appellant’s
culpability was in the middle of the Category 1 range in the Jeffrey Yeo
framework. While the presumptive sentencing consideration was rehabilitation,
having regard to the underlying reasons for this presumption, identified above
at [80], I was of the opinion that this presumption was displaced on the
facts. The appellant was already 20 at the time of the offences and when she
was sentenced, and therefore was not a particularly young offender. This was
relevant in assessing the extent to which her culpability had been reduced by
immaturity, the extent to which the prison environment would be
disproportionately difficult, and the extent to which she could be said to be
particularly impressionable by virtue of her age. In my opinion, the
prospective and retrospective rationales for placing emphasis on
rehabilitation apply with less force where the offender is on the cusp of
being sentenced as an adult offender over 21. It is in this context that the
respondent’s observations that the appellant had been running an online
business and essentially functioning as an adult were relevant.

92 As such, I held that the need for general and specific deterrence in this
case displaced the presumptive emphasis on rehabilitation. It followed from
this that probation would not have been appropriate. To be clear, this
decision should not be interpreted as suggesting that the severity of the
offences involved is such that the importance of rehabilitation should be
displaced in every case involving young offenders, or even offenders aged 20.
Rather, a careful analysis of the facts of every case, including the
particular circumstances of the offender and the offence should be undertaken:
see A Karthik at [43].

93 In my view, the sentences imposed by the District Judge were not manifestly
excessive. The District Judge observed at [39] of the GD that the precedents
tendered by the respondent involved sentences ranging from five to ten months’
imprisonment. This was in line with the sentencing range identified in other
cases. For example, in Public Prosecutor v He Yan [2019] SGDC 88, the court
referred to 21 post-Jeffrey Yeo precedents involving the biting of a police
officer and observed that the majority of cases involved sentences of between
five to six months’ imprisonment (at [11]). In Public Prosecutor v Koh Sock
Buay [2018] SGDC 38 at [35], the court was similarly of the view that
sentences of around five to six months’ imprisonment would generally be
imposed in cases involving the biting of police officers.

94 Having regard to these precedents and to the framework at [59] of Jeffrey
Yeo, the sentence imposed by the District Judge was not manifestly excessive.
It is pertinent to bear in mind the fact that the appellant had a recent and
relevant antecedent, as well as the fact that two s 332 Penal Code charges
were taken into consideration.

95 The short custodial terms imposed in respect of the s 20 MOA and s 6(3)
POHA charges also cannot be said to be manifestly excessive. The abusive
language used by the appellant was especially egregious as it was targeted at
Sgt Tan qua police officer. The District Judge chose to run the shorter of
these two sentences consecutively with the sentence for the s 332 Penal Code
charge. I saw no reason why the 21-week aggregate sentence would be manifestly
excessive.

Conclusion

96 For the reasons above, I was not persuaded either that the appellant’s PDD
had caused or contributed to her commission of the offences, or that the
appellant’s sentences were manifestly excessive. Accordingly, I dismissed the
appeal and affirmed the District Judge’s decision.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Lim Kia Tong (Hin Tat Augustine & Partners) for the appellant in MA 9166/2017
and the applicant in CM 22/2018;  
Hri Kumar Nair SC, Tan Wen Hsien, Li Yihong and Goh Yi Ling (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for the respondent in MA 9166/2017 and CM 22/2018.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

