Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 35

Originating Summons No 126 of 2018

(Summons Nos 2473, 2960 and 4396 of 2018)

Between

(1)| Oro Negro Drilling Pte. Ltd.  
---|---  
(2)| Oro Negro Decus Pte. Ltd.  
(3)| Oro Negro Fortius Pte. Ltd.  
(4)| Oro Negro Impetus Pte. Ltd.  
(5)| Oro Negro Laurus Pte. Ltd.  
(6)| Oro Negro Primus Pte. Ltd.  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Integradora De Servicios Petroleros Oro Negro, S.A.P.I. De C.V.  
---|---  
(2)| Alonso Del Val Echeverria  
(3)| Gonzalo Gil White  
  
… Defendants

And

| Jesús Ángel Guerra Méndez  
---|---  
  
… Non-party

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Injunctions]

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Oro Negro Drilling Pte Ltd and others

  

v

  

Integradora de Servicios Petroleros Oro Negro, SAPI de CV and others

[2019] SGHC 35

High Court — Originating Summons No 126 of 2018 (Summons Nos 2473, 2960 and
4396 of 2018)  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
11, 12, 13 and 14 September, 12 October, 8 November 2018

15 February 2019

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 On 30 January 2018, this court granted an interim injunction (“the Order of
Court dated 30 January”) against the three defendants on behalf of the six
plaintiffs in Originating Summons No 126 of 2018 (“the OS”). The Order of
Court dated 30 January, inter alia, restrained the defendants from taking or
continuing legal action in Mexico or elsewhere, on behalf of the plaintiffs.
The plaintiffs’ application was made ex parte by way of Summons No 482 of 2018
(“the Injunction Application”).

2 On 30 May 2018, by way of Summons No 2473 of 2018 (“the Setting Aside
Application”), the three defendants applied, inter alia, to set aside the
Order of Court dated 30 January.

3 Subsequently, on 28 June 2018, a non-party to the OS, one Jesús Ángel Guerra
Méndez (“Mendez”), who is a lawyer from the Mexican law firm of Guerra
González y Asociados S.C. (“Guerra”), sought by Summons No 2960 of 2018 to
vary the Order of Court dated 30 January (“the Variation Application”). Mendez
sought, inter alia, a declaration that the powers of attorney (“the POAs”)
granted to members of Guerra by the plaintiffs are not subject to the
injunction contained in the Order of Court dated 30 January. In the
alternative, Guerra sought to limit the jurisdiction of the Order of Court
dated 30 January to the extent that it is enforceable only if a court in the
relevant country so declares it to be enforceable.

4 Both the Setting Aside and the Variation Applications came up for
determination before this court. After a prolonged hearing spread over four
days, the court granted the Setting Aside Application and discharged the
orders made under the Order of Court dated 30 January. This included the order
for service outside jurisdiction on the defendants in Mexico. Having done
that, the orders prayed for in the Variation Application became academic.
Consequently, the court made no orders on the prayers sought therein but
awarded Mendez his costs.

5 The plaintiffs are dissatisfied with this court’s decision and have filed an
appeal in Civil Appeal No 194 of 2018 against the orders (a) setting aside the
leave granted for service outside Singapore; (b) the declaration that a
Singapore court has no jurisdiction over the defendants in respect of the
reliefs sought in the OS; and (c) the costs order of $40,000 (excluding
disbursements) to the defendants.

6 The plaintiffs also applied by way of Summons No 4396 of 2018 (“the Leave
Application”) pursuant to s 34(2)(d) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) for leave to appeal against the setting aside
of the ex parte injunction and the costs of $20,000 (excluding disbursements)
awarded to Mendez.

7 The Leave Application in [6] was heard and dismissed by this court on 8
November 2018. The plaintiffs have filed Civil Appeal Originating Summons No
41 of 2018 to appeal against the court’s refusal to grant leave to appeal.

8 In the light of the plaintiffs’ two appeals, I now set out the reasons for
this court’s decisions in the Setting Aside and the Leave Applications.

The Facts

The parties

9 The six plaintiffs in this case are all Singapore-incorporated companies. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 4.

Oro Negro Drilling Pte Ltd (“Oro Negro”), the first plaintiff, is the holding
company of the other five plaintiffs. Oro Negro Decus Pte Ltd (“Decus”), Oro
Negro Fortius Pte Ltd (“Fortius”), Oro Negro Impetus Pte Ltd (“Impetus”), Oro
Negro Laurus Pte Ltd (“Laurus”) and Oro Negro Primus Pte Ltd (“Primus”) are
the second to sixth plaintiffs respectively. The second to sixth plaintiffs
each own jack-up oil rigs (“the rigs”) which bear the names set out in
parentheses above. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at paras 13–14.

Henceforth, the second to sixth plaintiffs will be referred to collectively as
“the rig owners” and all six plaintiffs would be referred to collectively as
“the plaintiffs”.

10 The rigs were either built in Singapore or purchased from Singapore-based
shipbuilders. After their construction or purchase, they were all relocated to
Mexico and are currently lying in Mexican waters. The rigs are collectively
worth approximately between US$1.2 and US$1.6bn. The rigs are estimated by the
defendants to be worth between US$1.4 and US$1.6bn. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 15.

At the Injunction Application, the plaintiffs estimated that the rigs are
worth US$1.2bn. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Transcript dated 30 January 2018 at p 6 lines 13–14.

11 The first defendant Integradora De Servicios Petroleros Oro Negro SAPI De
CV (“Integradora”) is the sole shareholder of Oro Negro. It is a company
incorporated in Mexico and is in the business of providing integrated and
diversified oilfield services. The first defendant’s operations are centred in
Mexico and its sole client is the Mexican state-owned petroleum company known
as Petroleos Mexicanos (“Pemex”). The first defendant provides services to
Pemex through its Mexican-incorporated subsidiary Perforadora Oro Negro S de
RL de CV (“Perforadora”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at paras 11–12.

12 The relationship between the various companies and Pemex is best seen in
the diagram below: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 19.

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

13 The second and third defendants were directors of the plaintiffs until
their removal in September 2017 (see [26]). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 59.

It suffices to note at this juncture that the validity of their removal was
disputed by the parties.

14 Perforadora entered into bareboat charters for the rigs with the rig owners
which Perforadora then chartered to Pemex (“the Pemex Charters”). The Pemex
Charters are governed by Mexican law and any disputes arising therefrom are
subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the City of Mexico. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Paul Leand’s First Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at para 34.

Pemex assigned the charters in turn to its subsidiary Pemex Perforacion y
Servicios. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 12.

15 Apart from the fact that they own the rigs built in or bought from
Singapore, the rig owners do not carry on any business activities in
Singapore. In fact, their only source of income is from Mexico where they are
tax residents. Similarly, the rig owners’ parent company Oro Negro does not
conduct any business activities in Singapore. Its directors and management are
located in Mexico. It pays taxes in Mexico on the income it receives from the
charters of the rigs through the rig owners. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at paras 16–17.

16 Currently, there are court proceedings in Mexico between Oro Negro and/or
its subsidiaries and the bondholders of Oro Negro. There are also court
proceedings in the United States (“US”) which however have been stayed. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Daniel Pulecio-Boek’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 6.

17 By an agreement dated 24 January 2014 (“the Bond Agreement”) that is
subject to Norwegian law, Oro Negro issued bonds to various bondholders. The
parties to the Bond Agreement are Oro Negro and Nordic Trustees ASA (“Nordic
Trustee”). The latter acts on behalf of the bondholders. Events of default are
set out under cl 15.1 of the Bond Agreement. In particular, under cl
15.1(g)(i), it would constitute an event of default if the issuer (ie, Oro
Negro), parent (ie, the first defendant), charterer (ie, Perforadora) or the
rig owners take “any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure
[sic] step” in relation to, inter alia, winding up, dissolution,
administration or reorganisation (“the Event of Default clause”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at paras 20–21. Noel
Blair Hunter Cochrane Jr’s First Affidavit dated 25 January 2018 at pp
1081–1082.

18 Events in 2017 caused a liquidity crunch for the first defendant,
Perforadora and Oro Negro. Between March and August 2017, Pemex insisted that
permanent amendments be made to the terms of the Pemex Charters (“the Pemex
Proposal”). The Pemex Proposal would have drastically reduced the charter hire
and in turn the revenue of Oro Negro and the rig owners. The Pemex Proposal
included suspending the operations of the Laurus and Primus rigs and
drastically reducing the daily hire rates of the other three rigs. In
addition, Pemex refused to allow Perforadora to invoice Pemex for the services
provided by the rigs from and after April 2017. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at paras 29–35.

19 Income from the Pemex Charters are paid into trust accounts with banks in
Mexico (“the Mexican Trust Accounts”). The Mexican Trust Accounts are operated
by a Mexican subsidiary of Deutsche Bank (“DB Mexico”) as trustee in
accordance with the terms of a trust agreement dated 21 June 2016 (“the Trust
Agreement”). The Trust Agreement is governed by Mexican law with Mexican
courts having exclusive jurisdiction. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at p 820.

The monies in the Mexican Trust Accounts are distributed to the plaintiffs in
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement and the Bond Agreement
in [17]. Perforadora first receives payment to fund its operating expenses and
overheads. Thereafter, the rig owners receive their charter hire and the
balance is paid to Oro Negro. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 36.

20 Consequently, any reduction in the charter hire would adversely affect the
plaintiffs. If Oro Negro defaults under the Bond Agreement, Nordic Trustee
would be entitled to pursue the rig owners under various security documents.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Second Defendant’s Fi rst Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 38.

21 Unless the Bond Agreement was restructured to take into account the Pemex
Proposal, Oro Negro would not have sufficient cash to fund its operations and
would eventually default on its repayment obligations under the Bond
Agreement. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 38.

However, Oro Negro’s attempts to put forward a debt restructuring proposal
through the first defendant were thwarted by obstacles placed in its path by
an ad hoc group of bondholders (“the Ad Hoc Group”). Their demands would have
meant draining Oro Negro’s cash flow and resulted in its defaulting under the
Bond Agreement. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 39–52.

22 The first defendant surmised that the Ad Hoc Group had an ulterior motive
for its actions. The first defendant suspected that the Ad Hoc Group was
secretly negotiating with Pemex for new charters for the rigs. The Ad Hoc
Group would benefit greatly from a creditor seizure of the rigs. This was
particularly so as a member of the Ad Hoc Group is an investment fund which is
closely related to one of the first defendant’s competitors, Seamex Ltd
(“Seamex”). Seamex has extensive experience contracting with Pemex, having
already leased five rigs to the latter with the most favourable commercial
terms amongst any of Pemex’s vendors. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 52.

23 Nordic Trustee’s subsequent letter to the bondholders dated 5 October 2017
proved that the first defendant’s suspicions were correct. In that letter,
Nordic Trustee stated that the Ad Hoc Group continued to support the Pemex
Proposal and that the “Ad Hoc Group, together with certain other Bondholders,
[would] continue to work with their advisors and [Nordic Trustee] to establish
a viable platform for the ongoing, uninterrupted operation of the Rigs”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at p 553.

24 Fearing the worse, the first defendant decided to take pre-emptive steps to
protect the plaintiffs. On 31 August 2017, the rig owners via the second and
third defendants as their directors, issued the POAs to members of Guerra
including Mendez. The POAs granted the Guerra lawyers various powers including
a “general power of attorney for litigation and collections”. The POAs were
signed by the second and third defendants in Mexico. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 55.

25 On 11 September 2017, Perforadora voluntarily filed a petition with the
Second District Court in Civil Matters in Mexico City (“the Second District
Court”) to place itself in concurso mercantil (insolvency proceedings) (“the
First Concurso Petition”). The First Concurso Petition enabled Perforadora to
obtain interim protection from its creditors while it negotiated with them to
restructure its debt obligations. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at paras 56–57.

26 In response to the First Concurso Petition, Nordic Trustee sent a letter to
Oro Negro dated 25 September 2017, asserting that the filing of the First
Concurso Petition amounted to an event of default under the Bond Agreement
(“the Event of Default Notice”). Nordic Trustee then proceeded to seize
control of the plaintiffs. It purportedly removed the second and third
defendants as directors from the boards of directors of the plaintiffs (with
effect from 25 September 2017). It appointed two new directors in their place,
namely Roger Arnold Hancock (“Hancock”) and Roger Alan Bartlett (“Bartlett”).
Nordic Trustee further blocked the bank accounts of the plaintiffs that had
been charged to Nordic Trustee under two account charges dated 29 April 2016
and 7 June 2017. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 59.

27 According to the first affidavit of the plaintiffs’ director Noel Blair
Hunter Cochrane (“Cochrane”), Nordic Trustee was able to take the steps in
[26] because the second and third defendants had pre-executed resignation
letters and resolutions that authorised the appointment as directors of
persons nominated by Nordic Trustee while the first defendant had executed a
blank share transfer form. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Cochrane’s First Affidavit dated 25 January 2018 at para 23.

28 On 29 September 2017, Mendez filed a petition with the Second District
Court for the first defendant and the plaintiffs to be placed in concurso
proceedings (“the Second Concurso Petition”). In his affidavit dated 27 June
2018, Mendez explained that the Second Concurso Petition was a response to
Nordic Trustee’s Event of Default Notice in [26]. Although the rig owners had
sufficient funds for Oro Negro to meet its payment obligations in October
2017, Guerra filed the Second Concurso Petition because he feared Nordic
Trustee and the Ad Hoc Group would continue to take disruptive measures that
could irreparably harm the first defendant and the plaintiffs. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Mendez’s First Affidavit dated 27 June 2018 at para 51.

29 On 3 October 2017, Pemex purportedly terminated the Pemex Charters in
respect of the Primus, Laurus, Fortius and Decus rigs on the basis that Pemex
had entered into leases with other vendors for rigs at a daily hire rate of
US$116,300 which Perforadora was apparently not agreeable to. As for the
Impetus rig, Pemex cited the First Concurso Petition as the reason for its
termination. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 63.

30 The defendants asserted that Pemex had no basis to terminate the charters
of the rig owners. Perforadora had in fact agreed to the Pemex Proposal which
would reduce the daily charter hire of the four rigs to US$116,300 as Pemex
demanded. As for the Impetus rig charter, Pemex’s termination based on the
First Concurso Petition was a violation of Mexican law and public policy. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 64.

Indeed, the Mexican court subsequently ruled on 29 December 2017 that a
provision in the Pemex Charters, which is similar to the Event of Default
clause in the Bond Agreement and which Pemex relied on to terminate the Pemex
Charters, was invalid for contravening Mexican law. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at p 1028.

31 On 4 October 2017, Nordic Trustee exercised its powers under a share charge
(“the Share Charge”) and using the executed blank transfer form in [27],
transferred the first defendant’s shares in Oro Negro to another company
controlled by Nordic Trustee, namely OND Pte Ltd (“OND”). From that date,
Nordic Trustee and/or OND purported to seize control and ownership of the rig
owners even though the outstanding sums due under the Bond Agreement
approximated US$916m whereas the rigs were worth US$1.2–$1.6bn. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 65.

32 On 5 October 2017, the Mexican court issued various injunctions as part of
the proceedings in the First Concurso Petition including (a) ordering Nordic
Trustee to refrain from declaring any enforcement act regarding the assets and
rights of Perforadora relating to the Trust Agreement in [19]; and (b) to
refrain from affecting, modifying or terminating the Trust Agreement. On 11
October 2017, the Mexican court expanded the injunctions issued on 5 October
2017. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at pp 828–919.

33 On or about 9 October 2017, the newly appointed directors Hancock and
Bartlett passed resolutions purportedly to rescind on the plaintiffs’ behalf
“any and all authorities including any Powers of Attorney given by the Company
to any person previously” (“the 9 October Resolution”). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Cochrane’s First Affidavit dated 25 January 2018 at pp 1734–1739.

34 On 17 October 2017, a lawyer Manuel Ruiz de Chavez Gutierrez de Velasco
(“Chavez”), who was appointed by Hancock and Bartlett, filed a motion to
withdraw the Second Concurso Petition (“the Withdrawal Motion”). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 71.

35 On 25 October 2017, Mendez filed an “inefficiency and punitive damages
claim” (“the Inefficiency Motion”) in the Second District Court on behalf of
the plaintiffs, Perforadora and the first defendant. In the Inefficiency
Motion, Mendez sought the following reliefs:

(a) a declaration that the Event of Default Notice (in [26]) issued by Nordic
Trustee and its various other acts following the Event of Default Notice were
illegal, ineffective and have no effect; and

(b) punitive damages in the amount of US$916,100,517, that being the then
unpaid principal on the bonds. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 72.

36 On 31 October 2017, the Mexican court accepted the Second Concurso Petition
of the plaintiffs and added it to the pending First Concurso Petition of
Perforadora. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at p 608.

Henceforth, the two concurso petitions will be referred to collectively as
“the joint Concurso Proceedings”.

37 According to the defendants, Nordic Trustee and/or OND took steps to
prevent the Inefficiency Motion from being heard by refusing to accept
personal service at their address in Mexico. That necessitated Mendez having
to apply for an order from the Mexican court to effect service on Nordic
Trustee by newspaper advertisements (“the Nordic Trustee Service Order”). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 76.

38 On 14 February 2018, Chavez filed a motion in the Mexican court asking for
the Nordic Trustee Service Order to be revoked. He had also filed another
motion on 10 November 2017 to revoke the Inefficiency Motion on behalf of OND
(“the Revocation Motion”). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 77.

39 On 27 November 2017, Chavez filed an application seeking a declaration that
Mendez lacked the authority to represent the plaintiffs (“the Lack of Standing
Motion”). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 80.

40 On 20 December 2017, the second defendant was notified by DB Mexico that a
sum of US$23m was transferred from the plaintiffs’ account to the bank account
of Nordic Trustee. The second defendant was not aware of the reasons for the
transfer. In his first affidavit dated 30 May 2018 (“the Second Defendant’s
First Affidavit”) for the Setting Aside Application, the second defendant
deposed that the transfer was a breach of the injunctions granted by the
Mexican court on 5 October 2017 (at [32]) which essentially prohibited Nordic
Trustee from obtaining funds from the Mexican Trust Accounts. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 92.

41 On 20 March 2018, the Mexican court allowed OND’s Revocation Motion on
purely procedural grounds because:

(a) The Inefficiency Motion was defective as it raised issues that ought not
to be resolved by an ancillary action; and

(b) The Mexican court had no jurisdiction to deal with the validity of the
clauses in the Bond Agreement as the same was governed by Norwegian law.

The Mexican court did not deal with any of the substantive Mexican law issues
raised in the Inefficiency Motion. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 78.

42 On 2 May 2018, the Mexico court found that the POAs that the plaintiffs had
granted to Mendez on 31 August 2017 had not been validly revoked or rescinded.
On that basis, the Mexican court dismissed the Withdrawal Motion in [34]. At
the same time, the Mexican court also dismissed the Second Concurso Petition
on the ground that the approval of the plaintiffs’ independent director,
Cochrane, had to be obtained in order for the plaintiffs to be placed in
concurso proceedings. This approval was not obtained. Mendez has filed a
motion known as an amparo to request the Mexican court to reconsider the
dismissal (“the Amparo Motion”). 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at para 34.

43 In the US, the rig owners under the control of the bondholders commenced
proceedings against Perforadora on 15 March 2018 in the US District Court for
the Southern District of New York seeking the return of the rigs following the
alleged termination of the Pemex Charters (“the New York Proceedings”). By an
order of the US Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (“US
Bankruptcy Court”), proceedings there were stayed on 17 May 2018. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at para 41.

44 On 20 April 2018, the second defendant filed petitions in the US Bankruptcy
Court to commence proceedings in the name of the first defendant and
Perforadora pursuant to Chapter 15 of the US Bankruptcy Code (Title 11, USC).
The purpose of the proceedings was to obtain orders recognising the joint
Concurso Proceedings in Mexico as a foreign main proceeding and recognising
the second defendant as the “Foreign Representative” of the first defendant
and Perforadora. The US Bankruptcy Court granted the orders sought on 17 May
2018. As a result, the first defendant and Perforadora have been granted
automatic reliefs including a stay of the New York Proceedings. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Daniel Pulecio-Boek’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 5.

45 On 11 July 2018, the US Bankruptcy Court issued a further order granting
various discretionary reliefs. This included a ruling that various orders made
by the Mexican court in the joint Concurso Proceedings be recognised and be
entitled to full force and effect in accordance with their terms solely with
respect to persons or property over whom/which the US Bankruptcy Court has
jurisdiction. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at para 42.

The Three Applications

The Originating Summons

46 The plaintiffs had prayed for the following orders in the OS:

(a) A declaration that each of the “Resolutions in writing of Sole
Shareholder”, specified in Annex A, purporting to authorize members of Guerra
to seek a concurso on the plaintiffs’ behalf, is ultra vires and/or incapable
of enabling the plaintiffs to seek any concurso or any other insolvency
matter, without procuring the vote of approval from the plaintiffs’
independent director Cochrane;

(b) A declaration that the first and/or second and/or third defendants,
whether by themselves, their servants or agents or howsoever and whether by
way of the “Resolutions in writing of Sole Shareholder of the Company”
specified in Annex A or otherwise, have no authority to cause and shall not
cause the Plaintiffs to commence, continue and/or maintain any concurso
petition or insolvency action and/or any other legal action including in
Mexico or elsewhere, purportedly on behalf of the plaintiffs;

(c) A declaration that the first and/or second and/or third defendants,
whether by themselves, their servants or agents or howsoever, have no
authority to act and/or shall not act for any of the plaintiffs and/or deal
with the plaintiffs’ assets including but not limited to the rigs named DECUS,
FORTIUS, IMPETUS, LAURUS and PRIMUS in any manner whatsoever;

(d) An injunction to restrain the first and/or second and/or third defendants,
whether by themselves, their servants or agents or howsoever, from relying on
and/or continuing to rely on the “Resolutions in writing of Sole Shareholder
of the Company” specified in Annex A, to cause the plaintiffs to commence,
continue and/or maintain any concurso petition or insolvency action and/or any
other legal action including in Mexico or elsewhere, purportedly on behalf of
the plaintiffs;

(e) An injunction to restrain the first and/or second and/or third defendants,
whether by themselves, their servants or agents or howsoever, from commencing,
continuing and/or maintaining any concurso petition or insolvency action
and/or any other legal action including in Mexico or elsewhere, purportedly on
behalf of the plaintiffs.

The Injunction Application

47 The prayers in the Injunction Application mirrored those that the
plaintiffs applied for in the OS and do not bear repeating save for the third
and fourth prayers which state:

(a) Leave be granted, if necessary, to serve a sealed copy of the OS on the
defendants at Javier Barros Sierra No. 540, Oficina 103 Park Plaza, Torre 1,
Colonia State, FE 01210, Mexico, D.F; and

(b) That the time for the defendants to file an Affidavit, if any, be 21 days
after service on him the OS and its supporting affidavits.

48 For the Injunction Application, the plaintiffs filed two affidavits, one by
Cochrane (who was appointed as the plaintiffs’ independent director on 29
September 2016) and the other by Vicente Bañuelos Rizo (“Rizo”), a lawyer from
the Mexican firm of solicitors Garza Tello-Clyde & Co (“Garza Tello”).

49 Cochrane’s affidavit relied on the First Concurso Petition as a breach of
the Event of Default clause which prompted Nordic Trustee to take action
against the plaintiffs and the filing of the Injunction Application. Cochrane
alleged that as the plaintiffs’ independent director, he should have but was
not informed of the First Concurso Petition nor did he attend any meeting
where it was discussed or receive board documents in connection with such a
meeting. Neither was he asked to vote or approve any resolution for the
plaintiffs to file a concurso petition. Consequently, he contended that the
First Concurso Petition was wrongful and ultra vires the plaintiffs’
constitutions. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Cochrane’s First Affidavit dated 25 January 2018 at para 31.

50 Cochrane further alleged that the first defendant’s representation that it
continues to retain control over the plaintiffs caused the Mexican court to
grant orders in the First Concurso Petition. These orders prohibited the
present directors including Hancock and Bartlett, from managing the business
and affairs of the plaintiffs. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Cochrane’s First Affidavit dated 25 January 2018 at para 62.

51 Cochrane deposed that after they learnt of the POAs, the plaintiffs’
directors passed the 9 October Resolution in [33] to revoke the POAs. The 9
October Resolution was brought to the defendants’ notice on 23 October 2017.
Despite the revocations, he alleged that the defendants persisted in
unlawfully holding themselves out as purportedly acting on the plaintiffs’
behalf. In support of his allegation, Cochrane cited the following examples of
the defendants’ actions:

(a) the defendants’ filing through Guerra of a motion on 27 October 2017 to
revoke an order of the Mexican court dated 20 October 2017 admitting the
plaintiffs’ Withdrawal Motion in [34];

(b) the filing of the Inefficiency Motion on 25 October 2017 by Mendez through
Guerra as well as the filing on the same day of a motion for pre-emptive
measures (which was dismissed on 31 October 2017);

(c) the filing of the Amparo Motion in [42];

(d) Guerra’s filing of a Motion on 8 December 2017 to revoke an earlier order
of the Mexican court made on 1 December 2017 admitting the Lack of Standing
Motion in [39]; and

(e) On 29 November 2017, Guerra filed a motion for an order to revoke an
earlier order of the Mexican court dated 21 November 2017 that had admitted a
statutory declaration made by the plaintiffs’ Singapore solicitor Haridass
Ajaib (“HA”) containing a legal opinion (“HA’s Legal Opinion”). HA’s Legal
Opinion had been filed in the Inefficiency Motion at [35] by the plaintiffs’
Mexican solicitors. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Cochrane’s First Affidavit dated 25 January 2018 at paras 34–37.

52 The above examples are not exhaustive as Cochrane had listed eleven
instances in his first affidavit. It suffices to say that Cochrane’s
complaints against the second and third defendants of misrepresentation and
breach of their duty of care as directors were viewed as serious enough by the
plaintiffs to warrant the filing of the OS and the Injunction Application.

53 At this juncture, I need to digress. Cochrane’s “independent directorship”
was challenged by the defendants. The defendants alleged that Cochrane was in
a position of conflict. Cochrane works for North Atlantic Drilling which is
owned by Seadrill which in turn owns Seamex, Oro Negro’s competitor. He did
not disclose his occupation in his affidavits, other than his directorship of
the plaintiffs. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript dated 14 September 2018, p 4 lines 12–17.

54 Rizo’s affidavit was a confirmatory affidavit of Cochrane’s affidavit. He
repeated Cochrane’s chronology of the Mexican legal proceedings between the
parties. In short, Rizo deposed that:

(a) The plaintiffs did not have the legal capacity to file a concurso
petition;

(b) The defendants did not have the authority to instruct Guerra to file a
concurso petition purportedly on the plaintiffs’ behalf; and

(c) The plaintiffs’ position was that the issue of whether their constitutions
had been complied with concerned Singapore law. Likewise, the issue of whether
Guerra was properly authorised to act for the rig owners was a matter of
Singapore law. These issues should be resolved conclusively by the courts in
Singapore and not Mexico as they relate to Singapore-incorporated plaintiffs.
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Rizo’s First Affidavit dated 25 January 2018 at para 21.

The Setting Aside Application

55 In the Setting Aside Application, the defendants prayed for the following
reliefs:

(a) The Order of Court granting leave to serve the OS on the defendants
outside Singapore be set aside and discharged;

(b) A declaration that the Court has no jurisdiction over the defendants in
respect of the subject matter of the claims, reliefs and remedies sought in
this action;

(c) The Order of Court dated 30 January be set aside and discharged; and

(d) The costs of and incidental to this application be paid by the plaintiffs
to the defendants.

The ground for the Setting Aside Application was that the plaintiffs had
failed to make full and frank disclosure, instances of which will be set out
later.

56 Numerous affidavits were filed for the Setting Aside Application. Apart
from those of five translators (an expensive exercise which involved
translating the voluminous Spanish text of the affidavits into English) and
that of a notary public (Alfredo Trujillo Betanzos), the parties and the non-
party Mendez filed 19 affidavits including ten from the plaintiffs. The second
defendant was the defendants’ representative who deposed to facts in his first
affidavit as outlined above at [9]–[45].

57 The defendants’ second deponent on facts was Daniel Pulecio-Boek (“Pulecio-
Boek”), an associate with the American law firm Quinn Emanuel Urquhart &
Sullivan LLP. Pulecio-Boek had acted for the second defendant as the foreign
representative of Oro Negro in proceedings commenced by the latter in the US
Bankruptcy Court. Pulecio-Boek confirmed [44] and [45] above in regard to the
status of the US proceedings.

58 On their part, the plaintiffs’ representatives who deposed to the factual
matrix (the versions of the plaintiffs and defendants differed somewhat) were
(a) Cochrane; (b) Hancock; and (c) Paul Leand (“Leand”).

59 Leand is the managing director and chief executive officer of AMA Capital
Partners (“AMA”), a US-incorporated company that provides advisory and
restructuring services to distressed companies. Leand deposed that AMA had
been retained by certain bondholders in relation to the bond obligations of
the first defendant and the plaintiffs on two separate occasions (2 June 2015
and 2 August 2016) to advise them on their restructuring needs. AMA had since
August 2017 advised the Ad Hoc Group. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Leand’s First Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at paras 1–3.

Leand stated that AMA opposed both the Setting Aside and the Variation
Applications.

60 In response to the defendants’ contention that Mexico was the appropriate
forum for this dispute, Leand asserted that Singapore was more appropriate for
the trial of the OS due to the many connections to Singapore as compared with
Mexico. This was because of the alleged repeated blatant contraventions of the
plaintiffs’ constitutions and the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“Companies Act”) by the defendants. He contended that the connections to
Mexico referred to by the defendants were more artificial than real. There was
also no question of duplicity of proceedings as the proceedings in Mexico
currently afoot did not cover the same issues that are before the Singapore
courts. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Leand’s First Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at paras 11 and 15–16.

61 Leand pointed out the defendants’ delay in filing the Setting Aside
Application on 30 May 2018, which was four months after the Injunction Order
was obtained. The Variation Application was filed even later on 28 June 2018.
51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Leand’s First Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at para 25.

62 Leand alleged that the defendants deliberately chose to conceal their plan
to file the First Concurso Petition from the independent director Cochrane.
The defendants empowered Guerra to file the same purportedly on the
plaintiffs’ behalf without Cochrane’s knowledge or consent. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Leand’s First Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at para 13.

63 Leand deposed that the various aspersions cast on the Ad Hoc Group by the
defendants were unfounded. The Ad Hoc Group was committed to facilitating an
out of court restructuring arrangement under the Bond Agreement that would
allow the continued operational performance of the rigs with Pemex. This would
minimise the economic impact on all stakeholders by maintaining the pre-
existing ownership structure. In fact, the Ad Hoc Group’s plan required no
additional capital injection by the equity shareholders or anyone else. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Leand’s First Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at para 44.

64 Leand admitted that the Ad Hoc Group’s attempts at restructuring were
unsuccessful. However, he alleged that this was only because negotiations
ended abruptly as a result of the clandestine collaboration between the
defendants and Guerra that led to the filing of the First Concurso Petition.
54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Leand’s First Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at para 45.

I should point out that this and the earlier paragraphs were disputed by the
second defendant (see [117], [120] and [121]).

65 Leand claimed that the Ad Hoc Group had agreed to the Pemex Proposal and
conveyed its support to the first defendant on 11 August 2017. They recognised
that losing Pemex (the sole client of Perforadora) if the Pemex Proposal was
rejected was not an option. It would lead to the immediate default on the Bond
Agreement, the downfall of the first defendant and its entire group of
companies. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Leand’s First Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at para 55.

66 However, implementing the Pemex Proposal required amendments to the Bond
Agreement. The Ad Hoc Group prepared a term sheet with proposed amendments to
the Bond Agreement (“the Bondholders’ Proposal”). However, Leand asserted that
despite the Ad Hoc Group’s willingness to engage in negotiations, as it had
done in the past for previous amendments to the Bond Agreement, the first
defendant failed to meaningfully engage with the Ad Hoc Group. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Leand’s First Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at paras 56–57.

67 Consequently, the bondholders issued a bondholder’s summons on 12 September
2017 in response to the First Concurso Petition. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Leand’s First Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at para 66.

68 By a press release on 28 August 2017, the first defendant presented a
restructuring proposal to address the Pemex Proposal. Later, on 13 September
2017, the first defendant stated that the proposal embodied in the
bondholders’ summons was not acceptable. The first defendant reiterated its
desire to proceed with its restructuring proposal even though that would
effectively compromise substantially all of the bondholders’ secured claims,
while leaving the existing management in place and granting 90% of Oro Negro’s
common equity to the existing shareholders. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Leand’s First Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at paras 71–72. Second Defendant’s
First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at pp 187–190.

69 Leand alleged that as late as 13 September 2017, the first defendant
continued to persuade the bondholders to accept their proposal which would
convert the bondholders’ secured claims to equity. This was even though
Perforadora had already filed the First Concurso Petition by then, a fact
which was unknown to the bondholders. Leand claimed that the bondholders only
came to know of the First Concurso Petition on 19 September 2017 from some
Mexican newspaper article while Perforadora disclosed the same on 21 September
2017 through a belated press release. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Leand’s First Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at paras 72–74.

70 Contrary to what the court was told at the hearing of the Injunction
Application (that the rigs were worth about US$1.2-$1.6bn), 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript dated 30 January 2018 at p 6 lines 13–14.

Leand deposed in his affidavit that without charters, each rig would only be
worth US$160m or a total of US$800m. This was significantly less than the
total principal sum outstanding on the bond of US$916,100,517. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Leand’s First Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at para 93.

It should be noted that the second defendant had estimated in his first
affidavit that each rig was worth between US$280m and US$320m. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 15.

71 Leand alleged that after the charters of the rigs were terminated by Pemex
on or about 3 October 2017, Perforadora was obliged to but failed to deliver
the rigs to the rig owners at a location to be agreed between the parties. He
added that the rig owners were denied access to the rigs for purposes of
inspecting their condition and maintenance. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Leand’s First Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at paras 95–98.

72 Leand’s allegations were hotly disputed by the second defendant in his
second affidavit. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at paras 8–9.

The second defendant accused Leand of misleading the court by giving a false
impression that he was simply a neutral professional from AMA who was advising
the bondholders. Leand failed to disclose his close personal and professional
ties to key players involved in the dispute. Leand did not inform the court he
is on the board of directors of Seadrill Ltd (“Seadrill”) which is affiliated
to Seamex, one of Oro Negro’s main competitors (see [22]). Seamex is itself a
joint venture between Seadrill and Fintech Advisory, an investment fund.

73 The second defendant further alleged that Leand had close ties with a
European billionaire John Fredriksen (“Fredriksen”), who is Seadrill’s largest
shareholder. Fredriksen is closely linked to a leading member of the Ad Hoc
Group, namely Ship Finance International (“SFIL”), as he controls the largest
shareholder of SFIL. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at para 11.

74 The second defendant also rebutted Leand’s claim that the plaintiffs had no
basis to have any issues with his role in restructuring the plaintiffs in the
light of the Pemex Proposal, given his earlier involvement in two prior
restructurings (in 2015 and 2016). He pointed out that the ownership and board
composition of the plaintiffs in 2015 differed from that in 2017. In fact, the
second and third defendants had no say/input on the 2015 restructuring
exercise which was far less extensive than that in 2017. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at paras 13–15.

75 As for the 2016 restructuring exercise, the second defendant disclosed that
contrary to Leand’s claim that there were no issues with his role therein,
Leand had insisted that AMA (led by him) should be the only financial advisor
for the 2016 restructuring exercise, representing both the plaintiffs and the
bondholders. However, the plaintiffs rejected his demands and he only advised
the bondholders. The plaintiffs engaged their own advisors. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at para 16(a).

76 The second defendant further criticised Leand for AMA’s excessive charges
as its monthly fees for the 2016 exercise was almost twice what it charged for
2015. It was a matter of concern for the plaintiffs as they had to pay the
fees incurred by the bondholders. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at para 16(b).

77 Additionally, the second defendant denied Leand’s claim (see [64]) that the
first defendant did not act in good faith in negotiating with the bondholders
in the restructuring exercise. It was open to the first defendant to withdraw
the First Concurso Petition if the plaintiffs had reached a sensible agreement
with the bondholders. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at para 19.

78 The second defendant also criticised Leand for his attempt to downplay the
value of the rigs (contradicting what was told to the court at the Injunction
Application) and for claiming that the bondholders were denied
access/possession of the rigs. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at paras 21–22.

There were injunctions in place granted by the Mexican court in the First
Concurso Petition (at [32]) that prohibited Nordic Trustee from taking any
enforcement action against the rigs and obtaining funds from the Mexican Trust
Accounts. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at para 37.

He added that the first defendant and Perforadora are maintaining the rigs and
paying for their insurance despite Nordic Trustee’s unlawful seizure of the
plaintiffs. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at para 58.

79 All three parties, ie, the plaintiffs, the defendants and the non-party
Mendez filed opinions from their legal experts. In the plaintiffs’ case, the
court was initially under the impression that their expert was Rizo who was
instructed by the plaintiffs’ Mexican lawyers Cervantes Sainz S.C.
(“Cervantes”). Rizo filed three affidavits on the plaintiffs’ behalf. However,
Rizo’s position was ambivalent. On the one hand, he deposed that he was
instructed by Cervantes to explain the nature of the joint Concurso
Proceedings and the subsequent other proceedings in Mexico. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Rizo’s First Affidavit dated 25 January 2018 at para 6.

On the other hand, in his third affidavit, he pointed out that the defendants
had mischaracterized his role in this action; he was not their expert. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Rizo’s Third Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at para 4.

However, the distinct impression given by his first affidavit dated 25 January
2018 was otherwise. Why would he be a deponent for the plaintiffs on the legal
proceedings that transpired in Mexico? Rizo is not employed by any of the
plaintiffs nor from Nordic Trustee or any of the bondholders of Oro Negro. Why
was he then involved in the OS if he was not the plaintiffs’ expert? He was
not their lawyer.

80 It seemed to the court that Rizo disavowed his status as an expert because
the second defendant’s first affidavit alleged that Rizo failed to disclose
that he had previously advised the bondholders and Nordic Trustee on the bond
issuance. His firm had also advised the plaintiffs on, inter alia, labour law
issues. He had also filed on behalf of Nordic Trustee a document in the joint
Concurso Proceedings on 18 April 2018 stating that Nordic Trustee refused to
appear in the Mexican court because it had not been properly served. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 125.

81 The plaintiffs’ expert is one Thomas Stanley Heather (“Heather”), a senior
partner at Ritch, Mueller, Heather y Nicolau S.C., a leading Mexico law firm
based in Mexico City.

82 On the eve (10 September 2018) of the hearing, the plaintiffs applied via
Summons No 4179 of 2018 for the second affidavit of Heather dated 3 September
2018 to be admitted along with the fourth affidavit of Rizo dated 6 September
2018. With the consent of the other parties, the plaintiffs’ application was
granted on condition that the court would grant leave (which it did) to the
defendants to admit the third affidavit of the second defendant and the third
affidavit of Mendez. Due to the lateness of the plaintiffs’ application, the
court awarded costs thereof to both the second defendant and Mendez.

83 Heather’s first affidavit/first legal opinion dated 23 July 2018 answered a
whole host of questions including the following:

(a) Did he agree with the opinion of Mendez’s expert Carlos David Villasante
Santoyo (“Santoyo”) that “the lack of standing motion and the pending motions
for reconsideration or revocation motions would be dismissed”?

(b) Is the amparo filed against the dismissal of the Inefficiency Petition
likely to succeed?

(c) Is the first defendant in breach of the Companies Act and/or Oro Negro’s
constitution in executing the shareholder resolution to file the First
Concurso Petition?

(d) Are the second and third defendants in breach of the Companies Act and/or
the plaintiffs’ constitutions and/or their duty to act honestly and use
reasonable diligence in their capacity as directors of the plaintiffs in
purportedly conferring powers on Guerra through the POAs?

(e) Are the second and third defendants in breach of the Companies Act and/or
the plaintiffs’ constitutions and/or their duty to act honestly and use
reasonable diligence in their capacity as directors of the plaintiffs in
purportedly representing that the plaintiffs have legal capacity to grant the
powers set out in the POAs?

(f) Are the defendants in breach of the Companies Act and/or the plaintiffs’
constitutions for holding themselves out as having management powers even
after they ceased to be the shareholder and directors of the plaintiffs, as
the case may be?

(g) What will the courts in Mexico consider to be the governing law in
determining, inter alia, whether a director, existing or former, of a
Singapore-incorporated company (i) owes a duty to that company to act in a
manner that is consistent with the constitution of that company; and (ii) is
in breach of that duty?

(h) What will the courts in Mexico consider to be the governing law in
determining whether an attorney-in-fact, existing or former, of a Singapore-
incorporated company is lawfully capable of carrying out an act on behalf of
Singapore-incorporated company? 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Heather’s First Affidavit dated 23 July 2018 at pp 19–73.

84 In his second affidavit (where he attached his second opinion) dated 3
September 2018, Heather sought to explain why he had not disclosed in his
first affidavit the fact that he had previously acted for Nordic Trustee. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Heather’s Second Affidavit dated 3 September 2018 at paras 8–10.

He explained that in his prior (limited) engagement (for which a fee statement
dated 22 November 2017 of US$750 was issued by his firm without his
knowledge), he had advised Perforadora on insolvency law and Perforadora is
not a party to these proceedings. However, even in his second affidavit,
Heather did not disclose that he had rendered advice to Nordic Trustees on
Perforadora, the former being a party very much involved in the dispute in the
OS and in the Mexican proceedings.

85 In their submissions, the defendants criticised Heather’s non-disclosure as
troubling and showed that he lacked independence. They requested the court to
disregard his opinion and give more weight to the legal opinion of the
defendants’ expert Alfonso M Lopez Melih (“Melih”) on the merits of the
defendants’ amparo appeal. In fact, in the US bankruptcy proceedings, Heather
had admitted (as he did in his second opinion) that he is not a litigator and
had himself engaged the services of Melih as an expert on a previous occasion.
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 7 September 2018 at para 53.

86 The defendants’ expert Melih is the founding partner of Lopez Melih y
Estrada S.C. Melih is a recognised expert (by the US Bankruptcy Court, inter
alia) in Mexican bankruptcy law. Melih disclosed at the outset that he had
previously represented Ares Management LP (“Ares”) and Temasek Holdings
(“Temasek”) in relation to their roles and interests as shareholders in the
first defendant but not for either company in connection with the bonds issued
by Oro Negro. However, he no longer acts for either Ares or Temasek and
neither are currently shareholders of the first defendant. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Melih’s First Affidavit dated 17 May 2018 at para 4.

87 Melih filed two affidavits on the defendants’ behalf. In his first
affidavit, Melih opined that Mexico should be the forum to determine the
parties’ dispute.

88 Melih rendered his first legal opinion on the following five issues:

(a) If the Mexican courts find in favour of the plaintiffs in the Lack of
Standing Motion and dismisses the Second Concurso Petition as well as the
Inefficiency Motion, would the plaintiffs in the OS be able to pursue any
claims against the defendants in any Mexican courts and obtain reliefs such as
damages for the defendants’ conduct in causing the Second Concurso Petition to
be filed?

(b) Would the Mexican court be able to decide any questions of Singapore law
that may arise in the course of the Lack of Standing Motion and the
Inefficiency Motion proceedings by receiving expert evidence on Singapore law
or by any other means?

(c) Is there any process under Mexican law by which persons resident in Mexico
may be compelled to testify as witnesses in Singapore court proceedings?

(d) Is there any process under Mexican law to compel a person resident in
Mexico to testify as a witness in Mexican court proceedings?

(e) In Rizo’s affidavit, he had opined that any determination by the Mexican
courts in the Lack of Standing Motion is only binding within the Second
Concurso Petition and “does not have a general res judicata effect”. Is Rizo
correct as a matter of Mexican law? 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Melih’s First Affidavit dated 17 May 2018 at pp 15–26.

89 It is pointless for the purpose of this decision to set out Melih’s answers
to each of the five issues listed above for the reason (not surprisingly),
that Melih (and Santoyo) disagreed with the views expressed by Heather.
However, Melih’s answers on three questions do merit stating. He disagreed
with Rizo’s opinion on question (e) above – in deciding the Lack of Standing
Motion, Melih said the Mexican court is likely to provide an official
interpretation of the plaintiffs’ by-laws, given that the Lack of Standing
Motion raises arguments about whether the plaintiffs’ by-laws were followed.
Such a ruling would have a general res judicata effect over every other
concurso or bankruptcy petition filed in Mexico by the plaintiffs. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Melih’s First Affidavit dated 17 May 2018 at p 25 para 6.9.

Further, Melih opined in his second expert report that even if fresh concurso
proceedings were filed by the plaintiffs, the case would be sent back to the
same court which would be unlikely to rule differently from its previous
decision. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Melih’s Second Affidavit dated 21 August 2018 at p 7 para 10.

90 In answer to question (c) above, Melih gave an affirmative answer. He
explained that the process is by way of a letter of request from the Singapore
court to the Mexican Court which however may take a year to approve the
request. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Melih’s First Affidavit dated 17 May 2018 at p 19 para 4.1.

As for question (d), Melih deposed that a Mexican court may order the arrest
of a witness or impose a fine in order to compel a witness to testify in
Mexican court proceedings. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Melih’s First Affidavit dated 17 May 2018 at p 21 para 5.1.

91 I should add that for question (c), Melih disclosed that both Singapore and
Mexico are parties to The Hague Convention on the Taking of Evidence Abroad in
Civil or Criminal Matters (18 March 1970), (entered into force 7 October
1972), accession by Singapore 27 October 1978 (“the Convention”). The
Convention enables a judicial authority of a contracting party to request the
competent authority of another one, by means of a letter of request, to obtain
evidence within its jurisdiction to be used in a pending proceeding in the
requesting state. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Melih’s First Affidavit dated 17 May 2018 at p 20.

It is noteworthy that Heather had admitted in his deposition in the US
bankruptcy proceedings, that Mexican law allows Mexican courts, including
insolvency courts, to apply foreign law. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at para 65.

92 Melih filed his second affidavit/expert report in response to Heather’s
first affidavit, Rizo’s third affidavit and in conjunction with the second
defendant’s first affidavit. The text of Article 87 of the Ley de Concursos
Mercantiles (“LCM”) was set out in Melih’s second affidavit/second expert
report. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Melih’s Second Affidavit dated 21 August 2018 at p 8 para 13.

The Article states that, excluding the provided exceptions, “any contractual
provision that due to the filing of a concurso petition or concurso lawsuit,
or its declaration, sets modifications that worsen the contractual terms for
the debtor, shall be deemed as not existent”. Melih referred to these
provisions as “Concurso-based Worsening Clauses”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Melih’s Second Affidavit dated 21 August 2018 at p 8 para 13.

93 Melih added that without Article 87, the Concurso-based Worsening Clauses
would benefit only the interested creditor, at the expense of both the debtor
and every other creditor. Article 87 entailed an order to ignore Concurso-
based Worsening Clauses at any stage of a concurso proceeding. Otherwise,
actual applications or executions derived from Concurso-based Worsening
Clauses could effectively take place before the court even issues a concurso
judgment which may result in irreversible prejudice to the debtor and its
creditors as a whole. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Melih’s Second Affidavit dated 21 August 2018 at pp 8–9 para 16.

94 Melih gave a further reason why Article 87 must apply at every stage of
concurso proceedings. The operation of Concurso-based Worsening Clauses may
result in the debtor company never being able to progress to the critical
stage where the court issues a concurso judgment. It is at this stage that the
court will thoroughly study the elements of the case and decide whether it
declares the debtor’s concurso, with all the consequences of such declaration
for the debtor and all its creditors. Accordingly, this likely makes it the
most significant judgment of the whole concurso proceeding. Therefore, it
would be against the most basic objective and purpose of the LCM to hinder the
issuance of a concurso judgment by allowing the enforcement of Concurso-based
Worsening Clauses before the issuance of a concurso judgment. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Melih’s Second Affidavit dated 21 August 2018 at p 9 para 17.

95 Mendez engaged Santoyo, a partner from law firm Villasante y Freyman S.C.
as his legal expert. Santoyo’s first expert opinion addressed (amongst others)
the issue of the position of Mendez and the others members of Guerra as the
plaintiffs’ attorneys. Santoyo opined that the attorneys are not deemed to be
servants or agents of the defendants when they so act. Instead, as attorneys,
they solely represent the interests of the plaintiffs. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Santoyo’s First Affidavit dated 27 June 2018 at p 33 paras 25–26.

96 Santoyo added that the attorneys must act on the instructions they receive
from the plaintiffs. Given the dispute over the management of the plaintiffs,
the attorneys must act in what they deem to be in the best interests of the
plaintiffs according to Article 2563 of the Civil Code for Mexico City. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Santoyo’s First Affidavit dated 27 June 2018 at p 35 paras 27–28.

97 As stated earlier (at [51(e)]), the plaintiffs had procured HA’s opinion on
certain issues that arose in Mexico. HA’s opinion was attached to a statutory
declaration dated 9 November 2017 that the plaintiffs apparently submitted in
the Mexican proceedings on 14 November 2017 so as to persuade the Mexican
court in the Lack of Standing Motion that the Second Concurso Petition was
filed on the plaintiffs’ behalf by unauthorised persons. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at paras 118–120.
Cochrane’s First Affidavit dated 25 January 2018 at p 1809.

Chavez also relied on HA’s opinion to counter the Inefficiency Motion filed by
Mendez at [35]. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Second Defendant’s First Affidavit dated 30 May 2018 at para 110.

98 HA’s Legal Opinion encompassed such issues as:

(a) What is the applicable law to decide the effectiveness of any acts done by
a company incorporated in Singapore?

(b) Did the Guerra attorneys have the capacity to file a concurso in Mexico on
behalf of the Singapore-incorporated plaintiffs?

(c) Was the transfer of shares of Oro Negro from the first defendant to OND
effective?

(d) Was the resignation of the former directors of the plaintiffs effective?

(e) Was the appointment of the current directors of the plaintiffs effective?

(f) Was the revocation of the POAs effective? 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Rizo’s First Affidavit dated 25 January 2018 at p 147.

99 Although it was not reflected in the notes of arguments, the court had
inquired of HA the wisdom of rendering a legal opinion for use by the
plaintiffs in the Mexican proceedings when he was on record as solicitors for
the plaintiffs. Surely, his impartiality would be challenged and the
objectivity of his legal opinion questioned.

100 Although there was no formal application before the court, the plaintiffs
submitted that Mendez should be added as a defendant to the OS pursuant to O
15 r 6(2)(b) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of
Court). 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions dated 7 September 2018 at para 153.

The arguments

The defendants’ submissions

101 The gravamen of the defendants’ submissions was the lack of full and frank
disclosure by the plaintiffs of material facts such as the all-important
Article 87 in Mexico’s insolvency laws and the failures of Cochrane and
Heather (and even Rizo) to disclose their possible conflict of interests as
set out earlier at [53], [72] and [80].

The non-party’s submissions

102 Counsel for Mendez, Mr Thio, pointed out that the Order of Court dated 30
January did not expressly restrain the attorneys from Guerra from commencing,
continuing and/or maintaining any concurso petition or insolvency action
and/or other legal action (including in Mexico or elsewhere), purportedly on
behalf of the plaintiffs. Under Mexican law, the Guerra attorneys are not
servants or agents of the defendants. The plaintiffs have not produced any
evidence to contradict that statement of law.

103 Notwithstanding their position in [102], in his supporting affidavit for
the Variation Application, Mendez deposed that he/the attorneys erred on the
side of caution and made the Variation Application – they did not potentially
want to be accused of being in breach of an order of court of another
jurisdiction. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Mendez’s First Affidavit dated 27 June 2018 at para 114.

Despite not having obtained leave of court to do so, the plaintiffs had
threatened Mendez and the attorneys with contempt proceedings which according
to the plaintiffs’ submissions, the court is empowered of its own motion to do
so pursuant to O 52 r 4 of the Rules of Court. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions dated 7 September 2018 at para 7.

This court would point out that it is unlikely a court would commit a party
for contempt of court of its own volition, unless there is strong cogent
evidence of such contempt having been committed which was not in the case
here.

104 Both Mr Bull, counsel for the defendants, and Mr Thio complained that the
plaintiffs’ conduct and the Order of Court dated 30 January was akin to the
second and third defendants as well as Mendez being in a boxing ring with
their hands tied behind their backs while the plaintiffs punched them; it was
an unfair and unequal fight.

The plaintiffs’ submissions

105 The plaintiffs’ submissions focussed on the breaches by the second and
third defendants of their duties as directors of the Singapore-incorporated
plaintiffs with numerous cases cited in support of this argument.

106 In relation to Oro Negro, the second and third defendants were alleged to
have breached Articles 115A and 116(B) of its constitution. The Articles read:

115A – Notwithstanding any other Article, unless:

(i) approved by the Company in General Meeting and

(ii) If an Independent Director has been appointed in accordance with Article
88A, the Independent Director (whose vote is necessary) has voted in approval,
the Directors shall not carry into effect any of the following;

(a) the voluntary cessation of business, dissolution and liquidation of, or
any filing for bankruptcy or concurso mercantile or judicial restructuring by
or of the Company;

(b) any merger, spin-off, transfer, sale, consolidation or corporate
restructuring of the Company; and

(c) any petition in respect of, the commencement or agreement by the Company
to become a debtor under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar filing, case or
proceeding including without limitation, any filing, case or proceeding
seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganisation, arrangement, adjustment,
protection, scheme of arrangement… including the filing of a voluntary or a
pre-packaged Concurso filing under the provisions of the Mexican Ley de
Concurso Mercantiles.

116(B) – The Directors may from time to time by power of attorney under the
Seal appoint any company, firm or person or any fluctuating body of persons
whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors to be the attorney
or attorneys of the Company for such purposes and with such powers,
authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by
the Directors under these Articles) and for such period and subject to such
condition as they may think fit, and any such power of attorney may contain
such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with
such attorneys as the Director may think fit and may also authorise any such
attorney to subdelegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions
vested in him.

I should add that the rig owners have either the same or similar articles in
their respective constitutions. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions dated 7 September 2018 at para 26.

107 However, the plaintiffs’ reliance on the above articles would not apply to
or prevent, the first defendant as a shareholder of Oro Negro and in turn the
rig owners, from applying to the Mexican courts for a concurso petition.

108 The plaintiffs had argued that Singapore is the more appropriate forum
compared to Mexico for this dispute, citing the following determining factors
as spelled out by the Court of Appeal in Rappo Tania v Accent Delight [2017] 2
SLR 265 at [71]:

(a) personal connections of the parties and their witnesses;

(b) connections to relevant events and transactions;

(c) applicable law to the dispute;

(d) existence of proceedings elsewhere; and

(e) “shape of the litigation” (ie, the manner in which the claim and defence
have been pleaded). 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions dated 7 September 2018 at para 20.

While the court can (and did) give due regard to the above factors, it bears
remembering that this is a Setting Aside Application of an anti-suit
injunction that was granted ex parte, not an application based on forum non
conveniens.

The decision

109 It would be useful to first look at the provisions in the Companies Act
and O 29 r 1 of the Rules of Court which were the premise for this OS. I begin
with the provisions in the Companies Act.

Effect of constitution

39.—(1) Subject to this Act, the constitution of a company shall when
registered bind the company and the members thereof to the same extent as if
it respectively had been signed and sealed by each member and contained
covenants on the part of each member to observe all the provisions of the
constitution.

Injunctions

409A.—(1) Where a person has engaged, is engaging or is proposing to engage in
any conduct that constituted, constitutes or would constitute a contravention
of this Act, the Court may, on the application of —

(a) the Registrar; or

(b) any person whose interests have been, are or would be affected by the
conduct,

grant an injunction restraining the first-mentioned person from engaging in
the conduct and, if in the opinion of the Court it is desirable to do so,
requiring that person to do any act or thing.

(2) Where a person has refused or failed, is refusing or failing, or is
proposing to refuse or fail, to do an act or thing that he is required by this
Act to do, the Court may, on the application of —

(a) the Registrar; or

(b) any person whose interests have been, are or would be affected by the
refusal or failure to do that act or thing,

grant an injunction requiring the first-mentioned person to do that act or
thing.

(3) Where an application is made to the Court for an injunction under
subsection (1), the Court may, if in the opinion of the Court it is desirable
to do so, before considering the application, grant an interim injunction
restraining a person from engaging in conduct of the kind referred to in
subsection (1) pending the determination of the application.

(4) The Court may rescind or vary an injunction granted under subsection (1),
(2) or (3).

110 It was the gravamen of the plaintiffs’ case against the second and third
defendants that they had breached s 157 of the Companies Act which relevant
extracts read as follows:

As to the duty and liability of officers

157.—(1) A director shall at all times act honestly and use reasonable
diligence in the discharge of the duties of his office.

(2) An officer or agent of a company shall not make improper use of his
position as an officer or agent of the company or any information acquired by
virtue of his position as an officer or agent of the company to gain, directly
or indirectly, an advantage for himself or for any other person or to cause
detriment to the company.

111 Then there is O 29 r 1 of the Rules of Court which states:

Application for injunction (O. 29, r.1)

1.—(1) An application for the grant of an injunction may be made by any party
to a cause or matter before or after the trial of the cause or matter, whether
or not a claim for the injunction was included in that party’s originating
process, counterclaim or third party notice, as the case may be.

(2) Such application may be made by summons supported by an affidavit and
where the case is one of urgency, may be made ex parte.

112 It is unusual for a corporate applicant (as in this case) to apply for an
injunction founded on s 409A of the Companies Act. A corporate applicant can
just as well apply for an injunction in equity as an injunction is an
equitable remedy. Similarly, there is no necessity to resort to the statutory
duties of directors under s 157 of the Companies Act for allegations of
breaches by the second and third defendants when their common law duties as
directors are no different. In any event, the plaintiffs’ reliance on s 39 of
the Companies Act (at [109]) is misconceived. As directors of the plaintiffs,
the second and third defendants are not “members” of the companies. Not being
“members”, the second and third defendants are not bound by the constitutions
of the plaintiffs.

113 It is the court’s view that there was no necessity for the plaintiffs to
rely on O 29 of the Rules of Court either. A Singapore High Court has the
following additional powers under r 14 of the First Schedule under the SCJA:

Reliefs and remedies

14\. Power to grant all reliefs and remedies at law and in equity, including
damages in addition to, or in substitution for, an injunction or specific
performance.

114 Why then did the plaintiffs rely on Singapore legislation and subsidiary
legislation for the OS? It is the court’s view that it was a pretext in order
to bring proceedings in Singapore.

115 From the documentation presented at the hearing, it was clear that quite
apart from the above provisions of our Companies Act and O 29 of the Rules of
Court, the court must have regard to the Mexican proceedings.

116 It also became increasingly clear from the arguments tendered at the
hearing of the Setting Aside Application, that Article 87 of Mexico’s LCM is
crucial in the determination of the parties’ dispute. However, at the hearing
of the Injunction Application, no mention was made of Article 87 at all.
Instead the court was told that “the only issue the Mexican courts are
considering is Article 20 of the concurso law, a narrow ground”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript dated 30 January 2018, p 10 lines 23–25.

Nothing could be further from the truth.

117 The defendants had submitted that the non-disclosure to the court of
Article 87 was deliberate while Mendez accused the plaintiffs of suppression.
In this regard, Mr Thio had informed the court that Article 87 is crucial in
relation to the punitive damages claim at [35(b)]. If Article 87 prevails, it
would invalidate the Event of Default clause in the Bond Agreement (at [17]).
That in turn meant that all subsequent actions by Nordic Trustees/the
bondholders such as the appointment of new directors and revocation of the
appointment of existing directors would be invalid. That also meant that
Nordic Trustees’ appointments of Hancock and Bartlett as directors (at [26])
would be invalid and so too the OS that they initiated. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcript dated 11 September 2018, p 12 lines 20–30.

118 The first defendant had deposed that the Mexican court had ruled on 29
December 2017 (before the Injunction Application) that a provision in the
Pemex Charters, which was similar to the Event of Default clause in the Bond
Agreement and upon which Pemex relied on to terminate the Pemex Charters, was
invalid for contravening Mexican law. The court was not told of this crucial
fact at the hearing of the Injunction Application. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 7 September 2018 at para 35.

119 Mr Bull highlighted that a typical anti-suit injunction issued by the
Singapore courts results in foreign proceedings coming to a halt. However, the
injunction that the plaintiffs sought would have allowed for the foreign
proceedings to continue, but essentially placed a “gag” on the defendants and
Mendez. Mr Bull stated that he could not find a single precedent where this
was done before. I should point out that the plaintiffs had no answer to this
submission. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript of 11 September 2018, p 9 lines 10–16.

120 Further, until it was disclosed in the second defendant’s second
affidavit, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at paras 71–72.

the court was unaware that the rig owners had filed criminal complaints
against the second defendant and three lawyers from Guerra. In addition, the
second and sixth plaintiffs had filed identical law suits in Mexico City in
April 2018, and sometime in June to July 2018, against DB Mexico and
Perforadora. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at para 73.

121 What Nordic Trustee, the bondholders and the plaintiffs have done was to
vigorously defend the Mexican proceedings in the joint Concurso Proceedings
initiated by the first defendant and Perforadora, and launch fresh proceedings
through the plaintiffs or the rig owners against the second defendant, the
Guerra attorneys and Perforadora. Thereafter, using the plaintiffs, they came
to Singapore in their attempt to muzzle and stop the defendants from
proceeding with the joint Concurso Proceedings in Mexico. Such underhand
tactics cannot be condoned.

122 It also emerged from the second defendant’s second affidavit that the
reason for the rig owners being Singapore-incorporated companies had nothing
to do with the first defendant’s intention (as the plaintiffs contended
through Cochrane, Hancock and Leand) that any disputes arising out of the
capacity and management of the plaintiffs should be subject to Singapore and
the Singapore court’s jurisdiction. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at paras 80–81.
Leand’s First Affidavit dated 25 July 2018 at para 14. Hancock’s First
Affidavit dated 26 July 2018 at para 31.

Instead, it was a requirement of a different group of creditors who had
underwritten the purchase of the first two rigs through a bridging loan as an
interim financing option. That loan has since been paid off.

123 As for Hancock’s claim that the plaintiffs maintained bank accounts in
Singapore with DNB ASA Singapore Branch, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Hancock’s First Affidavit dated 26 July 2018 at para 36.

the second defendant accused the plaintiffs of failing to disclose that those
accounts were closed before the OS was taken out. The funds in the Singapore
bank accounts had been transferred to the Oslo branch of DNB ASA. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Second Defendant’s Second Affidavit dated 23 August 2018 at paras 85–86.

124 At the outset of the hearing of the Injunction Application, the court had
posed the following question to counsel for the plaintiffs:

This matter covers only Mexican parties, but the suit is brought in Singapore?
110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript dated 30 January 2018 at p 2 lines 8–9.

Counsel’s response was only to draw the court’s attention to and rely on the
two affidavits of Cochrane and Rizo filed for the Injunction Application. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript dated 30 January 2018 at p 2 lines 11–12.

125 In an attempt to persuade the court that Singapore is the correct forum to
determine the dispute, Hancock in his first affidavit, which was filed to
oppose the Setting Aside and Variation Applications, had said:

It is a matter of public record that the Rigs (which the Plaintiffs took
delivery of as registered owners) were all constructed in Singapore by ship-
builders incorporated in Singapore (Keppel Fels Ltd and PPL Shipyard Pte Ltd):
see [45–123]. In all likelihood, the Plaintiffs would be parties to the rig
construction contracts with those Singapore-incorporated shipbuilders. These
contracts were probably priced in excess of USD 1.2 billion (see Cochrane’s
1st Affidavit at [61.1]) and the full amount of the contract prices,
presumably, would have been paid to the Singapore-incorporated shipbuilders
prior to the Plaintiffs taking delivery of the Rigs . 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Hancock’s First Affidavit dated 26 July 2018 at para 35.

[emphasis added]

126 I agree with the defendants’ submission that this linkage is contrived and
in the court’s view, the above italicised portion shows how desperate the
plaintiffs were to establish their tenuous connection(s) with Singapore. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 7 September 2018 at para 133.

To adopt the words of Mr Bull, it is totally fortuitous that the plaintiffs
are Singapore companies or that the rigs were built in Singapore. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript dated 14 September 2018 at p 8 lines 23–24.

It bears noting that the second defendant’s explanation (at [122]) as to why
the rigs are owned by Singapore-incorporated companies was neither disputed
nor rebutted by the plaintiffs. The fact that the plaintiffs’ auditors are
from a reputable Singapore accounting firm is neither here nor there. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Hancock’s First Affidavit dated 26 July 2018 at para 33.

127 It was clear from the affidavits and documentation before the court that
the dispute in the Mexican proceedings and in the OS had nothing to do with
Singapore or Singapore law albeit the fact that the plaintiffs are all
Singapore-incorporated companies. The documentation revealed the following
conflicting jurisdictions:

(a) The parties to the Bond Agreement dated 24 January 2014 are only Oro Negro
and Nordic Trustee while the document is subject to Norwegian law;

(b) The Trust Agreement dated 21 June 2016 between Oro Negro and Nordic
Trustee is subject to Mexican law;

(c) The Pemex Charters between Perforadora and Pemex are governed by Mexican
law and jurisdiction; and

(d) The two Share Charge agreements between (i) the first defendant and Nordic
Trustee; and (ii) Oro Negro and Nordic Trustee both dated 29 April 2016 are
governed by Singapore law. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Core Documents at p 1202.

128 Whilst the constitutions of the rig owners all referred to Singapore, only
the Share Charge agreements in (d) above are governed by Singapore law.

129 In the plaintiffs’ submissions, there were repeated references to breaches
of the various agreements in [127]. But there was no reference to who were the
parties in breach – they were not the defendants.

130 To elaborate, the rig owners have no privity of contract vis-à-vis the
Bond Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Pemex Charters or the Share Charges.
Consequently, they do not have any locus standi to make the many complaints
deposed to in the affidavits of Cochrane and Hancock.

131 There was an attempt by the plaintiffs in their submissions to request the
court to join Mendez as a defendant to the proceedings. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions dated 7 September 2018 at para 153.

Fortunately, this was not pursued. The court would not have acceded to the
request bearing in mind that, like the request to the court for committal of
the second and third defendants for contempt of court, there was no formal
application placed before the court.

132 For the plaintiffs to say that the plaintiffs’ case is bound to succeed is
premature. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Plaintiffs’ Snapshot Submissions dated 11 September 2018 at para 19.1.

The plaintiffs then went on to make the sweeping statement that:

Mexico is not an available forum because (i) its existence as a forum is
manufactured by the Defendants and predicated on their illegal acts, which
contravene Singapore laws, statutes and public policy and (ii) to hold
otherwise would subvert the exclusive jurisdiction agreements in favour of
Singapore, and make a mockery of the obligations they had voluntarily assumed
in the Share Charges recognising Singapore as the most appropriate forum which
also includes a contractual estoppel to argue otherwise. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Plaintiffs’ Snapshot Submissions dated 11 September 2018 at para 23.2.

With respect, the court does not share that view.

133 Instead, it appeared to this court that the plaintiffs were acting in bad
faith. They not only resisted the Mexican proceedings initiated by the first
defendant and Perforadora but had also launched fresh proceedings (at [120])
against the Guerra attorneys, the second defendant and Perforadora. The
plaintiffs then applied to the Singapore courts to muzzle and/or prevent the
defendants from pursuing the pending Mexican proceedings by an anti-suit
injunction. It would be a different consideration altogether if the plaintiffs
had applied to the Mexican courts to stay proceedings there against Oro Negro
and/or the rigs owners but they did not.

134 It is also telling that the plaintiffs selectively chose to rely on the
Share Charges because those were the only agreements (see [127(d)]) that are
governed by Singapore law. However, only Oro Negro and the first defendant are
parties to those agreements. Their counterparty is Nordic Trustee who is not a
party to the OS. The rig owners have no basis to complain or sue the
defendants on those agreements.

135 Moreover, the main agreement in relation to the Mexican proceedings and
the OS is the Bond Agreement (at [127(a)]) which contracting parties again are
only Oro Negro and Nordic Trustee. All the other agreements (save for the
Pemex Charters) flowed from the Bond Agreement.

136 Consequently, the plaintiffs’ submissions and the assertions in Cochrane’s
and Hancock’s affidavits that the dispute only concerned Singapore-
incorporated companies rang hollow when viewed objectively against the
backdrop of the agreements in [127]. Both had studiously avoided mention of
Article 87 in their affidavits.

137 The court had also noted earlier (at [47]) that the prayers in the
Injunction Application mirrored those in the OS. Granting the Injunction
Application effectively meant giving the plaintiffs the relief they wanted in
the OS.

138 In short, the court set aside the injunction because it offended the
court’s sense of fair play to allow the plaintiffs’ injunction to remain in
place in the light of the ongoing Mexican proceedings. An injunction is an
equitable remedy. He who comes to equity must come with clean hands – the
plaintiffs’ hands were not clean as material facts had been suppressed.

139 Moreover, the court must have regard to the comity of nations. Due
consideration must be given to the court proceedings in Mexico as well as the
fact that the US Bankruptcy Court had granted a stay of proceedings of actions
initiated in the US by Nordic Trustees.

The Leave Application

140 As alluded to earlier (at [7]), the court had also dismissed the
plaintiffs’ application for leave to appeal against the setting aside of the
ex parte injunction and the costs of $20,000 awarded to Mendez, those being
interlocutory orders. The defendants and Mendez were in agreement that leave
was not required for the orders which are the subject matter of Civil Appeal
No 194 of 2018.

141 In support of the Leave Application, Hancock filed his second affidavit
dated 20 September 2018. Not surprisingly, the Leave Application was resisted
by the defendants as well as by Mendez. In this regard, the second defendant
filed his fourth affidavit dated 9 October 2018 in opposition.

142 The plaintiffs’ instructed counsel Mr Calvin Liang listed the questions of
general principle and public importance to be determined by the Court of
Appeal as follows:

(a) Whether a Singapore-incorporated company, pending final determination of
any action, continues to be subjected to foreign or even local insolvency
proceedings notwithstanding that its constitution prohibits the carrying into
effect of insolvency proceedings unless certain conditions precedent are
satisfied; 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions dated 8 November 2018 at para 17.

(b) What is the scope and application of injunctions granted pursuant to s
409A of the Companies Act on which there is only a High Court authority, Tang
Yoke Kheng v Lek Benedict [2004] 3 SLR(R) 12 (“Lek Benedict”), but no Court of
Appeal authority; 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions dated 8 November 2018 at paras 18–22.

(c) What is the interaction between the applicable legal tests for injunctions
which contain elements of an anti-suit injunction, an injunction to prevent
the breach of negative covenants, as in RGA Holdings v Loh Choon Ping and Anor
[2017] 2 SLR 997 (“RGA Holdings”) and an injunction pursuant to s 409A of the
Companies Act; and

(d) Whether an applicant must demonstrate that the balance of convenience lies
in his favour regardless of which type of injunction is applied for. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions dated 8 November 2018 at 23–34.

143 Mr Liang submitted that if leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal is
denied, and the Court of Appeal subsequently finds that the Singapore courts
have jurisdiction over the defendants, it would be fettered from determining
whether the injunction should be reinstated. The plaintiffs would suffer
prejudice if they have to apply for an injunction afresh before the High Court
and possibly before the Court of Appeal again. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions dated 8 November 2018 at paras 8–9.

There would be prejudice to the plaintiffs while this was happening as time
and costs would be wasted in Mexican proceedings which the plaintiffs
contended should not have been brought in the first place. He alleged that the
second and third defendants as directors are liable for inducing the
continuing breaches of the plaintiffs’ constitutions. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions dated 8 November 2018 at para 15(c).

144 Mr Liang added that the first prayer granted in the Setting Aside
Application, namely that the Singapore courts lacked jurisdiction, had a
“knock-on” effect on the orders for which the plaintiffs sought leave to
appeal against. The Court of Appeal should therefore look at the matter. No
authorities were cited for this proposition. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript dated 8 November 2018 at p 5 lines 13–30 and p 6 lines 1–2.

145 In opposing the Leave Application, the second defendant in his fourth
affidavit deposed that the plaintiffs’ questions of general importance are
contrived and in any event do not warrant a decision of a higher tribunal. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Second Defendant’s Fourth Affidavit dated 11 October 2018 at para 9.

The court had expressed a similar sentiment at [114] above in relation to the
plaintiffs’ reliance on Singapore legislation and subsidiary legislation for
the OS.

146 The second defendant made the following points in response to the
plaintiffs’ assertion that the defendants disregarded the plaintiffs’
constitutions. The second defendant deposed that the first defendant was only
a shareholder of Oro Negro (the first plaintiff) and not of the rig owners.
Consequently, to warrant being granted leave to appeal, the first defendant
could only have breached a provision in Oro Negro’s constitution. However, the
first defendant could not have breached Oro Negro’s constitution, in
particular Article 115A (at [106]), by resolving to place Oro Negro in
concurso proceedings. Article 115A does not prohibit the first defendant from
resolving to place Oro Negro in concurso proceedings. In fact, Article 115A(i)
specifically provides that the first defendant as Oro Negro’s sole shareholder
had to resolve in a general meeting that Oro Negro be placed in concurso
proceedings. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Second Defendant’s Fourth Affidavit dated 11 October 2018 at para 10.

147 The second defendant pointed out that what Article 115A in Oro Negro’s
constitution and the equivalent provisions in the constitutions of the rig
owners prohibit are directors of the plaintiffs from carrying into effect a
petition for the commencement of concurso proceedings. Neither the second nor
the third defendants breached Article 115A in this regard as they have no
privity of contract with the plaintiffs. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Second Defendant’s Fourth Affidavit dated 11 October 2018 at para 12.

As stated above at [112], the second and third defendants are not members of
the plaintiffs and are not bound by their constitutions. It follows therefrom
that the second and third defendants could not have breached any negative
covenant of the sort found in RGA Holdings.

148 Counsel for the defendants submitted that leave to appeal on questions of
principle and public importance relate to issues that have a broader impact
than just one case. He argued that the plaintiffs did not come close to
satisfying the legal requirements for leave to appeal as spelt out in Lee Kuan
Yew v Tang Liang Hong [1997] 2 SLR(R) 862 at [16]. These consist of the
following three disjunctive limbs:

(a) a prima facie case of error of law;

(b) a question of general importance decided for the first time; or

(c) a question of importance upon which further argument and a decision of a
higher tribunal would be to the public advantage.

149 The court agreed with the defendants that the plaintiffs’ case did not
warrant being granted leave to appeal. Earlier, the court had observed at
[112] that it was not necessary for the plaintiffs to have relied on ss 157
and 409A of the Companies Act for the OS. It was done purely as a tactical
move to buttress the tenuous links the plaintiffs have with Singapore.

150 Here, there were no negative covenants to be complied with, let alone the
threat to repeat the breach of such a covenant (as in RGA Holdings) to warrant
the grant of an injunction. The plaintiffs were seeking an anti-suit
injunction to restrain proceedings in Mexico in which they actively
participated and in which the second and sixth plaintiffs had launched fresh
proceedings (at [120]). As stated earlier at [133], it would be a different
consideration altogether if the plaintiffs had sought to stay the existing
Mexican proceedings in favour of proceedings being commenced in Singapore.

151 The plaintiffs submitted that the scope and application of injunctions
granted pursuant to s 409A of the Companies Act was a question of general
principle and public importance. In Lek Benedict, the plaintiffs had applied
for statutory injunctions under s 409A of the Companies Act against the
defendants to enjoin the latter from disposing or otherwise dealing with the
goods and other assets of the company. The court granted the injunctions on an
interim basis. The injunctions were subsequently discharged on the defendants’
application on the basis that the plaintiffs had not made full and frank
disclosure of material facts in obtaining them (Lek Benedict at [14]). There
was nothing in that case to suggest that a court in determining whether a
statutory injunction under s 409A should be granted would have regard to
factors/considerations different from those applicable in ordinary
injunctions.

152 The plaintiffs had also cited The Xin Chang Shu [2016] 3 SLR 1195, a
shipping case where the High Court had to decide whether a wrongful arrest
order was an “interlocutory order” for the purpose of para (e) of the Fifth
Schedule of the SCJA for which leave to appeal was required. I do not see the
relevance of this case nor of other cases cited by the plaintiffs.

153 The court was therefore of the view that there were no grounds for leave
to appeal to be granted. While the plaintiffs also relied on logic and
sensible case management considerations, 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions dated 8 November 2018 at para 11.

these are not grounds for granting leave to appeal for interlocutory
applications. Neither could I see how denying leave to appeal to the
plaintiffs would have the undesirable effect of tying the hands of the Court
of Appeal. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions dated 8 November 2018 at para 8.

154 It is to be noted that the plaintiffs sought leave to appeal against the
costs order made in favour of Mendez. Costs orders per se are not appealable
as of right under the Fifth Schedule of the SCJA. Furthermore, the plaintiffs’
arguments premised on provisions of the Companies Act set out at [109] and
[110] have no application to Mendez – he is neither a director nor shareholder
of any of the plaintiffs.

155 Consequently, the court dismissed the Leave Application.

Lai Siu Chiu  
Senior Judge

Ajaib Haridass, Mohammad Haireez Bin Mohameed Jufferie and  
Ragini d/o Parasuram (Haridass Ho & Partners), Calvin Liang  
(instructed counsel for the Leave Application) (Essex Court Chambers Duxton
(Singapore Group Practice)) for the plaintiffs/appellants;  
Cavinder Bull SC, Rajaram Vikram Raja and Lua Jie Ying, Kelly (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the defendants/respondents;  
Thio Shen Yi SC and Md Noor E Adnaan  
(TSMP Law Corporation)  
for the non-party/respondent.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

