Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHCR 05

Originating Summons No 218 of 2017 (Assessment of Damages No 19 of 2018)

In the matter of Section 35(2) of the Societies Act (Cap 311, 2014 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of the Singapore Recreation Club

Between

Shepherdson, Terence Christopher  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Singapore Recreation Club  
---  
  
… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Unincorporated Associations and Trade Unions] — [Friendly Societies] —
[Offences]

[Damages] — [Assessment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Shepherdson, Terence Christopher

  

v

  

Singapore Recreation Club

[2019] SGHCR 05

High Court — Originating Summons No 218 of 2017 (Assessment of Damages No 19
of 2018)  
Navin Anand AR  
3-5 October 2018; 22 November 2018

22 February 2019 Judgment reserved.

Navin Anand AR:

Introduction

1 The Plaintiff, Mr Terence Christopher Shepherdson (“Mr Shepherdson”), is a
member of the Defendant, the Singapore Recreation Club (“SRC”). On 16 April
2016, Mr Shepherdson stood up during the annual general meeting of SRC (the
“2016 AGM”) to raise a point of order. He was told by the chairman to sit
down. An altercation between the chairman and Mr Shepherdson ensued. Mr
Shepherdson did not succeed in raising the point of order, and left the hall
where the 2016 AGM was held.

2 Thus began the start of Mr Shepherdson’s woes. Shortly after the 2016 AGM,
SRC received three written complaints about Mr Shepherdson’s conduct at the
2016 AGM. A disciplinary committee was convened, and it found Mr Shepherdson
guilty of two breaches of the Singapore Recreation Club Constitution (“SRC’s
Constitution”). Mr Shepherdson appealed against the decision of the
disciplinary committee to the Management Committee (“MC”) of the SRC, which
upheld the decision of the disciplinary committee. As a result, Mr Shepherdson
was suspended for a period of 12 months commencing 15 December 2016, and
ordered to pay a fine of $1,000.

3 Dissatisfied, Mr Shepherdson applied in this action to set aside SRC’s
decision. The matter came for hearing before Woo Bih Li J, who nullified the
suspension and the fine, and ordered SRC to pay damages, the quantum of which
was to be assessed (see Shepherdson, Terence Christopher v Singapore
Recreation Club [2017] SGHC 323 (“Shepherdson v SRC”)).

4 The proceedings before me concerned the assessment of damages payable as a
result of Mr Shepherdson’s invalid suspension from SRC. Having considered the
evidence before me and the parties’ arguments, I award $3,600 as damages for
the deprivation of membership rights and privileges, and $14,000 as damages
for mental distress. I set out my reasons below.

Background Facts

5 The detailed facts of the case are set out in Shepherdson v SRC, so I will
only highlight the facts which are relevant to the assessment of damages.

Suspension from SRC

6 On 16 April 2016, SRC held its 2016 AGM at the Raffles City Convention
Centre. The chairman of the meeting was the then Vice-President of the MC, Dr
Sarbjit Singh (“Dr Singh”).

7 After a quorum was reached, Dr Singh called the meeting to order and started
his opening address without opening the voting booth. Mr Shepherdson
approached the nearest microphone in the hall and raised a point of order that
the voting booth should be opened immediately after a quorum was reached. Mr
Shepherdson’s view was based on Rule 35(e)(ii) of SRC’s Constitution, and he
was motivated by the desire that members be allowed to cast their votes
without having to wait until the conclusion of Dr Singh’s speech (see
Shepherdson v SRC at [4]).

8 Dr Singh told Mr Shepherdson to sit down, and took the view that the voting
booth should only be opened after he had concluded his speech. Mr Shepherdson
tried to repeat his point, but his microphone was switched off. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Shepherdson Terence Christopher dated 14
September 2018 (“Shepherdson’s AEIC”) at para 19.

The situation escalated, and resulted in a tense exchange between Dr Singh, Mr
Shepherdson, and some other members of SRC which lasted for a few minutes. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ibid.

Mr Shepherdson left the hall after the argument, and the voting booth was
opened after Dr Singh concluded his speech.

9 Between 20 and 26 April 2016, SRC received three written complaints from Mr
Shawn Chua, Mr Maxwell Norbert Fernando (“Mr Fernando”) and Ms Paul Elizabeth
(“Ms Elizabeth”) about Mr Shepherdson’s conduct at the 2016 AGM (see
Shepherdson v SRC at [5]). Mr Shawn Chua passed away on 10 July 2016 before
the Complaints Committee (“CC”) was appointed so SRC took the position that
his complaint was to be treated as having been withdrawn (see Shepherdson v
SRC at [10]).

10 The CC convened on 30 August 2016 to consider the remaining two complaints
against Mr Shepherdson, and recommended that the complaints be referred to a
Disciplinary Committee (“DC”), which was constituted on 10 October 2016. The
CC recommended that the following two charges be brought against Mr
Shepherdson regarding his conduct at the 2016 AGM (see Shepherdson v SRC at
[16]-[18]):

(a) the first was for disorderly and boisterous behaviour on the part of Mr
Shepherdson when Dr Singh was delivering his opening address, in breach of
Rule 30(b)(vi) of SRC’s Constitution; and

(b) the second was for deliberately heckling Dr Singh during his opening
address, in breach of Rule 30(b)(xiii) of SRC’s Constitution.

11 The DC hearing took place on 2 November 2016, with Mr Shepherdson and
various witnesses in attendance. On 8 November 2016, the DC issued its written
report and found Mr Shepherdson guilty of both charges. The DC recommended
that Mr Shepherdson be fined $1,000 on the first charge, and suspended for 12
months on the second charge (see Shepherdson v SRC at [21]).

12 On 16 November 2016, SRC notified Mr Shepherdson of the DC’s decision, and
informed him that he had 14 days to appeal against that decision to the MC. Mr
Shepherdson appealed against the DC’s decision on 28 November 2016.

13 The MC held a meeting on 12 December 2016 to consider the appeal (the “MC
Meeting”). At the MC Meeting, Dr Singh recused himself and asked three others
– Mr Fabian Chan (“Mr Chan”), Mr Ronald Wee (“Mr Wee”) and Mr Tay Peng Kee
(“Mr Tay”) – to recuse themselves as well (see Shepherdson v SRC at [55]). For
Mr Chan, Dr Singh’s purported reason for asking him to recuse himself was that
Mr Chan had previously made a complaint against Mr Shepherdson. For the other
two, Dr Singh’s purported reason was that they would have been biased in Mr
Shepherdson’s favour because they were informally part of the same team that
stood for election at the 2016 AGM. Mr Chan, Mr Wee, and Mr Tay agreed to
recuse themselves. As a result, seven members of the MC (“Remaining Seven
Members”) were left to consider the appeal and they decided to uphold the
decision of the DC.

14 By way of a letter dated 14 December 2016, SRC informed Mr Shepherdson
that: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Shareef Bin Abdul Jaffar dated 11 September
2018 (“Shareef’s AEIC”) at pp 36-37.

(a) the MC had dismissed his appeal;

(b) he was suspended from SRC for a period of 12 months from 15 December 2016
to 15 December 2017;

(c) he was still liable to pay the monthly subscription fee during the period
of suspension;

(d) he had to pay a fine of $1,000, which had to be settled in full before his
membership could be reactivated on 15 December 2017; and

(e) the decision of the MC was final.

Proceedings before Woo J

15 On 28 February 2017, Mr Shepherdson commenced the present action under
Section 35(2) of the Societies Act (Cap 311, 2014 Rev Ed) to nullify the
suspension and the fine imposed by SRC.

16 Mr Shepherdson raised various arguments to impugn SRC’s decision. Most of
these arguments were either not pursued or were not accepted by Woo J (see
Shepherdson v SRC at [27]-[53]). Woo J did however find that the MC failed to
give Mr Shepherdson a fair hearing for the following reasons:

(a) Dr Singh had an interest in the complaints made against Mr Shepherdson
(see Shepherdson v SRC at [57]-[60]). Although Dr Singh was not one of the
complainants, he was in substance as directly interested as Mr Fernando and Ms
Elizabeth in the complaints as he was the very person with whom Mr Shepherdson
had an altercation with at the 2016 AGM and he complained about Mr
Shepherdson’s conduct when he appeared as a witness at the DC hearing.

(b) The Remaining Seven Members had acted inconsistently with respect to the
recusal of Mr Wee and Mr Tay (see Shepherdson v SRC at [69]). On the one hand,
the Remaining Seven Members appeared to have agreed with Dr Singh’s assessment
that it would have been improper for Mr Wee and Mr Tay to consider the appeal,
as they had stood for election at the 2016 AGM with Mr Shepherdson as a team.
On the other hand, however, they did not seem to think it improper for them to
sit, even though they had likewise stood for election as part of a team with
Dr Singh.

(c) In Woo J’s view, this inconsistency constituted apparent bias, if not
actual bias, against Mr Shepherdson. Even if it was true that the Remaining
Seven Members would have outvoted Mr Wee and Mr Tay and the result would have
been the same, the process was tainted (see Shepherdson v SRC at [70]).

17 As a result, on 3 November 2017, Woo J granted Mr Shepherdson’s application
to nullify the suspension and the fine. Woo J also ordered SRC to pay damages
to be assessed by the Registrar, with the costs of the assessment of damages
and interest also to be determined by the Registrar.

18 SRC reactivated Mr Shepherdson’s membership on 3 November 2017 (ie, on the
same day as Woo J’s decision), and thereafter sent Mr Shepherdson a letter
dated 6 November 2017 to inform him of this. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Shareef’s AEIC at para 24 and p 38.

In total, Mr Shepherdson’s membership was suspended for 10 months and 20 days.
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ibid at para 25.

The Assessment Proceedings

19 Mr Shepherdson sought the following two heads of damages: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Prayer 4 of HC/OS 218/2017; Plaintiff’s closing submissions (“PCS”) at pp 17
and 22.

(a) $35,000 as damages for the deprivation of his rights and privileges as an
ordinary member of SRC (including the loss of use of SRC’s facilities); and

(b) $45,000 as damages for the humiliation, embarrassment, anguish and mental
distress caused by the wrongful suspension.

20 Mr Shepherdson relied heavily on the decision of AR Teo Guan Siew in Kay
Swee Pin v Singapore Island Country Club [2008] SGHC 143 (“Kay Swee Pin”),
which to the best of my knowledge is the only reported decision in Singapore
on the damages payable to a member as a result of the invalid suspension of a
club membership. In Kay Swee Pin, AR Teo awarded the plaintiff $32,000 as
damages for the deprivation of her membership rights and privileges, and
$40,000 as damages for mental distress (at [103]).

21 SRC disputed both claims. With respect to the deprivation of membership
rights and privileges, SRC accepted that Mr Shepherdson was entitled to
damages but contended that he should only be awarded a sum of $2,496.66. SRC
submitted that damages should be pegged against the pro-rated value of a one-
year term membership at SRC (since the period of suspension was 10 months and
20 days), with an uplift to take into account the right to vote and the right
to hold office accorded to ordinary membership. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendant’s closing submissions (“DCS”) at paras 6-7.

22 As for the second claim, SRC contended that no damages should be awarded
for mental distress. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defendant’s reply submissions (“DRS”) at para 19.

SRC submitted that:

(a) Insofar as mental distress damages are claimed on the authority of Kay
Swee Pin, that decision was wrongly decided. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DCS at paras 17-59.

(b) In any event, Mr Shepherdson’s alleged mental distress was not caused by
his suspension, but was instead occasioned by the altercation at the 2016 AGM
and the filing of three written complaints against him. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ibid at paras 60-68.

(c) Even if damages for mental distress were claimable, Mr Shepherdson should
be awarded only nominal damages, as the severity of the mental distress
suffered was mild and limited. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Ibid at paras 78-82.

Plaintiff’s Witnesses

23 A total of seven witnesses were called to give evidence. The witnesses who
gave evidence on behalf of Mr Shepherdson were:

(a) Mr Shepherdson, who gave evidence on how he has been an active member of
SRC since 1996, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Shepherdson’s AEIC at para 5.

participating in both club activities as well as the management of SRC. He was
a member of various sections at SRC, including the toastmasters club, golf,
balut, and dance sport. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Ibid at para 10.

Mr Shepherdson also spoke of his contributions to SRC, which included a two-
year stint as Vice-President of the MC (from 2002 to 2004) and an eight-year
stint as the Games Control Board (“GCB”) Chairman from 2006 to 2014. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ibid at paras 10-11.

Mr Shepherdson felt that the complaints against him were designed to set him
up, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Ibid at para 24.

and he cancelled the spousal membership for his wife on or around 26 May 2016,
even before the CC had been appointed. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Exhibit D-9; Notes of Evidence (4 October 2018) (“NE2”), p 30, line 5 to p 31,
line 31.

Mr Shepherdson also testified of the humiliation, embarrassment, and mental
distress caused to him by his suspension.

(b) Dr Goh Kok Guan (“Dr Goh”), a former president of the MC of SRC for 22
years, gave evidence on Mr Shepherdson’s contributions as the GCB Chairman,
and how Mr Shepherdson felt disappointed, angry and humiliated by the MC’s
decision to uphold the suspension and the fine recommended by the DC.

(c) Ms De Roza Adelene Margaretta (“Ms Adelene”), Mr Shepherdson’s wife,
deposed as to how the MC’s decision affected Mr Shepherdson’s behaviour,
causing him to be moodier, withdrawn, and restless at home. I should highlight
that the parties agreed to dispense with the cross-examination of Ms Adelene.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Notes of Evidence (3 October 2018) (“NE1”), p 5, lines 23-32.

(d) Mr Dayal Odhermal Khemlani (“Mr Khemlani”) and Mr Abdul Rashid s/o Mohamed
Ali (“Mr Rashid”), two people whom Mr Shepherdson confided in, also gave
evidence of the mental distress caused to Mr Shepherdson by his suspension.

Defendant’s Witnesses

24 The witnesses called by SRC were:

(a) Mr Shareef Bin Abdul Jaffar (“Mr Shareef”), the current general manager of
SRC, gave evidence on the value of, and the rights associated with, the
different membership tiers at SRC.

(b) Mr Chua Poh Teck (“Mr Ronnie Chua”), the current Vice-President of the MC
of SRC, gave evidence on a complaint made by Mr Shepherdson against the late
Mr Shawn Chua in 2012. Mr Shepherdson’s complaint led to the alleged wrongful
suspension of Mr Shawn Chua from SRC for a period of three months. The purpose
of Mr Ronnie Chua’s testimony was to show that Mr Shawn Chua was “very
magnanimous” as he had “never asked for anything much” after his suspension,
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE2, p 64, lines 2-4.

and that “[all members] should be magnanimous”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Ibid, p 77, lines 2-10

I will not discuss Mr Ronnie Chua’s evidence in my decision, as it did not
seem to me to be relevant since there was never any finding that Mr Shawn Chua
had been wrongfully suspended by SRC.

(c) Dr Calvin Fones Soon Leng (“Dr Fones”), a psychiatrist who examined Mr
Shepherdson on 11 June 2018, testified that Mr Shepherdson suffered from a
psychiatric disorder known as an adjustment disorder as a result of his
suspension from SRC.

Issues

25 Broadly, two main issues arise for consideration. They are:

(a) the appropriate quantum of damages for deprivation of membership rights
and privileges; and

(b) whether Mr Shepherdson can claim damages for mental distress, and if so,
the appropriate quantum.

26 As there is scant authority on the topic of damages for wrongful suspension
of club membership in recreational clubs like SRC, I will first consider the
law before delving into the issues at hand.

The Law

General

27 When the court sets aside a member’s suspension from the club based on a
breach of the rules of natural justice, the damages awarded to the member are
contractual in nature. In the words of AR Teo in Kay Swee Pin (at [33]):

[The member’s] claim properly understood is one in breach of contract, ie that
the [club] had wrongfully suspended her membership in breach of the terms of
the contract found in the constitution and rules of the club. There is a
“judicial review” of the [club’s decision] to the extent of questioning
whether it is in line with the rules of natural justice for the purpose of
determining if there had been a breach of the contract, such natural justice
rules being either expressly or … impliedly provided for under the contract in
the form of the [club’s] constitution… Properly conceived, the claim for
damages hence arises from a contractual breach, and it is therefore to the
contractual principles of damages that recourse should be had in assessing the
quantum of the damages that is payable in this case.

[emphasis added in italics]

28 Kay Swee Pin and the Court of Appeal decision in Sim Yong Teng and another
v Singapore Swimming Club [2016] 2 SLR 489 (“Sim Yong Teng”) have recognised
two types of general damages that can be recovered (subject to proof) for the
wrongful suspension of a club membership. The first is damages for deprivation
of the member’s rights and privileges, while the second type is damages for
mental distress.

29 The chief challenge for the court when assessing damages in such cases lies
in difficulties of proof. It is often impossible for the member to prove, with
complete certainty, the exact amount of damage that he or she has suffered, as
precise evidence on the quantum of loss does not exist. The law, however, does
not demand that an innocent party prove with complete certainty the exact
amount of damage he has suffered (see Robertson Quay Investments Pte Ltd v
Steen Consultants Pte Ltd [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 at [28]). In cases where precise
evidence cannot be obtained, the court will assess damages as best as it can,
based on the available evidence (see Kay Swee Pin at [52]–[53]).

Deprivation of Membership Rights and Privileges

30 Damages for deprivation of membership rights and privileges seek to
compensate the member for a loss of membership during the period of
suspension. The loss suffered is pecuniary for two reasons. First, the member
– who has paid the membership fee for the club – did not get what he paid for,
for he was wrongfully deprived of access to, and use of, the club, and is
unable to exercise his membership rights such as the right to attend and vote
at annual general meetings (see Kay Swee Pin at [49], [54], [55] and [76]).
Secondly, where the membership is transferrable and is of financial value, the
loss of membership during the period of suspension constitutes a direct
pecuniary loss (see Kay Swee Pin at [50]).

31 A flexible approach is warranted when it comes to an assessment of damages
for the deprivation of membership rights and privileges (see Kay Swee Pin at
[54]). Where membership fees are payable each year on the basis of a fixed
annual fee, the quantification of damages should take reference from that. On
the other hand, where membership fees are payable upfront as a lump sum for a
life term, a broad-brush approach should be adopted.

32 A broad-brush approach was applied in Kay Swee Pin, which involved the
wrongful suspension of a member from the Singapore Island Country Club
(“SICC”). The issue confronting the court was the amount of damages payable
for the deprivation of membership rights for one year. The member had
purchased lifetime membership at SICC for $190,000 in 1992 but at the
assessment of damages hearing, the court heard evidence that a lifetime
membership at SICC was then valued between $200,000 and $250,000. There was
also evidence that a term membership for one year cost $24,000, but a term
member (unlike a life member) has no right to vote at the annual general
meeting nor is he able to hold office or be co-opted to serve in committees of
the SICC.

33 AR Teo, after applying a one-third uplift to the price of term membership
to reflect the value of the additional rights enjoyed by life members (such as
the right to vote), and also having regard to the costs of a lifetime
membership, awarded $32,000 to the member as damages for the deprivation of
membership rights and privileges. AR Teo recognised that such an approach was
far from scientific, but held that it was the best the assessing court could
do to achieve a just result. At [57], AR Teo explained his decision thus:

Having regard to how much a lifetime SICC membership costs, and applying a
suitable premium to the price of a term membership to reflect the value of
rights such as the right to vote, I award $32,000 as damages to [the member]
for the deprivation of her membership rights and loss of use of facilities for
the one year period of suspension. In reaching this conclusion, I readily
concede that a broad-based approach has been adopted and the process of
assessment is far from a scientific inquiry to any degree. Nevertheless, the
assessing court must do its best within the practical limits to make a fair
award and achieve as just a result as the law is capable of producing.

[emphasis added in italics]

Mental Distress

34 The second type of damages is non-pecuniary in nature and is what I would
term broadly as mental distress damages. Mental distress damages are meant to
compensate the innocent party for intangible mental harm or undesirable
sensory experiences such as feelings of disappointment, distress, frustration,
anxiety, humiliation and embarrassment that are caused by the breach of
contract (see Kay Swee Pin at [63]).

35 Mental distress damages are recoverable in situations where the object of
the contract is to provide pleasure, relaxation, peace of mind or freedom from
distress (see Kay Swee Pin at [69], Sim Yong Teng at [102], PH Hydraulics &
Engineering Pte Ltd v Airtrust (Hong Kong) Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 129 at [83]). It
is clear that a contract for membership with a recreational club comes within
the class of contracts whose object is to provide pleasure, relaxation, peace
of mind or freedom from distress (see Kay Swee Pin at [74] and Sim Yong Teng
at [102]). Mental distress damages are awarded as the member does not receive
the promised peace of mind or freedom from distress, and may be subjected
instead to opposite feelings of distress and the worsening of the mental
condition (see Kay Swee Pin at [76]). Without mental distress damages, the
member is not fully compensated because he is not put into as good a position
as he would have been if the contract had been performed (see Andrew S.
Burrows, “Mental Distress Damages in Contract – a Decade of Change” [1984]
LMCLQ 119 (“Burrows”) at 133).

36 The case law does not disclose any clear approach on how the assessing
court ought to undertake the exercise of quantifying damages for mental
distress. This is not altogether surprising given that the award of mental
distress damages for wrongful suspension of club membership is relatively
uncommon. In approaching this exercise, I am mindful that the quantification
of damages for intangible mental harm or undesirable sensory experiences is an
exercise fraught with difficulty, as it involves the ascription of a monetary
value to matters which do not lend themselves easily to pecuniary expression
(see Kay Swee Pin at [88] and Hazwani bte Amin v Chia Heok Meng [2018] SGHCR 2
at [9]). Nevertheless, if the aim is that justice meted out to all litigants
should be even-handed, there ought to be both internal consistency in the
award of mental distress damages in cases involving the wrongful suspension of
club memberships, as well as external consistency with the levels of damages
awarded in other fields (see Michael G. Bridge, “Contractual Damages for
Intangible Loss: A Comparative Analysis” (1984) 62 Canadian Bar Review 323 at
368 and Milner and another v Carnival plc (trading as Cunard) [2010] EWCA Civ
389 (“Milner”) at [38]).

37 I will set out below what I think ought to be the approach of the assessing
court in quantifying the mental distress damages in cases involving wrongful
suspension of club memberships. Before going there, however, I will consider
the past cases on this issue.

Past Cases

38 An early decision involving the award of mental distress damages for the
wrongful suspension of a club membership is the Malaysian decision of Florence
Bailes v Dr Ng Jit Leong [1985] 1 MLJ 374 (“Florence Bailes”). The plaintiff
in Florence Bailes was a lady associate of the Penang Club by virtue of her
husband being an ordinary member of the same (see 375). As a lady associate,
the plaintiff was entitled to the full privileges of ordinary membership, but
had to pay a monthly subscription fee of RM2 (at 375 and 381). The club
committee suspended the plaintiff for a period of three months owing to an
incident where the plaintiff allegedly made derogatory remarks about another
lady associate in the presence of several other persons in the games room (at
375-376). Dissatisfied, she challenged the decision of the club committee by
way of an application for judicial review. Ajaib Singh J found that the club’s
committee had wrongfully suspended the plaintiff in breach of the rules of
natural justice, and nullified the plaintiff’s suspension from the club (at
378-381). Singh J also awarded RM10,000 in damages for the embarrassment,
distress and humiliation which the plaintiff suffered as a result of the
wrongful suspension. Singh J did not explain how he arrived at the figure of
RM10,000 and his reasoning was simply as follows (at 381):

[The plaintiff] has been a lady associate for about 14 years. Before her
suspension she went to the club almost every day and her social life revolved
around the club. She is still a lady associate but she said in evidence in
court that after her suspension she did not go back to the club because she
felt embarrassed, anguished and upset. She now goes to other clubs. She also
said that she left for Europe soon after the suspension as there was nothing
for her here and her telephone kept ringing from her friends who wanted to
know why and what happened to her at the club.

For the embarrassment, distress and humiliation which [the plaintiff] has
suffered as a result of the wrongful suspension, I award her damages in the
sum of $10,000 and costs.

39 The only other decision that considered the issue of the appropriate
quantum of mental distress damages for wrongful suspension of club membership
is Kay Swee Pin. After considering the materials and arguments before him, AR
Teo awarded $40,000 as mental distress damages. AR Teo, who stated that he did
not receive much assistance from the parties on the issue of the quantum of
damages (at [89] and [92]), appeared to have taken the following into account
in arriving at the figure of $40,000:

(a) the plaintiff in Florence Bailes was awarded RM10,000 in 1984 for a
3-month suspension, which suggested that the plaintiff in Kay Swee Pin should
be awarded a considerably higher amount for her 12-month suspension (at [90]);

(b) the plaintiff in Kay Swee Pin suffered a significant degree of humiliation
and embarrassment caused by: (i) the serious charge levied against her, which
implied dishonesty on her part, (ii) the fact that she was not given an
opportunity to speak and had no chance to rebut the allegations of the
complainant, (iii) the notices of her suspension being left at the premises of
the club for the entire one-year period of the suspension, and (iv) the
content of the notices, which put across to the other members of the club that
the plaintiff had lied and cheated the club simply to save some green fees for
her husband (at [87]); and

(c) the approach of the English cases on the award of mental distress damages
is one of judicial conservatism (at [91]).

The Suggested Approach

40 In my view, a three-step framework ought to be adopted when deciding the
quantum of mental distress damages.

41 Step 1: The first step is to identify the type of mental distress involved.
I agree with the views of Professor Andrew Burrows that a distinction must be
drawn between two basic categories of mental distress. First, there is mental
distress in the sense of disappointment or frustration at not receiving an
expected mental benefit; second, there is mental distress in the sense of an
“injury” to a person’s mental condition (see Burrows at 122-123). The injury
to one’s mental condition can arise from worry, stress, and embarrassment, and
also manifest in more serious forms, such as the development of a recognised
psychiatric condition. The assessing court should be astute as to whether the
member is claiming damages for one or both types of mental distress.

42 Step 2: The second step is to assess the severity of the mental distress
that had been caused. This is a question of fact and degree in each case:
Milner at [35]. In assessing the severity of the mental distress, the Court
can take into account, inter alia, the following non-exhaustive factors:

(a) the length of the suspension (see Kay Swee Pin at [90]);

(b) the extent of the member’s involvement in the club prior to suspension
(see Florence Bailes at 381);

(c) the nature of the complaint against the member, including whether the
complaint imputed dishonesty on the member’s part (see Kay Swee Pin at [87]);

(d) whether the suspension was publicised, and whether the other members of
the club knew of the suspension (see Kay Swee Pin at [87] and Florence Bailes
at 381);

(e) whether the member suffered injury to his mental condition as a result of
the suspension – in this connection, I find the guidance in the chapter on
psychiatric conditions in the Guidelines for the Assessment of General Damages
in Personal Injury Cases (Academy Publishing, 2010) (“Guidelines for the
Assessment of General Damages”) helpful in assessing whether the injury
suffered is minor or severe (see, in particular, the guidance for general
psychiatric disorders and post-traumatic stress disorder at 25-28).

43 Mental distress cases can be placed on a spectrum. Cases involving feelings
of disappointment or frustration at not receiving an expected mental benefit
will arguably fall within the lower end of the spectrum, because such feelings
are transitory and would tend to resolve over time. Cases involving injuries
to the member’s mental condition of a serious and long-lasting nature, such as
psychiatric injuries that are likely to persist in the long term even with
medical treatment, will fall within the more serious end of the spectrum.

44 Step 3: After assessing the severity of the mental distress caused, the
third step is to quantify the award, having regard to awards made in
comparable cases. The court should first have regard to awards where a member
was awarded mental distress damages for wrongful suspensions of club
membership. However, the search for comparable cases must also extend to other
fields of law where damages are awarded for intangible mental harm or
undesirable sensory experiences, and in this regard, the obvious comparison
would be awards in personal injury cases where psychiatric injury has been
suffered (see Milner at [38]).

45 At the end of the day, it should be borne in mind that the courts have
approached the quantifying of damages for mental distress in contract law
conservatively (see Kay Swee Pin at [91]). As Lord Steyn observed in Farley v
Skinner [2001] 4 All ER 801 at [28]:

… I have to say that the size of the award [of £10,000] appears to be at the
very top of what could possibly be regarded as appropriate damages… I consider
that awards in this area should be restrained and modest. It is important that
logical and beneficial developments in this corner of the law should not
contribute to the creation of society bent on litigation.

[Emphasis added in italics]

46 With the above principles in mind, I now consider the first issue on the
appropriate quantum of damages for deprivation of membership rights and
privileges.

Issue 1 – Damages for Deprivation of Membership Rights and Privileges

47 As a result of the MC’s decision, Mr Shepherdson’s membership at SRC was
suspended for a total of 10 months and 20 days. There is no dispute that Mr
Shepherdson was deprived of all rights and privileges as a member during the
period of suspension, and could not make use of SRC’s facilities during that
time.

48 In my view, the following matters are relevant in the assessment of damages
for deprivation of membership rights and privileges.

(a) Mr Shepherdson purchased his ordinary membership at SRC in 1996 for
$49,500. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Shepherdson’s AEIC at para 5.

Mr Shepherdson’s ordinary membership would last his lifetime, and could be
transferred or sold to another person. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Shareef’s AEIC at para 27.

The costs of ordinary membership has since gone down, and the present market
value ranges from $4,500.00 to $5,260.65. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Ibid at paras 28-29, and pp 40-45.

(b) A one-year non-transferrable term membership costs $2,140.00. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Ibid at para 30, and pp 52-54.

It is not possible to buy a term membership for any period less than one year.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE2, p 47, lines 1 to 5.

(c) The difference between a term member and an ordinary member is that a term
member is not entitled to vote at annual general meetings or hold office at
SRC. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Shareef’s AEIC at para 30.

(d) During the period of suspension, Mr Shepherdson continued to pay a monthly
subscription fee of $69.55. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Shepherdson’s AEIC at paras 46-47.

49 Since Mr Shepherdson’s membership fee was paid upfront in a lump sum, a
broad brush approach is warranted to quantify the damages for deprivation of
membership rights and privileges (see paras [31]–[33] above). Bearing in mind
the matters stated in the preceding paragraph, I find it appropriate to award
damages by (a) applying a one-third uplift to the price of a one-year term
membership (ie, $2,140) to take into account the right to vote and the right
to hold office and (b) adding the monthly subscription fee of $69.55 which Mr
Shepherdson had to pay during the period of suspension even though he could
not make use of SRC’s facilities. Accordingly, I award Mr Shepherdson damages
of $3,600 for the deprivation of his membership rights and privileges.

50 For completeness, I do not accept Mr Shepherdson’s position that he should
be awarded $35,000 in damages for this head of claim. Mr Shepherdson’s
arguments in support are that: (a) SRC is a second home to Mr Shepherdson and
his wife, and they valued the club and its facilities, and (b) the low value
of SRC’s membership is attributable to the poor management of SRC. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PCS at pp 17-18; Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 2.

I do not accept these contentions for the following reasons.

(a) First, this head of damages is meant to compensate Mr Shepherdson for the
pecuniary loss he suffered as a result of the loss of his membership. There is
no evidence which supports the argument that the financial value of this loss
of membership is $35,000. To put things into perspective, the $35,000 claimed
is around two-thirds of the price Mr Shepherdson paid in 1996 for his lifetime
ordinary membership.

(b) Second, I am unable to place any weight on Mr Shepherdson’s allegation
that the membership fees at SRC are low due to the MC embroiling the club in
numerous legal disputes. For a start, there is insufficient evidence before me
to justify such a conclusion. But more importantly, this contention is
irrelevant. Mr Shepherdson does not dispute the evidence on the present value
of the membership at SRC, which is the basis on which to assess his pecuniary
loss. Even if it were true that the value of membership is low due to poor
management, Mr Shepherdson’s recourse (if any) lies elsewhere, and does not
lie in increased damages for his claim.

Issue 2 – Damages for Mental Distress

51 I now consider whether Mr Shepherdson can claim mental distress damages,
and if so, the appropriate quantum to be awarded for this head of loss.

52 On the authority of Kay Swee Pin, it is clear that mental distress damages
are recoverable here. A contract for membership at SRC comes within the class
of contracts whose object is to provide pleasure, relaxation, peace of mind or
freedom from distress to the member (see para [35] above). SRC breached the
contract of membership by failing to observing the rules of natural justice in
its decision to fine and suspend Mr Shepherdson from the club (see para [27]
above), and so Mr Shepherdson is entitled to damages – including mental
distress damages – consequent upon this breach of contract.

53 In response, SRC raised two objections, namely, (a) the authority of Kay
Swee Pin was wrongly decided, and (b) the mental distress suffered by Mr
Shepherdson was not caused by his invalid suspension. I will deal with each
objection in turn.

Correctness of Kay Swee Pin

54 SRC submits that Kay Swee Pin was wrongly decided for two reasons. First,
there was no authority cited in Kay Swee Pin to permit the recovery of mental
distress damages in cases involving recreational clubs. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DCS at paras 48-49.

Second, the claim for damages for anguish, humiliation and embarrassment are
claims for reputational loss, and the court in Kay Swee Pin erred by
conflating such claims with a claim for mental distress. I am not persuaded by
either argument.

(a) The fact that there was no authority prior to Kay Swee Pin permitting the
recovery of mental distress damages in cases involving recreational clubs is
irrelevant. In my respectful view, the correctness of the principle
established by Kay Swee Pin – that mental distress damages can be recovered
for wrongful suspension of club membership – is beyond peradventure. In Sim
Yong Teng, which concerned a member’s wrongful suspension from a recreational
club (ie, Singapore Swimming Club), the Court of Appeal endorsed AR Teo’s
analysis of the law and his holding that mental distress damages are
recoverable for wrongful suspension of club membership as follows (at
[102]-[103]):

102 … In [Kay Swee Pin], which also involved the wrongful suspension of club
membership, the assistant registrar provided an admirable analysis of the
applicable principles of law in holding that Madam Kay was entitled to (a)
damages for deprivation of her rights, and privileges as a member (including
the loss of use of the facilities of the Singapore Island Country Club); (b)
damages for the humiliation, embarrassment, anguish and mental distress caused
by the wrongful suspension; but not (c) aggravated, exemplary and punitive
damages. We endorse his analysis of the law.

103 We accordingly hold that the appellants are entitled only to general
damages, if any, relating to the temporary loss of membership rights and
privileges and mental distress, and direct that such damages be assessed by
the Registrar or any assistant registrar.

[Emphasis added in italics]

(b) As for the contention that Kay Swee Pin conflated claims for reputational
loss with a claim for mental distress, this is a non-starter. AR Teo was
cognisant of the conceptual distinction between damages for reputational loss
and damages for mental distress, and, in my view, correctly found that
anguish, humiliation and embarrassment are facets of emotional and mental
suffering that properly fall within the province of mental distress damages
(see Kay Swee Pin at [58] and [60], and see also The Law of Contract in
Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) at ch
21, p1535, footnote 288).

Causation

55 SRC’s next objection is that Mr Shepherdson’s mental distress was not
caused by his wrongful suspension, but instead by the altercation at the 2016
AGM and the filing of written complaints by three members of SRC. In this
regard, SRC referred to disparate pieces of evidence from Mr Shepherdson, Dr
Fones, Mr Khemlani and Ms Adelene on the disappointment and embarrassment felt
by Mr Shepherdson after the said events. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DCS at paras 60-68.

56 The key question here is whether Mr Shepherdson suffered mental distress
because of the bias against him during the disciplinary process, or because of
the brief altercation and the fact of the three complaint letters having been
sent. The clear purport of Mr Shepherdson’s evidence was that the mental
distress suffered arose out of the flawed disciplinary process that culminated
in his suspension. Mr Shepherdson was unhappy and aggrieved with how badly he
had been treated during the disciplinary process, and the process also had
collateral consequences in the form of distress at how he was subsequently
perceived by others. The following excerpts from Mr Shepherdson’s testimony
are pertinent: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Shepherdson’s AEIC at paras 28, 39, 41, and 44.

28\. I was disappointed and angry at the developments… I was now being made to
go through a disciplinary process which I started to feel was biased. I felt
that I did not do anything wrong at the AGM. All I was trying to do was to ask
for the voting booth to be opened, and I left it at that when Dr Singh was not
prepared to listened...

…

39\. I was extremely disappointed to note that the MC appeared not to have
paid any heed to my appeal letter and upheld the suspension and fine
sanctions…

….

41\. … I felt very down. I felt a loss of face and embarrassment, that people
would think I did something wrong and was a trouble maker. I did not think I
had done anything wrong. My friends did not think I had done anything wrong. 3
witnesses came forward at the DC hearing to say that the events happened were
quite normal. Yet the CC, DC and MC members did not think so, and I felt that
they were biased. I kept replaying the events in my mind. This stirred up
emotions ranging from sadness, disappointment, anger and frustration. I became
quiet and withdrawn, and avoided going out except with good friends and well-
wishers…

…

44\. ... It appeared that there was blatant disregard of due process … My mind
was in turmoil with much thoughts, stress and anxiety, in addition to anger
and frustration of having to wait for justice to be delivered.

[Emphasis added in italics]

57 The test to determine the issue of causation in fact in contract cases is
the ‘but for’ test (see Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 782 at [63]). It is clear that but for SRC’s breach (that is,
by failing to observe the rules of natural justice), Mr Shepherdson would not
have suffered mental distress. Accordingly, I find that causation is
established.

Quantum of Mental Distress Damages

58 I now deal with the quantification of the mental distress damages in this
case, applying the three-step framework outlined at paragraphs [41]–[45]
above.

Step 1: Type of Mental Distress Claimed

59 Mr Shepherdson is claiming damages for two types of mental distress. First,
Mr Shepherdson suffered mental distress in the form of disappointment and
frustration at not receiving the expected mental benefit of pleasure,
relaxation and peace of mind from the club membership. In addition, Mr
Shepherdson also suffered mental distress in the form of an injury to his
mental condition. Mr Shepherdson felt humiliated, embarrassed, aggrieved and
distressed by his suspension from SRC (see para [56] above). He also felt
emotionally down and upset, and had difficulties sleeping. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Calvin Fones Soon Leng dated 17 September
2018 (“Dr Fones’ AEIC”) at p 15; Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of De Roza
Adelene Margaretta dated 12 September 2018 (“Adelene’s AEIC”) at paras 17-18.

He became quiet and withdrawn, and avoided going out except with good friends
(see para [56] above). Further, Dr Fones diagnosed Mr Shepherdson as having
suffered from adjustment disorder from 15 December 2016 to 3 November 2017 as
a result of his suspension. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Dr Fones’ AEIC at pp 15-17.

Step 2: Severity of the Mental Distress

60 In assessing the severity of the mental distress suffered, regard should be
had to the following factors.

61 First, SRC occupied a significant part of Mr Shepherdson’s life prior to
his suspension. Since retiring from work in 2006, Mr Shepherdson spent much
time in SRC with his wife and the friends they have made over the years
participating in club activities, and unwinding over food and music at the
Barker Lounge. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Shepherdson’s AEIC at paras 11, 13 and 15.

Aside from participating in club activities, Mr Shepherdson was active in the
management of the club, having served as the Vice-President of the MC for 2
years, and the GCB Chairman for 8 years (see para [23(a)] above). As a
retiree, the activities and leadership roles he assumed at SRC were a big part
of his social life. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Dr Fones’ AEIC at p 24.

The suspension undoubtedly affected him significantly.

62 Second, the punishment meted to Mr Shepherdson (ie, the fine of $1,000 and
the 12-month suspension) was severe, being the maximum sanction for each
category. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Shepherdson’s AEIC at para 39.

Mr Shepherdson also felt aggrieved that he was sanctioned over speaking out on
a point of order at the 2016 AGM, when no other member has been disciplined in
recent memory for similar or more egregious conduct at an annual general
meeting. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE1, p 25, lines 20-28; NE1 p 70, lines 10-16

Dr Goh, a former president of the MC of SRC for 22 years, gave evidence that
it was usual for the annual general meetings to be rowdy affairs. There were
no disciplinary proceedings – much less one involving the fining and
suspension of a member – on account of an altercation at an annual general
meeting during Dr Goh’s time as president of the MC. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE1, p 99 line 19 to p 100, line2; NE1, p 102, lines 18-24; NE1, p 118, lines
3-19.

63 Third, Mr Shepherdson was disappointed as he felt that he contributed much
to SRC, and spent his “10 best years bringing the club to a lot of glory”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE1, p 25, lines 27-28.

During his stint as the GCB Chairman, he raised the profile of the sports
sections at SRC. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Shepherdson’s AEIC at para 11.

Mr Shepherdson, who is also a life member at the Eurasian Association, managed
to forge stronger ties between SRC and the Eurasian Association. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Ibid at para 14.

Dr Goh testified that Mr Shepherdson’s contributions to SRC were recognised
when he was awarded the Singapore Sporting Inspiration Award by the Singapore
Sports Council. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Goh Kok Guan dated 12 September 2018 (“Dr
Goh’s AEIC”) at paras 10-13.

64 Fourth, the humiliation experienced by Mr Shepherdson was of a public
nature. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Dr Fones’ AEIC at p 18; Notes of Evidence (5 October 2018) (“NE3”), p 9, lines
11-19.

The altercation between Mr Shepherdson and Dr Singh occurred before the 923
members of SRC who attended the 2016 AGM. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Exhibit D-3.

The altercation culminated in SRC’s decision to suspend Mr Shepherdson from
the club. Although Mr Shepherdson’s suspension was not publicised, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Shareef’s AEIC at para 23.

I accept Mr Shepherdson’s testimony that the news of his suspension had spread
to other members of SRC. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE1, p 23, lines 21-32

This is corroborated by (a) Dr Goh’s testimony that the news on Mr
Shepherdson’s suspension had spread by word-of-mouth to many of his friends at
SRC 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Dr Goh’s AEIC at para 21.

and (b) Mr Shareef’s concession during cross-examination that news of a
suspension can spread very quickly amongst the members of SRC by word-of-
mouth. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE2, p 35, lines 5-8

Mr Shepherdson also sensed that the news of his suspension had spread to the
members at the Eurasian Association due to the overlap in membership at both
places. He noticed that members at the Eurasian Association were avoiding him,
and he stopped going to the Eurasian Association after a while as he no longer
felt comfortable there. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Shepherdson’s AEIC at para 42; NE1, p 51, lines 10-20

65 Fifth, the clear evidence is that Mr Shepherdson’s behaviour was affected
by the suspension from SRC. Mr Khemlani described Mr Shepherdson as a changed
person who had lost his usual cheerfulness and who could not stop talking
about how he was treated unfairly in this episode. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Dayal Odhermal Khemlani dated 12 September
2018 at para 19; NE1, p 79, lines 7-10

Mr Shepherdson’s wife, Ms Adelene, deposed as to how the MC’s decision caused
him to be moodier and more withdrawn. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Adelene’s AEIC at para 18.

Mr Shepherdson became restless at home, and he reduced his visits to his
children and grandchildren. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Ibid at para 20.

Mr Shepherdson’s behaviour largely returned to normal after this matter was
decided in his favour. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Ibid at para 21.

He now goes to SRC about once a week to meet with friends, although he has yet
to return to any of the activities he used to enjoy. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Dr Fones’ AEIC at p 18.

66 Finally, Mr Shepherdson suffered from an adjustment disorder as a result of
the suspension. An adjustment disorder, as Dr Fones explained in his affidavit
of evidence-in-chief, is the development of “emotional or behavioural symptoms
in response to an identifiable stressor [that] are out of proportion to the
intensity of the stressor”, thereby “leading to significant impairment in
social, occupational and other important areas of functioning”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Ibid at p16.

Dr Fones described the adjustment disorder in Mr Shepherdson’s case to be a
process rather than an event: 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE3, p 7, lines 13-20.

Sometimes the effects of some of these stress … will come on later. For
example, the effects of --- in this case, we are talking about embarrassment
and humiliation … it’s a process rather than an event. So indeed, as he goes
through, he’s trying to adjust to a different, I suppose, lifestyle because of
his suspension, the people that he meets, how they … react to him. Indeed, how
much it is etched into his memory as well the impression of others, I will say
that there are some aspects … that may surface subsequent and later.

67 According to Dr Fones, Mr Shepherdson’s adjustment disorder has resolved
without the need for psychiatric treatment, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Dr Fones’ AEIC at pp 16-17.

and he described Mr Shepherdson’s mental distress and emotional anguish to be
of a mild and limited severity. However, Dr Fones accepted in cross-
examination that he only examined Mr Shepherdson seven months after Woo J’s
decision in November 2017, and that Mr Shepherdson may have been more
distressed in the months leading up to Woo J’s decision. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE3, p 6 lines 22-28; NE3 p 7, line 4 to p8, line 11.

In my view, having considered all the evidence, Mr Shepherdson probably
suffered a psychiatric condition of a “moderate” severity as a result of his
suspension from SRC (see Guidelines for the Assessment of General Damages at
25-27).

68 Accordingly, taking into account the factors above, in particular (a) the
effect of the suspension on Mr Shepherdson’s behaviour, (b) the public nature
of Mr Shepherdson’s humiliation, (c) impact on Mr Shepherdson’s social life
for ten and a half months, (d) the adjustment disorder, and (e) that Mr
Shepherdson’s behaviour appeared to have largely returned to normal after Woo
J decided in his favour, I assess the mental distress suffered by Mr
Shepherdson to be of a moderate to moderately severe nature.

69 For completeness, I do not accept SRC’s contention that Mr Shepherdson
exaggerated his symptoms of mental distress. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE1, p 59, lines 2-4.

I found Mr Shepherdson to be a credible witness. Dr Fones was also of the
opinion that Mr Shepherdson was honest and forthcoming during the psychiatric
examination on 11 June 2018. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Dr Fones’ AEIC at p 19.

I also reject SRC’s attempt to downplay the effect of the suspension on Mr
Shepherdson by submitting that “suspensions are part and parcel of club
membership” and that “[t]here had been 9 different membership suspensions from
[SRC] since 24 August 2015”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DCS at para 82.

The fact that there had been other suspensions is irrelevant to the assessment
of the suffering caused by a wrongful one and its impact on that particular
member.

Step 3: Quantifying the Damages

70 I now address the quantification of damages. In terms of comparable cases,
the decision of Kay Swee Pin comes to mind. The $40,000 in damages awarded for
mental distress appeared to be motivated by the one-year period of suspension
and the significant degree of humiliation and embarrassment inflicted on the
plaintiff (see para [39] above). In comparison with the facts of Kay Swee Pin,
Mr Shepherdson’s suspension is slightly shorter in duration, and the degree of
humiliation and embarrassment suffered is arguably less pronounced because (a)
the charges against him did not contain imputations of dishonesty and (b) his
suspension was not publicised.

71 However, I decline to rely on Kay Swee Pin as a benchmark for mental
distress damages. Instead, I prefer to have regard to comparable awards for
general psychiatric conditions which are set out in the Guidelines for the
Assessment of General Damages for two reasons.

(a) First, the Guidelines for the Assessment of General Damages represent the
efforts of a team of authors distilling guidelines from a number of precedent
cases. In contrast, AR Teo in Kay Swee Pin admitted that he did not have any
precedents to rely on, and awarded damages “[b]ased on the rather limited
material and arguments on the quantum of damages” before him (see [89]-[92]).
Further, the Guidelines for the Assessment of General Damages was published in
2010, and AR Teo did not have the benefit of it when he decided Kay Swee Pin
in 2008.

(b) Second, the plaintiff in Kay Swee Pin did not suffer any psychiatric
injury of a serious nature or any long-term impairment to coping with the
activities of daily life. Accordingly, the mental distress damages awarded in
Kay Swee Pin is rather high when compared against the range of $25,000 to
$55,000 recommended for an individual who suffers a severe psychiatric
condition that affects his ability to return to employment permanently or even
take charge of his daily affairs (see Guidelines for the Assessment of General
Damages at 26).

72 Based on the Guidelines for the Assessment of General Damages, the range of
$3,000 to $8,000 is recommended for psychiatric conditions of a moderate
nature where the prognosis is good and the individual shows marked improvement
with treatment (at 27). As for psychiatric conditions of a moderately severe
nature where the person may have long-term problems coping with work life and
social life, the range of damages is $8,000 to $25,000 (see Guidelines for the
Assessment of General Damages at 26).

73 In this case, having assessed the mental distress suffered by Mr
Shepherdson to be of a moderate to moderately severe nature, the appropriate
range of damages should be $8,000 to $25,000. In my view, the higher end of
this range should be reserved for cases with long-term impairment, of which
there is none here. That being said, it does appear that Mr Shepherdson
suffered quite acutely for a while and developed a recognised psychiatric
condition that affected both his social and family life. Mr Shepherdson’s
behaviour has not returned fully to normal, and there is still some form of
continuing loss in the attenuation of the pleasure he gets from returning to
SRC (see para [65] above). In the circumstances, I find it appropriate to
award Mr Shepherdson $14,000 in damages.

Conclusion

74 For the foregoing reasons, I assess the amount of damages for the
deprivation of membership rights and privileges at $3,600, and the damages for
mental distress at $14,000. The total quantum of damages awarded to Mr
Shepherdson is $17,600.

75 I will hear parties on interest and costs.

Navin Anand  
Assistant Registrar

Ganesh Ramanathan (Karuppan Chettiar & Partners) for the Plaintiff;  
Ponnampalam Sivakumar and Tan Shi Yun Jolene (BR Law Corporation) for the
Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

