Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 25

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9001 of 2018/01

Between

| D Rashpal Singh Sidhu  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008
Rev Ed)]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
D Rashpal Singh Sidhu

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2019] SGHC 25

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9001 of 2018/01  
Aedit Abdullah J  
1 February 2019

7 February 2019

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 I have considered the parties’ submissions, the evidence and the judgment of
the learned District Judge.

2 The facts are sufficiently summarised in the grounds of decision (“GD”) in
PP v D Rashpal Singh Sidhu [2018] SGDC 91. The appellant had been found
unconscious at a void deck. He remained unconscious while being conveyed to Ng
Teng Fong General Hospital (“the Hospital”) and when the Staff Nurse found
exhibit DRSS-A1, a red straw containing drugs, near his crotch. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

GD at paras 29 and 31.

The District Judge agreed with the Prosecution that the location where the
straw was found meant that “it could only have come from the accused”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

GD at para 41.

The District Judge held that the Defence failed to prove “on a balance of
probabilities” that the straw could have come from the hospital blanket. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

GD at para 41.

She further held that the Defence’s suggestion that the straw had been caught
on the appellant’s clothing at an earlier stage was “incredible”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

GD at para 43.

Accordingly, she found that the appellant had actual possession of the straw
containing the drugs in question. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

GD at para 46.

She convicted him on an offence under s 8(a) and punishable under s 33(1) of
the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), and sentenced him to
43 months’ imprisonment.

Parties’ submissions

3 I appointed Ms Jo Tay Yu Xi (“Ms Tay”) as young amicus curiae to assist the
court on the issue of whether the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA
operates when a person was unconscious at the time when he had the controlled
drug(s) in his possession, and, if so, whether and how the presumption could
be rebutted in such a circumstance.

4 Ms Tay’s submissions were two-fold. She submitted that the operation of the
presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA first required the Prosecution to prove
beyond reasonable doubt that the accused had possession of the controlled
drug. This required proof of the accused’s physical control over the
controlled drug and knowledge of the existence of thing in question, ie, the
controlled drug itself: Sim Teck Ho v PP [2000] SGCA 44 at [13]. The fact that
the accused was unconscious at the time the controlled drug was found on him
did not preclude a finding that he had possession of it, as long as it was
proven that he had possessed the controlled drug when he was conscious and
that such possession continued throughout the time he was unconscious.

5 In such circumstances, the Prosecution could discharge its burden of proof
by reference to the circumstances in which the accused was found with the
controlled drug, or by reference to events that occurred before he lost
consciousness. Ms Tay relied on various Malaysian, Hong Kong, English and
Canadian authorities that dealt with analogous offence provisions to establish
the following propositions:

(a) Possession involves an element of mental consciousness: see Warner v
Metropolitan Police Commissioner [1969] 1969] 2 AC 256 at 299 and MacKenzie v
Skeen [1983] SLT 121.

(b) Where a person comes into possession of a thing, such possession is not
lost when the possessor loses consciousness or falls asleep: Public Prosecutor
v Tang Chew Weng [1969] 2 MLJ 17.

(c) Foreign courts have decided the question of whether the accused had the
requisite knowledge of the existence of the thing in question by reference to
the circumstances in which the accused was discovered or by reference to facts
that arose prior to such discovery or arrest. For instance, in Public
Prosecutor v Ho Shui Ngen [1995] 4 MLJ 758, the Malaysian High Court acquitted
the accused of a drug trafficking charge notwithstanding the fact that he had
been discovered asleep in a room that contained cannabis. The High Court noted
in particular that the door to the room where the cannabis was found had not
been closed, let alone locked. If the accused had been asleep for a long time,
someone else could have placed the cannabis in the room.

(d) The mens rea of possession does not require the requisite knowledge of the
existence of the controlled drug to be at the forefront of the accused
person’s mind. An analogy was drawn to cases where offenders were found to be
in possession of prohibited items despite having forgotten at the time that
they were in possession of those items: R v Martindale [1986] 1 WLR 1042.

6 In the second part of her submissions, Ms Tay argued that it was only after
possession had been proven (or presumed under s 18(1) of the MDA) that the
presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA came into operation. Under s 18(2) of the
MDA, the possessor of a controlled drug is presumed to have known the nature
of that drug. There was no reason why this presumption should not operate
where an accused person is unconscious when he is found to be in possession of
a drug. The danger that the drug was planted on him would have been dealt with
at the first stage of the inquiry, when the Prosecution had to prove that he
had the mens rea of possession despite his unconsciousness at the time the
drug was discovered on him. Where this threshold had been met, the accused’s
unconsciousness alone could not also be used to rebut the presumption under s
18(2) of the MDA.

7 Instead, such an accused person must rebut the presumption under s 18(2) of
the MDA on the balance of probabilities by relying on observable facts
preceding his state of unconsciousness, or by relying on the circumstances in
which he was found with the controlled drug. For instance, in Chee Chiew Heong
v Public Prosecutor [1981] 2 MLJ 287, the accused (“Chee”) was found asleep on
a train in possession of a parcel that was found to contain 1146.33g of heroin
and 81.03g of morphine. The presumption under s 37(d) of the Malaysian
Dangerous Drugs Ordinance 1952 operated such that Chee was deemed to be in
possession of and to know of the existence of the drugs. Chee successfully
rebutted the presumption by relying on a cautioned statement that constituted
evidence of what happened before she was found asleep on the train, to
convince the court that she genuinely believed that she was in possession of a
package of dried prawns which her friend had passed to her. Ms Tay noted that
it was because Chee did not dispute possession of the parcel in the first
place that she could run arguments to rebut the presumption. It would,
however, be difficult for an accused person to adduce evidence to rebut the
presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA if he were to also dispute possession by
running the defence that he was not aware of the presence of the drug on him:
Public Prosecutor v Sibeko Lindiwe Mary-Jane [2016] SGHC 199 at [76].

8 For completeness, Ms Tay set out general principles to guide the court’s
assessment of when the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA may be found to be
rebutted. She highlighted that this was a fact-sensitive analysis that turned
on the veracity and credibility of the accused’s evidence: Zainal bin Hamad v
Public Prosecutor [2018] 2 SLR 1119 at [23].

9 At the appeal, the Prosecution agreed with Ms Tay’s analysis as set out
above. The Prosecution limited its submissions to the facts that had been
established at trial. The Prosecution argued that the straw could not have
originated from the hospital bed, blanket or nurses, and that it was
incredible that the sharp edges of the straw could have been caught on the
appellant’s clothing without his knowledge and remained on his clothing until
the straw was found. The appellant was also not a credible witness and there
was nothing to substantiate his bare assertions that he had been framed. Given
that the straw had been found in an intimate place, ie, near the appellant’s
crotch area, these combined circumstances gave rise to the irresistible
inference that he had to have known that the straw was in his possession prior
to his being brought to the hospital.

My decision

10 In proving possession, it was for the Prosecution to discharge its burden
of proving beyond reasonable doubt that the appellant had both physical
control over the straw, as well as knowledge of its existence. It was not at
this point for the Defence to prove on the balance of probabilities that there
were alternative explanations that accounted for the presence of the straw at
the location where it was found.

11 I found that there was insufficient evidence, or no evidence, at trial to
show that the appellant had any knowledge of the existence of the straw before
or when it was discovered on his person. In discharging its burden of proof,
it was insufficient for the Prosecution to assert that there “was no other
reasonable way [the straw] could have appeared at the [appellant’s] crotch
area”, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 5.

without at least establishing the circumstances during or leading up to the
period when the appellant was unconscious. Without knowing these
circumstances, there was insufficient evidence to conclude that there was no
other reasonable explanation to account for the appearance of straw.

12 I should note that this case was quite different from cases where the
circumstances rule out any reasonable explanation for the appearance of the
drug on an offender, so as to remove any reasonable doubt that the offender
had not been in possession of the drug before he fell unconscious. This was
not a situation where an unconscious offender had been found in possession of
drugs in a locked room that only he had access to. The appellant had been
found unconscious in a void deck, where he had lain for an indeterminate
period of time and in unknown circumstances. No doubt, the drugs in this case
were found on a private area of the appellant’s body, but I could not in the
circumstances conclude that there was no other reasonable explanation for how
the drugs came to be there, and the burden remained for the Prosecution to
prove at least the element of possession before the presumption under s 18(2)
of the MDA came into play.

13 In terms of the submissions on law, I do accept that the presumption under
s 18(2) of the MDA could not operate against an unconscious person, unless it
was shown, at least, that that person had possession of the drug before he
fell unconscious. Going beyond that goes beyond the intention of the
legislative regime, and imposes an unwarranted burden on an accused person: it
is hard to envisage how a person who is unconscious the whole of the time
could be culpable legally or even morally.

14 Accordingly, I allow the appellant’s appeal against conviction, and acquit
him of the charge under s 8(a) and punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA. I
thank Ms Tay for her thorough and comprehensive submissions which greatly
assisted the deliberations of the court and look forward to having Ms Tay make
submissions before the court in future. I would also like to record my
appreciation to the Prosecution for the principled stance it has taken in this
appeal.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

The appellant in person;  
Muhamad Imaduddien and Sia Jiazheng (Attorney-General’s Chamber) for the
Prosecution;  
Jo Tay Yu Xi (Allen & Gledhill LLP) as young amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

