Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 84

Originating Summons No 935 of 2018

Between

(1)| Teo Lay Gek  
---|---  
(2)| Lok Kexin Melissa  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Hoang Trong Binh  
---|---  
(2)| Truong Quang Con  
(3)| IPMM (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Professions] — [Valuer] — [Judicial review of valuation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Teo Lay Gek and another

  

v

  

Hoang Trong Binh and others

[2019] SGHC 84

High Court — Originating Summons No 935 of 2018  
Tan Siong Thye J  
8 February 2019

27 March 2019

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 This case arose from a dispute in a settlement agreement between the
plaintiffs and the defendants dated 16 June 2017 (“the Settlement Agreement”)
regarding the valuation of the plaintiffs’ shares in Agape Holdings Pte Ltd
(“the Company”), a company incorporated in Singapore, that were sold to the
defendants. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents (“PBOD”), Tab 2, p 104.

The plaintiffs hold 19% shareholding in the Company 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

PBOD, Tab 2, p 3 para 4.

while the defendants hold the remainder of the shares. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PBOD, Tab 2, p 3 para 4.

Pursuant to cl 1.1 of the Settlement Agreement, the parties had agreed to
appoint an independent valuer to value and assess the fair market value of the
plaintiffs’ 19% shareholding in the Company. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PBOD, Tab 2, p 107.

The purpose of this valuation was for the defendants to purchase all of the
plaintiffs’ shares based on the fair market value (cl 1.5 of the Settlement
Agreement). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PBOD, Tab 2, p 107.

2 On 14 August 2017, the parties agreed to appoint Ernst & Young Solutions LLP
(“EY”) as the independent valuer of the Company’s shares. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PBOD, Tab 2, p 8 para 17.

EY’s valuation report dated 2 January 2018 (“the EY Report”) was sent to the
parties on 10 January 2018. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PBOD, Tab 2, p 17 para 28.

The EY Report assessed the fair market value of the plaintiffs’ shares to be
US$4,165,675 as at 31 December 2016 (“the Valuation Date”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PBOD, Tab 2, p 16 para 26.

For the payment of this “Settlement Sum”, the defendants were required to make
two instalment payments to the plaintiffs in April 2018 and June 2018
respectively (cl 1.6 of the Settlement Agreement). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PBOD, Tab 2, p 16 para 27.

3 The defendants did not make any payment to the plaintiffs. Accordingly, the
plaintiffs commenced Originating Summons No 935 of 2018 (“OS 935/2018”) which,
inter alia, sought the following orders:

(a) A declaration that the EY Report be final and binding upon the parties;
and

(b) An order that the defendants are jointly and severally liable to pay the
sum of US$4,165,675 (plus accrued interest) to the plaintiffs for the purchase
of the plaintiffs’ 19% shareholding in the Company, within 14 days of the
orders made.

4 In contrast, the defendants submitted that the EY Report was not final and
binding upon the parties. For these submissions the defendants postulated two
main grounds. Firstly, EY had exceeded the scope of its contractual mandate.
Secondly, the EY Report was marred by manifest errors. Therefore, the EY
Report was liable to be set aside.

5 On 8 February 2019, after hearing the parties’ arguments, I granted the
plaintiffs’ application in OS 935/2018. The defendants are dissatisfied with
my decision and filed a notice of appeal on 6 March 2019. I shall now give the
reasons for my decision.

Background

Events leading up to the Settlement Agreement

6 On 14 July 2016, the plaintiffs commenced an action against the defendants
for minority oppression in Suit No 754 of 2016 (“S 754/2016”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PBOD, Tab 2, p 4 para 8.

Subsequently, the parties attended a mediation session at the Singapore
Mediation Centre on 16 June 2017 and entered into the Settlement Agreement in
full and final settlement of all matters in S 754/2016. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PBOD, Tab 2, p 6 para 14.

The relevant clauses of the Settlement Agreement are reproduced for ease of
reference: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PBOD, Tab 2, p 107.

1\. Settlement Terms

1.1 The Parties have agreed, without admission of any liability, to jointly
appoint (i) Ernst & Young LLP, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or Deloitte & Touche
LLP, subject to conflict clearance and in that order of priority, or (ii) any
other valuer as the Parties may jointly agree in writing, as an independent
valuer (IV) to value and assess the fair market value of the Shares (Value).

1.2 The Parties agree that the IV shall assess the Value on a net tangible
assets (NTA) basis, incorporating the value of the shares of Agape Vietnam on
a NTA basis and taking into account the value of the real estate in the
Project, as at 31 December 2016 without any discount for minority
shareholding.

…

1.5 The Majority Shareholders shall purchase the Shares held by the Minority
Shareholders at a price of 19% of the Value (Settlement Sum).

[emphasis in original]

The Vietnam Project

7 At this juncture, it is necessary to provide further details of the Company
in order to better understand EY’s valuation exercise. The Company is a
holding company and owns 100% of the shares in Agape Vietnam Company Limited
(“Agape Vietnam”). Agape Vietnam was incorporated for the purpose of investing
in a waterfront city project in Vietnam (“the Vietnam Project”). Since the
Vietnam Project was critical to EY’s valuation exercise, EY appointed CBRE
(Vietnam) Co., Ltd (“CBRE”), a property valuer in Vietnam, to assess the
market value of the Vietnam Project. For the purposes of this dispute, one
significant fact is that under Vietnam laws, Agape Vietnam has an obligation
to set aside part of the residential land in the Vietnam Project to build
social houses. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PBOD, Tab 8, pp 13–14.

8 CBRE’s report was duly completed on 14 November 2017 (“the CBRE Report”) and
was included in the EY Report. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PBOD, Tab 7, pp 373–462.

The defendants’ arguments focused on the CBRE Report to allege that EY had
departed from its contractual mandate and that the EY Report contained
manifest errors.

Events subsequent to the EY Report

9 On 29 March 2018, after EY had completed its valuation, the defendants wrote
to EY as they were of the view that EY did not have the benefit of all the
relevant documents and information required for the purposes of its valuation
(“the Additional Documents”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PBOD, Tab 7, pp 563–569.

Therefore, the defendants invited EY to reassess the valuation of the
Company’s shares. I note that this letter was sent four days before the
deadline for the defendants to make their first instalment payment to the
plaintiffs.

10 EY maintained the position that it could only take into account the
Additional Documents and conduct a reassessment with the approval of both
parties. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PBOD, Tab 7, pp 570–571.

This position was taken by EY as the parties had already agreed with the
timetable to provide all relevant information.

11 The plaintiffs did not consent to a reassessment of the Company’s shares.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PBOD, Tab 7, pp 572–573.

The plaintiffs highlighted that the defendants had sufficient time to submit
the Additional Documents during EY’s valuation exercise. In fact, EY had
granted the defendants’ repeated requests for extension of time to submit
relevant documents and information. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PBOD, Tab 7, p 583.

EY also conducted an in-person explanation session with Agape Vietnam’s
management to explain the information and documents required by EY. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PBOD, Tab 7, p 584.

12 Pursuant to cl 12.1 of the Settlement Agreement, the parties attended a
mediation session on 9 July 2018 in the light of the defendants’ request for
reassessment. The attempt at mediation was unsuccessful. Thereafter, the
plaintiffs commenced OS 935/2018 on 1 August 2018. In the course of filing
their affidavits, the defendants also presented a report prepared by Savills
Vietnam Co., Ltd (“Savills”) dated 26 September 2018 (“the Savills Report”).
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PBOD, Tab 7, pp 672–687.

Savills, like CBRE, is a property valuer in Vietnam. The defendants relied
primarily on the Savills Report to convince the court that EY had departed
from its contractual mandate and that the EY Report was marred by manifest
errors. I shall now elaborate on the parties’ cases.

The parties’ cases

The defendants’ case

There were manifest errors in the EY Report

13 The defendants contended that there were manifest errors in the EY Report.
Thus, the EY Report was liable to be set aside. I should emphasise that,
strictly speaking, the alleged errors identified by the defendants were in
relation to the CBRE Report which, in turn, was relied on by EY in the EY
Report.

14 Firstly, the defendants submitted that there were assumptions and
statements made in the EY Report that were inaccurate and in contravention of
Vietnam laws. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions (“DWS”), paras 78–81.

The alleged errors were as follows:

(a) CBRE had assumed that all the social houses in the Vietnam Project were to
be “sold”, when Vietnam’s Housing Law No. 65/2014/QH13 (“Housing Law 2014”)
required at least 20% of the social houses to be “leased” for at least five
years. In this regard, the defendants relied on the expert opinion of a
Vietnamese lawyer, Mr Nguyen Ba Son (“Mr Nguyen”). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DWS, paras 48–63.

(b) CBRE had failed to apply the statutorily prescribed formula for
determining the maximum selling price of the social houses (“the Sale Price
Formula”). Instead, CBRE merely referred to two comparable projects, made
certain adjustments and arrived at the average selling price of US$550 per
sqm. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DWS, para 67; PBOD, Tab 7, p 414.

The defendants, similarly, relied on Mr Nguyen’s expert opinion. The
defendants also relied on the Savills Report which applied the Sale Price
Formula to determine the maximum selling price of the social houses at US$391
per sqm. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DWS, para 70(a); PBOD, Tab 10, p 35.

15 Secondly, the defendants submitted that the EY Report was also marred by
manifest errors of fact. The purported errors were as follows:

(a) Agape Vietnam had to pay the relevant authority “Land Costs” with respect
to the land that had been allocated and handed over to Agape Vietnam. As at
the Valuation Date, there was still “Residual Land” which had yet to be handed
over to Agape Vietnam. CBRE failed to take into account the Land Costs for the
Residual Land, which were yet to be ascertained by the relevant authority. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DWS, paras 83–95.

(b) Agape Vietnam had sold 244 units in the Vietnam Project through a
marketing agent known as Mai Anh Co., Ltd (“MACL”) as at the Valuation Date.
CBRE did not fully take into account all the commission expenses that were
payable by Agape Vietnam to MACL which were not recorded in Agape Vietnam’s
books. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DWS, para 101.

Furthermore, it was not clear if CBRE had accounted for part of the commission
expenses which were on Agape Vietnam’s books. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DWS, paras 109–114.

(c) CBRE had identified several similar properties to derive the value of the
school land in the Vietnam Project (“the Direct Comparison Approach”). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DWS, para 117.

However, these properties were “wholly dissimilar from the [Vietnam Project]
in terms of both location and development type”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DWS, paras 116–121.

The defendants highlighted that Savills had calculated the value of the school
land in the Vietnam Project based on residual land value (“RLV”) and
attributed a negative value of US$3.3m to the school land in the Vietnam
Project. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DWS, para 121.

16 Thirdly, the defendants contended that the EY Report was marred by manifest
errors because EY and CBRE had conducted their respective valuations based on
incomplete information. EY and CBRE ought to have considered the Additional
Documents which the defendants provided after the EY Report was sent to the
parties. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DWS, paras 122–127.

EY exceeded the scope of its contractual mandate

17 The defendants’ second ground of grievance was that EY had exceeded the
scope of its contractual mandate.

18 The defendants argued that, in determining the scope of EY’s contractual
mandate, it must be implied that EY’s valuation had to be in accordance with
all applicable laws. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DWS, paras 41–43.

The defendants also relied on the International Valuation Standards’
definition of “market value”, which states that “the market value of an asset
will reflect its highest and best use … that is … legally permissible”.

19 The defendants submitted that EY’s valuation was not in accordance with all
applicable laws, for the reasons stated at [14] above. Therefore, EY had
exceeded the scope of its contractual mandate and its determination was liable
to be set aside.

The plaintiffs’ case

There were no manifest errors in the EY Report

20 The plaintiffs contended that there were no errors in the EY Report, let
alone manifest errors. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions (“PSS”), para 44.

The alleged errors that were identified by the defendants, as stated at [14]
and [15] above, were merely differences of opinion. The plaintiffs relied on
the expert opinion of a Vietnamese lawyer, Dr Luu Tien Dung (“Dr Luu”) and
submitted that the EY Report was fully compliant with Vietnam laws. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PBOD, Tab 4.

21 In relation to the assumptions and statements made by CBRE that were said
to be inaccurate and in contravention of Vietnam laws (see [14] above), the
plaintiffs submitted that:

(a) Social houses disposed through “lease-purchase” counted towards the
requirement for at least 20% of the social houses to be “leased”. All “lease-
purchase” units would eventually be sold to the purchasers. Therefore, CBRE’s
assumption that all the social houses would be sold was not incorrect. In this
regard, the plaintiffs relied on the expert opinion of Dr Luu. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PBOD, Tab 4, paras 16–22.

(b) The Sale Price Formula could not be applied to value the Vietnam Project
due to insufficient information. Such information included the filing costs,
site formation works, external works, and finance and legal expenses. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PSS, paras 111–112.

The plaintiffs relied on Dr Luu’s expert opinion who opined that CBRE’s
calculation of the maximum selling price was more reliable than that of
Savills, whose calculation was based on hypothetical figures. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PBOD, Tab 4, para 31.

22 In relation to the alleged manifest errors of fact, the plaintiffs
contended that:

(a) Agape Vietnam’s liability for Land Costs in respect of the Residual Land
was entirely speculative. It was possible that no Land Costs would be payable
for the Residual Land. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PSS, paras 115–118.

(b) Agape Vietnam had fully accounted for all the commission expenses that
were payable by Agape Vietnam to MACL which were recorded in Agape Vietnam’s
books. Any other purported commission expenses were based on the Additional
Documents which the defendants sought to provide to EY after the valuation
exercise. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PSS, para 133.

In addition, the defendants’ contention that CBRE had not accounted for part
of the commission expenses recorded in Agape Vietnam’s books was a mere
assertion. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PSS, para 138.

(c) CBRE’s utilisation of the Direct Comparison Approach was made honestly in
its professional judgment. CBRE made appropriate adjustments in arriving at
its valuation. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PSS, para 147.

Although Savills calculated the value of the school land in the Vietnam
Project based on residual land value, this was merely a difference in
methodology and opinion. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PSS, paras 151–157.

23 In relation to the defendants’ contention that EY’s valuation was based on
incomplete information, the plaintiffs submitted that this was not a ground
for setting aside an expert’s determination. Furthermore, parties had ample
time to submit all relevant documents and information to EY during the
valuation exercise. The defendants had only sought to provide the Additional
Documents after the valuation exercise had well concluded. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PSS, paras 158–160.

EY did not exceed the scope of its contractual mandate

24 The plaintiffs submitted that EY would only have exceeded the scope of its
contractual mandate if it had made “fundamental mistakes”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

For The Record (“FTR”), 8 February 2019, Chamber 6B, 3.01.05pm.

The plaintiffs relied on Jones v Sherwood Computer Services plc [1992] 1 WLR
277 at 287 for examples of such “fundamental mistakes”. These included the
situation where a valuer of shares valued the wrong number of shares, or
valued shares in the wrong company. On the facts, EY had valued the
plaintiffs’ shares in the Company fully in accordance with their terms of
engagement. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PBOD, Tab 2, pp 117–136.

Accordingly, EY could not have been said to have exceeded the scope of its
contractual mandate.

My decision

Issues to be determined

25 The two issues that arose for my determination were:

(a) whether the EY Report was marred by manifest errors; and

(b) whether EY had departed from its contractual mandate.

Issue 1: Whether the EY Report was marred by manifest errors

The law

26 The general rule is that the only grounds to challenge a determination of
an expert whom the parties agreed are as follows (see Poh Cheng Chew v K P Koh
& Partners Pte Ltd and another [2014] 2 SLR 573 (“Poh Cheng Chew”) at [36]):

(a) material departure from instructions;

(b) manifest error; or

(c) fraud, collusion, partiality and the like.

27 Thus, the grounds to challenge an expert’s determination are very narrow.
This is the correct approach as the fundamental contract between the parties
is that they had agreed to be bound by the opinion and views of their chosen
expert. The courts will not allow a dissatisfied party a second bite at the
cherry on the merits so as to preserve the sanctity of the joint agreement
made by the parties. In doing so, the court is doing no more than to uphold
the parties’ contractual bargain, since they have contracted for the expert’s
determination to be final and binding on the merits. As stated by V K Rajah J
(as he then was) in Evergreat Construction Co Pte Ltd v Presscrete Engineering
Pte Ltd [2006] 1 SLR(R) 634 at [29]:

… It is quite inappropriate for a court to substitute its own view on the
merits when the parties have already agreed to rely on the expertise of an
expert for a final and irrevocable determination.

28 In this case, the defendants did not allege that there was fraud,
collusion, partiality and the like on the part of EY. Therefore, these grounds
would not be relevant for the purpose of setting aside the EY Report. However,
the defendants argued that there were manifest errors in the EY Report and
that there was material departure from instructions by EY. Hence, my decision
will deal only with the allegations raised by the defendants.

29 For manifest errors, the dissatisfied party, in this case the defendants,
had to show a “manifest error” in the expert’s determination, as opposed to a
mere error. As stated by Lord Denning MR in Campbell v Edwards [1976] 1 WLR
403 at 407:

… It is simply the law of contract. If two persons agree that the price of
property should be fixed by a valuer on whom they agree, and he gives that
valuation honestly and in good faith, they are bound by it. Even if he has
made a mistake they are still bound by it. The reason is because they have
agreed to be bound by it. … [emphasis added]

30 Furthermore, as said by Lawton LJ in Baber v Kenwood Manufacturing Co Ltd
and Whinney Murray & Co [1978] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 175 at 181:

… Now experts can be wrong; they can be muddle-headed; and, unfortunately, on
occasions they can give their opinions negligently. Anyone who agrees to
accept the opinion of an expert accepts the risk of these sorts of misfortunes
happening. … [emphasis added]

31 The principles enunciated above are particularly pertinent in this case,
where parties were embroiled in litigation but decided to submit to expert
determination as part of the Settlement Agreement. The defendants have
themselves stated that their motivation for entering into the Settlement
Agreement was to avoid protracted litigation. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DWS, para 10.

The parties did not dispute that only a manifest error and not a mere error
would suffice to set aside the EY Report.

32 There is some debate over the approach the court should adopt with respect
to manifest errors. In Geowin Construction Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1256 [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1004
(“Geowin”) at [16], Rajah J preferred a narrow approach, and explained that
the term “manifest error” is “no more than a convenient shorthand reference to
a patent error on the ‘face’ of the award or decision” [emphasis added]. This
approach was similarly adopted in Quek Kwee Kee Victoria (in her personal
capacity and as executor of the estate of Quek Kiat Song, deceased) and
another v Quek Khuay Chuah [2014] 4 SLR 1 at [33]. The rationale for the
narrow approach was stated succinctly by Rajah J in Geowin at [19]:

… the court should not stray beyond the actual report or award in considering
how or why the decision was reached. The underlying evidence ought not to be
re-examined or referred to as this would be tantamount to an appellate hearing
and to that extent contrary to what the parties had solemnly agreed to. The
right of review should be confined to correcting apparent mistakes that appear
on the face of the report or award (eg apparent mathematical miscalculations)
and to determining whether the expert has complied with his terms of
appointment. [emphasis added]

33 However, in The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance National Asia Re Pte
Ltd [2009] 2 SLR 385 (“The Oriental Insurance”) at [89], Chan Seng Onn J
adopted a less strict approach, and opined that there was no absolute rule
precluding reference to matters beyond the face of the award or decision to
establish a manifest error.

34 In my view, I would respectfully prefer Rajah J’s approach in Geowin for
the following reasons.

35 Firstly, the narrow approach better accords with the fundamental principle
that parties would have intended for the expert’s determination to be final
and binding, except in exceptional circumstances. The narrow approach honours
and upholds the concept and importance of the sanctity of contract, which must
be adhered to and respected by the contracting parties. It ensures that the
courts will only have a limited right of review, which parties would have
intended for as a general starting principle.

36 Secondly, the narrow approach is more consistent with the principle that
there must be finality to litigation as agreed by the parties. The parties had
reflected this desire in appointing a mutually agreed expert valuer to
ascertain the market value of the plaintiffs’ 19% shareholding in the Company
in the Settlement Agreement.

37 Thirdly, the narrow approach recognises that “courts have no greater
expertise than expert valuers; and that where parties have chosen voluntarily
to commit the determination of valuation to an expert, judicial restraint is
an appropriate response” (Holt v Cox (1997) 23 ACSR 590 at 597, cited in
Geowin at [18]).

38 In any event, I note that even on Chan J’s approach in The Oriental
Insurance, the definition of a manifest error still remains narrow. As
observed by Vinodh Coomaraswamy J in Jayanti Nadarajoo v Bronwyn Helen
Matthews and another [2015] SGHC 222 at [73]:

Even on Chan J’s approach, it is clear that not all error is manifest error.
Only error which is capable of affecting the outcome of the determination and
admits no difference of opinion amounts to manifest error. The example
provided is a clear arithmetical error. In that case, Chan J found manifest
error in the determination of the period of interest because of a technical
arithmetical error in the expert’s discount calculations. [emphasis in
original]

39 To be clear, it is not the law that only a “clear arithmetical error” will
amount to a manifest error. However, the example provided in The Oriental
Insurance is highly indicative of the type of errors that will suffice to
reopen an expert’s determination. Another example is where the expert valuer
refers to a building that does not exist (Walton Homes Ltd v Staffordshire
County Council [2013] EWHC 2554 (Ch) at [46]). In The Oriental Insurance at
[90], Chan J endorsed the definition of “manifest errors” found in Veba Oil
Supply & Trading GmbH v Petrotrade Inc [2002] 1 All ER 703 at [33]:

… “oversights and blunders so obvious and obviously capable of affecting the
determination as to admit of no difference of opinion”. [original emphasis
omitted]

40 Therefore, there are two requirements that the dissatisfied party has to
fulfil before the court will conclude that an error is a manifest error.
Firstly, the error must be obvious and admit of no difference of opinion.
Secondly, the error must be one that is obviously capable of affecting the
expert’s determination.

41 On the facts, even if I had applied Chan J’s approach which was advocated
by the defendants, I found that EY had not made any manifest errors. The
alleged errors identified by the defendants were not obvious – they required
the court to extensively investigate whether or not EY and CBRE had made any
error. This was plainly not the appropriate forum for such an inquiry to be
undertaken given the court’s limited right of review. Furthermore, the alleged
errors identified by the defendants were merely differences of opinion between
the defendants (relying on Mr Nyugen’s expert opinion and the Savills Report)
and the plaintiffs (relying on Dr Luu’s expert opinion and the CBRE Report).
As acknowledged by counsel for the defendants, the defendants would not have
been able to identify the alleged errors of law without the benefit of Mr
Nyugen’s expert opinion and the Savills Report. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

FTR, 3:31:30pm.

It was not proper for the court to adjudicate between the merits of the
contrasting opinions in deciding whether or not to set aside an expert’s
determination. I shall now explain with reference to each of the alleged
errors.

Manifest errors of law

42 The defendants relied on Mr Nyugen’s legal opinion and contended that
Vietnam’s Housing Law 2014 required at least 20% of the social houses to be
leased for at least five years. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PBOD, Tab 8, p 15 para 32.

According to the defendants, CBRE erred in stating that all the social houses
were to be sold. Therefore, the EY Report was marred by a manifest error of
law.

43 However, the plaintiffs relied on Dr Luu’s legal opinion which stated that
social houses which are disposed through lease-purchase for a term of at least
five years will still satisfy the requirement for at least 20% of the social
houses to be leased. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PBOD, Tab 4, p 24 para 18.

Accordingly, CBRE’s assumption that all of the social houses were to be sold
was not in violation of Vietnam laws. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PBOD, Tab 4, p 25 para 22.

44 The other manifest error of law alleged by the defendants was that CBRE
failed to apply the Sale Price Formula in arriving at the maximum selling
price of the social houses. Instead, CBRE had referred to two comparable
projects and arrived at the average selling price of US$550 per sqm after
making certain adjustments. Similarly, the defendants relied on Mr Nyugen’s
legal opinion and the Savills Report.

45 In contrast, the plaintiffs relied on Dr Luu’s legal opinion which
suggested that the Sale Price Formula could not be meaningfully applied by
CBRE. Dr Luu opined as follows: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PBOD, Tab 4, pp 27–29.

25\. The allegations [of Mr Nyugen and the first defendant] that the average
selling price of the social housing units adopted by CBRE contravenes Vietnam
law and their reliance on the Savills Report for the maximum selling price of
the social housing units is completely baseless.

26\. Firstly, Savills’ assessment that the maximum selling price of the social
houses is US$391 per sqm is based on hypothetical figures without reliance on
any source documents …

…

30\. Secondly … Savills could not have calculated the maximum selling price of
the social houses based on the Formula since the actual total investment cost
would not have accrued and been made available.

31\. Thirdly, CBRE’s calculation of the maximum selling price is more reliable
than that of Savills as it was determined based on a comparison with the
average selling price of a completed social housing project in Hai Phong City,
which was appraised and approved by [the People’s Committee Of Hai Phong
City].

[emphasis in original]

46 I found the defendants’ arguments unmeritorious. There were no manifest
errors with regard to the two alleged errors of law identified by the
defendants. At best, the defendants could only show that there was a
difference in interpretation of local legislation. Such differences in legal
opinion do not amount to a manifest error of law. This was simply not the
proper forum to determine whose interpretation was correct or to be preferred.
If the defendants were insistent that their interpretation was correct and
that CBRE had not applied the relevant laws, then the proper recourse for the
defendants to adopt was to initiate an action against CBRE and/or EY for
professional negligence. It is well established that experts, such as EY, owe
duties of reasonable skill and care to the parties that appoint them and will
be liable in damages should they be negligent in carrying out their
professional duties (Poh Cheng Chew at [55]).

Manifest errors of fact

47 To recapitulate, the defendants relied on three errors of fact which they
alleged were manifest errors. However, I found that there was no basis to set
aside the EY Report based on these purported errors.

48 Firstly, the defendants submitted that CBRE failed to take into account the
Land Costs for the Residual Land. The plaintiffs rebutted the defendants’
submission by stating that the Land Costs for the Residual Land was entirely
speculative, since it was possible that no Land Costs would be payable at all.

49 In my view, it was open for CBRE, in exercising its honest, independent and
professional judgment, not to take into account the Land Costs for the
Residual Land since it was possible that there might not be any Land Costs.
This was particularly so as Agape Vietnam’s liability for Land Costs for the
Residual Land was speculative as of the Valuation Date. Moreover, the
defendants stated that “land costs in the sum approximately VND 609 billion
was payable in respect of more than half of the area” handed over to Agape
Vietnam [emphasis added]. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DWS, para 93.

On the defendants’ own case, Agape Vietnam was not liable for Land Costs with
respect to some of the area that was already handed over to Agape Vietnam.

50 Secondly, the defendants contended that CBRE failed to take into account
all of Agape Vietnam’s commission expenses in its valuation. However, this
contention was also unmeritorious. The other commission expenses referred to
by the defendants were not found on Agape Vietnam’s books. In all fairness to
CBRE, the unreported commission expenses were not brought to CBRE’s attention
by Agape Vietnam during the period of the valuation, notwithstanding the
various extensions of time granted by CBRE for Agape Vietnam to provide the
relevant information. In fact, the unreported commission expenses formed the
subject of some of the Additional Documents provided by the defendants after
EY’s valuation had concluded. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PBOD, Tab 2, pp 228–229.

The defendants expressly acknowledged in the letter dated 29 March 2018 that
these documents had not been provided to EY previously. Accordingly, it could
not be seriously contended that EY had made a manifest error in not taking
into account all of Agape Vietnam’s commission expenses, when these expenses
were not even recorded on Agape Vietnam’s books. The defendants’ other
assertion that it is “not clear” if CBRE had fully taken into account all the
commission expenses recorded on Agape Vietnam’s books was also speculative. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DWS, para 109.

If there were any omissions, the defendants were entirely to blame as they
were dilatory in their rendering of assistance to CBRE during the valuation
exercise.

51 Thirdly, the defendants submitted that the Direct Comparison Approach
adopted by CBRE to value the school land in the Vietnam Project was a manifest
error. In contrast, Savills had valued the school land in the Vietnam Project
based on RLV, resulting in a negative value. However, this is merely a
difference in methodology between CBRE and Savills, both of whom are
professional valuers who are entitled to a certain degree of latitude in their
valuations. A mere difference in methodology cannot qualify as a manifest
error.

EY failed to consider the Additional Documents

52 In my view, the defendants’ arguments that EY ought to have considered the
Additional Documents were completely unmeritorious. EY acted even-handedly by
not granting the defendants’ request for reassessment without the plaintiffs’
consent. This was the proper course for EY to take in the interests of due
process and finality as well as fairness to both parties. Furthermore, I note
that EY had, in the course of the valuation exercise, granted various
extensions of time to the defendants at their requests. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PSS, para 18.

If the defendants were of the view that the Additional Documents were relevant
and pertinent for EY and CBRE’s valuations, then they should have been
provided to EY and CBRE before the valuations were complete and not after.

Issue 2: Whether EY exceeded the scope of its contractual mandate

The law

53 The defendants submitted that EY exceeded the scope of its implied
contractual mandate as its valuation was not in accordance with applicable
Vietnam laws. In other words, EY had departed from its instructions to conduct
the valuation to reflect its “highest and best use” in a way that was legally
permissible (see [18] above). The general inquiry to determine whether an
expert has departed from its instructions comprises two steps, as stated in
The Oriental Insurance at [48]:

(a) Firstly, what did the parties agree to remit to the expert?

(b) Secondly, what was the nature of the mistake? If the expert’s mistake
constitutes a material departure from instructions, then the expert’s
determination is not binding on the parties.

54 It is accepted that a departure from instructions must be considered as
material unless it can be characterised as trivial or de minimis when analysed
with respect to the instructions. The expert’s determination, even if shown
not to be sufficiently different had there been full compliance with the
instructions, must still be set aside as it is a nullity and not binding (Poh
Cheng Chew at [42]).

55 It is critical to recognise that there is a distinction between a departure
from instructions and mistakes made by the expert (Poh Cheng Chew at [43]).
This distinction was expressed in Nikko Hotels (UK) Ltd v MEPC plc [1991] 2
EGLR 103 at 108 using the analogy of answering the right or wrong question:

… If [the expert] has answered the right question in the wrong way, his
decision will be binding. If he has answered the wrong question, his decision
will be a nullity. … [emphasis added]

Application to the facts of this case

56 On the facts, the relevant instructions provided by the parties to EY can
be found in EY’s “Statement of Work”. These instructions include: 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PBOD, Tab 2, p 121.

(a) The appropriate basis of valuing the plaintiffs’ 19% shareholding in the
Company shall be market value.

(b) EY shall assess the market value of the Company on a net tangible assets
(“NTA”) basis, incorporating the value of the shares of Agape Vietnam on a NTA
basis and taking into account the value of the real estate as at the Valuation
Date.

(c) EY shall have the power to determine the appropriate approach for the
valuation of the assets and liabilities of the Agape Group once EY has
obtained a good understanding of Agape Group’s business, assets and
liabilities as well as the information that will be available for the purpose
of their engagement.

57 It is apparent from EY’s Statement of Work that EY had a broad mandate in
determining the market value of the plaintiffs’ shares. The Statement of Work
did not stipulate in granular detail how EY was to conduct its valuation.
There was certainly nothing to the effect that EY had to ensure that CBRE
valued the Vietnam Project in accordance with the Sale Price Formula, or that
CBRE should not assume that all the social houses would be sold. Furthermore,
apart from the two alleged errors of law, the defendants also did not allege
that EY and CBRE had performed their valuations with disregard to Vietnam
laws. In fact, the starting assumption unless proven otherwise must be that
CBRE, as a professional entity operating in Vietnam had performed its
valuation in accordance with Vietnam laws. The burden was on the defendants to
prove on a balance of probabilities that CBRE had failed to comply with
Vietnam laws in the CBRE Report. Even if CBRE had failed to take into account
the relevant Vietnam laws in the two instances highlighted by the defendants,
it did not follow that EY had departed from its instructions. The critical
distinction between a departure from instructions and mistakes made by the
expert as stated at [55] above must be emphasised again. This again relates to
the fundamental principle that the court should only intervene to set aside an
expert’s determination in exceptional cases and must otherwise give full
effect to the parties’ agreement.

Whether the court should have invited CBRE to provide clarifications

58 At the hearing of OS 935/2018, the defendants submitted that the court
should have exercised its discretion to invite CBRE to clarify the assumptions
made in its valuation. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

FTR, 3:46:30pm.

The defendants argued that CBRE had expressly stated in its report that “[i]f
any of our assumptions are found to be inaccurate our valuation is void and
all reliance is revoked”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PBOD, Tab 7, p 378.

Thus, CBRE should be invited to clarify whether or not its assumptions were
still accurate.

59 The court is an adversarial process and the burden is on the parties to
prove their respective cases. The court is entitled to rely on all the
available information that is before it at the time of the hearing. If the
defendants believed that CBRE had made inaccurate assumptions, then the burden
was on the defendants to produce an affidavit from CBRE. Based on what was
before the court, it could not be said that CBRE had made any inaccurate
assumptions. CBRE did not admit that it had made any errors. The defendants’
assertions that CBRE had made inaccurate assumptions were robustly contested
by the plaintiffs, as stated above at [42]–[51]. If CBRE refused to engage the
defendants and the defendants were insistent that CBRE had made inaccurate
assumptions, then it is for the defendants to initiate an action against CBRE
for negligence in its valuation that resulted in the defendants paying more
for the plaintiffs’ 19% shareholding in the Company.

60 Moreover, pursuant to cl 1.6 of the Settlement Agreement, the defendants
were required to make payments to the plaintiffs in two instalments in April
2018 and June 2018 respectively. I was not inclined to prolong the matter
given that there was already a substantial delay.

Summary

61 In summary, for Issue 1, I found that the EY Report was not marred by
manifest errors. The central plank of the defendants’ case was premised on the
Savills Report. It was undeniable that without the Savills Report and Mr
Nyugen’s expert opinion, almost all of the defendants’ allegations of manifest
errors would not have been identifiable and visible for the defendants to
launch a series of attacks on the EY Report. The plaintiffs, on the other
hand, disagreed with the Savills Report and its accompanying criticism of the
EY Report. In other words, this was a case of a difference of opinions between
the two pundits on the valuation of the plaintiffs’ 19% shareholding in the
Company.

62 The Savills Report was commissioned by the defendants after they had seen
the EY Report and realised that they had to pay US$4,165,675 for the
plaintiffs’ 19% shareholding in the Company. The defendants must have felt
that the Settlement Sum was too much and decided to seek a second opinion
which they were not allowed to do under the Settlement Agreement.
Nevertheless, the defendants went ahead and commissioned the Savills Report.
If the Savills Report had valued the plaintiffs’ 19% shareholding in the
Company higher than the EY Report, the defendants would not have taken issue
with the EY Report and this case would not have come before the court.
However, from the Savills Report, the defendants alleged that the “Disputed
Value would be reduced by approximately US$3.4 million (ie, 15.5%)” 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DWS, p 35 para 80.

. Since the defendants had agreed in the Settlement Agreement to be bound by
the EY Report, they must abide and honour that agreement notwithstanding the
findings of the Savills Report. If the defendants felt strongly that the EY
Report was erroneous and unfair, then the appropriate recourse would be to
commence an action against EY for professional negligence which resulted in
the defendants paying more to the plaintiffs for their 19% shareholding in the
Company.

63 EY had engaged CBRE to value the Company’s assets in Vietnam. The
plaintiffs’ legal pundit in Vietnam laws, Dr Luu, confirmed that CBRE’s
valuation was in compliance with Vietnam laws. The defendants’ legal pundit,
Mr Nyugen, on the other hand, had a contrary legal opinion. Hence, this was a
difference in legal interpretation and there were no manifest errors of law.

64 Therefore, regarding Issue 1, I found that there were no manifest errors of
law and fact. EY also could not have been faulted for failing to consider the
Additional Documents which arose as a result of the defendants’ repeated
dilatory conduct.

65 As for Issue 2, I was satisfied that EY had not exceeded the scope of its
contractual mandate and the valuation conducted by CBRE was done in accordance
with Vietnam laws.

Conclusion

66 For the foregoing reasons, I found that there was no basis to set aside the
EY Report. Accordingly, I allowed the plaintiffs’ application in OS 935/2018.
I ordered that the EY Report was final and binding upon the parties and the
defendants were jointly and severally liable to pay the sum of US$4,165,675
(plus interest calculated at 5.33% per annum commencing from 1 August 2018 to
the date of payment) to the plaintiffs. As for costs, I ordered the defendants
to pay costs fixed at $8,000 (inclusive of disbursements).

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Lee Ee Yang and Wong En Hui, Charis (Covenant Chambers LLC) for the
plaintiffs;  
Hing Shan Shan Blossom, Tan Yi Yin, Amy and Chin Tian Hui, Joshua (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

