Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHCF 5

High Court (Family Division) — Divorce (Transferred) No 3278 of 2016

Between

USA  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

USB  
---  
  
… Defendant

Judgment

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Maintenance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
USA

  
v

  

USB

[2019] SGHCF 5

High Court (Family Division) — Divorce (Transferred) No 3278 of 2016  
Tan Puay Boon JC  
30 May, 26 July, 21 August 2018

29 January 2019 Judgment reserved.

Tan Puay Boon JC:

Background

1 This judgment relates to ancillary matters arising from the breakdown of a
marriage between the plaintiff (“the Wife”) and the defendant (“the Husband”).
The Wife, who was born in 1967, and the Husband, who was born in 1952, were
married in February 2011. Prior to their marriage, the parties cohabited for a
period of about 12 years beginning in 1999. The Wife commenced divorce
proceedings in July 2016 and obtained interim judgment on 16 August 2016.
Thus, the formal length of the marriage was about five and a half years.

2 The Husband is presently 66 years old and is employed as a lawyer. The Wife
is 52 years old and is a real estate salesperson who has attained a senior
position within a major real estate agency. There are no children of the
marriage. However, during the relationship, the parties lived with the Wife’s
two children from a previous marriage: a son, [P], who was born in 1991; and a
daughter, [Q], who was born in 1994. [P] and [Q] were eight and five years old
respectively at the time the parties began cohabiting, and 20 and 17 years old
respectively at the time of the marriage.

3 The issues in dispute between the parties broadly relate to the division of
matrimonial assets and maintenance. With regard to the latter, in this case,
it is the Husband who seeks maintenance on the basis that he is an
“incapacitated husband” within the meaning of s 113(1) of the Women’s Charter
(Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed).

Matrimonial assets

4 The parties have taken sharply diverging positions over (a) the identity of
the assets within the matrimonial pool, (b) the value of those assets and (c)
the appropriate ratio for division.

5 Before I turn to these issues, I address the preliminary matter of which of
two possible approaches I shall apply in dividing the matrimonial assets – the
global assessment methodology or the classification methodology. The former
methodology, which is more commonly used (see TNC v TND [2016] 3 SLR 1172
(“TNC v TND”) at [39]), consists of four phases: First, the court identifies
and pools all the matrimonial assets; secondly, the court assesses the net
value of the pool of assets; thirdly, the court determines a just and
equitable division of the assets; and fourthly, the court decides on the most
convenient way to achieve these proportions of division (see NK v NL [2007] 3
SLR(R) 743 (“NK v NL”) at [31]). As for the latter classification methodology,
the court divides the matrimonial assets into various classes and then
separately considers the parties’ contributions in relation to each class of
assets (NK v NL at [32]).

6 As noted by the Court of Appeal in NK v NL at [33] and [35], both approaches
are consistent with the legislative framework under s 112 of the Women’s
Charter, and in most cases, both approaches will lead to the same result.
However, the classification approach is generally appropriate where there are
multiple classes of assets which “lend themselves to classification” (see AYQ
v AYR [2013] 1 SLR 476 at [19]) and where parties have made different
contributions in relation to each class (NK v NL at [35]). The classification
methodology may also be appropriate where certain assets are “not wholly the
gains of the co-operative partnership of efforts that the marriage represents”
(see TNC v TND at [40]).

7 In the present case, I consider that it is appropriate to adopt the global
assessment methodology rather than the classification methodology for the
following reasons:

(a) First, the assets do not lend themselves readily to the classification
approach as there is no clearly distinguishable asset or group of assets in
which the proportion of the parties’ respective contributions is different
from the other assets. It will be seen that across the various matrimonial
assets, the Wife has generally made greater direct contributions.

(b) Secondly, the parties have made their submissions on the basis that the
global assessment methodology would be employed.

(c) Thirdly, while it might be said that some of the assets which were
purchased prior to the marriage are “not wholly the gains of the co-operative
partnership of efforts that the marriage represents” (see [15]–[20] below),
this will be addressed by excluding from the pool of assets a pro rata value
corresponding to the amount which was paid for prior to the marriage (see
[70]–[80] below).

8 I shall discuss the identity and value of the matrimonial assets, and the
appropriate ratio for division in turn.

Identifying the matrimonial assets

9 The Wife owns a total of 17 residential and non-residential properties, some
of which are held through companies of which the Wife is a sole shareholder.
As a preliminary matter, it should be noted that for the purpose of these
proceedings, the parties have agreed that there is no need to value the
holding companies and the value to be ascribed to these companies shall be
taken as the value of the properties owned by each respective company, if any.

10 Of the 17 real properties owned by the Wife, it is common ground between
the parties that the following seven properties which were purchased during
the marriage should be included in the pool of matrimonial assets:

(a) A property at Telok Kurau Road (“the Telok Kurau Property”);

(b) A condominium unit on Fraser Street (“the Fraser Street Property”);

(c) Two units at Bukit Batok West Avenue 8 (“Bukit Batok Property A” and
“Bukit Batok Property B” respectively);

(d) Two units at Alexandra Road (“Alexandra Property A and Alexandra Property
B” respectively); and

(e) A condominium unit at Changi Road (“the Changi Road Property”).

11 In addition, the parties also agree that a property at Sunrise Close (“the
Sunrise Close Property”) should be included in the pool of matrimonial assets
because, while it was purchased by the Wife before the marriage, it was used
by the parties as their matrimonial home.

Assets purchased before the marriage

12 The main point in dispute relates to whether the following nine properties,
which were purchased by the Wife before the marriage (“the Pre-Marriage
Properties”), should be included in the pool of matrimonial assets:

(a) A unit at Bedok North Street 3 (“the Bedok North Property”);

(b) Two units at Telok Blangah Drive (“Telok Blangah Property A” and “Telok
Blangah Property B” respectively);

(c) A unit at Compassvale Bow (“the Compassvale Property”);

(d) A unit at Marina Boulevard in which the Wife has a one-third share (“the
Marina Boulevard Property”);

(e) Two units at Robertson Quay (“Robertson Quay Property A” and “Robertson
Quay Property B” respectively);

(f) A property at Woodleigh Close (“the Woodleigh Property”); and

(g) A property at Leedon Heights (“the Leedon Property”).

By way of interjection, I note that the Husband has suggested that Robertson
Quay Property B, the Leedon Property and the Woodleigh Property were purchased
or acquired after the marriage because the transfer of title for these
properties was only registered after the marriage. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Husband’s ancillary matters fact and position sheet, Annex B.

The fact, however, is that the sale and purchase agreements in respect of
these properties were entered into before the marriage, and partial payments
(such as option fees and deposits) were also made prior to the marriage. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Wife’s 23 March 2017 affidavit, pp 916 and 1094.

Counsel for the Husband have recognised this in stating, in their written
submissions, that: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 15.

[I]n respect of [the Leedon Property and the Woodleigh Property], [the
Husband] had used the date of registration of the instrument of transfer. We
however acknowledge that the sale and purchase agreements were signed before
the registration of the marriage and they thus fall under the rubric of the
disputed assets. [emphasis in original]

The same reasoning applies to Robertson Quay Property B. I have thus treated
these properties as assets purchased prior to the marriage, and reject the
Husband’s suggested approach of taking the date of registration of the
transfer as the reference point. That approach would have been inconsistent
with the Husband’s own position that “acquisition” of these assets was taking
place as long as payments on these properties were being made (see [14]–[15]
below).

13 The Wife takes the position that the Pre-Marriage Properties are not
matrimonial assets within the meaning of s 112(10) of the Women’s Charter. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, paras 45–47.

She submits that these were assets acquired before the marriage and, pursuant
to s 112(10)(a), such assets only constitute matrimonial assets if they were
ordinarily used or enjoyed by the parties while residing together within the
meaning of s 112(10)(a)(i), or if they were substantially improved during the
marriage by the Husband or by both parties within the meaning of s
112(10)(a)(ii) of the Women’s Charter. The Wife contends that neither s
112(10)(a)(i) nor s 112(10)(a)(ii) are applicable to the Pre-Marriage
Properties, and that they should thus be excluded from division. The Wife
further stresses that the Husband did not contribute financially towards the
acquisition of these Pre-Marriage Properties, and that she had assumed sole
responsibility for the debt which she incurred to finance the purchase of
these properties. She also submits that the Husband has “all along distanced
himself from [her] property investments”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Wife’s 10 August 2018 written submissions, para 10(d)–(f).

14 The Husband argues that although these Pre-Marriage Properties were
purchased before the marriage, they were acquired during the marriage within
the meaning of s 112(10)(b) of the Women’s Charter. This is because the Wife
had continued to pay mortgage instalments for these properties during the
marriage. In this regard, the Husband cites BHN v BHO [2013] SGHC 91 (“BHN v
BHO”) and THL v THM [2015] SGHCF 11 (“THL v THM”) as authorities for the
proposition that a property purchased prior to the marriage may constitute an
asset “acquired during the marriage” where instalments continue to be paid
during the marriage. In addition, the Husband argues that Robertson Quay
Properties A and B, as well as the Compassvale Property, are matrimonial
assets because they were substantially improved by the Husband during the
marriage within the meaning of s 112(10)(a)(ii) of the Women’s Charter.

15 I agree with the Husband that the Pre-Marriage Properties cannot be
excluded entirely from the matrimonial pool. Apart from BHN v BHO and THL v
THM, the decisions of BGT v BGU [2013] SGHC 50 and UJF v UJG [2018] SGHCF 1
(“UJF v UJG”) also support the proposition that, in the context of s 112(10)
of the Women’s Charter, the “acquisition” of an asset refers not only to its
purchase, but to the continuing process of payment for that asset in mortgage
instalments. Thus, to the extent that the Wife continued to pay for the Pre-
Marriage Properties during the parties’ marriage, these assets should be
included in the pool of matrimonial assets.

16 The Wife sought to argue that these Pre-Marriage Properties should be
excluded from the pool because the Husband had distanced himself from her
property investments. I was not persuaded by this. It is true that in
exceptional circumstances, the court may exclude even an asset which was
acquired during the marriage from the pool of matrimonial assets. An example
of this is the case of Ong Boon Huat Samuel v Chan Mei Lan Kristine [2007] 2
SLR(R) 729 (“Ong Boon Huat Samuel”). There, the parties had agreed to purchase
an apartment in their joint names in February 2002, but shortly thereafter,
their relationship broke down. The wife subsequently refused to sign the
mortgage documents unless the husband would enter into a deed to record their
understanding that he would be solely responsible for all the liabilities
arising out of the purchase of the apartment. When the husband refused to sign
the deed, the wife pulled out of the purchase, incurring abortive costs. The
husband proceeded to purchase the apartment in his sole name in May 2003.

17 The Court of Appeal held that the apartment should not be included in the
pool of matrimonial assets because this was the only determination that was
consistent with the wife’s consistent position that she would have no part in
the purchase of the apartment and all liabilities associated therewith (at
[15]). The wife had made her intentions to have no part in the purchase
“exceptionally clear” by seeking to enter into a legally binding agreement
(ie, the deed) which would confirm that she would share no responsibility for
the liabilities arising from the purchase (at [21]). She had also actively
sought to distance herself from liability for any of the abortive costs (at
[18]). The court further noted that the apartment had been purchased after the
parties’ relationship had already deteriorated (at [20]). It was in this
context that the Court of Appeal held that, notwithstanding the fact that the
apartment was acquired during the marriage and technically came within the
definition of a matrimonial asset in s 112(10), the court should not exercise
its powers of division in relation to the apartment (at [25]–[26]).

18 In my judgment, the facts of the present case are distinguishable from Ong
Boon Huat Samuel. To begin with, unlike Ong Boon Huat Samuel, the Pre-Marriage
Properties were not purchased at a time when the relationship between the
parties had deteriorated. Rather, they were purchased at a time when the
parties presumably enjoyed a close relationship (given that they were
cohabiting), and were then incrementally paid for in the following years,
during which time the parties formalised their relationship in marriage.

19 Further, the presumptive position under s 112(10)(b) is that any asset
acquired during the marriage is a matrimonial asset which is liable to
division. Seen in this context, the mere fact that one party has solely paid
for an asset cannot, without more, suffice to exclude that asset from the
matrimonial pool, for to adopt such an approach would strip s 112(10)(b) of
much of its meaning. In Ong Boon Huat Samuel, the court did not exclude the
apartment in question from division merely because its purchase had been
financed entirely by the husband. Rather, the court’s determination was
influenced by the fact that the wife had deliberately sought to dissociate
herself from the purchase of the apartment and its attendant liabilities in a
way that was “exceptionally clear”. In contrast, in the present case, the only
facts which the Wife relies on are that, in the course of these proceedings,
the Husband has expressed disapproval of her property acquisitions and has
described her as a “greedy woman who wanted to buy more and more properties
just to satisfy her insatiable appetite for real assets and wealth”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Wife’s 10 August 2018 written submissions, para 10(f).

I do not think that this is sufficient reason to exclude the Pre-Marriage
Properties from the pool of matrimonial assets entirely.

20 I accept, however, that given that these Pre-Marriage Properties were
partially paid for before the marriage, the court should not take the whole
value of these assets as being included in the pool of matrimonial assets, but
only that part of the acquisition that coincides with the period of the
marriage (UJF v UJG at [62]). This is a point which I will address when I
discuss the value of these matrimonial assets at [70]–[80] below.

21 Finally, I note that in the period between the interim judgment and the
ancillary matters hearing, the Wife has forfeited the Fraser Street Property
to the developer, and has sold the Bedok North Property as well as the
Woodleigh Property. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 31.

Since the identity of matrimonial assets is ascertained with reference to the
date of interim judgment, (see ARY v ARX [2016] 2 SLR 686 at [28]), these
properties continue to form part of the pool of matrimonial assets. The
proportion of the proceeds of these disposals which ought to be included in
the matrimonial pool will be discussed at [55]–[64], [75] and [78] below.

Assets which were allegedly “substantially improved”

22 As mentioned, the Husband argues that three of the Pre-Marriage Properties
should be included in the pool of matrimonial assets because, apart from the
point that the acquisition of these assets continued during the marriage
through mortgage instalments, he also substantially improved these properties
during the marriage. Thus, it is submitted that they constitute matrimonial
assets under s 112(10)(a)(ii) of the Women’s Charter. The significance of this
point is that if the Husband’s arguments are accepted, then the increase in
value of these assets resulting from his alleged improvements would also be
subject to division (see UJF v UJG at [59]), in addition to the proportions of
these assets which were “acquired” during the period of the marriage through
mortgage instalments.

23 The element of “substantial improvement” requires that a direct causal
connection be shown between the contributions of the relevant party or parties
and the improvement of the asset (see Law and Practice of Family Law in
Singapore (Valerie Thean JC and Foo Siew Fong eds) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia,
2016) (“Law and Practice”) at para 4.2.21, citing Chen Siew Hwee v Low Kee
Guan (Wong Yong Yee, co-respondent) [2006] 4 SLR(R) 605). It also excludes de
minimis contributions (Shi Fang v Koh Pee Huat [1996] 1 SLR(R) 906 at
[41]–[43]).

24 The properties which the Husband alleges he “substantially improved” are
Robertson Quay Properties A and B, as well as the Compassvale Property. With
regard to Robertson Quay Property A, however, the Husband has not
substantiated how he improved the property. Although reference was made in his
written submissions to his first affidavit of assets and means, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 19.

the relevant sections cited only discussed his alleged improvements to
Robertson Quay Property B and the Compassvale Property. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Husband’s 1 December 2016 affidavit, paras 23–24.

I shall, therefore, only consider the alleged improvements to these
properties.

(1) Robertson Quay Property B

25 The Husband alleges that he substantially improved Robertson Quay Property
B because in 2012, he, together with the Wife, invested a total of $120,000 in
renovating and outfitting the premises to accommodate a café business. Some of
this money went towards purchasing equipment like ovens, chillers, heaters and
other utensils for the café business. Although the café business failed, the
Husband alleges that as a result of the parties’ investment, the new tenant
was able to enjoy the benefit of the newly renovated premises, alongside the
new equipment and utensils which the parties purchased. The Husband also
claims that he was involved in Strata Titles Boards proceedings brought by the
Wife against the MCST of the condominium development to secure approval for an
upgrade of the electrical supply for Robertson Quay Property B (“the STB
Proceedings”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Husband’s 1 December 2016 affidavit, para 23(d).

26 The Wife’s position is that the renovations to Robertson Quay Property B to
accommodate the parties’ café business did not substantially improve the
property. The unit was left vacant for two years after the parties ceased
operating the café business. When a new tenant occupied Robertson Quay
Property B, it disposed of all the equipment that came with the café and
renovated its interiors afresh. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Wife’s 14 May written submissions, paras 60–63.

Further, the Wife submits that the Husband was not involved in the STB
Proceedings, and that she solely paid for both the legal costs arising from
these STB Proceedings, as well as the works to upgrade the electrical supply.

27 In my judgment, the Husband has failed to establish that he “substantially
improved” Robertson Quay Property B. As for the parties’ joint investment in
renovating and outfitting the property for their café business, I find that
there is no direct causal connection between this joint contribution and any
improvement in the value of this asset. The Husband does not dispute the
Wife’s account that the unit was left vacant for two years after their café
business ceased, and that the new tenant renovated the premises entirely and
did not make use of whatever fixtures or equipment were left behind by the
parties from their defunct café business. As for the efforts that were made to
upgrade the electrical supply, the Husband has not furnished any details of
his alleged involvement in the STB Proceedings, save that he introduced the
Wife to the lawyer who represented her in the action against the MCST. Given
that the Wife was the party who funded the proceedings as well as all
upgrading works, I find that the Husband’s contribution was de minimis and
could not constitute a “substantial improvement”. For the avoidance of doubt,
any “substantial improvement” which the Wife may have made individually in
upgrading the electrical supply would not suffice to bring Robertson Quay
Property B within the definition of a matrimonial asset under s
112(10)(a)(ii), since that provision only applies where the substantial
improvements are made “by the other party (in this case, the Husband) or both
parties to the marriage”.

(2) The Compassvale Property

28 The Compassvale Property is a commercial shop unit located within a
condominium. The current tenant operates a childcare centre on the premises.
The Husband’s account of how he “substantially improved” the unit is as
follows: Sometime in January 2010, the parties relocated the main door of this
unit to the side facing the main road. The result of this was to make the unit
accessible from the main road, instead of only through the condominium, such
that parents would not have to enter the condominium to fetch their children
from the childcare centre. In the Husband’s submission, this has improved the
value of the property. After the repositioning of the main door was complete,
a dispute arose with the condominium’s MCST over whether the parties required
approval for their modifications to the property. The parties tried to secure
a 90% resolution approving their modifications to the Compassvale Property at
an annual general meeting of the subsidiary proprietors, but this proved
unsuccessful. The Husband then researched the law and formed the view that it
was unnecessary to obtain a 90% resolution. He wanted to take the MCST to
court over this issue. However, the chairman of the MCST persuaded the parties
“to keep the matter in abeyance”. Eventually, the Husband “realized that the
glass door opening [had] remained in existence for more than 6 years already
without any enforcement action being taken by the MCST”, and that the MCST was
therefore prevented from taking any action against the parties by virtue of
the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Husband’s 1 December 2016 affidavit, para 24.

In this way, he “fought hard, very hard for the [Wife] to secure this re-
positioning of the door”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Husband’s 1 December 2016 affidavit, para 24 (l).

29 The Wife’s position is that she was the party who liaised with the chairman
of the MCST, engaged an engineer, and paid the sum of $4,462 to secure the
repositioning of the door to the Compassvale Property. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, para 66(b).

Any involvement by the Husband was “minimal at best”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, para 67.

30 I agree with the Wife. The Husband cannot be said to have substantially
improved the Compassvale Property. Any enhancement in the value of the
property is attributable to the actual repositioning of the door, and the
actual repositioning of the door was paid for and arranged by the Wife. The
Husband’s involvement in the subsequent dispute that arose between the parties
and the condominium’s MCST was limited and bore no causal connection with the
enhancement of the property. Accordingly, I find that the language of s
112(1)(10)(a)(ii) of the Women’s Charter is inapplicable to the Compassvale
Property.

Valuing the matrimonial assets

Date for valuation of the Wife’s properties

31 A key point of disagreement between the parties relates to the appropriate
date for valuing the assets. The Wife takes the position that all matrimonial
assets ought to be valued as at 30 September 2016 (hereinafter, “the IJ Date”,
as parties have agreed to treat this as the date of interim judgment). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, para 19.

Since she has submitted that the pool of matrimonial assets ought to be
determined as of this date, “to maintain consistency”, she argues that the IJ
Date should also be used as the date on which to determine the value of the
assets. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, para 34.

32 The Husband argues that the value of the matrimonial assets should instead
be determined as at 31 December 2017 (hereinafter, “the AM Date”, as parties
have agreed to treat this as the date of the ancillary matters hearing). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 21.

In this regard, he cites TDT v TDS [2016] 4 SLR 145 (“TDT v TDS”) and TND v
TNC and another appeal [2017] SGCA 34 (“TND v TNC”) where the Court of Appeal
has affirmed the position that generally, the date of the ancillary matters
hearing is to be adopted for the purpose of valuing the matrimonial assets.
The Husband submits that in this case, there are no special circumstances
warranting a departure from this presumptive position. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 27.

33 I agree with the Husband that the matrimonial assets should be valued as at
the AM Date. I am bound by the Court of Appeal’s ruling in TDT v TDS at [50]
and I do not consider that there are exceptional facts which would justify a
departure from the default position. While the Wife argues that the
matrimonial assets should be valued as at the IJ Date “for consistency”
because the date for identifying the matrimonial assets is also the IJ Date, I
do not accept this argument. If the Wife’s position were correct, the default
position in every case would be that the date of interim judgment should be
used to value the matrimonial assets, since the default position is that the
matrimonial assets are identified as at the date of interim judgment (see ARY
v ARX [2016] 2 SLR 686 at [28]). That would run contrary to the holdings of
the Court of Appeal in TDT v TDS at [50] and TND v TNC at [19]–[20].

34 The appropriate date for valuation assumes particular significance in the
context of valuing the Wife’s real properties, since the market value of many
of these real properties is significantly higher as at the AM Date as compared
to the IJ Date. On the other hand, I note that in their Joint Summary of
Relevant Information (“JSRI”), the parties have stated their respective
positions as to the value of several matrimonial assets with reference to the
IJ Date instead of the AM Date. Some of these assets include bank accounts and
CPF accounts, but they also include several non-money assets such as a motor
vehicle, and shares.

35 In my view, it is appropriate to value the bank accounts and CPF accounts
as at the date of the interim judgment. These are unique assets in that their
value is tied to the quantum of funds therein. Accordingly, the value of such
assets in the pool of matrimonial assets at the ancillary matters date should
be substantially similar to that as at the interim judgment date. As for the
non-money assets, however, these should rightly have been valued as at the
ancillary matters date, but the Wife did not provide disclosure of the updated
values of these assets as at the AM Date. Given the limitations in the
evidence, and since the parties had both stated the value of these assets with
reference to the IJ Date in their JSRI, I shall adopt the IJ Date as the
operative date in valuing these assets. In this regard, although the Husband
has in fact disclosed an updated valuation of his shares as of the AM Date
(such value having increased by about $3,000 since the IJ Date), 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

H-1, para 18.

as a matter of fairness I shall adopt the valuation agreed on in the JSRI,
which is determined with reference to the IJ Date.

Agreed values

36 The parties have agreed on the values of the following matrimonial assets:
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, paras 75–76; Husband’s 21 August 2018
amended written submissions, paras 90–91; JSRI, pp 9–14.

Agreed Values  
---  
| Asset| Amount ($)  
Wife’s Assets| CPF account| 161,088.48  
Unit Trusts| 13,627.65  
Moneys held by Husband’s counsel as stakeholders in relation to the forfeiture
of a property at Fraser Street, including refund of stamp duty from IRAS (it
should be noted that this is a different property from the “Fraser Street
Property” mentioned at [10(b)] above)| 219,422.02  
Husband’s Assets| CPF account| 51,544.85  
POSB bank account (“POSB Bank Account A”)| 50,822.24  
Insurance policies| 6,174.45  
Shares (as at IJ date)| 16,205.00  
  
Disputed values

37 The assets whose values are disputed between the parties may broadly be
grouped as follows:

(a) Assets other than real property;

(b) Wife’s real property.

I shall discuss each of these categories in turn.

(1) Assets other than real property

38 The parties disagree over the value of (a) the Wife’s motor vehicle, (b)
the Wife’s shares, and (c) the Wife’s bank accounts. There is also the further
issue of the value of the Husband’s bank accounts (apart from POSB Bank
Account A).

Wife’s motor vehicle

39 As for the Wife’s motor vehicle, a European car, the Wife submits that it
is worth $48,000. While the Husband accepts this valuation, he argues that it
fails to take into account the additional value of the Wife’s unique license
plate number (two letters followed by a two-digit number), which, the Husband
asserts, is worth about $100,000. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

JSRI, p 11 (item 13).

In support of his assertion that the license plate is “worth no less than
$100,000”, the Husband has exhibited a list of “Bidded Car Plate Numbers for
Sale” from the website sgCarMart.com. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Husband’s 22 November 2017 affidavit, pp 68–71.

The Wife’s license plate number is, itself, not listed for sale in this
document. A closer look at the exhibit shows that of the fifty unique two-
digit license plate numbers listed for sale therein, about a quarter of the
sellers have listed asking prices of less than $5,000, about half have listed
asking prices of between $5,000 and $20,000, and about a quarter have listed
asking prices in excess of $20,000. Only two sellers have listed asking prices
in excess of $100,000. It is clear that the Husband’s estimate that the Wife’s
license plate number is worth $100,000 is excessive and unsupported by the
evidence. The evidence does suggest, however, that the asking prices for
license plate numbers with a format similar to the Wife’s tend to be higher,
and were generally in excess of $30,000. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Husband’s 22 November 2017 affidavit, pp 69–70.

On the other hand, it is doubtful that the asking price for these license
plate numbers is an accurate indication of their true market value, and some
discount should be applied to account for this. Taking the evidence in the
round, I consider $25,000 to be a fair estimate of the value of the Wife’s
license plate number. Thus, the value of the motor vehicle is $73,000 ($48,000
+ $25,000).

Wife’s shares

40 The Wife claims that the total value of her shareholding is $293,471.08. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, para 75 (p 30).

The Husband’s position is that the Wife’s shares are worth $321,102.71. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 90.

According to the parties’ remarks in the JSRI, this difference in position is
attributable to the fact that the Husband derived the total value of the
Wife’s shareholding from figures reflected in the main body of the Wife’s
first affidavit of assets and means. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

JSRI, p 10 (item 11).

It appears that the figures stated in the main body of the Wife’s first
affidavit of assets and means are erroneous. They do not accurately reflect
the value of the Wife’s shares in Keppel Corp, Super Group, “FID-Amer A” and
“FT-Global AS” as stated in the Wife’s Singapore Exchange statements, which
are appended to the same affidavit. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Wife’s 1 December 2016 affidavit, p 238.

Thus, the accurate value of the Wife’s shareholding is instead $293,471.08,
based on the following breakdown:

Shares| Value  
---|---  
United Asia Pacific Infrastructure Fund| $5,563.08  
Eucon| $1,950.00  
Golden Agri-Res| $11,005.00  
New Silkroutes| $13,400.00  
Super Group (33,400 shares)| $26,553.00  
Keppel Corp| $53,900.00  
Super Group (19,600 shares)| $15,582.00  
FID-Amer A| $95,078.00  
FT-Global AS| $70,440.00  
TOTAL| $293,471.08  
  
Wife’s bank accounts

41 The Wife’s position is that, at IJ Date, her bank accounts had funds worth
$86,266.78. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, para 75 (p 30).

The Husband’s position is that the Wife’s bank accounts had funds worth
$98,847.91 at this date. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 90.

This $12,581 difference in valuation is largely attributable to the fact that
the Husband’s computation of the value of the Wife’s bank accounts includes a
$12,000 “OCBC 5 yr SGD Equity-Linked” structured deposit. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

JSRI, pp 9–10 (Husband’s remarks on item 9).

The Wife does not dispute that this structured deposit forms part of her
assets, but she has included it under the heading of “unit trusts” in her
submissions and her ancillary matters fact and position sheet. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, para 75 (p 30).

Since the agreed valuation of her unit trusts as stated in the JSRI
($13,627.65 – see [36] above) did not take this structured deposit into
account, it is appropriate that this structured deposit be included in the
computed value of the Wife’s bank accounts.

42 As for the remaining difference of $581 between the Husband’s valuation and
the Wife’s valuation, this difference is due to the fact that, according to
the Husband, the Wife’s computation fails to take into account a sum of
$395.05 in the Wife’s UOB Global Currency account, and a sum of $186.08 in the
Wife’s OCBC EasiCredit account. I find that the Husband’s claims are supported
by the Wife’s bank statements, save that in relation to the Wife’s UOB Global
Currency Account, the Husband appears to have derived the figure of $395.05 as
the Singapore-dollar value of the balance of US$297.03 in this account as at
the IJ Date. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

JSRI, pp 9–10 (Husband’s remarks on item 9); Wife’s 1 December 2016 affidavit,
pp 211 (UOB Global Currency) and 363 (OCBC EasiCredit).

However, applying the prevailing exchange rate of US$1 = S$1.3656 as at this
date, the Singapore-dollar value of the balance is $405.62. Thus, taking into
account this sum, as well as the sum of $186.08 in the Wife’s OCBC EasiCredit
account, and the $12,000 OCBC structured deposit, the accurate value of the
Wife’s bank accounts is $98,858.48.

Husband’s bank accounts in his sole name

43 The Husband claims that a POSB account in his sole name (“POSB Bank Account
B”) as well as a UOB One account in his sole name (“UOB One Account”) have a
combined value of $42,012.58. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 91.

It is not clear how this figure is derived. The Husband did not disclose his
bank account statements as of the IJ Date for both of these accounts. The
closest date to the IJ Date for which bank account statements are in evidence
is 31 August 2016. As of this date, there were funds of $1,133.06 in POSB
Account B, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

H-1, p 25.

and funds of $43,069.31 in the UOB One Account. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

H-1, p 48.

I adopt these figures. Thus, the value of these two bank accounts is a total
of $44,202.37.

(2) Wife’s real properties

44 Broadly speaking, the Wife’s real properties may be divided into two
categories: (a) properties which were acquired after the marriage, as well as
the Sunrise Close Property which is the matrimonial home; and (b) the Pre-
Marriage Properties. The full net value of the assets acquired after the
marriage and the matrimonial home should be included in the pool of
matrimonial assets. On the other hand, with regard to the Pre-Marriage
Properties, only a part of the value corresponding to the portion of the asset
which was acquired during the marriage should be included in the matrimonial
pool (see [20] above). I will discuss these two categories in turn.

Properties purchased after marriage and matrimonial Home

45 Both parties proffered competing valuations of the Wife’s real properties.
The Husband obtained valuation reports for some of the properties as at the AM
Date from Allied Appraisal Consultants Pte Ltd (“Allied”). He claims he did
not obtain valuation reports for the other properties owing to costs
constraints. As for the Wife, perhaps because she took the position that the
matrimonial assets should be valued as at the IJ Date, up until 11 April 2018,
she only obtained valuation reports for her properties as at the IJ Date from
Premas Valuers & Property Consultants (“Premas”). On 11 April 2018, however,
in her fourth affidavit of assets and means, the Wife sought to provide an
updated valuation of her properties as at the AM Date by Premas. The Husband
complains that this “updated valuation” simply took the form of a “Whatsapp”
message from Premas, purportedly stating the updated values of the properties
without any supporting information as to how these figures were derived. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 29.

46 As discussed at [33] above, I am of the view that the AM Date is the
appropriate date for valuation. As between the Husband’s valuations which were
obtained from Allied and the Wife’s “valuations” as at the AM Date from
Premas, I find that the Husband’s valuations are to be preferred. I agree with
the Husband that the evidence relied on by the Wife – a screen capture of a
Whatsapp message from Premas which does not even identify the properties by
address but refers to the properties as “Ppty 1” through “Ppty 17” – is
unsatisfactory. In contrast, Allied’s valuation reports state that the basis
of each valuation is a comparison with recent transactions of comparable
properties within the vicinity, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

See eg Husband’s 3rd affidavit of assets and means, 27 February 2018, pp 658.

and include the factors which were taken into account. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Husband’s 3rd affidavit of assets and means, 27 February 2018, pp 611–666.

I see no reason to doubt the objectivity and credibility of these valuations.
They are, to some extent, corroborated by the Wife’s updated “valuations” from
Premas in that, although Premas’s updated valuations are lower than Allied’s,
they are significantly higher than Premas’s own valuations as at IJ Date and
thus show that the market value of the properties has increased significantly
as of the AM Date. For these reasons, I shall adopt the values proffered by
Allied for the properties in respect of which the Husband has obtained
valuation reports. I set out these properties and their respective values in
the following table:

Property| Allied’s valuation ($)  
---|---  
The Sunrise Close Property| $3,500,000  
Bukit Batok Property A| $2,500,000  
Bukit Batok Property B| $2,300,000  
Alexandra Property A| $750,000  
Alexandra Property B| $5,500,000  
  
47 The Husband did not obtain valuation reports in respect of the Telok Kurau
Property and the Changi Road Property. His position is that the Telok Kurau
Property is worth $1,280,000, and that the Changi Road Property is worth
$1,180,000. The basis for both these figures is that they are the asking
prices at which the Wife has listed these properties for sale on the website
www.commercialguru.com.sg. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, paras 53, 68 and 69.

According to the Wife’s valuations obtained from Premas, the value of the
Telok Kurau Property as at the AM Date is $1,000,000, while the value of the
Changi Road Property at the same date is $750,000. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Wife’s affidavit for ancillary matters, 11 April 2018, pp 188–189 (items 14
and 16 at p 189).

48 I do not consider that the asking price which the Wife has listed on
www.commercialguru.com.sg is an accurate indication of the market value of
these properties, since there is nothing to suggest that a willing buyer would
actually offer to purchase these properties at the prices which the Wife has
listed. While I have reservations about the manner in which the Wife has
adduced the updated valuations from Premas, the Husband has not offered a
credible alternative estimate of the true market value of these properties.
Allied’s valuations, however, suggest that Premas’ valuation of the properties
as at the AM Date may have been somewhat conservative. In the circumstances, I
consider it appropriate to gauge the market value of these properties by
applying a slight 10% uplift to Premas’s figures. Thus, the values of the
Telok Kurau Property and the Changi Road Property are as stated in the
following table:

Property| Premas’s value| Court’s finding as to market value  
---|---|---  
The Telok Kurau Property| $1,000,000| $1,100,000  
The Changi Road Property| $750,000| $825,000  
  
49 The above analysis relates to the gross value of the properties which the
Wife purchased after marriage and the matrimonial home. To obtain the net
value of these properties, it is necessary to deduct from the gross value the
outstanding liabilities against each of the properties as at the AM Date. The
table below sets out the net value of all properties purchased after the
marriage as well as the matrimonial home:

Property| Gross value| Outstanding liabilities as at AM Date 42

##### Foot Note 42

× H-3; Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submission, paras 58, 62, 63, 67, 74, 55 and 69 (in respective order as listed in the table below). | Net Value  
---|---|---|---  
The Sunrise Close Property| $3,500,000.00| $1,430,899.49| $2,069,100.51  
Bukit Batok Property A| $2,500,000.00| $1,269,794.53| $1,230,205.47  
Bukit Batok Property B| $2,300,000.00| $1,199,007.50| $1,100,992.50  
Alexandra Property A| $750,000.00| $664,292.87| $85,707.13  
Alexandra Property B| $5,500,000.00| $3,578,421.69| $1,921,578.31  
The Telok Kurau Property| $1,100,000.00| $645,016.31| $454,983.69  
The Changi Road Property| $825,000.00| $517,017.56| $307,982.44  
  
50 This leaves me to address the value of the Fraser Street Property, which
was forfeited to the developer in September 2017. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 32; Wife’s 14 May
2018 written submissions, para 75 (p 28, item 3).

The Husband accepts that when the Fraser Street Property was forfeited to the
developer, the Wife received a total of $454,887.95 in proceeds, and thus,
this is the net value to be included in the pool of matrimonial assets. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 32;

Pre-Marriage Properties disposed of after Interim Judgment

51 I turn to address the value of the Pre-Marriage Properties, beginning with
the values which should be attributed to the Bedok North Property and the
Woodleigh Property. As noted at [21] above, these properties were sold by the
Wife in the period between the grant of interim judgment and the ancillary
matters hearings. As will be seen, the parties dispute whether the Wife
utilised the proceeds in the way that she claims she did, and whether the
proceeds which the Wife received should be included in the pool of matrimonial
assets.

52 As for the Bedok North Property, the Wife sold this property for $2,390,000
in July 2017. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Wife’s affidavit for ancillary matters, 27 February 2018, p 81.

A sum of $442,299.80 was paid to the mortgagee bank, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Wife’s affidavit for ancillary matters, 27 February 2018, pp 72 and 83;
Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 42.

and, after several payments were made towards transaction costs and legal
costs, the Wife received net sale proceeds of $1,867,587.45. However, the
Husband highlights that in addition to $1,867,587.45, a cheque of $51,146.00
was drawn from the proceeds in favour of the Wife’s real estate agency. The
Husband argues that this cheque was “presumably … commission for the sale”,
and since the Wife was the real estate salesperson involved in the sale, this
sum must ultimately have been paid to her. Thus, the Husband claims that the
proceeds which the Wife received, and which should be added to the pool of
matrimonial assets, is $1,918,733.45 ($1,867,587.45 + $51,146.00).

53 The Wife’s position, as alluded to above, is that the Bedok North Property
is not a matrimonial asset and therefore no part of the sales proceeds should
be included in the pool. In any event, she has claimed that she utilised the
proceeds of the sale of the Bedok North Property, inter alia, to inject funds
as working capital into her various companies, to make certain mortgage
payments in respect of the Telok Kurau Property and Robertson Quay Properties
A and B, and, in large part, to pay off some $1,141,249.44 worth of credit
card loans which she claims she had taken to cope with her monthly payments on
two properties which she purchased at Fraser Street (including the Fraser
Street Property and another unit in the same development). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Wife’s affidavit for ancillary matters, 27 February 2018, para 8; Letters from
Wife’s counsel at Husband’s 3rd affidavit of assets and means, pp 238–249.

54 As for the Woodleigh Property, it was sold for a price of $1,188,888. It
seems the Wife received $249,294.92 of the sale proceeds. The remainder was
used for various legal and transactional costs, while $864,060.05 was used
towards repayment of a $960,000 loan from Ethoz Capital Ltd (“Ethoz Capital”).
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Wife’s affidavit for ancillary matters, 27 February 2018, p 73.

The Husband highlights that this loan from Ethoz Capital was taken out in
October 2016, after the grant of interim judgment. He thus submits that this
liability ought to be disregarded. In this respect, he cites Wan Lai Cheng v
Quek Seow Kee [2012] 4 SLR 405 (“Wan Lai Cheng”) for the proposition that upon
the commencement of divorce proceedings, neither spouse is entitled to incur
liabilities on any matrimonial assets for his or her sole benefit to the
detriment of the other spouse, and that a spouse who does so will be solely
liable for any liabilities so incurred (at [67]). While the Wife claims that
she took the loan from Ethoz Capital in order to cope with mortgage payments,
the Husband contends that there is no evidence to support this assertion, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 47.

and suggests that the Wife has not shown that this fresh liability was
incurred for the joint benefit of the parties.

55 In assessing whether, and to what extent, the proceeds of the Bedok North
and Woodleigh Properties ought to be included in the matrimonial pool, I am
guided by the following considerations:

56 First, as established by the Court of Appeal in TNL v TNK and another
appeal and another matter [2017] 1 SLR 609 (“TNL v TNK”) at [24], if one
spouse expends a substantial sum of money in the period when divorce
proceedings are imminent, or after interim judgment is granted but before
ancillary matters are concluded, such sums must be returned to the asset pool
if the other spouse is considered to have at least a putative interest in that
sum of money and has not consented to the expenditure. This applies regardless
of whether the expenditure was a deliberate attempt to dissipate matrimonial
assets or was for the benefit of the children or other relatives. In that
case, the parties had sold a jointly-owned apartment when divorce proceedings
were already imminent. The husband claimed he had used part of the sale
proceeds to buy a car for the parties’ son, to repay a car loan, to help the
parties’ son to purchase a HDB flat, to loan money to a friend and to buy
shares in a friend’s name. The Court of Appeal held that the entire sale
proceeds should be returned to the asset pool. The wife had not only a
putative interest but an actual interest in the proceeds from the sale of the
apartment (since she was a joint owner of the apartment) and as she had not
consented to the husband’s expenditure, the husband should bear these
expenditures personally and in full (at [23]–[25]).

57 Secondly, the decision of the Court of Appeal in Wan Lai Cheng suggests
that it may be acceptable for a party to incur fresh liabilities on
matrimonial assets after the commencement of divorce proceedings if such
liabilities are incurred for the benefit of both spouses (at [68] per Andrew
Phang Boon Leong JA). In Wan Lai Cheng, the court found that the liabilities
incurred on certain matrimonial properties had increased significantly since
the wife had filed for divorce. Since the husband had never suggested that
these liabilities were incurred for the benefit of both parties, the court was
entitled to infer that they had been incurred for the sole benefit of the
husband, and that those liabilities should therefore be disregarded for the
purposes of determining the net value of these properties. (at [68]). This
suggests that if the court had been satisfied that the liabilities were
incurred for the parties’ joint benefit, it might have been prepared to take
these fresh liabilities into account in ascertaining the value of the
matrimonial assets.

58 Drawing the principles from these two authorities together, upon the
commencement of divorce proceedings, if a party comes into funds in which the
other party has a putative interest, that party ought to seek the other
party’s consent before any expenditure of a substantial sum, failing which
that party may be required to bear that payment personally by returning the
sum to the asset pool. There is nothing to suggest that the Court of Appeal’s
remarks in TNL v TNK at [24] are inapplicable when the intended expenditure is
the payment of some existing liability which would ultimately be to the
benefit of both parties (such as, for instance, if the Wife used the proceeds
of the Bedok North Property to pay the mortgage on another of the matrimonial
properties). Even in such a situation, it is necessary for the party intending
to expend the sum to obtain the other party’s consent. Nevertheless, if the
party who has not obtained prior consent is able to prove that the sum in
question was applied for the parties’ joint benefit in the sense that it was
used to pay off an existing liability which would otherwise have been
deductible against the matrimonial assets, then the party which expended the
sum in question may not be required to bear this cost personally, and will not
be required to return the sum so expended to the asset pool.

59 Applying this reasoning to the present facts, I was of the view that the
Wife ought to have kept the Husband apprised of any sale of her assets; and
having received the proceeds from such sale, she ought to have sought the
Husband’s consent before expending any substantial sum. Nevertheless, if there
is sufficient evidence to support a finding that the Wife applied the proceeds
towards mortgage payments on her properties (which form part of the
matrimonial assets), it would not be fair to require the Wife to restore these
sums to the pool of assets. This is especially so given that the net values of
the various matrimonial properties are obtained by deducting the outstanding
mortgage liability as at the AM Date from the gross value. If, however, there
is insufficient evidence that any sum was applied towards such liabilities,
then the Wife ought to be required to restore these sums to the asset pool.

60 Of the Bedok North Property proceeds, I was satisfied, and the Husband
appears to accept, that the Wife had applied $8,858.70 towards the payment of
mortgage instalments for the Telok Kurau Property and Robertson Quay
Properties A and B, while a further $20,220 was used to make a payment to Hong
Leong Finance for capital repayment of the mortgage on the Telok Kurau
Property. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Husband’s 3rd affidavit of assets and means, 27 February 2018, para 112 and,
pp 242 (para (g)) and 249 (items 11–13 and 27).

These sums should be deducted from the sale proceeds of the Bedok North
Property to be included in the pool of matrimonial assets. As for the
remainder of the sales proceeds, the Wife claims that she used them to inject
working capital into her companies and to pay off her credit card loans and
income taxes. Applying TNL v TNK at [24], these sums ought to be returned to
the asset pool because they were expended without the Husband’s consent. In
any event, the Wife has quantified her liabilities (as reflected in her
ancillary matters facts and position sheet and in her submissions) as at IJ
Date and this includes her existing credit card loans as at that date. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Wife’s ancillary matters facts and position sheet, pp 18–19; Wife’s 14 May
2018 written submissions, para 75 (see “Less Liabilities”).

As will be seen, the pool of matrimonial assets is being valued by deducting
the Wife’s liabilities (frozen as at the time of the commencement of divorce
proceedings) from the total value of the assets (see [83] below). Those
liabilities would essentially be double-counted if the court were then to also
exclude whatever value of the Bedok North Property sales proceeds that have
been applied to discharge those liabilities.

61 As for the Husband’s claim that because a cheque of $51,146 was drawn in
favour of the Wife’s real estate agency, this must mean that this sum was
eventually given to the Wife as the real estate salesperson, I do not think
there is sufficient evidence to support such an inference. Thus, I find that
the net value of the Bedok North Property is $1,867,587.46 less the sums which
were applied towards mortgage payments ($8,858.70 and $20,220), which yields a
figure of $1,838,508.76.

62 With regard to the Woodleigh Property, $864,060.05 out of the total
proceeds of $1,188,888 were applied towards the repayment of a $960,000 loan
from Ethoz Capital taken out against the Woodleigh Property on 31 October
2016. The question is whether this loan was incurred for the Wife’s “sole
benefit”, in which case the Wife ought to be required to restore the sum of
$864,060.05 to the pool of matrimonial assets. If, on the other hand, I accept
the Wife’s argument that she used the loan to pay for the mortgages on her
properties, then this loan would have been for the parties “joint benefit” in
that it has improved the overall net value of the assets in the matrimonial
pool.

63 The Husband contends that the Wife has not adduced any evidence to show
that the loan of $960,000 from Ethoz Capital was applied towards mortgage
payments, as the Wife claims. In my view, however, there is sufficient
evidence to indicate, on a balance of probabilities, that the loan was applied
in this manner. First, on a comparison of the Wife’s outstanding liabilities
against her various properties between the IJ Date and the AM Date, the Wife
reduced her total mortgage liabilities from $15,092,986.03 to $13,774,557.87.
52

##### Foot Note 52

×

H-3.

This was a reduction of about $1.32m. It is not entirely clear what source of
funds the Wife used to fund these mortgage payments. However, the Wife has
adduced an accountant’s report which suggests that as of 31 August 2016, her
total annual rental income was about $527,000, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Affidavit of Soo Choon Kiat, 22 November 2017, p 11.

which suggests that she could not have relied on such rental income alone to
fund her mortgage payments. The accountant’s report also supports the Wife’s
claim that generally, she was having a difficult time meeting her monthly
financial obligations. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Affidavit of Soo Choon Kiat, 22 November 2017, p 7.

On balance, it is more likely than not that the loan taken from Ethoz was
applied towards the Wife’s various mortgage payments. I therefore find that
the net value of the Woodleigh Property is $249,294.92 (see [54] above).

64 However, as noted at [20] above, the court should not take the whole value
of these assets as being included in the pool, but only that part of the
acquisition that coincides with the period of the marriage (UJF v UJG at
[62]). The value to be included in the matrimonial pool for each of these
assets will be discussed at [75] and [78] below.

Other Pre-Marriage Properties

65 The Husband obtained valuation reports from Allied in respect of the
Compassvale Property, Telok Blangah Properties A and B, and the Marina
Boulevard Property. The Wife’s valuation reports by Premas valued these
properties as at the IJ Date. As mentioned earlier, the Wife later adduced
updated “valuations” of these properties in the form of a Whatsapp message
from Premas personnel. For the same reasons discussed at [45] above, I
consider it appropriate to adopt the values proffered by Allied for the
properties in respect of which the Husband has obtained valuation reports. I
set out these properties and their respective values in the following table:

Property| Allied’s valuation ($) 55

##### Foot Note 55

× Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, paras 75 and 82.  
---|---  
Telok Blangah Property A| 1,500,000  
Telok Blangah Property B| 1,500,000  
The Compassvale Property| 1,200,000  
  
66 As for the Robertson Quay Properties, Premas’s updated valuations suggest
that Roberson Quay Property A is worth $1,300,000 while Robertson Quay
Property B is worth $1,150,000 as at the AM Date. The Husband values Roberson
Quay Property A at $1,410,626.22 and Robertson Quay Property B at
$1,244,896.91. These valuations are based on the listing of a similar property
on www.commercialguru.com. For the reasons discussed at [48] above, I consider
that the asking prices listed on this website are not an accurate indication
of the market value as it is unclear whether any buyer would actually purchase
the property in question at the listed price. Adopting a similar approach as
that described in [48] above, I consider it appropriate to gauge the market
value of these properties by applying a 10% uplift to Premas’s figures. Thus,
the values of Robertson Quay Properties A and B are $1,430,000 and $1,265,000
respectively.

67 As for the Marina Boulevard Property, there is only a slight difference
between Premas’s valuation of the property as at the AM Date ($1,950,000) and
the Husband’s proffered valuation of $2,000,000 which is based on an Urban
Redevelopment Authority Caveat Listing dated December 2017 showing that an
apartment unit in the same development sold for a price of $27,011 per square
metre. A closer look at the document cited by the Husband, however, shows that
many of the other units sold in December 2017 transacted at a much lower price
on a per-square-metre basis. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

H-3

In the circumstances, I prefer to adopt Premas’s valuation of $1,950,000.

68 Finally, in respect of the Leedon Property, the Husband accepts the Wife’s
valuation of $950,000, and I shall, therefore, also adopt this figure.

69 To summarise, the table below sets out the net value of the Pre-Marriage
Properties.

Property| Gross value ($)| Outstanding liabilities as at AM Date 57

##### Foot Note 57

× Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submission, paras 58, 62, 63, 67, 74, 55 and 69 (in respective order as listed in the table below). | Net Value  
---|---|---|---  
Telok Blangah Property A| 1,500,000.00| 549,455.48| 950,544.52  
Telok Blangah Property B| 1,500,000.00| 472,125.39| 1,027,874.61  
Compassvale Property| 1,200,000.00| 415,916.57| 784,083.43  
Marina Boulevard Property| 1,950,000.00| 1,229,407.30| 720,592.70  
Robertson Quay Property A| 1,430,000.00| 422,286.50| 1,007,713.50  
Robertson Quay Property B| 1,265,000.00| 511,550.37| 753,449.63  
Leedon Property| 950,000.00| 562,136.31| 387,863.69  
Bedok North Property| -| -| 1,838,509.00  
Woodleigh Property| -| -| 249,294.92  
  
Pre-Marriage Properties: Value to be included in Asset Pool

70 As noted above, it is not the full value of the Pre-Marriage Properties
which should be included in the pool of matrimonial assets, but only a portion
representing the extent of acquisition during the marriage (see UJF v UJG at
[123] and BHN v BHO at [36] and [41]). The method which the court uses to
determine this portion will depend on the available evidence. In UJF v UJG at
[123], Aedit Abdullah J explained his approach to ascertaining the portion of
the asset values which represented the parties’ acquisition of that asset
during the marriage, in the following terms:

…[W]here the acquisition during marriage is part of a transaction dating from
before the marriage, only a pro-rata portion should be taken as part of the
distributable value…Since there is no clear evidence on how much exactly was
paid during the course of marriage for this latter category of properties, I
have just taken the contribution of the parties to be proportional to the
increase in value of the assets and, in the absence of any other evidence,
used that to determine the respective contributions out of the whole pool.
[emphasis added]

71 In BHN v BHO, the plaintiff wife had purchased an apartment unit before the
marriage, but had continued to service the housing loan through her CPF
contributions during the marriage. Belinda Ang J sought to ascertain “what
portion of [the apartment’s] present value…should be considered a matrimonial
asset” (at [41]). However, the plaintiff had only furnished the court with
evidence of her total amount of CPF contributions which were used for the
purchase of the apartment from the time of purchase. The court had no
information as to the original purchase price of the apartment, and how much
was in the plaintiff’s CPF account prior to the marriage (which would have
allowed the court to determine the exact amount of CPF contribution during the
marriage). Given these limitations, Ang J found that the plaintiff’s total CPF
contributions towards the purchase of the property could be used as the
minimum figure to be attributed notionally to the pool of matrimonial assets.
She noted, however, that in reality a higher amount probably represented the
plaintiff’s contributions during the marriage, because the property had
increased in value (at [41]). These authorities demonstrate that the formula
which the court adopts will depend on the information which is available in
respect of the property in question.

72 In the present case, the aim is to determine what portion of the net value
of each property as at the AM Date (ie, the market price less outstanding
liabilities) was acquired through the Wife’s mortgage payments during the
marriage. Expressed as a fraction, the proportion of the net value of each
property which was acquired during the marriage may be stated as follows:

![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Where x = amount paid towards acquisition of each property during the marriage
(ie, between the date of the marriage and the IJ Date),

y = total amount paid towards acquisition of each property as at the AM Date,

and N = net value of the property (ie, market value less outstanding
liabilities) as at the AM Date.

73 For Telok Blangah Property A, Telok Blangah Property B, and Robertson Quay
Property A, it is possible to obtain x, the absolute amount which the Wife
paid towards each property during the course of the marriage, by deducting the
outstanding loan as at the IJ Date from the outstanding loan as of the date of
the marriage. To obtain y, the total amount which was paid towards the
acquisition of each property as at the AM Date, the outstanding liabilities as
at the AM Date may be deducted from the purchase price. This fraction x over
y, expressed as a percentage, is the percentage of the net value of each
property which should be attributed to the pool of matrimonial assets. On this
basis, the value of Telok Blangah Properties A and B and Robertson Quay
Property A which is subject to division is as follows:

Property| Amount to be attributed to pool of matrimonial assets  
---|---  
Telok Blangah Property A| Original purchase price: 58

##### Foot Note 58

× Wife’s 23 March 2017 affidavit, p 1057. $900,000Amount paid for during
marriage: 59

##### Foot Note 59

× H-3  
$714,206.99 — $585,387.33 = $128,819.66Total amount paid towards acquisition
of asset as at AM Date = $900,000 — $549,455.48 = $350,544.52% of net value of
asset which was acquired during marriage:  
![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)Amount
to be attributed to pool: 36.75% of net value of $950,544.42 = $349,325.11.  
Telok Blangah Property B| Original purchase price: 60

##### Foot Note 60

× Wife’s 23 March 2017 affidavit, p 1051. $889,000Amount paid for during
marriage: 61

##### Foot Note 61

× H-3.  
$674,122.48 — $521,953.41 = $152,169.07Total amount paid towards acquisition
of asset as at AM Date  
= $889,000 — $472,125.39 = $416,874.61% of net value of asset paid for during
marriage:  
![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)Amount
to be attributed to pool: 36.50% of net value of $1,027,874.61 = $375,174.23  
Robertson Quay Property A| Original purchase price: 62

##### Foot Note 62

× Wife’s 23 March 2017 affidavit, p 919. $700,000Amount paid for during
marriage: 63

##### Foot Note 63

× H-3.  
$557,693.00 — $450,211.57 = $107,481.43Total amount paid towards acquisition
of asset as at AM Date =  
$700,000 — $422,286.50 = $277,713.50% of net value of asset paid for during
marriage:  
![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)Amount
to be attributed to pool: 38.70% of net value of $1,007,713.50 = $389,985.12  
  
74 With respect to the Leedon Property, there is no information before the
court as to the total outstanding liabilities on this property as at the date
of the marriage. However, the Wife appears to have taken out a housing loan of
$632,280 for this property sometime around November 2011. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Wife’s 11 April 2018 affidavit, pp 5–6 and 33.

In the absence of evidence as to how much, if any, the Wife paid towards the
acquisition of the property between the marriage in February 2011 and the date
on which the housing loan was first disbursed in November 2011, I shall simply
assume that apart from the housing loan of $632,280, the remainder of the
purchase price was paid for before the marriage. On this basis, the value of
the Leedon Property which is subject to division is calculated as follows:

Leedon Property| Original purchase price: 65

##### Foot Note 65

× Wife’s 23 March 2017 affidavit, p 1107. $890,400Amount paid for during
marriage (housing loan from OCBC taken around November 2011): 66

##### Foot Note 66

× Wife’s 11 April 2018 affidavit, pp 5–6 and 33.  
$623,280 — $596,323.13 = $26,956.87Total amount paid towards acquisition of
asset as at AM Date  
= $890,400 — $562,136.31 = $328,263.69% of net value of asset paid for during
marriage:  
![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)Amount
to be attributed to pool: 8.21% of net value of $387,863.69 = $31,843.61  
---|---  
  
75 As the Bedok North Property was sold in July 2017 (see [52] above), the
formula used above must be modified slightly. The amount which the Wife paid
towards the acquisition of this property, x, is still to be derived by
deducting the outstanding loan as at the IJ Date from the outstanding loan as
of the date of the marriage. However, the total amount which was paid towards
the acquisition of this property, y, is derived by deducting the outstanding
liabilities as of the time of sale (July 2017) from the original purchase
price. I assume that the sum of $442,299.80 which was paid to the mortgagee
bank (see [52] above) represented the outstanding liabilities as at the time
of the sale. Thus, the portion of the Bedok North Property proceeds which is
subject to division may be calculated as follows:

Bedok North Property| Original purchase price: 67

##### Foot Note 67

× Wife’s 23 March 2017 affidavit, p 1045. $800,000Amount paid for during
marriage: 68

##### Foot Note 68

× H-3  
$581,345.35 — $455,315.80 = $126,029.55Total amount paid to acquire asset as
at time of sale:  
$800,000 — $442,299.80 = $357,700.20% of net value of asset paid for during
marriage:  
![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)Amount
to be attributed to pool: 35.23% of net value of $1,838,509 = $647,706.72.  
---|---  
  
76 The following Pre-Marriage Properties have been omitted from the analysis
so far: the Marina Boulevard Property, the Woodleigh Property, Robertson Quay
Property B and the Compassvale Property. I shall, in the following paragraphs,
explain the deficiencies in the evidence with regard to each of these
properties and why I have adopted a different approach to quantifying what
portion of the asset should be included in the pool of matrimonial assets.

77 With regard to the Marina Boulevard Property, the difficulty is that there
is no evidence as to its original purchase price, and therefore no means by
which the court can discern how much was paid towards the acquisition of the
asset as at the AM Date. The Wife has disclosed what appears to be an offer to
purchase in respect of the Marina Boulevard Property, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Wife’s 23 March 2017 affidavit, p 1112.

but oddly, it does not state the purchase price. It is nevertheless necessary
for the court to come to some estimate of the value to be included in the
matrimonial pool, using the available evidence. Based on a comparison between
the outstanding liabilities as at the date of the marriage and the IJ Date, I
conclude that mortgage payments of $402,312.23 were made during the marriage.
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

H-3.

Assuming that the Wife made these payments, and assuming the purchase price of
the property was the same as its current gross value of $1,950,000, the total
amount which was paid towards the acquisition of this asset may be derived by
deducting the outstanding liabilities as at the AM date from this notional
purchase price. On this basis, the value of the Marina Boulevard Property
which is subject to division is calculated as follows:

Marina Boulevard Property| Original purchase price (assumed): $1,950,000Amount
paid for during marriage: 71

##### Foot Note 71

× H-3  
$1,723,999.99 — $1,321,687.76 = $402,312.23Total amount paid towards
acquisition of asset as at AM Date:  
$1,950,000 — $1,229,407.30 = $720,592.70% of net value of asset paid for
during marriage:  
![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)Amount
to be attributed to pool: ![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAgAAAAbCAYAAABBTc6+AAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAACoSURBVDhPvZJhDcQgDIUxgwtMIAoHOEABCjCAAQxgAAFdXrdubbK7+3PbSwh53be12aujH/ozUEqhWuvhdjHQWqOcM3nv+dZiYK3FJsZ4D4geBHrvlFIi5xyFEBiac14ADCB9ZHDT4k5vAJj86znAj3oLwJ9DDjKYzoMBFMcYXMBWwYtMC0AITa/dCUgLpIkVFJkvQNLCxK0LeBvexI2psdF4gPtqQbQBmv7yNiHFzqAAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)
of 55.83% of net value of $720,592.70 (since the Wife has a one-third share in
this property) = $134,102.30  
---|---  
  
78 With regard to the Woodleigh Property, it is simply not possible to apply
the method which I have used thus far with regard to the other Pre-Marriage
Properties, because there is neither any evidence as to the original purchase
price, nor any evidence as to when the Wife purchased the property, nor any
evidence as to the outstanding mortgage property on the date of the marriage.
The analysis is further complicated by the fact that the Wife took out a fresh
loan of $960,000 from Ethoz Capital (see [54] above) in October 2016, which
was after the IJ Date. Given these difficulties, I shall adopt the approach
which was taken by Ang J in BHN v BHO at [41] (see [71] above), which was
essentially to take the absolute amount which was paid towards the acquisition
of the property, and use this as the figure which should be attributed
notionally to the pool of matrimonial assets. This is on the basis that if the
Wife had not paid these amounts towards the acquisition of the Woodleigh
Property, they would have remained in her bank accounts and would have been
subject to division. I gather that in September 2016, the Wife was making
monthly mortgage payments of about $2,931 on this property. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Wife’s 1 December 2016 affidavit, pp 328–329.

Assuming that she made similar payments throughout the marriage (which lasted
about five years and seven months), she would have paid a total of $196,377
($2,931 × 67 months) towards the acquisition of this property in the course of
the marriage. This, then, is the amount to be included in the pool of
matrimonial assets for division in respect of the Woodleigh Property.

79 With regard to Robertson Quay Property B, it is not possible to determine
the total amount which was paid towards the acquisition of the asset as of the
AM Date by deducting the outstanding liabilities as at the AM Date from the
original purchase price. This is because fresh liabilities were incurred
against this asset after the IJ Date, as can be seen from the fact that
outstanding liabilities against this property increased from $200,812.70 as at
the IJ Date to $511,550.37 as at the AM Date. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

H-3.

Again, adopting the approach taken by Ang J in BHN v BHO at [41], I shall take
the absolute amount which was paid towards the acquisition of the property,
and use this as the figure which should be attributed notionally to the pool
of matrimonial assets. Deducting the outstanding liabilities as at the IJ Date
from the outstanding liabilities as at the time of the marriage, I conclude
that the Wife paid a total of $53,439.16 in mortgage instalments on this
property during the marriage. This, then, is the amount to be included in the
pool of matrimonial assets for division in respect of Robertson Quay Property
B.

80 Finally, with regard to the Compassvale Property, it is not possible to
determine the total amount which was paid towards the acquisition of the asset
during the marriage by deducting the outstanding liabilities as at the IJ Date
from the outstanding liabilities as at the date of the marriage. This is
because fresh liabilities were incurred against this property during the
marriage, when the Wife took a loan against the Compassvale Property sometime
around July 2015. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Wife’s 22 November 2017 affidavit, p 661.

It is clear that from July 2015 to the present, the Wife has been making
monthly loan repayments of at least $13,416.67 to repay this fresh loan.
However, there is no evidence as to how much the Wife expended to repay the
loan which she initially took out to purchase the Compassvale Property between
February 2011 and July 2015. Nevertheless, I gather that in the approximately
16-month period between the time the Wife signed the option to purchase in
respect of this property on 19 September 2009 and the date of the marriage in
February 2011, the Wife paid some $113,028.75 for the property (this being the
purchase price of $488,000 less $374,971.25 in outstanding liabilities as at
the date of the marriage). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

H-3

Assuming that this sum of $113,028.75 included a payment of $96,000 (20% of
the purchase price) which she was required to pay upon signing the Sale and
Purchase Agreement, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Wife’s 23 March 2017 affidavit, p 1071.

and the remaining $17,028.75 was paid in the form of 16 monthly mortgage
instalments, she would have been paying monthly mortgage instalments of about
$1,064.30 in respect of the Compassvale Property. Assuming she continued
paying such mortgage instalments after the parties married until she took a
fresh loan against the Compassvale Property in July 2015, the total amount
which the Wife would have paid towards the acquisition of the Compassvale
Property between the date of the marriage and the IJ Date may be estimated as
follows:

(a) $1,064.30 × 52 months (between 23 February 2011 and June 2015)

(b) $13,461.67 × 15 months (between July 2015 and 30 September 2016)

Total: $257,268.65

Applying the approach in BHN v BHO at [41], the figure to be included
notionally in the pool of assets is this sum of $257,268.65, which is the
court’s estimate of the amount which the Wife paid towards the acquisition of
the Compassvale Property during the marriage.

Summary of conclusions as to value of Wife’s real properties

81 To summarise, the following table sets out the values to be included in the
pool of matrimonial assets in respect of each of the Wife’s real properties:

| Property| Value to be included in matrimonial pool ($)  
---|---|---  
Matrimonial home  
1.| Sunrise Close Property| 2,069,100.51  
| Properties purchased after marriage  
2.| Bukit Batok Property A| 1,230,205.47  
3.| Bukit Batok Property B| 1,100,992.50  
4.| Alexandra Property A| 85,707.13  
5.| Alexandra Property B| 1,921,578.31  
6.| Telok Kurau Property| 454,983.69  
7.| Changi Road Property| 307,982.44  
8.| Fraser Street Property| 454,887.95  
Properties purchased before marriage but paid for during marriage  
9.| Telok Blangah Property A| 349,325.11  
10.| Telok Blangah Property B| 375,174.23  
11.| Compassvale Property| 257,268.65  
12.| Robertson Quay Property A| 389,985.12  
13.| Robertson Quay Property B| 53,439.16  
14.| Bedok North Property| 647,706.72  
15.| Leedon Property| 31,843.61  
16.| Marina Boulevard Property| 134,102.30  
17.| Woodleigh Property| 196,377.00  
  
Liabilities

82 It is common ground between the parties that the Husband has $20,290.89
worth of liabilities in the form of outstanding loans from DBS Cashline and
Great Eastern Life Assurance. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

JSRI, p 15; Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 91.

The liabilities which are disputed between the parties are the following:

(a) The Wife’s liabilities of $1,582,426 in the form of credit card loans and
loans on her insurance policies;

(b) A loan of $20,000 which the Husband claims to have taken from his brother.

83 I shall deal first with the Wife’s credit card and insurance policy loans.
The remarks in the JSRI show that the Husband disputes these liabilities on
the basis that all liabilities arising once divorce proceedings are afoot
should not be taken into account unless they were legitimately incurred for
the benefit of the family (see the discussion of [67] of Wan Lai Cheng at [54]
above). 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

JSRI, p 19.

While I agree with this as a matter of principle, as a matter of fact, it is
incorrect to say that the Wife’s credit card loans and insurance policies were
all incurred “once divorce proceedings [were] afoot”. On the contrary, the
Husband’s own position is that only $140,400 of the Wife’s personal loans were
newly incurred between April 2016 (when the Wife evicted the Husband from the
matrimonial home and initiated the divorce proceedings) and September 2016. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 175; Husband’s 3rd
affidavit of assets and means, 27 February 2018, para 133 and p 125.

Of this $140,400 worth of newly incurred liabilities, I agree with the Husband
that it has not been demonstrated that these were incurred otherwise than for
the Wife’s sole benefit. I thus do not take these liabilities into account. As
for the remaining $1,442,026 ($1,582,426 - $140,400) worth of liabilities, I
see no reason why they should not be taken into consideration in determining
the pool of matrimonial assets.

84 Turning then to the loan of $20,000 which the Husband claims to have taken
from his brother, there was a lack of evidence to support the Husband’s
position. At the final ancillary matters hearing on 21 August 2018, the
Husband sought to adduce new evidence in the form of a letter from his brother
confirming this loan. I considered that the Husband had numerous opportunities
to obtain an affidavit from his brother and had not done so. Given the late
stage of the proceedings, and the manner in which this evidence was sought to
be introduced, I did not think it was appropriate to admit this letter into
evidence. There being no other evidence to support the Husband’s claim that he
had taken this loan from his brother, I do not take this alleged liability
into account in determining the pool of matrimonial assets.

Total pool of matrimonial assets

85 The following table summarises the matrimonial assets and liabilities based
on my findings thus far:

| Asset (Liability)| Value ($)  
---|---|---  
In Wife’s Name  
1.| Sunrise Close Property| 2,069,100.51  
2.| Bukit Batok Property A| 1,230,205.47  
3.| Bukit Batok Property B| 1,100,992.50  
4.| Alexandra Property A| 85,707.13  
5.| Alexandra Property B| 1,921,578.31  
6.| Telok Kurau Property| 454,983.69  
7.| Changi Road Property| 307,982.44  
8.| Fraser Street Property| 454,887.95  
9.| Telok Blangah Property A| 349,325.11  
10.| Telok Blangah Property B| 375,174.23  
11.| Compassvale Property| 257,268.65  
12.| Robertson Quay Property A| 389,985.12  
13.| Robertson Quay Property B| 53,439.16  
14.| Bedok North Property| 647,706.72  
15.| Leedon Property| 31,843.61  
16.| Marina Boulevard Property| 134,102.30  
17.| Woodleigh Property| 196,377.00  
18.| CPF account| 161,088.48  
19.| Unit Trusts| 13,627.65  
20.| Moneys held by Husband’s counsel as stakeholders in relation to the
forfeiture of a property at Fraser Street, including refund of stamp duty from
IRAS| 219,422.02  
21.| Motor Vehicle| 73,000  
22.| Shares| 293,471.08  
23.| Bank accounts| 98,858.48  
24.| Liabilities| (1,442,026)  
Sub-total for assets in Wife’s name| 9,478,101.61  
In Husband’s Name  
1.| CPF account| 51,544.85  
2.| POSB bank account (“POSB Bank Account A”)| 50,822.24  
3.| Insurance policies| 6,174.45  
4.| Shares| 16,205.00  
5.| Bank accounts in Husband’s sole name| 44,202.37  
6.| DBS Cashline and Great Eastern Life Assurance loans| (20,290.89)  
Sub-total for assets in Husband’s name| 148,658.02  
Grand Total| 9,626,759.63  
  
Ratio of division

86 It is not in dispute between the parties that this was a dual-income
marriage in respect of which the applicable framework for division is that set
out in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043. As summarised by the Court of Appeal in
Twiss Christopher James Hans v Twiss Yvonne Prendergast [2015] SGCA 52 at
[17], this approach involves three broad steps:

(a) First, the court expresses as a ratio the parties’ direct contributions
relative to each other, having regard to the amount of financial contributions
each party has made towards the acquisition or improvement of matrimonial
assets;

(b) Secondly, the court expresses as a second ratio the parties’ indirect
contributions relative to each other, having regard to both financial and non-
financial contributions; and

(c) Thirdly, the court derives the parties’ overall contributions relative to
each other by taking an average of the two ratios in (a) and (b) above,
bearing in mind that the direct and indirect contributions may not be accorded
equal weight and one of the two ratios may be accorded more significance than
the other.

Timeframe for assessing the parties’ contributions

87 Before I turn to the application of this framework to the facts of this
case, I first address the question of the timeframe in which the parties’
respective contributions should be considered. As noted above, the parties
were cohabiting for a period of 11 years before they married. The Husband
takes the position that his contributions during that period ought properly to
be considered in determining the just and equitable division of the parties’
assets. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Husband’s 26 July 2018 written submissions, paras 6 and 13–16.

The Wife takes the position that the court should only take into account
contributions made during the subsistence of the marriage. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, paras 81–84.

88 The question of whether pre-marital contributions may be taken into
consideration in the court’s division of matrimonial assets was considered by
Valerie Thean JC (as she then was) in JAF v JAE [2016] 3 SLR 717 at [20]–[21].
In that case, prior to the parties’ marriage, the wife had purchased a
property in Poland which was held in her sole name. The husband had
contributed a sum of about £15,000 towards the purchase. Thean JC found that
the property was not a matrimonial asset because it was not “ordinarily used
or enjoyed” by the parties within the meaning of s 112(10)(a)(i) of the
Women’s Charter. The husband also had not sought to argue that the property
had been substantially improved within the meaning of s 112(10)(a)(ii).
Nevertheless, in analysing the extent of each party’s contribution to the
marriage, Thean JC was of the view that the husband’s contribution of £15,000
towards the purchase of the property in Poland could be taken into account
notwithstanding the fact that such contribution was made before the marriage.
This was on the basis that s 112 of the Women’s Charter required the court to
have regard to “all the circumstances of the case” and specifically, s
112(2)(g) required the court to have regard to “the giving of assistance or
support by one party to the other party” without any restriction as to time
period (at [20]). Thean JC was satisfied that the husband’s contribution to
the purchase of the Poland property had been made at a time when the parties
were already in a “domestic relationship”, and that this property had
functioned as a platform from which the parties built their lives together (at
[22]).

89 Thean JC also noted that pre-marital contributions had been taken into
account in the decision of Smith Brian Walker v Foo Moo Chye [2009] SGDC 256
(“Smith Brian Walker (DC)”), and this, in turn, was upheld by the High Court
in Smith Brian Walker v Foo Moo Chye Julie [2009] SGHC 247 (“Smith Brian
Walker (HC)”). In Smith Brian Walker (DC) and Smith Brian Walker (HC), the
parties had cohabited for a period of sixteen years before they married. A few
years before the marriage, the wife had helped the husband to secure a
lucrative consultancy project which appears to have placed the husband in good
stead in subsequent employment. District Judge Tan Peck Cheng found that this
was the wife’s most significant contribution to the marriage, notwithstanding
the fact that it had been made prior to the marriage. On appeal, Steven Chong
JC (as he then was) cited this as his reason for adjusting the wife’s share of
the matrimonial assets upwards (Smith Brian Walker (HC) at [13] and [17(d)]).

90  The question of whether pre-marital contributions are relevant in the
division of matrimonial assets was also considered by George Wei JC in ACY v
ACZ [2014] 2 SLR 1320 (“ACY v ACZ”), although Wei JC did not express a
definitive view on the matter. Finally, I note that in UIG v UIH [2017] SGFC
149 (“UIG v UIH”), District Judge Masayu Norashikin felt that it was “apt for
contributions even prior to the marriage to be factored in” because the
parties in that case “were living together even before marriage” and had made
indirect contributions to the family during this period.

91 As against the above line of authorities, in UJF v UJG, Aedit Abdullah J
found that pre-marital circumstances should not be taken into consideration in
the court’s exercise of its discretion under s 112 of the Women’s Charter. The
facts of that case were similar to the present case: the parties had cohabited
for over a decade before they married, then divorced after a four-year
marriage. Abdullah J held that “the fact that the parties were in a
relationship that lasted for many years could not be a relevant factor given
the scope of the legislative provision which is concerned only with factors
relating to the period of marriage” (at [54]).

92 Having regard to the language of s 112 of the Women’s Charter, I am in
agreement with the views taken in authorities such as JAF v JAE, Smith Brian
Walker (DC) and (HC) and UIG v UIH that pre-marital contributions may be a
relevant factor in determining the just and equitable division of matrimonial
assets. On one hand, the assets which are the subject of the court’s powers of
division (ie, matrimonial assets) are defined with reference to clear time
boundaries under s 112(10)(a) and (b), which refer to assets in terms of
whether they were acquired before or during the marriage. On the other hand,
the factors to be taken into account in determining the appropriate
apportionment of the assets are not limited to the period of marriage. Thus,
for instance, s 112(2)(d) refers to the “extent of the contributions made by
each party to the welfare of the family” while s 112(2)(g) refers to “the
giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party”, also without
restriction as to time period (as noted in JAF v JAE at [20]). In this case,
the parties have cohabited and shared their lives together for a significant
period of time before the marriage. In the circumstances, I did not think it
would be appropriate to entirely disregard the contributions which they have
made to their shared lives in this period.

Direct contributions

93 The parties are in broad agreement that direct contributions towards the
acquisition or improvement of matrimonial properties were mostly attributable
to the Wife. However, the Husband claims that he made the following direct
contributions:

(a) A contribution of $58,000 towards the Wife’s purchase of a flat in Ang Mo
Kio (“the Ang Mo Kio Flat”) in 2001 which was then sold in 2004. The Husband
claims that this purchase “provided the catalyst, platform and seed money” for
the Wife’s subsequent property investments. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, paras 106–108.

(b) A contribution of $45,000 for the construction and design of a koi pond at
the matrimonial property, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, paras 111–113.

as well as further quarterly payments of $500 towards the maintenance of this
pond.

(c) A contribution of $91,536 of his CPF savings which the Husband allegedly
paid to the Wife in December 2007. The Husband claims that the Wife used this
money to renovate the matrimonial home. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 118.

94 The Wife’s response to the Husband’s claim is as follows:

(a) The Husband’s payment of $58,000 in 2001 was actually consideration for
the Wife allowing the Husband to live rent-free in her properties. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, para 90.

(b) The Husband’s contribution of $45,000 towards the design and construction
of a koi pond at the matrimonial home is unsupported by documentary evidence.
While the Wife accepts that the Husband did spend money on refurbishing the
koi pond, the koi pond was not an improvement to the matrimonial property but
a nuisance. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, paras 93–98.

(c) While she did receive about $91,000 from the Husband in 2007, this money
was not applied towards the renovations of the matrimonial home because such
renovations only took place in 2010, some three years later. The Wife
characterises this transfer instead as payment for the Husband’s “rent and
living expenses from 2003 to 2007”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, paras 100–103.

95 I had serious doubts about the Wife’s claim that the payments of $58,000
and $91,536 made by the Husband were intended to pay for his rent and living
expenses. It is not in dispute that the parties had cohabited since 1999 and
given the nature of their relationship, it seemed unlikely that the Wife was
charging the Husband rent at the material time. Since the Wife did not dispute
having received these sums, I found that these sums should be counted as the
Husband’s direct contributions. As for the Husband’s claim that he spent
$45,000 on the design and construction of the koi pond at the matrimonial
property, I agreed with the Wife that this was unsubstantiated by documentary
evidence.

96 Even taking the sums of $58,000 and $91,536 into account, however, and
adding these sums to the value of the assets in the Husband’s name, the
Husband’s total contributions amount to just under $300,000 ($148,658.02 +
$58,000 + $91,536). As against this, it is not in dispute that the Wife solely
financed her property acquisitions. The following table sets out an estimate
of the amounts which the Wife contributed towards the properties in the
matrimonial pool (omitting Robertson Quay Property B, the Marina Boulevard
Property, the Woodleigh Property and the Compassvale Property):

| Asset | Contribution| Formula used  
---|---|---|---  
1.| Sunrise Close Property| $462,983.69| Purchase price ($1,108,000) 88

##### Foot Note 88

× Wife’s 23 March 2017 affidavit, p 1026. less outstanding liabilities at AM
Date ($645,016.31).  
2.| Bukit Batok Property A| $530,205.47| Purchase price ($1,800,000) 89

##### Foot Note 89

× Wife’s 1 December 2016 affidavit, p 197. less outstanding liabilities at AM
Date ($1,269,794.53)  
3.| Bukit Batok Property B| $500,992.50| Purchase price ($1,700,000) 90

##### Foot Note 90

× Wife’s 1 December 2016 affidavit, p 203. less outstanding liabilities at AM
Date ($1,199,007.50)  
4.| Alexandra Property A| $223,707.13| Purchase price ($888,000) 91

##### Foot Note 91

× Wife’s 1 December 2016 affidavit, p 181. less outstanding liabilities at AM
Date ($664,292.87)  
5.| Alexandra Property B| $1,665,578.31| Purchase price ($5,244,000) 92

##### Foot Note 92

× Wife’s 1 December 2016 affidavit, p 179. less outstanding liabilities at AM
Date ($3,578,421.69)  
6.| Telok Kurau Property| $349,983.69| Purchase price ($995,000) 93

##### Foot Note 93

× Wife’s 23 March 2017 affidavit, p 948. less outstanding liabilities at AM
Date ($645,016.31)  
7.| Changi Road Property| $273,982.44| Purchase price ($791,000) 94

##### Foot Note 94

× Wife’s 1 December 2016 affidavit, p 186. less outstanding liabilities at AM
Date ($517,017.56)  
8.| Fraser Street Property| $$454,887.95| Amount refunded to the Wife by the
developer and IRAS upon forfeiture of the property. 95

##### Foot Note 95

× Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 32.  
9.| Telok Blangah Property A| $350,544.52| Purchase price ($900,000) 96

##### Foot Note 96

× Wife’s 23 March 2017 affidavit, p 1057. less outstanding liabilities at AM
Date ($549,455.48)  
10.| Telok Blangah Property B| $416,874.61| Purchase price ($889,000) 97

##### Foot Note 97

× Wife’s 23 March 2017 affidavit, p 1051. less outstanding liabilities at AM
Date ($472,125.39)  
11.| Robertson Quay Property A| $277,713.50| Purchase price ($700,000) 98

##### Foot Note 98

× Wife’s 23 March 2017 affidavit, p 918. less outstanding liabilities at AM
Date ($422,286.50).  
12.| Leedon Property| $328,263.69| Purchase price ($890,400) 99

##### Foot Note 99

× Wife’s 23 March 2017 affidavit, p 1107. less outstanding liabilities at AM
Date ($562,136.31).  
13.| Bedok North Property| $357,700.20| Purchase price ($800,000) 100

##### Foot Note 100

× Wife’s 23 March 2017 affidavit, p 1045. less outstanding liabilities at date
of sale ($442,299.80)  
Total Contributions| $6,193,417.70  
  
97 As a matter of consistency, the method of quantification which I have used
in the above table takes into account the Wife’s direct contributions towards
the acquisition of the Pre-Marriage Properties which were made before the
parties married (see [92] above). The table above omits Robertson Quay
Property B, the Compassvale Property, the Marina Boulevard Property and the
Woodleigh Property because for the reasons described at [77]–[80] above, there
is insufficient information concerning the original purchase price and
therefore insufficient information concerning how much the Wife contributed
towards the acquisitions of these assets. Given these limitations, for the
purposes of quantifying the Wife’s direct contributions, I shall simply adopt
the values of these assets which are being included in the pool of matrimonial
assets and treat these values as representing the Wife’s direct contributions.
Thus, the Wife’s contribution towards these properties are as stated in the
following table:

| Asset | Contribution  
---|---|---  
1.| Compassvale Property| $257,268.65  
2.| Robertson Quay Property B| $53,439.16  
3.| Marina Boulevard Property| $134,102.30  
4.| Woodleigh Property| $196,377.00  
Total Contributions| $641,187.11  
  
98 The Wife’s total direct contributions towards her real properties alone
were thus in excess of $6.80m ($6,193,417.70 + $641,187.11). Taking into
account her CPF account ($161,088.48), Unit Trusts ($13,627.65), motor vehicle
($73,000), shares ($293,471.08), and bank accounts ($98,858.48), her direct
contributions towards the matrimonial assets are in excess of $7.5m. Given
that the Husband’s direct contributions are estimated at around $300,000, and
adopting a broad-brush approach, I find that the direct contributions ratio
for the husband and the wife is 5:95.

Indirect contributions

99 The parties’ positions regarding their indirect contributions are
diametrically opposed. The Husband asserted that the appropriate ratio was
80:20 in his favour, while the Wife’s position was that the appropriate ratio
was 90:10 in her favour. With regard to indirect non-financial contributions,
the main point in dispute is the extent to which the parties had each
contributed to the upbringing of the Wife’s children from her previous
marriage, [P] and [Q]. The parties also disagree over whether the Husband had
contributed to the Wife’s real estate career. As regards indirect financial
contributions, the parties disagree over the extent to which the Husband had
contributed to the household expenses.

(1) Indirect non-financial contributions

100 With regard to [P] and [Q], the Husband claims that he was actively
involved in their education and upbringing and was their “true dad” and
“primary caregiver”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, paras 150 and 155.

He claims that he never failed to attend meet-the-parents sessions at their
schools and sought to keep track of their conduct and academic performance.
102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 143.

The Husband also alleged that he had helped [P] to enrol in the “Triple
Science” stream in school by drafting an appeal letter when [P] did not do
well in Chemistry. He also claims that he “painstakingly did all the research
and running around” to help [P] secure a place in an Australian university to
study medicine. As for [Q], the Husband claims that he was “always there for
her”, visited her in hospital when she was ill, and fetched her to and from
school and her various appointments. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 136 and 141.

The Husband also claims that the Wife was engrossed in pursuing material
wealth and therefore neglected her motherly duties. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 151–153.

101 The Wife claims that the Husband was not involved in [P’s] and [Q’s]
upbringing and that the children merely tolerated him to keep the peace at
home. Their interactions with the Husband were “limited and insignificant”.
105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, paras 120–121.

The Wife has also stressed that at the time the parties married, [P] was
already 20 years old and [Q] was already 17 years old.

102 As mentioned at [92] above, I find that the parties’ contributions prior
to the marriage, and in the years that they were cohabiting, were factors
relevant to the division of matrimonial assets. When the parties began
cohabiting, [P] was only eight years old, while [Q] was 5. The Husband’s
involvement in caregiving would count as an indirect contribution,
notwithstanding that this would mostly have taken place before the parties
formalised their relationship in marriage.

103 In seeking to prove his claims that he was actively involved in [P’s] and
[Q’s] upbringing and was their primary caregiver, the Husband adduced evidence
in the form of several Fathers’ Day and birthday greeting cards which the
children had written to him from 2013 to 2015. The affectionate tone of these
greeting cards lends some support for the Husband’s position. The children
referred to him as “Papa [Husband’s name]” and thanked him effusively for his
care, support, sacrifices and “little actions of love every day”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 144-147.

The children also spoke of how much they had learned from the Husband and how
they appreciated his guidance and advice. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Husband’s 3rd affidavit of assets and means, pp 779–788.

In several of these greeting cards, [P] and [Q] mentioned that they were
looking forward to celebrating the occasion in question with the Husband. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Husband’s 3rd affidavit of assets and means, pp 786, 788.

104 This evidence is difficult to reconcile with the affidavits which [P] and
[Q] have affirmed in these proceedings in which they claim that they were
never close to the Husband and that he never took the initiative to bond with
them. In [Q’s] affidavit, she claims that living with the Husband was “tense
and uncomfortable”, 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

[Q’s] affidavit, para 8.

and that they had a “poor relationship”. She also claims that it was the Wife
who made her write birthday cards and Fathers’ Day cards for the Husband to
make him feel welcome and part of the family, and that she would simply rely
on her mother’s suggested phrasing and recycle the same messages each year.
110

##### Foot Note 110

×

[Q’s] affidavit, para 21.

Likewise [P] claims that he seldom shared things about his life with the
Husband and that they had an “insignificant amount of interaction”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

[P’s] affidavit, para 13.

He also claims that the messages and greeting cards relied on by the Husband
do not represent his sincere thoughts and feelings, and that he had merely
written them at the Wife’s suggestion to keep peace and harmony at home. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

[P’s] affidavit, paras 9 and 22.

105 My assessment of the evidence is that, on a balance of probabilities,
there is truth to the Husband’s claim that he played a parental role in [P]
and [Q’s] lives, and that he did contribute to their upbringing.
Notwithstanding the claims in [P’s] and [Q’s] affidavits, the tone and wording
of their greeting cards appear to be genuine and suggest that the children did
not have as tense and estranged a relationship as they claim that they had
with the Husband. While [P] and [Q] claim that they had written these greeting
cards at the Wife’s behest and simply adopted her suggested phrasing, the
language used in these cards and the detail in which the children thank the
Husband and describe his acts of care towards them cast doubt on the position
which they take in their affidavits. However much the relationship between the
Husband and [P] and [Q] may have deteriorated since these cards were written,
I find that they support a conclusion that the Husband did play a significant
role in caring for [P] and [Q].

106 On the other hand, I was not convinced that the Husband was the children’s
primary caregiver as he claimed. [P] and [Q]’s affidavits suggest that the
Wife played a large role in their upbringing and was actively involved in
seeing to their needs. For example, I see no reason to doubt [Q’s] claim that
her mother had accompanied her in visiting the secondary schools of her
choice, and had assisted her in her Direct Schools Admission applications. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

[Q’s] affidavit, paras 13–14.

Likewise, [P]’s evidence was that he would speak to and consult the Wife about
decisions such as what subject he should study in university and where he
should attend university. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

[P’s] affidavit, para 9.

The overall impression which I draw from the evidence is that the Wife was
probably the children’s primary caregiver, although the Husband did not have
an insignificant role.

107 As for the issue of whether the Husband made indirect non-financial
contributions by assisting the Wife in her work as a real estate agent, the
Husband claims that throughout their relationship, he gave legal advice to the
Wife and helped her in drafting agreements and correspondence with her clients
and tenants. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 129.

The Wife denies this, and asserts that most of the legal documents she relied
on in her work were standard forms from the real estate agency which she
represents. The Husband’s involvement was “minimal and nominal at best”. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, para 124.

She claims that it was she who contributed to the Husband’s career by
referring her clients to the Husband for conveyancing matters. I find that
neither party has adduced evidence to support their respective positions and
this was essentially a matter of the Husband’s word against the Wife’s. That
being the case, I make no finding as to the truth of the Husband’s claims and
shall disregard this in determining the ratio of the parties’ indirect
contributions.

(2) Indirect financial contributions

108 It is not seriously in dispute that the Wife was the party who earned
significantly more income and that she was, therefore, also the party who
primarily paid for the household expenses such as the utility bills,
groceries, the domestic helper’s salary and the children’s school fees. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, para 113 and Husband’s 21 August 2018
amended written submissions, para 124.

However, the Husband claims that he contributed monthly payments of $1,500
towards the household expenses, which were later reduced to $1,000 payments
because of his poor earnings. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 124.

The Wife denies that the Husband made such contributions, although it seems
she accepts that the Husband may have paid for a few expenses here and there,
such as [P’s] air tickets to and from Australia when he attended university
there. She submits, however, that any such contribution was de minimis. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, para 116.

Again, there is a lack of evidence to support either party’s position. The
conclusion which I draw is that most of the indirect financial contributions
are attributable to the Wife.

109 Taking the circumstances in the round, I find that the indirect
contributions ratio for the husband and the wife is 25:75.

Weightage

110 As stated by the court in ANJ v ANK at [26], the presumptive position is
that direct contributions and indirect contributions carry equal weight, but
in the appropriate circumstances, the court may adjust the weightage to be
given to each category. The factors which the courts may consider include the
length of the marriage, and the size of the pool of matrimonial assets and its
constituents. Indirect contributions tend to feature less prominently in
shorter marriages (at [27(a)]). Direct contributions tend to command greater
weight in marriages where the pool of assets available for division is large
and such assets have generally been accrued by one party’s exceptional efforts
(at [27(b)]).

111 The Wife argues that, applying the principles stated in ANJ v ANK at [27],
this is a case where direct contributions ought to command greater weight.
This is because the marriage was relatively short, and the bulk of the
matrimonial assets were acquired as a result of the Wife’s efforts. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, para 133–138.

112 I agree with the Wife that the pool of assets available for division is
fairly large in this case and that these assets are mostly the fruits of the
Wife’s efforts. I also agreed with the Wife that this was, at least formally,
a short and childless marriage, although this factor was weakened somewhat
given the fact that the parties had cohabited for a long period of time and
shared caregiving responsibilities over the Wife’s children from a previous
marriage. Taking the circumstances in the round, I consider that the weightage
to be given to direct financial contributions is 70%, and the weightage to be
given to indirect contributions is 30%. On this basis, the ratio for division
of assets would be as follows:

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Direct contributions (70% weightage)| 66.5%(0.7 × 95%)| 3.5%(0.7 × 5%)  
Indirect contributions (30% weightage)| 22.5%(0.3 × 75%)| 7.5%(0.3 × 25%)  
Average Ratio| 89%| 11%  
  
Adverse inferences

113 Before I apply the ratios derived in the table above to the pool of
matrimonial assets, this is a convenient juncture at which to discuss the
parties’ submissions regarding adverse inferences. Both the Husband and the
Wife have submitted that adverse inferences ought to be drawn against the
other party.

114 The Wife submits that the Husband has failed to give full and frank
disclosure throughout the proceedings. She points to the fact that the Husband
failed to disclose the UOB One Account and POSB Accounts in his sole name,
which he opened in May and June 2016, until a very late stage of the
proceedings in February and May 2018. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Wife’s 26 July 2018 written submissions, para 11 (items 1 and 8).

She also avers that the Husband has given an unsatisfactory explanation in
relation to several withdrawals, such as a withdrawal of $25,000 made from his
POSB Account in July 2015. He initially claimed he used this $25,000
withdrawal to purchase a diamond ring for the Wife, but the diamond ring which
he gave the Wife was purchased in either 2009 or 2011. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Wife’s 26 July 2018 written submissions, para 11 (item 3).

The Wife also claims that the Husband has understated his income and has given
dubious explanations as to the source of funds flowing into his bank accounts.
123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Wife’s 26 July 2018 written submissions, para 11 (item 11).

115 The Husband submits that the Wife has also failed to give full and frank
disclosure and has shown a tendency to conceal her assets. He has asked for an
additional 10% of the pool of matrimonial assets to be awarded to him in order
to give effect to the adverse inference which he claims should be drawn
against the Wife. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 190.

The Husband highlights that the Wife had failed to disclose the fact that she
had sold the Bedok North and Woodleigh Properties until this was discovered by
the Husband, and that she then failed to give a satisfactory account of what
became of the sales proceeds. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 170–171.

Further, she has failed to provide disclosure of her substantial portfolio of
US stocks. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 181.

The Husband also contends that the Wife had ramped up her liabilities in
anticipation of the divorce, 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 174.

and has not explained how she expended two loans of $585,345 and $545,000
which were taken against the matrimonial home. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, paras 183–184.

116 In my view, both parties have, to some extent, failed to provide full and
frank disclosure throughout the course of these proceedings. As for the
Husband, I find that he has provided information (for example, in relation to
his bank accounts) in a rather piecemeal way, often in response to objective
information provided by the Wife. He has also changed his position several
times in seeking to explain withdrawals and transfers of monies. As for the
Wife, it was less than satisfactory that she had failed to disclose the sales
of the Bedok North and Woodleigh Properties, and that she had sought to rely
on Premas’s valuation of these properties in an affidavit dated 22 November
2017, without revealing the fact that she had sold these properties for a
higher price. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Wife’s 22 November 2017 affidavit, p 539.

117 Nevertheless, I decline to draw an adverse inference against either party
as I find that there is no substratum of evidence that establishes a prima
facie case against the other party that there are remaining assets which have
not been disclosed to the court (see Koh Bee Choo v Choo Chai Huah [2007] SGCA
21 at [28]). To the extent that any funds in the Husband’s UOB One Account and
POSB Accounts had not been disclosed previously, they have now been included
in the pool of matrimonial assets (see [43] above). As for the unexplained
withdrawals of sums such as $25,000 and $9,000 by the Husband in 2015, I am of
the view that the size and timing of these withdrawals are not such that they
disclose a prima facie case of dissipation. As for the Wife’s claim that the
Husband has not been forthcoming about his sources of funds and has
deliberately understated his income, I find that this is more relevant to the
issue of maintenance which is discussed below.

118 Similarly the proceeds of the sales of the Bedok North Properties and the
Woodleigh Properties have been addressed and included in the pool of
matrimonial assets (to the extent appropriate, given that they were only
partially paid for during the marriage – see [60]–[64] above). As for the
Wife’s allegedly undisclosed US stockholding which the Husband claims is worth
some US$700,000, the document which the Husband cites dates to 2011. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Husband’s 22 November 2017 affidavit, p 185.

There is insufficient evidence to suggest that the Wife still has these assets
and has concealed them. In relation to the loans of $585,345 and $545,000, it
should be noted that the loans were not fresh liabilities but loans incurred
in 2008 and 2013. The Wife claims she used them to finance her other property
investments and the Husband appears to have accepted this. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Husband’s 3rd affidavit of assets and means, paras 137–139

I saw no reason to draw any adverse inference against the Wife in respect of
these two loans.

Conclusion on division of matrimonial assets

119 To recapitulate, the total value of the parties’ assets is $9,626,759.63.
The Husband is entitled to 11% of this total value – ie, to assets worth
$1,058,943.56. He presently has assets in his name worth $148,658.02. This
means $910,285.44 is due to him from the pool.

Maintenance

120 The Husband seeks monthly maintenance of $2,500 pursuant to s 113 of the
Women’s Charter, which I reproduce here for convenience:

Power of court to order maintenance

113.—(1) The court may order a man to pay maintenance to his wife or former
wife, or order a woman to pay maintenance to her incapacitated husband or
incapacitated former husband —

(a) during the course of any matrimonial proceedings; or

(b) when granting or subsequent to the grant of a judgment of divorce…

121 The Husband claims that he is incapacitated within the meaning of s 113(1)
by virtue of Meniere’s Disease, a condition which causes hearing loss, vertigo
and tinnitus. He claims that as a result of this disease he has had to give up
his work as a lawyer and makes a living earning about $600 per month as a
“roving Commissioner for Oaths”, as well as by working on a few simple
conveyancing and uncontested probate matters. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Husband’s 21 August 2018 amended written submissions, para 195.

122 The Wife argues that the Husband is not as severely affected by the
disease as he claims. She asserts that the medical reports which the Husband
relies on do not even express definitively that the Husband suffers from the
disease, and that none of the medical reports relied on by the Husband go so
far as to say he is unable to work. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, paras 162–169.

The Wife has also adduced two reports by private investigators which, in her
submission, show that the Husband is able to go about a typical work day
normally. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, paras 171–176.

She further contends that the Husband has deliberately understated his income
to support his claim for maintenance. In this regard, she highlights that the
Husband’s declared annual income for 2012 was as high as $8,991.75, and this
was despite the fact that by then, he had been suffering from Meniere’s
Disease since 2009. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Wife’s 14 May 2018 written submissions, paras 177–182.

123 The term “incapacitated former husband” is defined in s 2 of the Women’s
Charter as follows:

“incapacitated former husband”, in relation to a dissolved or an annulled
marriage, means a former husband to the marriage who —

(a) during the subsistence of the marriage, was or became —

(i) incapacitated, by any physical or mental disability or any illness, from
earning a livelihood; and

(ii) unable to maintain himself; and

(b) continues to be unable to maintain himself

124 The relevant question is, therefore, whether the Husband has become
incapacitated from earning a livelihood by virtue of Meniere’s Disease. Having
regard to the evidence, I find that there is insufficient basis to support the
conclusion that the Husband has become incapacitated from earning a
livelihood. I generally agree with the Wife that the medical reports relied
upon by the Husband do not suggest that the Husband is completely unable to
work. Rather, they suggest that he may be unable to work upon the onset of an
attack of vertigo. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Husband’s 1 December 2016 affidavit, p 306.

As to the frequency of these attacks, the medical reports are largely based on
the Husband’s own account that he had “six episodes of vertigo from April 2016
to June 2016”, 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Husband’s 1 December 2016 affidavit, p 307.

and I find that they carry limited weight as an objective indicator of the
frequency of his attacks. I also note that despite the Husband’s claim that he
has been suffering from frequent debilitating attacks of vertigo, there is
nothing in evidence to suggest that he has more recently sought medical
treatment, which would be expected if the attacks were as frequent and
disruptive as he claims. I also take into consideration the private
investigator reports which do suggest that the Husband is able to go about his
daily activities. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Wife’s 22 November 2017 affidavit, pp 974–1010.

125 This is not to say that the Husband is not affected by Meniere’s Disease
at all. It may well be the case that he is affected by the disease to some
extent. That is, however, a different matter from whether he is incapacitated
from earning a livelihood within the meaning of s 113 of the Women’s Charter.
The ordinary meaning of the term “livelihood” is defined as “a means of
securing the necessities of life”. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Oxford English Dictionary online
(https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/livelihood).

I was not persuaded that the Husband had become unable to earn a means of
securing the necessities of life. While the Husband’s monthly income for 2016
was a rather meagre sum of $598, I did not think that this was an accurate
indicator of the Husband’s earning capacity, given that just a year before
this, his monthly income was in excess of $2,000. Moreover, while one can
imagine how litigation and court work may be affected by the Husband’s
condition, which apparently causes hearing deterioration, I was not persuaded
that Meniere’s Disease would render him unable to perform other kinds of legal
work.

126 For these reasons, I find that the Husband does not meet the definition of
an incapacitated husband. There is, therefore, no basis for the court to order
an award of maintenance.

Conclusion

127 For the reasons aforementioned, I find that the Husband is entitled to 11%
of the pool of matrimonial assets, and this corresponds to a value of
$910,285.44 ($1,058,943.55 - $148,658.02) that the Wife will have to pay him
after taking into consideration the value of the assets in his name. I also
find that the Husband is not entitled to receive maintenance from the Wife
under s 113(1) of the Women’s Charter.

128 With regard to the division of matrimonial assets, the parties have not
made submissions as to any proposed specific allocation. They may decide on a
convenient mode of dividing the assets which is agreeable to both parties. If
they fail to come to an agreement within 3 months of this judgment, they are
at liberty to apply for further directions to implement my decision

129 I shall hear the parties on costs.

Tan Puay Boon  
Judicial Commissioner

Yap Teong Liang and Tan Hui Qing (M/s T L Yap Law Chambers LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Josephine Chong and Esther Yeo (M/s Josephine Chong LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

