Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 165

Suit No 716 of 2014

Between

(1)| Zillion Global Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Fields Pacific Limited  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Implied terms]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation Act]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Breach of duty]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Causation]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Duty of care]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Zillion Global Ltd and another

  

v

  

Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch

[2019] SGHC 165

High Court — Suit No 716 of 2014  
Woo Bih Li J  
27, 28 February, 1, 2, 6–9, 13–16, 19–23, 27 March 2018; 18 June 2018

12 July 2019 Judgment reserved.

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs, Zillion Global Limited and Fields Pacific Limited (“Zillion”
and “Fields” respectively, and “the Plaintiffs” collectively), are companies
incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. At all material times, the
beneficial owner of the Plaintiffs was Mr Pan Fang-Jen (“Pan”), and their
purpose was to hold his assets. The Plaintiffs were customers of the Private
Wealth Management (“PWM”) division of the defendant, Deutsche Bank AG,
Singapore Branch (“DB”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“SOC”) at para 6; Defence (Amendment
No 3) (“Defence”) at para 11.

The Plaintiffs had opened both discretionary accounts and advisory accounts
(also known as non-discretionary accounts) with DB. The key difference between
these two types of accounts was that for a discretionary account, the bank
exercised its own discretion in deciding which transactions to enter into, but
for an advisory account, the client made the decision as to which transactions
to enter into. This suit is concerned primarily with the advisory accounts the
Plaintiffs had with DB, ie, (i) Zillion’s advisory account; (ii) a foreign
exchange margin trading account (“FX GEM account”) which was linked to
Zillion’s advisory account; and (iii) Fields’ advisory account. These three
accounts will be referred to as “the Accounts”.

2 I make a preliminary point (on which I elaborate at [13] below) that in
advancing their respective cases in their pleadings and submissions to this
court, the parties generally did not draw a distinction between the
Plaintiffs, or between the Accounts, should there be any distinction to draw.
Since the parties chose to advance their cases as such, I will proceed on the
basis that the arguments advanced by the Plaintiffs and by DB respectively
applied to the Plaintiffs and the Accounts without distinction. I will also
refer to Pan and the Plaintiffs interchangeably unless the context requires a
distinction to be drawn between them.

3 The Plaintiffs filed the writ of summons on 3 July 2014 against DB. They had
four main heads of claim against DB, namely, for: (a) breach of an implied
term of the relevant contracts generally; (b) negligence generally; (c)
misrepresentation on 30 July 2008 and 31 July 2008; and (d) breach of contract
on 13 October 2008.

4 DB relied on contract terms in its defence to exclude or restrict its
liability. DB also pleaded that the Plaintiffs’ actions founded on contract
and on tort in respect of and/or relating to any matter in the Accounts that
had arisen prior to 3 July 2008 had accrued more than six years before the
time the Plaintiffs filed the writ of summons, and were barred by virtue of s
6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed).

5 The trial for this suit was bifurcated. I heard the trial on liability over
the course of 18 days, and reserved judgment.

Dramatis personae

6 I set out a table of dramatis personae of some of the persons involved at
the material time and/or in these proceedings for easy reference:

Abbreviation| Individual  
---|---  
For the Plaintiffs  
Campana| Mr Bruno Campana, a Senior Managing Director in the Economic &
Financial Consulting Practice of FTI Consulting LLP, and an expert witness at
the trial  
Chang| Ms Chang Hsu Fen (who is also known as Grace), an employee of Pan’s
businesses, and a factual witness at the trial  
Chen| Ms Chen Chin Tzu (who is also known as Judy), an employee of Pan’s
businesses, and a factual witness at the trial  
Pan| Mr Pan Fang-Jen, the beneficial owner of the Plaintiffs, and a factual
witness at the trial  
Walford| Dr Thomas Walford, a Director and Chief Executive of Expert Evidence
International Limited, and an expert witness at the trial  
For DB  
Beloreshki| Mr Tsevetan N Beloreshki, a Managing Director in Berkeley Research
Group’s Finance and Securities Litigation group, and an expert witness at the
trial  
Chan| Ms Chan Pui Kwan (who is also known as Kanas), then-Director and Fixed
Income Specialist of the PWM division in Deutsche Bank Hong Kong (“DB HK”),
and a factual witness at the trial  
Chiu| Mr Chiu Chi Ming (who is also known as Dennis), then-Head of Credit Risk
Management for Wealth Management, North Asia, and a factual witness at the
trial  
Juan| Ms Melanie Hsiao-Mei Juan, then-Assistant Vice-President of the PWM
division in DB HK and Relationship Manager for the Accounts, who has left the
employ of DB  
Kwok| Mr Terry Kwok, then-Assistant Vice-President and Foreign Exchange
Advisor of the PWM division in DB HK, who has left the employ of DB  
Raju| Mr Ravi Raju, then-Head of the PWM division in the Asia Pacific, who has
left the employ of DB  
Sze| Mr Sze Siu Fung (who is also known as Patrick), then-Director and Head of
Investment Advisory in DB HK, and a factual witness at the trial  
Tang| Mr Masson Tang, then-Vice-President and member of the Investment
Advisory team in DB HK, who has left the employ of DB  
Tsang| Mr Bill Tsang, Ching Blu, then-Senior Investment Advisor of the PWM
division in DB HK, and a factual witness at the trial  
Yim| Mr Lok Yim, then-Managing Director and Head of the Fixed Income and
Equities team in the Asia Pacific, and a factual witness at the trial  
  
Facts

Background and the opening of accounts with DB and other banks

7 Pan was born in the People’s Republic of China in 1941. He emigrated to the
Republic of China (“Taiwan”) with his parents when he was about seven years
old. At all material times, he was a citizen and resident of Taiwan. He
graduated from junior middle school in Taiwan but did not do well enough to
progress to senior middle school. He enrolled in a vocational institute named
World College of Journalism. As an adult, he was involved in many different
business ventures. However, it was his coal business and property-related
investments that made him his wealth. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

See Pan’s affidavit dated 1 February 2018 (“Pan’s affidavit”) at paras 4, 5,
10, 16, 21.

At the material time, he was a retired businessman and a high net worth
individual. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

See SOC at paras 3–4; Defence at paras 3–4.

The Plaintiffs averred that Pan was not proficient in English and could not
read, speak or understand English save for simple words; 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at para 10.

DB disputed this and averred that while Pan preferred to converse in Mandarin,
he was able to converse in English. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

See Defence at para 23.

8 Before November 2006, Pan had both discretionary and advisory accounts with
other banks, namely, Citigroup Private Bank (“Citibank”) and JP Morgan, and he
invested substantial sums with each of these banks. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

See Defence at para 7(a); Reply (Amendment No 3) (“Reply”) at para 6(a);
60Agreed Bundle (“AB”) 46495–46496.

These accounts were opened in his name and in the names of companies of which
he was the beneficial owner and which included the Plaintiffs. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See Pan’s affidavit at para 34.

9 On or about 14 November 2006, DB approached Pan in Taipei, Taiwan to
introduce its PWM services to him. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

See SOC at paras 13–14; Defence at paras 8(b), 13.

DB was represented by, inter alia, Juan and Tsang who were both conversant in
Mandarin. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at para 14; Defence at para 13.

10 In the following months, Pan opened both discretionary and advisory
accounts with DB in the names of the Plaintiffs. A total of five accounts were
opened (including the Accounts as mentioned at [1] above). Juan became the
Relationship Manager for all five accounts. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at para 14; Defence at para 13.

The five accounts opened were:

(a) an advisory account in Fields’ name opened on or around 20 December 2006;
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See SOC at para 21; Defence at paras 21, 26(a).

(b) an advisory account in Zillion’s name opened on or around 22 March 2007,
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See SOC at para 23; Defence at paras 21, 26(b).

and the linked FX GEM account in Zillion’s name opened on 24 May 2007; 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

See Defence at para 26(b).

and

(c) two discretionary accounts in Zillion’s name opened on 22 March 2007. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

See SOC at para 24; Defence at para 21.

11 Although the Plaintiffs had pleaded that their claims were in relation to
all five accounts, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

See SOC at para 28.

Pan agreed during cross-examination that the Plaintiffs’ claims were in fact
in relation to only three of these accounts: the advisory accounts and the
linked FX GEM account, which are those listed at [10(a)] and [10(b)] above. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

See Notes of Evidence of 27 February 2018 at p 82 lines 14–19.

As mentioned at [1] above, these three accounts will be referred to as “the
Accounts”. The Plaintiffs’ claims were not in relation to the two
discretionary accounts listed at [10(c)] above.

12 When opening the Accounts, the Plaintiffs executed, inter alia, the
following contractual documents: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

See Defence at para 28; Reply at para 21.

(a) Service Agreement: executed by Zillion on 22 March 2007 and by Fields on
20 December 2006; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

See 7AB 4650–4660.

(b) Risk Disclosure Statement: executed by Zillion on 22 March 2007 and by
Fields on 20 December 2006; 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

See 7AB 4486, 4510–4515.

(c) DB Master Agreement for Foreign Exchange Transactions and Derivatives
Transactions (“Master Agreement”): executed by Zillion on 26 February 2008; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

7AB 4605–4619.

and

(d) Risk Disclosure Statement (Foreign Exchange and Derivative Transactions)
(“Risk Disclosure Statement (FX)”): executed by Zillion on 26 February 2008.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

7AB 4598–4604.

13 As I mentioned at [2] above, I observe that in advancing their respective
cases in their pleadings and submissions to this court, the parties generally
did not draw a distinction between the Plaintiffs, or between the Accounts,
should there be any distinction to draw. This lack of precision is odd,
considering how some of the contractual documents were executed by Zillion
only and not by Fields, like the Master Agreement and the Risk Disclosure
Statement (FX). By way of another example, the three margin call letters which
will be discussed later were also addressed to Zillion and not to Fields.
However, since the parties chose to advance their cases as described, I will
proceed on the basis that the arguments advanced by the Plaintiffs and by DB
respectively applied to the Plaintiffs and the Accounts without distinction.
Accordingly, I will proceed on the basis that the contractual documents and
all other matters in question also applied to the Plaintiffs and the Accounts
without distinction.

14 Returning to the chronology, around December 2006 and in 2007, Pan also
opened both discretionary and advisory accounts in his name and in the
Plaintiffs’ names with another bank, the Union Bank of Switzerland (“UBS”). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

See Defence at para 7(d); Reply at para 6(a); Pan’s affidavit at para 34; 60AB
46496.

Pan’s relationship with DB and his investment objective

15 In relation to the Accounts, DB introduced financial products to Pan and/or
the Plaintiffs as part of its PWM services. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See Defence at para 54(c).

DB and Pan had almost weekly meetings, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 22.

and from December 2006 to 13 October 2008, DB had almost daily telephone
discussions with Pan and/or his staff (including Chang and Chen). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 22, 24.

These meetings and telephone conversations were generally conducted in
Mandarin. In these proceedings, DB produced in evidence voice logs of the
telephone conversations of around 86 days. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 24.

16 From January 2007 to September 2008, Pan injected approximately US$360m
worth of assets and cash into the Accounts. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

See SOC at para 41; Defence at para 46.

17 As regards Pan and his investment objective, the Plaintiffs pleaded that
Pan was an investor with no sophistication in respect of financial
investments, and that his financial objective was to preserve his wealth and
protect it from depreciation. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC at para 4.

DB disputed this. DB pleaded that Pan was an experienced and sophisticated
investor, who was also speculative and aggressive, with the growth of his
wealth as his investment objective. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defence at paras 4(c)–4(d).

DB alleged that Pan exercised his own judgement and made his own decisions as
to which transactions to enter into under the Accounts. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 20.

18 For example, Yim’s unchallenged description of Pan as set out in Yim’s
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) at paras 26–27 was as follows:

26\. Indeed, at the meetings I attended, Mr Pan frequently emphasised that he
did not require us to remind him of his potential exposures and that he had
enough money to enter into the investments/trades that he wished to. If the
Bank were not prepared to enter into the investments/trades, he would find
another bank to do so. He was aware of the risks and exposures but he felt
that he had enough money to ride out any market adversities.

27\. Another constant characteristic of our meetings was that whenever the
Bank presented our views to Mr Pan, he did not accept them unquestioningly. He
had a very sharp and critical mind and would often challenge our views, and
debated with us. For instance, if we were of the view that a particular
country’s interest rates would be cut, he would ask us to justify our view and
challenge our assumptions or inferences. Mr Pan would also compare our
investment ideas with that of his other private bankers (e.g., from Citibank
or JPMorgan). I often found the discussions with Mr Pan intellectually
challenging and stimulating. Mr Pan was savvy about the financial markets. For
instance, he had insightful views about the debt situation in the U.S., the
growth of China and the performance of commodities. Mr Pan’s challenges were
one of the main reasons why our meetings would take such a long time.

[emphasis added]

19 In terms of the documentation at the material time, Juan filled in, on
behalf of DB, the “Client Acceptance & Profile Report” (“CAPR”) for Pan twice.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

See Notes of Evidence of 22 March 2018 (“NEs 22/03/18”) at p 114 lines 14–16.

The two CAPRs were completed internally within DB, without obtaining
“confirmation” from Pan as to their contents. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing Submissions at para 26(a).

The details concerning the two CAPRs are as follows:

(a) Initially in the CAPR dated 26 January 2007, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

7AB 4497–4503.

Pan’s objective for investable assets was described as “Balanced”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

7AB 4501.

This meant that he was an investor who was “prepared to accept risk of
infrequent and modest losses”, and was “[s]eeking total return both from
income and capital appreciation”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

7AB 4501.

(b) However, in the CAPR dated 24 April 2008, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

7AB 4630–4640.

Pan’s risk profile was no longer described as “Balanced” but described as
“Growth (higher risk/ possible higher return)” instead. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

7AB 4636.

This meant that he was an investor who was “prepared to accept risk of market-
like losses in line with those of the equity markets and who intend[ed] to
meet the possibility of significant short-term fluctuations by long-term
investments”, and was “[s]eeking total return mainly via capital
appreciation”, where “[l]iquidity [was] of no primary concern”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

7AB 4636.

(c) Pan’s risk profile was never described in either of the two CAPRs as
“Conservative (lower risk/ lower return)”, which was the third and remaining
descriptor, and would have meant that he was a “[r]isk-averse investor who
[sought] not to incur risk or losses”, and was “[s]eeking stability and
liquidity through current income and/ or modest return on capital”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

7AB 4501, 4636.

20 A Risk Profile Questionnaire dated 19 August 2008 was also completed in
respect of Pan (“Questionnaire”), 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

7AB 4641–4644.

which Sze believed Juan completed on behalf of DB. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

See Sze’s affidavit dated 1 February 2018 (“Sze’s affidavit”) at para 15.

The Questionnaire was also completed internally within DB, without obtaining
“confirmation” from Pan as to its contents. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

See Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing Submissions at para 26(a).

The Questionnaire stated that Pan’s risk rating was “5”, which “indicated an
aggressive risk profile and [that] the client was seeking capital growth”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

7AB 4644; see Sze’s affidavit at para 15.

21 Whilst the two CAPRs and the Questionnaire were completed internally within
DB, they reflected DB’s assessment of Pan’s risk profile, regardless as to
whether or not that was in fact his risk profile. It would appear that DB did
not think of Pan’s investment objective as being to preserve his wealth and to
protect it from depreciation.

22 On the other hand, the Plaintiffs highlighted a telephone conversation held
on 6 December 2010 at or around 1pm primarily between Pan and Juan to support
the Plaintiffs’ submission that Pan’s investment objective was simply to
preserve his wealth. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

See 59AB 46180–46298; Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 234.

It was recorded in the English translation of the transcript for this
conversation that Juan replied “Yes” to a series of Pan’s statements where he
said: “What I want is not about the profit”, “My main aim is not to shrink my
asset” and “How not to decrease the value, it’s my biggest wish”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

See 59AB 46261–46262.

It does not appear to me that Juan was affirming these statements that Pan
made, but rather that she was just noting that he was making these statements.
In any case, this conversation took place in December 2010, more than two
years after the time the Plaintiffs pleaded that DB allegedly closed out
certain positions under the Accounts in breach of contract on 31 October 2008
(see [70(d)] below). I thus place little weight on this conversation of 6
December 2010 in understanding what Pan’s objective was in relation to the
Accounts at the material time.

23 I make some observations on Pan as an investor.

24 I find that Pan was evasive during cross-examination when answering
questions from DB’s counsel on the transactions the Plaintiffs entered into
under the Accounts. This was so even when Pan was specifically referred to
transcripts for telephone conversations between him and DB, and was asked
questions on the contents of these transcripts. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

See eg, Notes of Evidence of 6 March 2018 at pp 21–27 referred to in
Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 51.

I find that Pan was trying to portray himself as an investor who was fully
dependent on DB’s advice as to which transactions to enter into under the
Accounts when in fact this was not the case.

25 I find that Pan had a mind of his own as to which transactions to enter
into. From the English translations of the transcripts for various telephone
conversations, it can be seen that Pan was not a passive listener who simply
accepted DB’s suggestions and advice, but was very much involved during the
telephone discussions on which transactions to enter into. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

See eg, 55AB 42825 (telephone conversation on 25 March 2008 at or around
2.18pm) referred to in Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 21.

He requested/directed DB to obtain certain specific information for him to
make his investment decisions. For instance, one of Pan’s directions was for
DB to produce an analysis report in English on three telecommunication
companies, and to have the report translated into Chinese. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

See 56AB 43344 (telephone conversation on 4 June 2008 at or around 4.27pm)
referred to in Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 56.

Pan also said to hand him the original English version for him to “take a
look” and that he would “find a telecommunications expert” with whom he would
discuss the telecommunication companies.

26 As early as in May 2007 (at least from Pan’s communications with DB), Pan
was familiar with the operations of the various financial products he
considered purchasing, like accumulators, and he was able to have discussions
with DB’s employees to assess whether to purchase them. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See eg, 55AB 42252–42257 (telephone conversation on 16 May 2007 at or around
12pm) referred to in Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 37.

I do not accept the Plaintiffs’ allegation that he did not understand the
risks associated with accumulators and at [147] below, I elaborate on this
point. At present, I mention briefly that even though the Plaintiffs suffered
losses on accumulators, they continued to purchase accumulators even after 13
October 2008 when some positions of the Plaintiffs under the Accounts were
closed out by DB, although they said that the value of these transactions was
much less than those previously entered into. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

See Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing Submissions at para 24.

Pan also made decisions on the type, size and specification of the
transactions he wanted to enter into. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

See eg, 55AB 42974–42975 (telephone conversation on 2 April 2008 at or around
5.11pm) referred to in Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 49(b); 56AB
43344–43345 (telephone conversation on 4 June 2008 at or around 4.27pm)
referred to in Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 56.

These financial products were relatively complex in their operations (see
[48]–[49] below for a description of accumulators).

27 Pan also had some investment practices which appeared not to have the
objective of simply preserving his wealth and protecting it from depreciation.
For instance, Pan was willing to trade more in a company’s stock even though
its price was falling. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

See 56AB 43344–43345 (telephone conversation on 4 June 2008 at or around
4.27pm) referred to in Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 74.

Pan was also unwilling to enter into a transaction where he could “earn money
now, but [where he] would be cutting down [his] profits to 6% or so”, as he
said to DB’s employees during a telephone conversation. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

See 56AB 43354 (telephone conversation on 4 June 2008 at or around 4.27pm)
referred to in Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 75.

28 In the circumstances, although the Plaintiffs sought to show that Pan did
act on the recommendation of DB at times, this did not detract from the fact
that he had his own mind and that it was he who finally decided what
transactions to enter into and the terms thereof. I also find that Pan’s
investment objective was not to preserve his wealth and protect it from
depreciation, but rather to grow his wealth by taking risks. Pan was an
experienced investor who understood the financial products he purchased, and
he chose to purchase numerous accumulators despite their complexity and risk
of capital loss (see [49] below). He was aggressive in that he was prepared to
take high risks for high returns. I reach these conclusions even without
having to have regard to the CAPRs or the Questionnaire.

29 I also make some observations on Chang.

30 DB’s case was that Chang was the main gatekeeper for the Accounts, ie, the
key person for the Plaintiffs with whom DB would often communicate on
transactions to be entered into, like in relation to information on prices,
and Chang would in turn update Pan accordingly. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

See Yim’s affidavit dated 1 February 2018 (“Yim’s affidavit”) at para 20;
Sze’s affidavit at para 22.

31 On the other hand, the Plaintiffs took the position that Chang’s role was
initially only to safe-keep and apply one of two corporate seals of a company
known as AOC International (presumably owned by Pan). 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

See Chang’s affidavit dated 3 February 2018 (“Chang’s affidavit”) at para 13.

As a colleague of hers had a serious illness, Chang also joined the colleague
and Pan in meetings and telephone discussions with banks. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

See Chang’s affidavit at paras 13, 15.

Chang’s role was to record the transactions which Pan entered into during the
meetings and discussions. Gradually, she also started to arrange these
meetings and discussions. However, Chang deposed in her AEIC that her main
role was still to safe-keep and apply one of two corporate seals of AOC
International. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

See Chang’s affidavit at para 15.

The Plaintiffs also appeared to take the position that Pan and Chang were not
even aware that Chang was treated by DB as Pan’s gatekeeper. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

See Notes of Evidence of 19 March 2018 (“NEs 19/03/18”) at p 69 lines 6–20.

Chang deposed in her AEIC that she did not have any financial investment
qualifications and knew little about financial investments, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

See Chang’s affidavit at paras 9, 17, 40.

and she disagreed during cross-examination that she would discuss the terms of
proposed investments before they were put to Pan. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

See Notes of Evidence of 13 March 2018 (“NEs 13/03/18”) at p 11 lines 5–10.

Chang also deposed that she was not proficient in English and could not read,
speak or understand English save for simple words. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

See Chang’s affidavit at para 11.

32 I find that Chang was hardly ignorant about the transactions the Plaintiffs
entered into under the Accounts, despite her evidence to the contrary. In a
telephone conversation held on 2 June 2008 at or around 2.49pm between Chang,
Juan and Kwok, it began with Juan informing Kwok that “[Chang] wants to talk
to us about how she calculates the [foreign exchange]”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

56AB 43307.

Chang then started talking about her calculations. I will set out the
conversation later at [103] below.

33 When cross-examined on this telephone conversation, Chang denied that she
was doing any calculations in relation to the Accounts on behalf of Pan, or
that she wanted to check DB’s calculations. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

See NEs 13/03/18 at p 23 lines 9–15, p 24 line 10.

She instead testified that Pan did not know she was doing these calculations.
64

##### Foot Note 64

×

See NEs 13/03/18 at p 24 lines 2–3.

During re-examination, Chang explained that she did these calculations for her
own knowledge because she “would like to know in [her] mind”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

See Notes of Evidence of 14 March 2018 (“NEs 14/03/18”) at p 31 lines 2–7.

I find her evidence in respect of this telephone conversation hard to believe.

34 There were numerous telephone conversations between Chang and DB’s
employees, of which Pan was not a part. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

See eg, 55AB 42950–42970 (telephone conversation on 2 April 2008 at or around
3.57pm) referred to in Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 49(a).

DB relied on Chang to convey information to Pan, and discussed proposed
investments with her before they were put to Pan. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

See eg, 55AB 42236–42245 (telephone conversations on 26 January 2007 at or
around 10.21am, 11.37am, 12.02pm, 12.13pm).

35 I do not accept Pan’s evidence that Chang discussed proposed investments
with DB without his knowledge and consent. Pan’s evidence in his AEIC and
during cross-examination was that in April 2008, he scolded Chang for
conveying DB’s advice on accumulators to him instead of telling DB to advise
him directly, and told Juan to explain proposed investments to him directly
and not by way of passing messages through Chang. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

See Pan’s affidavit at para 93; Notes of Evidence of 1 March 2018 at p 67
lines 19–25, p 68 lines 1–19.

However, in a telephone conversation held on 24 July 2008, Pan himself
instructed DB, “Go and talk to [Chang] about [the transaction] and we will do
this.” 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

See 57AB 44317 (telephone conversation on 24 July 2008 at or around 11.31am)
referred to in Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 139.

The fact that Pan would have separate discussions with Chang as to which
transactions to enter into was evidenced in a telephone conversation where Pan
told Juan, “[Chang] has given me ample ‘brainwashing’.” 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

See eg, 55AB 42987 (telephone conversation on 2 April 2008 at or around
5.11pm) referred to in Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 139.

In Chang’s telephone conversations with DB’s employees without Pan, Chang
would also convey Pan’s responses in respect of the Accounts and the
transactions thereunder. In fact, Chang would even tell DB’s employees how
they should focus their conversations with Pan. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

See eg, Chang’s affidavit at paras 137–139.

36 In the circumstances, I find that Chang was the main gatekeeper for the
Accounts, where DB would often communicate information pertaining to the
Accounts to her and discuss proposed investments with her, for her to update
Pan. She was familiar with the transactions entered into under the Accounts,
and Pan also relied on her as he made decisions under the Accounts.

37 The remaining facts set out will focus on key dates and/or events relevant
to the dispute between the parties in relation to the four main heads of
claim.

Trip between 30 July 2008 and 1 August 2008

38 From 30 July 2008 to 1 August 2008, DB hosted Pan, Chang and Chen on a
three-day all-expenses-paid trip to Hong Kong. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

SOC at para 37; Defence at para 42.

39 The Plaintiffs pleaded that on 30 July 2008, Juan told Pan when he was
checking in at the hotel, that DB had helped the Plaintiffs earn a profit of
US$50m. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

SOC at para 50.

40 On 31 July 2008, DB had a meeting with Pan at the office of DB HK (“31 July
2008 Meeting”). The attendees at this meeting included Pan, Chang, Juan, Kwok
and Yim.

41 The Plaintiffs pleaded that at the 31 July 2008 Meeting, Juan repeated to
Pan that DB had helped the Plaintiffs earn a profit of US$50m. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

SOC at para 51.

The Plaintiffs submitted that there did not appear to be anyone else who heard
Juan make this representation other than Pan and (perhaps) Kwok (who had sat
beside Pan during the meeting). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 298.

Pan deposed in his AEIC that he “recall[ed] exclaiming loudly that this was
the best piece of news that [he] had heard in a while”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Pan’s affidavit at para 246.

I will refer to the two times that Juan allegedly represented to Pan that the
Plaintiffs had earned a profit of US$50m collectively as “the US$50m profit
representation”. DB did not admit that the US$50m profit representation had
been made to Pan. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defence at para 57.

42 The Plaintiffs also pleaded that at the 31 July 2008 Meeting, DB told Pan
that the Plaintiffs made a profit of US$19.26m in respect of foreign exchange
transactions alone (“the US$19.26m FX profit representation”). 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

SOC at para 52.

Specifically, the Plaintiffs alleged that it was Kwok who made the US$19.26m
FX profit representation to Pan. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 36(b).

Pan deposed in his AEIC that he recalled Kwok telling him that “the Plaintiffs
had also made approximately USD 20 million from foreign exchange
transactions”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Pan’s affidavit at para 247.

43 On the other hand, Yim deposed in his AEIC that Kwok showed Pan a slide
presentation titled “FX & Commodities” and dated the same day (“31 July 2008
Slides”). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

See Yim’s affidavit at paras 38–39; 52AB 40133–40144.

The 31 July 2008 Slides were in the form of hardcopies handed to Pan and the
others at the meeting. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

See NEs 19/03/18 at p 120 lines 20–25, p 121 lines 1–25, p 140 lines 14–18.

In the 31 July 2008 Slides, there was a slide titled “Zillion Global: FX P/L”
showing a spreadsheet which summed several items of realised and unrealised
profits and losses for foreign exchange transactions, and arrived at the grand
total of US$19,264,844.49. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

52AB 40139.

DB admitted that it had informed Pan by way of the 31 July 2008 Slides that
the Plaintiffs’ profit, including unrealised profits, in respect of foreign
exchange transactions was US$19,264,844.49 as at 31 July 2008. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defence at para 58.

44 At the 31 July 2008 Meeting, DB also recommended Pan to purchase various
financial products, including “the Trumpet”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

SOC at para 53; Defence at para 60.

Thereafter, the Plaintiffs entered into, inter alia, the following
transactions on 31 July 2008 (“31 July 2008 Transactions”), which the
Plaintiffs pleaded generated the following financial consequences
subsequently: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

See SOC at paras 55, 143; Defence at paras 65, 120; Reply at paras 42, 69.

(a) the Trumpet: alleged loss of US$12,493,100;

(b) Australian dollar (“AUD”)/US dollar (“USD”) accumulator (ie, to accumulate
AUD at a certain strike price in USD 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Notes of Evidence of 9 March 2018 (“NEs 09/03/18”) at p 142 lines 24–25, p 143
lines 1–3.

): alleged loss of US$15.7m;

(c) gold/USD accumulator: alleged loss of US$3.05m;

(d) Credit Derivative Transactions (Citigroup Inc): profit of US$327,932.98
(agreed between the parties); and

(e) Renewal Opportunity Notes (otherwise known as ‘renewable opportunity
certificates with accrual notes’ (“ROCAs”)) linked to uranium companies Cameco
Corporation and USEC Inc: alleged loss of US$646,500.

45 I will briefly provide some description of the financial products mentioned
at [44(a)] to [44(c)] and [44(e)] above which allegedly resulted in losses for
the Plaintiffs.

46 The Trumpet was five separate strangles which operated independently of
each other, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

See NEs 09/03/18 at p 151 lines 16–19; Notes of Evidence of 15 March 2018
(“NEs 15/03/18”) at p 48 lines 15–19, p 49 lines 2–5.

and an investor would sell the Trumpet for an upfront combined premium of
US$200,000. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

See Exhibit D5 at p 3; NEs 15/03/18 at p 48 lines 20–21.

Each of the five strangles was for a specified duration and was a combination
of (i) a put option for AUD, with a lower “strike price” (in USD), and (ii) a
call option for AUD, with a higher “strike price” (in USD). 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

See NEs 09/03/18 at p 153 lines 1–3; NEs 15/03/18 at p 47 lines 1–4.

Whether or not the options would be exercised by the buyer of the Trumpet
depended on how the spot price (prevailing market price) for AUD changed. If
the spot price for AUD fell below the lower strike price, the buyer of the
Trumpet could exercise the put option, and the investor would have to buy a
certain amount of AUD from him at the lower strike price. If instead the spot
price for AUD rose above the higher strike price, the buyer of the Trumpet
could exercise the call option, and the investor would have to sell a certain
amount of AUD to him at the higher strike price. The five strangles had
different combinations of lower and higher strike prices and different
specified durations. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

See Exhibit D5 at pp 3–8; NEs 15/03/18 at p 49 lines 6–11.

47 Accordingly, the maximum profit the investor would receive from the Trumpet
was the upfront combined premium of US$200,000. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

See NEs 15/03/18 at p 43 lines 16–17, p 48 lines 21–22.

The investor would enjoy this maximum profit when the spot price for AUD
remained within each of the five strangles’ range of lower and higher strike
prices. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

See NEs 09/03/18 at p 152 lines 7–10; NEs 15/03/18 at p 48 lines 10–12;
Campana’s affidavit dated 2 February 2018 (“Campana’s affidavit”) at p 1052
para 4.8.

However, the investor’s profit would be reduced whenever the buyer of the
Trumpet exercised a put option or a call option when the spot price for AUD
moved outside of a strangle’s range of lower and higher strike prices, ie,
when it either fell below the lower strike price, or rose above the higher
strike price. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

See Campana’s affidavit at p 1053 para 4.11.

Should the spot price for AUD move far outside of a strangle’s range of lower
and higher strike prices, the investor might see his upfront premium
completely depleted and also suffer a loss. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

See Campana’s affidavit at p 1053 para 4.12; NEs 15/03/18 at p 43 lines 18–21,
p 48 lines 12–14, 23–25.

48 As for the accumulators, the type of accumulator in question was a
structured product under which an investor committed to purchase and
accumulate a varying quantity of a product at a pre-agreed “strike price” over
a specified duration. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

See Beloreshki’s affidavit dated 5 February 2018 (“Beloreshki’s affidavit”) at
p 18 n 18; Campana’s affidavit at p 34 para 3.34, p 1040 para 2.8.

The strike price would have been set at a discount to the product’s spot price
at the time the accumulator was purchased. The investor would be obligated to
continue purchasing and accumulating the product at the strike price, unless
the product’s spot price reached a pre-agreed “knock-out price”. The
accumulator would then be “knocked out” (terminated). 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

See NEs 15/03/18 at p 107 lines 7–11, p 108 lines 21–24.

The knock-out price would have been set at a price higher than the product’s
spot price at the time the accumulator was purchased.

49 Accordingly, accumulating the product would be profitable when its spot
price remained higher than the strike price. However, accumulating the product
would be loss-making when its spot price became lower than the strike price.
The investor would be obligated under the terms of the accumulator to continue
purchasing the product at the strike price, and could additionally be required
to accumulate a larger quantity of the product as well (at the strike price)
at a pre-agreed “gearing ratio”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

See Campana’s affidavit at p 34 para 3.35, p 36 para 3.41; Tsang’s affidavit
dated 1 February 2018 (“Tsang’s affidavit”) at paras 26, 43.

The gearing ratio was the multiplier used to determine the quantity of the
product the investor would be required to purchase. At the time of purchase of
the accumulator, the strike price could be negotiated lower in exchange for a
higher gearing ratio. The investor bore the risk of capital loss contingent on
a decline in the product’s spot price. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

See Beloreshki’s affidavit at p 18 n 18; Campana’s affidavit at p 1040 para
2.8.

(For a description of accumulators, see Deutsche Bank AG v Chang Tse Wen and
another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 886 (“Chang Tse Wen”) at [11]; Teo Wai Cheong v
Crédit Industriel et Commercial and another appeal [2013] 3 SLR 573 at [4]).

50 As for the ROCAs, a ROCA was a structured product which was an equity-
linked note with a payoff dependent on the equity’s performance over a
specified duration, and an investor’s principal (that was used to purchase the
ROCA) was not guaranteed. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

See Campana’s affidavit at p 33 para 3.29; NEs 15/03/18 at p 121 line 24.

The ROCA was thus unlike a typical bond where an investor expected to receive
his principal back. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

See NEs 15/03/18 at p 121 line 25, p 122 line 1.

When the equity traded within a specified range, the ROCA earned a fixed
interest that was above the market return. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

See Campana’s affidavit at p 33 para 3.29, p 34 para 3.30; NEs 15/03/18 at p
121 lines 9–10; Beloreshki’s affidavit at p 19 n 19.

However, when the equity traded outside this range, the ROCA did not earn any
interest. Additionally, the ROCA might have a mandatory early redemption
period such that if the equity traded at a specified price level before
maturity, the ROCA must be redeemed for a pre-specified amount. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

See Campana’s affidavit at p 34 para 3.30; NEs 15/03/18 at p 121 lines 19–22.

At maturity, the investor might also be required to take physical delivery of
the equity, which meant that he might lose his principal if the price of the
equity dropped. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

See Campana’s affidavit at p 34 para 3.32; NEs 15/03/18 at p 122 lines 2–4.

Therefore, the investor bore the risk of capital loss contingent on a decline
in the equity’s price. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

See Beloreshki’s affidavit at p 19 n 19.

51 It was the Plaintiffs’ case that the US$50m profit representation and the
US$19.26m FX profit representation were misrepresentations and that Pan relied
solely on these representations when the Plaintiffs entered into the 31 July
2008 Transactions.

August 2008

52 In August 2008, collateral shortfall problems started materialising in the
Accounts. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 38; Defendant’s Closing
Submissions at paras 63, 123.

18 September 2008 Meeting (and the 17 September 2008 Margin Call Letter)

53 On 18 September 2008, DB had a meeting with Pan at the office of DB HK (“18
September 2008 Meeting”). DB pleaded that during this meeting, its employees
informed Pan that DB had written a margin call letter addressed to Zillion and
dated 17 September 2008 (“17 September 2008 Margin Call Letter”), and
proceeded to discuss the letter’s contents with Pan. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Defence at para 81; 6AB 4128–4142.

54 The 17 September 2008 Margin Call Letter was in relation to Zillion’s
advisory account. It stated that there was a current shortfall of
US$41,505,215.56 between the collateral value and the total exposure, and
accordingly, DB requested that Zillion take immediate steps to restore the
shortfall by 19 September 2008, by either providing additional security or
reducing the total exposure. DB added that during the interim period when the
shortfall was outstanding, it reserved its rights under the contracts,
including the right to liquidate any part or the whole of the collateral
without prior notice and the right to terminate the facility.

55 However, the Plaintiffs pleaded that DB neither sent the 17 September 2008
Margin Call Letter nor communicated its contents to them at the material time.
108

##### Foot Note 108

×

See SOC at para 75.

The Plaintiffs claimed that a copy of this letter was only provided by DB’s
solicitors to the Plaintiffs’ solicitors after 13 October 2008. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

See SOC at para 75.

3 October 2008 Margin Call Letter

56 I proceed to discuss the events on the night of 3 October 2008. At or
around 9.56pm, Juan sent an e-mail to Chang with the subject title “Fw:
[Issued Margin Call Letter] / Zillion Global Group [with Zillion’s advisory
account number]” (“3 October 2008 E-mail”), and copied DB’s employees,
including Yim and Sze, on the e-mail. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

3AB 1868–1870; see also SOC at para 93.

As for the contents of this e-mail, Juan had simply forwarded an internal DB
e-mail and its attachment. The internal DB e-mail was originally sent on 3
October 2008 at or around 9.23pm by one Ms Samantha Leung from DB’s Credit
Risk Management to Juan, and the other recipients included Tsang, Yim and Sze
(the latter two were copied on the e-mail).

57 The internal DB e-mail stated:

…

In view of aggregate shortfall in excess of USD 19mio [sic], with the decision
from senior management, Margin Call Letter (see attached) is now issued to the
subject client. …

…

Appreciate your continued effort in rectifying the position and let us know
the rectification by Monday 06 Oct 08. …

…

[emphasis in original]

58 The attachment was a margin call letter DB had written, addressed to
Zillion and dated 3 October 2008 (“3 October 2008 Margin Call Letter”). It was
in relation to Zillion’s advisory account. The 3 October 2008 Margin Call
Letter stated that there was a current shortfall of US$8,950,765.73 between
the collateral value and the total exposure, and accordingly, DB requested
that Zillion take immediate steps to restore the shortfall by 6 October 2008,
by either providing additional security or reducing the total exposure. As
with the 17 September 2008 Margin Call Letter (see [54] above), DB added that
during the interim period when the shortfall was outstanding, it reserved its
rights under the contracts, including the right to liquidate any part or the
whole of the collateral without prior notice and the right to terminate the
facility. This letter was signed by Chiu and Samantha Leung.

59 At around the time Juan sent the 3 October 2008 E-mail to Chang, Juan also
met Chang at Pan’s office in Taipei. This “3 October 2008 Meeting” was held at
around 10pm. DB pleaded that when Juan met Chang, Juan discussed the contents
of the 3 October 2008 Margin Call Letter with Chang. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

See Defence at para 93(e).

On the other hand, Chang deposed in her AEIC that while Juan mentioned that
she had e-mailed a document to Chang, Juan did not tell Chang that the
document was a margin call letter. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

See Chang’s affidavit at paras 403–404.

60 The Plaintiffs pleaded that Chang did not check the 3 October 2008 E-mail
that day, which was a Friday. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

See SOC at para 93.

On 4 October 2008, there were telephone conversations between Chang and DB’s
employees. The Plaintiffs pleaded that it was the following day, on or about 5
October 2008, that Chang opened the 3 October 2008 E-mail. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

See SOC at para 96.

They averred that Chang could not understand the contents of the e-mail
because it was in English (which she could not read save for simple words),
and that when she called Juan to ask what the e-mail was about, Juan said that
she did not know as she herself had not read the e-mail. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

See SOC at para 96; Chang’s affidavit at para 11.

61 It was part of the Plaintiffs’ case that sending the 3 October 2008 E-mail
with the enclosed 3 October 2008 Margin Call Letter to Chang did not mean that
DB had sent the 3 October 2008 Margin Call Letter to the Plaintiffs/Zillion
because the e-mail and the letter should have been sent to Pan instead. As
with the 17 September 2008 Margin Call Letter (see [55] above), the Plaintiffs
averred that DB neither sent the 3 October 2008 Margin Call Letter nor
communicated its contents to them at the material time. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

See SOC at para 98.

6 October 2008 Margin Call Letter

62 On 6 October 2008, DB had a meeting with Pan at the office of DB HK (“6
October 2008 Meeting”). The attendees at this meeting included Pan, Chang and
Chen, and, from DB, Juan, Tsang, Yim, Sze and Chiu. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

See SOC at para 100; Defence at para 95; 55AB 42223.

63 DB pleaded that it had issued to the Plaintiffs a further margin call
letter addressed to Pan, Zillion and dated 6 October 2008 (“6 October 2008
Margin Call Letter”), and DB’s case was that the letter was handed to Pan at
the 6 October 2008 Meeting, and that it had also informed Pan of the shortfall
in the Accounts. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

See Defence at para 95; 6AB 4180–4193.

64 The 6 October 2008 Margin Call Letter was in relation to the FX GEM account
linked to Zillion’s advisory account. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

See Sze’s affidavit at para 51.

It stated that as at the valuation date of 6 October 2008, DB was under-
collateralised in the sum of US$17,726,681.62, and accordingly requested that
Zillion “post collateral with a post haircut market value of USD 17,726,681.62
for value 08 Oct 2008” [original emphasis omitted]. Unlike the 17 September
2008 Margin Call Letter and the 3 October 2008 Margin Call Letter (see [54]
and [58] above respectively), DB did not add that during the interim period
when the shortfall was outstanding, it reserved its rights under the
contracts, including the right to liquidate any part or the whole of the
collateral without prior notice and the right to terminate the facility.
However, the Plaintiffs did not raise any issue with regard to the differences
between the contents of the 6 October 2008 Margin Call Letter and those of the
earlier two letters.

65 The Plaintiffs did allege that DB neither gave a copy of the 6 October 2008
Margin Call Letter nor communicated its contents to Pan until after 13 October
2008. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 153.

The Plaintiffs alleged that there was no mention of such a letter during the 6
October 2008 Meeting. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 153.

8 October 2008 to 12 October 2008

66 Thereafter, from 8 October 2008 to 12 October 2008, there were, amongst
other things, telephone conversations involving Chang and DB’s employees.

13 October 2008 Transactions

67 On 13 October 2008 at or around 1.59pm, there was a telephone conversation
primarily between Pan and Sze. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

See SOC at para 105; Defence at para 99; Pan’s affidavit at para 373.

It was DB’s case that during this telephone conversation, Pan authorised DB to
close out all positions required in order to reduce the shortfall in the
Accounts. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

See Defence at para 99(c).

It was the Plaintiffs’ case that no such authorisation was given.

68 Later that afternoon, DB closed out certain positions under the Accounts
(“13 October 2008 Transactions”), and these included selling five gold call
options, one AUD call option, three AUD forwards and A$80m, and unwinding a
gold option. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

See SOC at para 112; Defence at para 103.

69 At about 7.28pm, Chang called Juan and Juan informed her that DB had closed
out certain positions under the Accounts. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

See SOC at para 108; Defence at para 100; Chang’s affidavit at para 452.

Pan deposed in his AEIC that Chang thereafter informed him of the same. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

See Pan’s affidavit at paras 384–385.

Parties’ cases

70 The Plaintiffs had four main heads of claim against DB, namely that:

(a) DB breached an implied term of the contracts with the Plaintiffs which
obliged DB to provide regular updates on the state of the Accounts and the
transactions thereunder;

(b) DB breached a tortious duty of care it owed to the Plaintiffs to take
reasonable care and skill;

(c) DB was liable to the Plaintiffs for misrepresentation under s 2(1) of the
Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed) and for negligent
misrepresentation when DB made the US$50m profit representation and the
US$19.26m FX profit representation; and

(d) DB breached the contracts with the Plaintiffs by unilaterally closing out
certain positions under the Accounts through the 13 October 2008 Transactions.

71 In so far as DB relied on contract terms in its defence, the Plaintiffs
relied on ss 2 and 3 of the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed)
(“UCTA”) and pleaded that any contract term that sought to, amongst other
things, exclude or restrict DB’s liability for breach of contract or for
negligence was unenforceable because it did not satisfy the requirement of
reasonableness. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

See Reply at paras 22A, 22B.

72 As mentioned at [4] above, DB also pleaded that the Plaintiffs’ actions
founded on contract and on tort in respect of and/or relating to any matter in
the Accounts that had arisen prior to 3 July 2008 had accrued more than six
years before the time the Plaintiffs filed the writ of summons on 3 July 2014,
and were barred by virtue of s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Defence at para 117A.

73 I will address the Plaintiffs’ four main heads of claim seriatim. In so
doing, I will generally analyse these claims on the premise that there was no
contract term which excluded or restricted DB’s liability. I will then proceed
to consider, where necessary, whether there was any contract term that sought
to exclude or restrict DB’s liability and whether such a term was enforceable.
I will thereafter also consider, where necessary, the issue of a time bar.

Issue of breach of an implied term

74 I proceed to consider the Plaintiffs’ claim for breach of an implied term.

Summary of the parties’ positions

75 The Plaintiffs pleaded that it was an implied term of the contracts between
them and DB that DB must provide regular updates on the state of the Accounts
and the transactions thereunder:

(a) including providing information on the total assets, total liabilities,
net assets/liabilities, outstanding notional values, collateral value, total
exposure, mark-to-market value and notional value (“Specific Details”); 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

SOC at para 113.

and

(b) providing these updates daily. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Further and Better Particulars of Statement of Claim dated 27 April 2015
served pursuant to the Defendant’s Request dated 8 January 2015 (“F&BP of SOC
27/04/15”) at para 31; see also Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 92.

I will refer to the pleaded implied term as “the Alleged Implied Term”.

76 The Plaintiffs pleaded that DB breached the Alleged Implied Term by failing
to provide daily updates with the Specific Details in relation to the
Plaintiffs’ investments in structured products for foreign exchange and
commodities, such as gold, and in structured products for equities. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

See SOC at para 118.

While DB provided the Plaintiffs with monthly client statements, monthly
trading activity statements for foreign exchange investments, and various
letters containing mark-to-market values for transactions, 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 53; Yim’s affidavit at paras 8–9.

the Plaintiffs alleged that these did not set out all the liabilities for the
Accounts, the collateral value of the assets, the total exposure of the
Accounts, and all the mark-to-market values of outstanding transactions. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 55–57.

77 The Plaintiffs pleaded that had DB provided daily updates with the Specific
Details, they would not have entered into transactions with a total exposure
in excess of the value of their assets with DB, and they thus claimed all loss
suffered as a result of this alleged breach. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

SOC at para 119.

78 On the other hand, DB denied that the Alleged Implied Term was an implied
term of the contracts between the Plaintiffs and DB. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Defence at para 104.

DB also pleaded that there was no obligation to provide the Specific Details
to the Plaintiffs in addition to the information set out in the monthly client
statements. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

See Defence at paras 35(d)–35(e).

In this regard, DB relied on various contract terms to support its pleadings.
137

##### Foot Note 137

×

See Defence at para 35(e).

79 Further or in the alternative, DB pleaded that even if the Alleged Implied
Term were an implied term of the contracts between the Plaintiffs and DB, DB
had regularly provided the Specific Details to the Plaintiffs. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Defence at para 105.

Decision

80 As the Court of Appeal stated in Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd
and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp Marine”), the
process of implying a term in a contract is “best understood as an exercise in
giving effect to the parties’ presumed intentions” (at [93]) [emphasis in
original]. The three-step process to be used for implying a term in a contract
is as follows (see Sembcorp Marine at [101]):

(a) first, a gap in the contract must have arisen because both parties did not
contemplate the gap – a term will not be implied where one party had expressly
contemplated the gap (see CAA Technologies Pte Ltd v Newcon Builders Pte Ltd
[2017] 2 SLR 940 at [75]);

(b) second, it must be necessary in the business or commercial sense to imply
a term in order to give the contract efficiency – ie, the proposed term must
be necessary for business efficacy; and

(c) third, the proposed term must be one which the parties, having regard to
the need for business efficacy, would have responded “Oh, of course!” had the
proposed term been put to them at the time of the contract – ie, the proposed
term must pass the officious bystander test.

Whether there was a gap in the contracts that the parties did not contemplate

81 It was not disputed that there was no express term in the contracts between
the Plaintiffs and DB that DB must provide regular updates with the Specific
Details, whether daily or otherwise. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 62.

The question then is whether there was a gap in the contracts as to DB’s
obligation to provide updates on the Accounts that the parties did not
contemplate. The Plaintiffs contended that there was a gap because the parties
did not and could not have contemplated this issue as to whether DB was to
provide the Specific Details. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 63; Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing
Submissions at para 50.

On the other hand, DB contended that there was no gap because the contractual
documents had clearly set out and defined the parties’ respective rights and
responsibilities. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

See Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 90.

82 I find that in entering the contracts with the Plaintiffs, DB contemplated
the type and frequency of updates it would provide the Plaintiffs. DB
contemplated that it would provide the Plaintiffs with “bank statements”,
since there was a “Bank statements” section in the Service Agreement (the
document was mentioned at [12(a)] above). 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

See 7AB 4651; Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 90.

This section, however, did not specify the information that was to be provided
in these bank statements or how frequently these bank statements were to be
provided.

83 On the other hand, the contractual documents stipulated that DB was not
required to provide some of the Specific Details to the Plaintiffs unless the
Plaintiffs requested them. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

See Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 92.

For instance, DB was not required to inform the Plaintiffs of “any potential
losses which may arise because of changes in market quotations” (under cl 6 of
“Our responsibilities” in the Service Agreement) [emphasis added]. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

See 7AB 4655.

DB was also not required to inform the Plaintiffs of the mark-to-market
valuation of a derivative transaction, where the “Pricing risks in relation to
Over-the-Counter financial derivative transactions” sections in both the Risk
Disclosure Statement and the Risk Disclosure Statement (FX) (the documents
were mentioned respectively at [12(b)] and [12(d)] above) stated: 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

See Defence at paras 30(c), 32(c), 35(e), 105(g); 7AB 4513, 4601.

Pricing risks in relation to Over-the-Counter financial derivative
transactions

…

You should not regard our provision of a mark-to-market valuation or price at
your request as an offer to enter into or terminate the relevant OTC [over-
the-counter] financial derivative Transaction at that value or price, unless
we have indicated it is firm or binding. …

[emphasis added]

84 I do not accept the Plaintiffs’ submission that just because the
contractual documents were based on DB’s standard form contracts and were not
negotiated between the parties, this meant that the parties did not and could
not have contemplated the issue as to whether DB was to provide the Specific
Details. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 63.

85 Pan was an experienced investor who had advisory accounts with other banks
before he opened advisory accounts with DB (ie, the Accounts). Indeed, it was
the Plaintiffs’ case that the client statements from Citibank and JP Morgan
contained more information, at least with respect to providing the mark-to-
market values, than those from DB. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 70.

If the Plaintiffs in fact considered the additional information important,
they would have asked if DB’s client statements would include such
information.

86 Furthermore, DB would have been aware what information its client
statements would provide. It chose not to provide more information initially
(DB provided more information in respect of the Specific Details after 13
October 2008 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 58, 96.

).

87 Therefore, there was no true gap in the contracts between the Plaintiffs
and DB as to DB’s obligation to provide the Specific Details.

Whether the Alleged Implied Term was necessary for business efficacy

88 Even if there were a gap in the contracts as to DB’s obligation to provide
the Specific Details that the parties did not contemplate, the question would
then have been whether it was necessary to imply the Alleged Implied Term for
business efficacy.

89 The Plaintiffs first pleaded that the Alleged Implied Term was necessary
for them to maintain a higher collateral value than the total exposure, 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

SOC at para 116(c).

and to maintain the margin cover DB required. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

SOC at para 116(g).

In their pleadings, the Plaintiffs referred to the “Credit, banking and
foreign exchange facilities” section in the Service Agreement, 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

See SOC at para 114; 7AB 4659.

and the “Margin requirements” section in the Risk Disclosure Statement. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

See SOC at para 115; 7AB 4511.

The Plaintiffs also pleaded that without the Specific Details, they would not
be in a position to make informed decisions in relation to transactions under
the Accounts. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

SOC at para 116(j).

The Plaintiffs pleaded that as a result, they entered into transactions with a
total exposure in excess of the value of their assets with DB. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

SOC at para 119.

90 On the other hand, DB submitted that it was not necessary to imply the
Alleged Implied Term. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 95.

It submitted that the banking relationship with the Plaintiffs was
commercially workable without DB providing them with the Specific Details. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

See Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 96.

91 I make two preliminary points. First, while the Plaintiffs’ submitted that
the incomplete information DB provided, ie, without the Specific Details,
allowed DB to misrepresent the state of the Accounts on several occasions
because the Plaintiffs had no means of verifying the information it provided,
157

##### Foot Note 157

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 91; Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing
Submissions at para 63.

this had not been pleaded by the Plaintiffs. It is also a separate matter from
the question of implying a term whether DB misrepresented the state of the
Accounts on several occasions, and I will only deal with this under the
Plaintiffs’ claim for misrepresentation (see [70(c)] above). Also, as far as
the issue of misrepresentation is concerned, the Plaintiffs pleaded that DB
was liable in respect of only two specific representations, ie, the US$50m
profit representation and the US$19.26m FX profit representation.

92 Second, DB provided the mark-to-market values for equities options and
derivatives in client statements for August 2008, 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 55(a)(ix)–55(a)(x).

and provided daily summary sheets after 13 October 2008, which included
information on items constituting the Specific Details, such as that on the
total assets, the collateral value and the total exposure. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 96–97.

However, the fact that DB provided some of the Specific Details to the
Plaintiffs subsequently did not mean that providing such information was
necessary to give efficiency to the contracts between the Plaintiffs and DB.

93 I set out the relevant contract terms to which the parties referred. The
“Credit, banking and foreign exchange facilities” section in the Service
Agreement stated:

Credit, banking and foreign exchange facilities

…

3\. We have the right to determine the total value of collateral we consider
acceptable (‘Collateral Value’).

4\. We may assign a lower Collateral Value to collateral denominated in
currencies different from the currencies of our exposure to you to take into
account our currency exchange rate risk.

5\. The Collateral Value must not be less than 100% of the Total Exposure (as
defined below) at any time.

‘Total Exposure’ is an amount equal to the sum of your Liabilities under the
Facilities at any time. If the Facilities we provide to you include a Foreign
Exchange Facility, the ‘Total Exposure’ will, in addition to the amount
described above, include an amount equal to the sum of:

(i) the Mark-to-Market Value (as defined below) under each foreign exchange
contract (‘Contract’), whether or not due, for which you are in the loss

(ii) the Applicable Percentage as we may specify of the Notional Value (as
defined below) of all Contracts, whether or not due

(iii) any other amount due and payable by you to us from time to time.

‘Mark-to-Market Value’ means the amount as we may determine of your loss or
gain, whether realised or unrealised, under each Contract.

‘Notional Value’ means either the amount payable by you to us, or us to you,
under a forward contract as we may determine.

6\. If, at any time, the Collateral Value is less than 100% of the Total
Exposure, we may exercise our Rights on Termination. We may (but need not)
allow you time to restore the Collateral Value to more than 100% of the Total
Exposure.

[emphasis added]

94 The “Margin requirements” section in the Risk Disclosure Statement stated:

Margin requirements

For Transactions on a margin basis:

1\. You must provide us with initial margin cover before entering into a
Transaction. We may determine the required amount of initial margin at our
discretion. The amount of margin required varies with each type of
transaction. We may change the margin required at any time and from time to
time at our discretion, even after you have entered into the Transaction.

2\. You must provide us with the margin cover by pledging, assigning or
charging assets acceptable to us (‘Collateral’). We will value the Collateral
according to our prevailing practices from time to time.

3\. The margin cover may fall below the amount we require because of various
reasons (such as book losses arising from mark-to-market valuation of
outstanding Transactions, losses arising from closed-out Transactions, or a
fall in the value of the Collateral).

4\. If we determine that the margin cover is inadequate at any time, we may
take action such as:

(a) asking you to provide additional Collateral (such amount may be
substantial and may exceed your initial margin)

(b) realising all or part of the Collateral as we think necessary to satisfy
your Liabilities without notice

(c) closing out, liquidating, setting off, realising or otherwise dealing with
any or all outstanding Transactions as we think fit. You are responsible for
any shortfall if the Transactions are liquidated at a loss and the loss is
more than the total margin deposited.

…

[emphasis added]

I add that similar contract terms to these were also found in the “Margin
requirements” section in the Risk Disclosure Statement (FX). 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

See 7AB 4599.

95 From these contract terms, the Plaintiffs had to maintain a higher
collateral value than the total exposure (cl 5 of “Credit, banking and foreign
exchange facilities” in the Service Agreement) and had to maintain the
required margin cover (cll 1 and 4 of “Margin requirements” in the Risk
Disclosure Statement). However, the Plaintiffs did not express that a fear of
insufficient collateral deterred them from entering into transactions under
the Accounts.

96 Furthermore, the collateral and margin requirements were to secure the
Plaintiffs’ obligations to DB under the Accounts. As between the Plaintiffs
and DB, the collateral and margin requirements were to safeguard and protect
DB’s interests.

97 To ensure that the Plaintiffs met the collateral and margin requirements,
DB did not necessarily have to update the Plaintiffs with the Specific
Details. In this regard, I refer to another contract term relied on by DB, cl
2.6 of the Master Agreement, which was located under the “Obligations”
section. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

See Defendants’ Closing Submissions at n 161; Defence at para 31(b).

It stated: 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

7AB 4605–4607.

2\. OBLIGATIONS

…

2.6 The Bank shall at its absolute discretion prescribe the amount of margin
or collateral that the Counterparty or any Credit Support Provider must
provide to the Bank in order to secure the Counterparty’s obligations to the
Bank under the Transactions, and may from time to time amend or add to such
margin or collateral requirements. Such margin or collateral requirements may
be notified by the Bank to the Counterparty in writing or verbally. If the
Bank shall for any reason deem that there is insufficient collateral held
pursuant to the terms of the Credit Support Documents that is available to
satisfy the Counterparty’s present or future obligations under this Agreement
or the Counterparty’s present or future obligations under any other agreement
or arrangement between the Counterparty and the Bank, the Counterparty shall
within one business day’s notice thereof deliver additional collateral of a
type acceptable to the Bank in its sole discretion … in an amount as may be
required by the Bank. … The Bank may at its sole discretion apportion and/or
allocate the collateral provided by the Counterparty amongst the Transactions
to be secured and may request for additional collateral from the Counterparty
if the Bank shall for any reason deem that there is insufficient collateral to
secure a specific Transaction notwithstanding that the amount of the
collateral securing the other Transactions is in excess of the obligations of
the Counterparty to the Bank under those Transactions. For the avoidance of
doubt, if the Counterparty fails to deliver such additional collateral, such
failure shall constitute an Event of Default in respect of the Counterparty
pursuant to Clause 5 below and the Bank may proceed to terminate some or all
of the Transactions at its discretion pursuant to Clause 5 without further
notice to the Counterparty other than the notice of termination to be provided
under Clause 5.4.

…

[emphasis added]

98 Clause 2.6 of the Master Agreement stated that DB would notify the
Plaintiffs of the collateral and margin requirements, and when there was
insufficient collateral, DB would give the Plaintiffs “one business day’s
notice” to deliver additional collateral. Such a clause meant that for the
Plaintiffs to maintain a higher collateral value than the total exposure and
to maintain the required margin cover, DB did not have to update the
Plaintiffs with the Specific Details; DB could simply notify the Plaintiffs of
the collateral and margin requirements they had to fulfil.

99 I also observe that cl 2.7 of the Master Agreement, in a related context,
stated: 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

7AB 4607.

2.7 The Bank may at its absolute discretion impose a facility limit, position
limit, ceiling limit, credit limit or any other trading limit (the ‘Prescribed
Limits’) and/or ratios including close-out ratios and margin maintenance
ratios (the ‘Ratios’) on the Transactions entered into by the Counterparty
pursuant to this Agreement, and may at its discretion amend such limits and/or
ratios from time to time. Any Prescribed Limits and/or Ratios may be notified
… by the Bank to the Counterparty in writing or verbally. … It shall be the
Counterparty's responsibility to monitor its Transactions and to ensure that
its Transactions … do not [(i)] exceed the Prescribed Limits and/or (ii) reach
or breach any of the Ratios, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt,
if the Bank determines that the Counterparty's Transactions have (i) exceeded
any of the Prescribed Limits, and/or (ii) reach or breach [sic] any of the
Ratios, as the case may be, this shall constitute an Event of Default in
respect of the Counterparty pursuant to Clause 5 below and the Bank may
proceed to terminate any or all of the Transactions at its discretion pursuant
to Clause 5 without further notice to the Counterparty other than the notice
of termination to be provided under Clause 5.4. [original emphasis omitted;
emphasis added in italics]

100 In my view, it was the Plaintiffs’ responsibility to monitor the Accounts
and ensure, amongst other things, that trading limits (the “Prescribed
Limits”) were not exceeded and the close-out ratios not reached. Hence, while
DB’s regular updates to the Plaintiffs with the Specific Details might assist
them in monitoring for themselves whether there was sufficient collateral in
the Accounts, it was not DB’s responsibility to provide such updates of its
own accord. Accordingly, there was no necessity to provide such regular
updates for business efficacy for the contracts between the Plaintiffs and DB.

101 In any event, I find that the Plaintiffs themselves knew or at least had
an idea of their positions in relation to the collateral value, the total
exposure and the margin cover. This was particularly so when the Plaintiffs
entered into transactions under the Accounts.

102 For instance, both Pan and Chang were aware that DB assigned different
collateral values for different assets, and Chang was explaining the same to
Pan in one of the telephone conversations involving her, Pan and DB’s
employees. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

See 55AB 42287–42289 (telephone conversation on 3 January 2008 at or around
2.24pm) referred to in Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 106(a).

103 Chang also knew how to do some form of calculation of the mark-to-market
loss and demonstrated this understanding to DB’s employees. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

See eg, 55AB 42811–42815 (telephone conversation on 25 March 2008 at or around
2.18pm) referred to in Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 101.

Chang could also calculate profits of transactions, and she conveyed this to
DB’s employees in a telephone conversation on 2 June 2008 at or around 2.49pm.
I referred to this conversation at [32] above. The English translation of the
relevant transcript stated: 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

56AB 43311–43312.

…

[Chang]: … I can even tell you if you ask me how much 1203 is making us?

[Juan]: Wow, amazing! So…

[Chang]: So, do you want to pay me to calculate it so you all don’t have to do
it?

[Juan]: We want to calculate for you.

[Chang]: Yes, please go ahead. Then, I can check if you have done it
correctly. …

…

[Chang]: Don’t forget my background is in finance! I am in charge of the
account.

…

104 As can be seen from that conversation, Chang was even teasing Juan (from
DB) if DB wanted to pay Chang to make calculations for DB. While this was
meant as a joke, there was no joke that Chang was making her own calculations.
Chang’s reference to her background in finance also gave a different picture
from her AEIC where she said at para 17 that she did not have any financial
investment qualifications (see [31] above). Hence, even if it were true that
Chang did not have such formal qualifications, she was clearly experienced in
financial matters as she herself alluded to. As mentioned at [33] above, I
found Chang’s evidence at trial that she was not doing calculations on behalf
of Pan hard to believe.

105 In so far as Chang also gave evidence that she did not know how to
calculate the mark-to-market value and the collateral value, 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

See NEs 13/03/18 at p 13 lines 2–20, p 57 lines 22–25, p 58 lines 1–6.

it might be that Chang was not able to calculate all the various items
constituting the Specific Details with complete accuracy, where some of the
figures were generated by DB’s internal system. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

See Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing Submissions at paras 60–61.

Yet, in the light of the transcripts for various telephone conversations, I
find that Chang was fairly knowledgeable about the various items constituting
the Specific Details and that she assisted Pan with monitoring them for the
Accounts and the transactions thereunder.

106 In any event, it was obvious that the Plaintiffs knew that they had to
maintain a higher collateral value than the total exposure and to maintain the
required margin cover. If the Plaintiffs were not able to do full calculations
for these objectives without the Specific Details, they should have asked for
them to be provided on a daily basis. They knew about the concept of the
Specific Details such as the mark-to-market values (see [85] above). Yet,
transactions continued without the need for such details.

107 Indeed, it appeared that the Plaintiffs preferred to do calculations in
relation to their portfolio on their own apart from DB. As Pan deposed in his
AEIC, he said to Juan during a telephone conversation on 3 January 2008: 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

See Pan’s affidavit at para 180.

Your bank also has a number of methods of calculation. So, it is better for us
to calculate ourselves. Otherwise, my head will be chopped up by you[.]

At trial, DB’s counsel cross-examined Pan on this statement, asking him
whether he was referring to the calculations for the collateral required for
his transactions under the Accounts. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

See Notes of Evidence of 2 March 2018 at pp 42–44.

While Pan denied that he was referring to such calculations, he was unable to
tell the court what the calculations were for if not for the collateral
required. I add that even though Pan did not clarify what calculations he was
referring to, the point is that the Plaintiffs were doing their own
calculations because they believed that DB had its own way of doing its
calculations. In other words, the Plaintiffs knew they had to protect their
own interests.

108 In the circumstances, I find that it was not necessary to imply the
Alleged Implied Term in the contracts between the Plaintiffs and DB for
business efficacy.

109 Moreover, the Plaintiffs pitched their case at a very high level, by
pleading that DB had to provide daily updates with the Specific Details. The
Plaintiffs’ own expert evidence from Campana did not support their pleaded
case. Campana explained that daily reporting of the Specific Details was
“necessary” (because margin calls could occur daily). 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 94; Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing
Submissions at para 65.

However, in terms of market practice, he explained that monthly (not daily)
reporting of mark-to-market valuation of the entire portfolio was the minimum
standard, 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NEs 09/03/18 at p 31 lines 2–5; Campana’s affidavit at p 72 para 4.41.

and the Plaintiffs themselves cited this evidence from Campana in their
closing submissions at para 93. Moreover, while the Plaintiffs argued that the
other banks such as Citibank, JP Morgan and UBS provided mark-to-market values
in their client statements, 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 70.

the expert evidence of both Campana and Beloreshki, DB’s expert witness, was
that such mark-to-market values, if they were provided, were at best provided
in monthly client statements. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

See NEs 09/03/18 at p 56 lines 5–25, p 57 lines 1–10; NEs 15/03/18 at p 79
lines 3–25, p 80 lines 1–10.

Whether the Alleged Implied Term passed the officious bystander test

110 Given my finding that it was not necessary to imply the Alleged Implied
Term in the contracts between the Plaintiffs and DB for business efficacy, it
is unnecessary to consider the officious bystander test.

111 In the circumstances, I find that the Alleged Implied Term was not an
implied term of the contracts between the Plaintiffs and DB.

Further comments

112 I will briefly address one other point in relation to this issue of a
breach of an implied term.

113 DB pleaded that even if the Alleged Implied Term were an implied term of
the contracts between the Plaintiffs and DB, DB had regularly provided the
Specific Details to the Plaintiffs (see [79] above). 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Defence at para 105.

In so far as this was a claim that DB would not have breached the Alleged
Implied Term if it were implied in the contracts, DB did not seem to make a
similar submission in its closing submissions. In fact, in its closing
submissions, DB submitted that the Specific Details could be, and were,
communicated on an ad hoc basis whenever the Plaintiffs requested them. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 108.

Such a submission would not have supported a claim that DB had regularly
provided the Specific Details to the Plaintiffs, whether daily or otherwise.
In any case, given my finding that the Alleged Implied Term was not an implied
term of the contracts between the Plaintiffs and DB, DB was not required to
provide the Plaintiffs with the Specific Details daily.

Issue of negligence

114 I proceed to consider the Plaintiffs’ claim for negligence.

Summary of the parties’ positions

115 The Plaintiffs pleaded that by DB’s conduct and/or representations, it had
assumed a duty of care in tort towards the Plaintiffs to exercise reasonable
care and skill in providing advice to them as a reasonably competent and
prudent financial adviser and/or banker would. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

See SOC at para 131.

The Plaintiffs also submitted that the standard of care was to be determined
by reference to the steps that a reasonable and competent bank ought to have
taken. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 226.

In this regard, the Plaintiffs pleaded that DB breached its duty of care and
pleaded 12 heads of breaches. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

See SOC at para 132.

In the Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, they grouped these breaches into two
main categories: 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 228.

(a) the failure to manage the Accounts, to advise the Plaintiffs in accordance
with their objective of wealth preservation, and to protect their wealth from
depreciation; and

(b) the failure in relation to risk management.

116 The Plaintiffs pleaded that DB’s conduct and actions resulted in enormous
profit margins for DB, but extensive losses for the Plaintiffs. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

See SOC at para 133.

They claimed all loss suffered as a result of DB’s negligence and/or breaches
of its duty of care. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

SOC at para 133.

The Plaintiffs further pleaded that DB’s breaches of duty amounted to gross
negligence. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

SOC at para 134.

117 On the other hand, DB denied that it had assumed a duty of care towards
the Plaintiffs. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Defence at para 113.

DB pleaded that its duty and/or obligations were at all times governed by the
contractual documents with the Plaintiffs, 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

See Defence at para 113.

and averred that it did not at any material time provide the Plaintiffs with
advice on the Accounts. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

See Defence at para 113(f).

DB also pleaded that even if it owed the Plaintiffs a duty of care as the
Plaintiffs pleaded, it did not breach such duty. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

See Defence at para 115.

118 As mentioned at [73] above, I will address this claim for negligence first
on the premise that there was no contract term which excluded or restricted
DB’s liability.

Decision

Whether DB owed a duty of care to the Plaintiffs

119 A duty of care will arise in tort if (a) it is factually foreseeable that
the defendant’s negligence might cause the plaintiff to suffer harm (the
threshold issue); (b) there is sufficient legal proximity between the parties;
and (c) policy considerations do not militate against a duty of care (Spandeck
Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R)
100 at [73], [77], [83]). The question as to whether a duty of care has arisen
must be assessed by reference to the sequence of relevant facts and events up
to the time the alleged duty is said to have been breached (Chang Tse Wen
([49] supra) at [22]).

(1) Factual foreseeability

120 To determine whether it was factually foreseeable that a failure by DB to
exercise reasonable care would harm the Plaintiffs, it is necessary first to
establish what DB undertook to do with reasonable care (Chang Tse Wen at
[30]).

121 The Plaintiffs submitted that DB undertook to help Pan manage his wealth
and communicated this to him, and so it was foreseeable that if DB did not
exercise reasonable care and skill in discharging its role, the Plaintiffs
would suffer loss. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 183.

On the other hand, DB submitted that it never undertook and could not have
undertaken to help Pan manage his wealth under the Accounts, because Pan
preferred to make his own investment decisions and it was entirely up to him
to decide what transactions to enter into under the Accounts. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 164, 168.

122 The Accounts referred to the Plaintiffs’ two advisory accounts and the
linked FX GEM Account, for which Pan made the decision as to which
transactions to enter into. The fact that Pan decided which transactions to
enter into under the Accounts, which included transactions not recommended by
DB, did not mean that DB did not render assistance to Pan with the Accounts.
It just meant that the decision-making lay with Pan.

123 Despite DB’s averment in its pleadings that it did not at any material
time provide the Plaintiffs with advice on the Accounts (see [117] above),
this was factually not the case. There were many instances of telephone
discussions during which DB gave advice or made recommendations. Yim himself
agreed during cross-examination that DB would give advice on wealth management
to a client for an advisory account. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Notes of Evidence of 20 March 2018 (“NEs 20/03/18”) at p 44 lines 2–6.

Yim agreed that DB had set up a team of experts in April 2008 “to help [Pan]
manage his wealth”; 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

See NEs 19/03/18 at p 39 lines 23–25, p 40 lines 1–5; Plaintiffs’ Closing
Submissions at para 181.

this was in relation to the Accounts, ie, advisory accounts. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing Submissions at para 97.

Also, in the “Customised Wealth Management” slides dated June 2008, 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

See 51AB 39775–39810; 51AB 39811–39851.

which DB presented to Pan during the full-day meeting on 3 July 2008 in
Taipei, 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

See Pan’s affidavit at paras 231–233; Yim’s affidavit at para 34; NEs 19/03/18
at p 102 lines 1–12.

DB stated: “We are committed to providing you with a banking, investment
management, advisory and fiduciary platform that delivers proprietary and open
architecture solutions of superior quality to cope with your needs” [original
emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

See 51AB 39802.

In relation to this statement, Yim agreed that DB provided an advisory
platform. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

See NEs 19/03/18 at p 127 lines 3–14.

124 It was held in Tradewaves Ltd and others v Standard Chartered Bank and
another suit [2017] SGHC 93 that it was factually foreseeable that if the bank
in question did not exercise reasonable care when making a decision to
recommend a certain investment to the plaintiffs with non-discretionary
accounts (advisory accounts), and if the plaintiffs acted on the
recommendation, they might be harmed as a consequence (at [111], [113]). 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

See Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing Submissions at para 96.

125 I find that DB did give advice on wealth management to the Plaintiffs in
relation to the Accounts. It was factually foreseeable that a failure by DB to
exercise reasonable care when giving such advice would cause the Plaintiffs to
suffer loss, if the Plaintiffs acted on the given advice.

(2) Proximity

126 The Court of Appeal has also recently expounded on the proximity
requirement in NTUC Foodfare Co-operative Ltd v SIA Engineering Co Ltd and
another [2018] 2 SLR 588 (“NTUC Foodfare”). I summarise the applicable
principles therein:

(a) Proximity includes physical, circumstantial and causal proximity, and
incorporates the twin criteria of voluntary assumption of responsibility by
the defendant and reliance by the plaintiff (see NTUC Foodfare at [40(a)]).

(b) Other proximity factors include (see NTUC Foodfare at [40(b)]):

(i) the defendant’s knowledge in relation to the plaintiff of the risk of
harm, or of reliance by the plaintiff, or of the vulnerability of the
plaintiff; and

(ii) the defendant’s control over the situation giving rise to the risk of
harm and the plaintiff’s corresponding vulnerability.

(c) In cases of pure economic loss, there may be sufficient legal proximity
between the parties even if the defendant does not voluntarily assume
responsibility to the plaintiff and the plaintiff does not specifically rely
on the defendant not to cause it loss (see NTUC Foodfare at [41]).

127 The contractual matrix is also a factor to be considered when determining
the question of legal proximity between the parties, and this includes
circumstances showing that the defendant never undertook any relevant
responsibility in its contract or that the defendant qualified it or even
disclaimed it (see Chang Tse Wen at [37]). An express disclaimer of
responsibility can prevent a duty of care from arising in tort, by negating
the proximity sought to be established by the concept of an “assumption of
responsibility”, but such a disclaimer will be subject to the UCTA if it takes
the form of a contractual exclusion clause (see Go Dante Yap v Bank Austria
Creditanstalt AG [2011] 4 SLR 559 at [38]). For the time being, along with
addressing this claim for negligence first on the premise that there was no
contract term which excluded or restricted DB’s liability (see [118] above), I
will proceed on the assumption that there was no disclaimer or qualification
of responsibility in the contracts between the parties.

128 As I found at [125] above, DB did give advice on wealth management to the
Plaintiffs in relation to the Accounts. DB gave advice and made
recommendations to the Plaintiffs on transactions under the Accounts through
the Relationship Manager Juan and a team of experts. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 195.

This team of experts comprised at least ten product specialists in various
types of investments, including Tsang (for investment advisory), Kwok (for
foreign exchange strategy), Yim (head of global investment and sales) and Chan
(for fixed income strategy). 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

See 51AB 39781.

129 I consider the type of advice DB gave the Plaintiffs on wealth management
in relation to the Accounts. This included:

(a) DB’s almost daily telephone discussions with Chang and/or Pan to discuss
investment ideas and pricing quotes and to provide updates on the Accounts
(see [15] above); 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

See Tsang’s affidavit at para 34.

(b) DB’s monthly meetings with Pan, in which Juan would review the Plaintiffs’
portfolio and the different product specialists would update on the state of
the Plaintiffs’ investments in the respective products; 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 199; Tsang’s affidavit at para 36.

and

(c) DB’s responses to Pan’s requests for advice on what he should do with the
Plaintiffs’ portfolio. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 207–212.

130 In so far as DB argued that it had given recommendations to the Plaintiffs
in response to what Pan himself wanted, 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 188.

this does not assist DB because it instead affirmed that DB was advising the
Plaintiffs in relation to the Accounts.

131 I find that there was an advisory relationship between DB and the
Plaintiffs, beyond the normal role of a salesperson in the private banking
context introducing products (see Chang Tse Wen at [43]).

132 I also find that Pan did consider DB’s advice and recommendations, even
though he did not always agree with DB. Also, Pan’s requests to DB for advice
in relation to the Accounts evidenced some reliance on DB. Such reliance on
Pan’s part was also reasonable, in the light of how DB itself gave advice to
Pan in relation to the Accounts and provided him with a team of
experts/product specialists in various types of investments.

133 I accept that the advisory relationship between DB and the Plaintiffs did
not stem from the contractual documents executed between them, where in DB’s
words, the contractual documents generally recorded “an execution-only
contractual relationship”. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 195.

No investment advisory agreement was signed between the parties. These facts,
in and of themselves, however, did not preclude a duty of care from arising in
tort.

134 In the circumstances, I find that there was voluntary assumption of
responsibility by DB to give advice on wealth management to the Plaintiffs in
relation to the Accounts, and that there was reliance by the Plaintiffs on
such advice being given with reasonable care and skill. I find that there was
sufficient legal proximity between the parties for a duty of care to arise in
tort, owing from DB to the Plaintiffs.

(3) Policy considerations

135 In this case, I am of the view that there was no policy consideration
militating against a duty of care to the Plaintiffs on the part of DB.

136 Therefore, I find that DB owed the Plaintiffs a duty of care in tort when
giving them advice on wealth management in relation to the Accounts.

Whether DB was liable for any breach of its duty of care to the Plaintiffs

137 The question then is whether DB breached its duty of care to the
Plaintiffs. Answering this question requires defining the scope of the duty of
care and the standard of care owed by DB.

138 The standard of care DB owed to the Plaintiffs when giving advice on
wealth management in relation to the Accounts is determined by reference to
the advice that a reasonable and competent bank in DB’s position ought to have
given (Chang Tse Wen at [72]).

139 I turn to consider the two categories of breaches which the Plaintiffs, in
their closing submissions, alleged DB committed (see [115] above):

(a) the failure to manage the Accounts, to advise the Plaintiffs in accordance
with their objective of wealth preservation, and to protect their wealth from
depreciation; and

(b) the failure in relation to risk management.

As mentioned, the Plaintiffs had pleaded 12 heads of breaches which they
grouped into these two categories. The first of the 12 heads of breaches is
that at [139(a)] above. The remaining 11 heads of breaches were grouped under
that at [139(b)] above.

140 I make two preliminary points. First, I find that the standard of care
owed by DB did not involve DB “managing” the Accounts, as might be suggested
at [139(a)] above. The decisions as to which transactions to enter into under
the Accounts (advisory accounts) were to be made by the Plaintiffs; DB had no
discretion in managing the Accounts. I emphasise that the standard of care DB
owed to the Plaintiffs was with regard to giving advice on wealth management
in relation to the Accounts.

141 Second, as DB submitted, one difficulty with the Plaintiffs’ claim for
negligence was Pan’s own evidence at the trial. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 159–161.

I reproduce the relevant portion of Pan’s cross-examination: 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

See Notes of Evidence of 7 March 2018 (“NEs 07/03/18”) at p 13 lines 14–22.

[Q]. Mr Pan, you said in an earlier answer that you never said the bank’s
advice was no good. You confirmed to his Honour, the judge, that you have no
complaint about the advice given by the bank to you in relation to the
investments you made.

A. What I want to say is that the bank kept telling me lies. It is not a
matter of whether their advice is good or no good. The bank should never tell
their clients something that is untrue.

[emphasis added]

In fact, Pan maintained the same position during his re-examination, as
follows: 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

See Notes of Evidence of 8 March 2018 at p 54 lines 13–15, p 55 line 17.

A. I think Mr Yeo had interpreted it as I never said that the bank’s advice
was no good. But I would not comment on whether they are good or no good. …

…

A. The main thing is they cheated me.

[emphasis added]

142 Although the Plaintiffs submitted that DB had taken Pan’s evidence out of
context, 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

See Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions at para 91.

I do not agree. Pan’s evidence and position at the trial seemed to contradict
the Plaintiffs’ case that DB breached its duty of care to them when giving
them advice on wealth management in relation to the Accounts. Pan appeared not
to take issue with the advice that DB gave, but was complaining instead that
DB “lie[d]” to him. It would thus seem that Pan was not complaining that DB
was negligent in giving advice, but instead that DB told certain “lies” or
made certain misrepresentations. It was not clear what these “lies” were
about. Nevertheless, despite Pan’s evidence suggesting that he was not
complaining about DB’s negligence in giving advice, I will consider the two
categories of breaches of duty which the Plaintiffs alleged DB had committed
since the Plaintiffs were still pursuing them.

(1) Failure to advise in accordance with an objective of wealth preservation

143 I have found at [28] above that Pan’s investment objective was not to
preserve his wealth and protect it from depreciation, but rather to grow his
wealth by taking risks. Accordingly, DB did not owe a duty to advise the
Plaintiffs in accordance with an objective of wealth preservation.

(2) Failure in relation to risk management

144 The remaining 11 heads of breaches the Plaintiffs pleaded were grouped
under the category of “the failure in relation to risk management” (see
[139(b)] above) in their closing submissions. I elaborate on what these 11
heads of breaches pertained to:

(a) as regards the financial products (like accumulators): 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

See SOC at paras 132(b)–132(c).

(i) failing to advise the Plaintiffs of their nature and the risks associated
with them; and

(ii) recommending the Plaintiffs to purchase them when they allowed DB to
unfairly earn/charge higher prices, margins, fees and/or commissions to DB’s
benefit and to the Plaintiffs’ detriment;

(b) as regards the exposure and margin issues: 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

See SOC at paras 132(d)–132(e), 132(h).

(i) over-exposing the Accounts when recommending the Plaintiffs to purchase
financial products to the extent that their total exposure was in excess of
the value of their assets with DB;

(ii) failing to warn the Plaintiffs that their total exposure was in excess of
the value of their assets and the consequences thereof; and

(iii) failing to inform the Plaintiffs that they were transacting on leverage
and/or margin, and the extent of leverage and/or margin utilised;

(c) generally: 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

See SOC at paras 132(f)–132(g), 132(i), 132(k)–132(l).

(i) failing to provide the Plaintiffs with regular updates of all transactions
under the Accounts;

(ii) failing to provide the Plaintiffs regular updates with the Specific
Details;

(iii) failing to provide the Plaintiffs with monitoring and reviews of the
Accounts and to actively manage their portfolio to manage risk to meet their
investment objectives;

(iv) failing to properly and clearly inform the Plaintiffs of the problems in
the Accounts; and

(v) failing to provide the Plaintiffs with proper and adequate advice to deal
with the problems in the Accounts bearing in mind their objective to preserve
wealth and protect it from depreciation; and

(d) unilaterally increasing the Plaintiffs’ credit limit to US$600m without
their consent and/or knowledge. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

See SOC at para 132(j).

145 The Plaintiffs’ general claim was that if they had known that their
portfolio was carrying so much risk, they would not have entered into so many
transactions with DB. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 281.

146 As regards the financial products (see [144(a)] above), as DB pointed out,
the Plaintiffs did not submit on [144(a)(i)] above. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 249.

147 The Plaintiffs also did not submit that DB failed to warn them of any
risks in relation to the financial products, 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

See NEs 15/03/18 at p 125 lines 22–23.

even though during the trial, it was suggested by or for the Plaintiffs that
Pan did not realise the risks associated with financial products like
accumulators. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

See NEs 19/03/18 at p 32 lines 24–25, p 33 lines 1–4; Notes of Evidence of 21
March 2018 (“NEs 21/03/18”) at p 37 line 25, p 38 lines 1–7; see also Pan’s
affidavit at para 104.

In any event, I find that he did understand that accumulators were risky (see
[26] and [28] above). As Tsang mentioned at para 26 of his AEIC, some of the
accumulators which the Plaintiffs bought had a gearing ratio of three, which
meant that they would potentially have to purchase three times the underlying
product at a loss, but by accepting such a ratio, they were able to get a
lower strike price (see also [49] above). While there was some suggestion by
the Plaintiffs that any discussion on the gearing ratio was only with Chang
and not with Pan himself, 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

See NEs 21/03/18 at p 79 lines 3–25, p 80 lines 1–4.

I am of the view that, even if that were correct, Chang did communicate the
substance of such discussions to Pan. After all, that was her role (see [36]
above).

148 For [144(a)(ii)] above, there is no evidence that DB recommended products
just because it could earn higher margins, fees or commissions. This was just
a blanket attempt by the Plaintiffs to tarnish the court’s perception of DB.

149 As regards the exposure and margin issues (see [144(b)] above), for
[144(b)(i)] and [144(b)(ii)] above, the Plaintiffs submitted that DB allowed
them to trade to the extent that their total exposure exceeded the value of
their assets because DB would simply ask Pan to remit more assets into the
Accounts after entering into more transactions. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

See Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing Submissions at para 148.

On the other hand, DB submitted that there was no evidence that it had
recommended the Plaintiffs to purchase financial products in circumstances as
would cause their total exposure to exceed the value of their assets, 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 254.

and no evidence that immediately after the Plaintiffs purchased a financial
product, their total exposure exceeded the value of their assets. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 255.

DB argued that this would make no sense as it would have been against its
interests to be under-collateralised. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 254.

150 I have observed that as between the parties, the collateral and margin
requirements were to safeguard and protect DB’s interests, because these
requirements were to secure the Plaintiffs’ obligations to DB under the
Accounts (see [96] above). It would not have been to DB’s benefit to be under-
collateralised. In any event, there is no basis to suggest that if DB knew
that further transactions under the Accounts might cause DB to be under-
collateralised, DB must either stop making recommendations or alert the
Plaintiffs that DB might be under-collateralised if the Plaintiffs entered
into further transactions. The Plaintiffs knew that the burden was on them,
and not on DB, to ensure that they either had sufficient collateral or could
provide sufficient collateral.

151 As for [144(b)(iii)] above, regarding DB’s alleged failure to inform the
Plaintiffs that they were transacting on leverage and/or margin, it is obvious
to me that they knew this despite attempts by Pan, during oral evidence, to
suggest that he did not even know that he was borrowing money from DB.
Regarding DB’s alleged failure to inform the Plaintiffs about the extent of
leverage and/or margin utilised, my findings at [150] above apply; DB did not
have a duty to inform the Plaintiffs about the extent of leverage and/or
margin utilised.

152 As regards the sub-paragraphs of [144(c)] above, these relate to the
alleged failures of DB to monitor the Plaintiffs’ portfolio and provide them
with regular updates. Pan deposed in his AEIC that DB told him at a meeting on
7 April 2008 that it “would monitor transactions on [his] portfolio to manage
risk”. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Pan’s affidavit at para 208.

Also, in the “Customised Wealth Management” slides dated June 2008 which DB
presented to Pan (mentioned at [123] above), DB set out that the Plaintiffs’
team of experts/product specialists (see [128] above) would provide the
Plaintiffs with, inter alia, “[m]onitoring and review” services. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

See 51AB 39782; NEs 19/03/18 at p 113 lines 2–9.

In this regard, the Plaintiffs pleaded that one of the “representations” DB
made to them was that it would provide them with “[m]onitoring and review”
services as stated in the “Customised Wealth Management” slides. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

See SOC at para 44(d).

153 However, while the Plaintiffs referred in their pleadings to the
“Customised Wealth Management” slides and alleged that DB did not provide them
with regular risk assessments and risk monitoring in relation to the Accounts,
225

##### Foot Note 225

×

See SOC at para 47(g).

this was not a claim that the Plaintiffs eventually made where the Plaintiffs’
claims were restricted to the four heads of claim listed at [70(a)]–[70(d)]
above. Instead of relying on the “Customised Wealth Management” slides, or on
any other explicit or express promise or assurance that DB would monitor the
Plaintiffs’ portfolio, the Plaintiffs only pleaded that DB breached its
general duty of care owed to the Plaintiffs in allegedly failing to monitor
their portfolio and provide them with regular updates. As mentioned, the
Plaintiffs also relied on a claim for breach of the Alleged Implied Term,
which suggested that the Plaintiffs should be regularly updated with the
Specific Details to assist them in monitoring for themselves whether there was
sufficient collateral (see [100] above), as opposed to DB monitoring on the
Plaintiffs’ behalf. I have found the claim on the Alleged Implied Term to be
unsuccessful.

154 As the Plaintiffs’ claim for breach of the general duty of care and of the
Alleged Implied Term did not rely on any express promise or assurance, I find
that the standard of care owed by DB to the Plaintiffs did not involve DB
monitoring the Plaintiffs’ portfolio such as to provide them with regular
updates of DB’s own accord. This was even if DB might choose to voluntarily
offer such a service at times.

155 Specifically, as regards [144(c)(ii)] above, DB submitted that the
Plaintiffs were provided with, amongst other things, client statements of the
Accounts throughout the banking relationship. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 260.

Although the statements did not contain all the Specific Details, I have
concluded that there was no implied (contractual) obligation on DB to provide
such details.

156 Importantly, there was no concrete evidence that if such details had been
provided, the Plaintiffs would not have entered into the various transactions
under the Accounts. This was just a bare and sweeping allegation by the
Plaintiffs.

157 As regards [144(c)(iii)] and [144(c)(v)] above, my findings in relation to
the alleged breach of failing to advise the Plaintiffs in accordance with an
objective of wealth preservation (see [143] above), as discussed in the
previous section, apply. There was no such objective of wealth preservation.

158 As regards [144(d)] above, as DB pointed out, the Plaintiffs did not lead
any evidence on this, or submit on it in their closing submissions. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 262.

159 The Plaintiffs also did not establish how the 11 heads of breaches that
they pleaded respectively caused them to suffer loss. The alleged breaches
were also pleaded generally without specific proof of loss, which is necessary
for a negligence claim to be actionable (see ACB v Thomson Medical Pte Ltd and
others [2017] 1 SLR 918 at [47]). It was insufficient for the Plaintiffs to
just allege that DB breached its duty of care to them or that the trial was
bifurcated with damages to be assessed. The Plaintiffs still had to establish
liability first on the part of DB which meant that the Plaintiffs had to
establish that some loss was occasioned by each breach before damages are
assessed.

160 I turn to consider the Plaintiffs’ closing submissions on the overarching
general allegation about “the failure in relation to risk management” (see
[139(b)] and [144] above) over and above the 11 heads of breaches mentioned.

161 On 17 September 2008, there was a telephone conversation at or around
10.11pm involving Pan and Juan, where the English translation of the
transcript for this conversation recorded Juan as saying: 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

See 58AB 45455–45456, 45460.

…

[Juan]: Okay. Mr. Pan, with the recent situation in the market, I want to tell
you that we, at Deutsche Bank, definitely do not have any excuses. Okay. We
really definitely have no excuses in getting your portfolio into the state
that it is in today. Okay. But, we want to say that whatever money is lost
this time, okay, we will, in the future, definitely earn back the money with
planning.

…

[Juan]: … Mr. Pan, I must admit to you that, actually, whether you are looking
at the FX or stock market, I believe that the majority of our judgements were
accurate. But what we completely did not do was to do a consideration of your
risks. …

[emphasis added]

162 The Plaintiffs sought to use such statements from Juan to make the point
that DB admitted its failure to properly advise the Plaintiffs on portfolio
risks, 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 251.

meaning the risks encountered by the entire portfolio as opposed to specific
transactions. However, as I have found, the standard of care owed by DB to the
Plaintiffs did not involve DB monitoring the Plaintiffs’ portfolio such as to
provide them with regular updates, including on portfolio risks, of DB’s own
accord (see [154] above). Even if the standard of care owed by DB to the
Plaintiffs involved DB monitoring the Plaintiffs’ portfolio as such, and even
if DB breached such a duty of care, the Plaintiffs again did not establish how
such a breach caused them to suffer loss (see [159] above).

163 The Plaintiffs also sought to show that DB blatantly ignored the risks in
the Plaintiffs’ portfolio, and instead knowingly went ahead to advise them to
enter into even more transactions to exacerbate the existing risks. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 260.

To do this, the Plaintiffs referred to five specific instances on the
following dates: 16 May 2007, 15 April 2008, 14 July 2008, 31 July 2008 and 25
September 2008. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 261–265.

However, in response to DB’s time bar argument in relation to matters prior to
3 July 2008 (see [72] above), the Plaintiffs submitted that their claims were
not for specific transactions entered into before 3 July 2008. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

See Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing Submissions at para 46.

Moreover, the Plaintiffs also submitted that their claim for negligence was
not premised on specific transactions but on the failure to manage risks
generally. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

See Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing Submissions at para 114.

The Plaintiffs have, however, also not established how any negligence caused
them to suffer loss generally.

164 Since the Plaintiffs were not relying on specific transactions in their
claim for negligence, it is not necessary for me to address the five specific
instances they had mentioned which were apparently mentioned only to show how
DB had conducted themselves and not to show the Plaintiffs’ reliance on any
alleged breach or causation of loss.

165 It was not sufficient for the Plaintiffs to select telephone conversations
which seemed to suggest that DB was acting negligently or inconsistently.
Having considered the Plaintiffs’ pleadings, the evidence and their
submissions, I find that they have not established liability on the part of DB
for breach of its duty of care to the Plaintiffs when giving them advice on
wealth management in relation to the Accounts. This is regardless of whether
DB in fact failed to properly advise the Plaintiffs in relation to risk
management as alleged.

Gross negligence

166 The Plaintiffs alleged that there was also gross negligence on DB’s part
without specifying why this was alleged. It appears that this allegation was
made to overcome cl 1 of “Our responsibilities” in the Service Agreement which
exempted DB from liability for negligence simpliciter. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

See 7AB 4655.

It is not necessary for this court to address this allegation as I have found
that the Plaintiffs have not established liability even under a claim of
negligence simpliciter.

Loss

167 I briefly comment on the parties’ submissions on the loss that the
Plaintiffs allegedly suffered as a result of DB’s alleged negligence.

168 The Plaintiffs stated in its reply closing submissions at para 152 that
“it cannot be seriously disputed that the Plaintiffs suffered [loss] as a
result of [DB’s] breach” and that this is “a matter of common sense”. DB did
dispute that the Plaintiffs suffered loss and the burden is on the Plaintiffs
to prove that they did.

169 The Plaintiffs pleaded that all loss suffered as a result of DB’s
negligence amounted to US$282m. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

F&BP of SOC 27/04/15 at para 35.

This figure was derived by a broad brush approach in which the Plaintiffs
simply took US$360m, being the assets injected by Pan into the Accounts from
January 2007 to September 2008 (see [16] above), and subtracted US$78m, being
the net value of the Plaintiffs’ assets with DB by end October 2008. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

6AB 4469.

As DB pointed out, the Plaintiffs’ case would then have been that DB
mismanaged the Plaintiffs’ entire portfolio 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 279.

from the time the assets were injected by Pan to end October 2008. Yet the
Plaintiffs did not assert that they would not have entered into any
transaction but for DB’s alleged negligence. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 285.

As DB also submitted, some transactions would have resulted in profits for the
Plaintiffs, and some of the Plaintiffs’ losses would have been caused by
transactions Pan himself wanted to enter into regardless of DB’s advice or
Pan’s omission to accept such advice and by the unprecedented adverse market
conditions at the material time. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 280.

Furthermore, some of the transactions would be caught by DB’s time bar
argument. While the Plaintiffs appeared to acknowledge this by saying that
their claims were not for specific transactions entered into before 3 July
2008, their broad brush approach ignored this limitation.

170 The Plaintiffs even denied that some of their losses were caused by
transactions Pan himself wanted to enter into and by the market conditions at
the material time. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

See Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing Submissions at para 154.

The Plaintiffs then submitted that in any case, these arguments on loss simply
went to the issue of quantum. Such a submission only reinforces my finding
that the Plaintiffs did not connect any allegation of breach of duty with
causation of loss.

Issue of misrepresentation

171 I proceed to consider the Plaintiffs’ claim for misrepresentation.

Summary of the parties’ positions

172 The Plaintiffs pleaded that DB made the following two representations,
which were false and on which they relied when entering into the 31 July 2008
Transactions: 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

SOC at paras 54, 139.

(a) the US$50m profit representation, which was made to Pan by Juan on 30 July
2008 and at the 31 July 2008 Meeting (see [39] and [41] above); and

(b) the US$19.26m FX profit representation, which was made to Pan by Kwok at
the 31 July 2008 Meeting (see [42] above).

173 The Plaintiffs’ misrepresentation claim rested on two bases. First, the
Plaintiffs submitted that DB was liable to them for misrepresentation under s
2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 334, 355.

Second, the Plaintiffs pleaded that further and/or in the alternative, DB was
liable to them for negligent misrepresentation, where DB owed the Plaintiffs a
duty of care in tort to take reasonable care that the two representations were
accurate, and it breached this duty of care. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

SOC at paras 141–142.

174 The Plaintiffs claimed all loss suffered as a result of the US$50m profit
representation and the US$19.26m FX profit representation. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

See SOC at para 140.

In this regard, the Plaintiffs submitted that they suffered a loss of
US$31,889,600 from some of the 31 July 2008 Transactions, ie, at [44(a)] to
[44(c)] and [44(e)] above. Further, the Plaintiffs pleaded that the Accounts
would not have been in shortfall and/or have insufficient collateral up until
13 October 2008 if the Plaintiffs had not, inter alia, entered into the 31
July 2008 Transactions. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

SOC at para 144.

175 On the other hand, DB denied that it was liable to the Plaintiffs for
misrepresentation under s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act or for negligent
misrepresentation.

176 As regards the US$50m profit representation, DB did not admit that it was
made to Pan. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Defence at para 57.

As regards the US$19.26m FX profit representation, DB admitted that the 31
July 2008 Slides which were shown to Pan contained the information that the
Plaintiffs’ profit, including unrealised profits, in respect of foreign
exchange transactions was US$19,264,844.49 as at 31 July 2008 (see [43]
above). DB also pleaded that even if the two representations were made, they
were true and/or DB honestly believed them to be true. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

See Defence at para 59.

177 DB also pleaded that the 31 July 2008 Transactions were entered into
pursuant to Pan’s and/or his investment team’s own assessment and/or decision,
and not in reliance on any alleged representation. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Defence at para 62.

Further, DB relied on various contract terms and pleaded that the Plaintiffs
were estopped and precluded from saying that they had relied on the two
alleged representations. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

See Defence at paras 18(e), 29(g), 29(h), 30(a), 31(e), 32(a), 63.

178 As mentioned at [73] above, I will address this claim for
misrepresentation first on the premise that there was no contract term which
excluded or restricted DB’s liability.

Decision

179 Since there are common elements between misrepresentation under s 2(1) of
the Misrepresentation Act and negligent misrepresentation, I will consider
them together.

180 Section 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act states:

Damages for misrepresentation

2.—(1) Where a person has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation
has been made to him by another party thereto and as a result thereof he has
suffered loss, then, if the person making the misrepresentation would be
liable to damages in respect thereof had the misrepresentation been made
fraudulently, that person shall be so liable notwithstanding that the
misrepresentation was not made fraudulently, unless he proves that he had
reasonable ground to believe and did believe up to the time the contract was
made that the facts represented were true.

…

181 Briefly, for DB to be liable to the Plaintiffs for misrepresentation under
s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act or for negligent misrepresentation, the
Plaintiffs needed to prove that:

(a) DB (via its employees) made the US$50m profit representation and the
US$19.26m FX profit representation to the Plaintiffs (via Pan);

(b) both representations were false;

(c) both representations induced the Plaintiffs to enter into the 31 July 2008
Transactions; and

(d) as a result thereof the Plaintiffs suffered loss.

Whether DB made the two representations

182 As mentioned, the Plaintiffs pleaded that Juan made the US$50m profit
representation to Pan first on 30 July 2008 and again at the 31 July 2008
Meeting. The Plaintiffs submitted that there did not appear to be anyone else
who heard Juan make this representation other than Pan and (perhaps) Kwok;
Juan and Kwok did not give any evidence to this court. The Plaintiffs also
alleged that Kwok made the US$19.26m FX profit representation to Pan at the 31
July 2008 Meeting.

183 As regards the US$50m profit representation, the Plaintiffs’ case rested
on Pan’s evidence and several telephone conversations subsequent to 31 July
2008 where he mentioned the representation to Juan who did not deny it. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 297, 299, 305.

The Plaintiffs further submitted that an adverse inference ought to be drawn
from DB’s failure to call Juan as a witness at the trial, pursuant to s 116 of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed), to the effect that she would have
confirmed that she made the US$50m profit representation to Pan. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 309, 315.

184 On the other hand, DB submitted that if the US$50m profit representation
were made at the 31 July 2008 Meeting, the other attendees, specifically Chang
and Yim, would have been aware of it. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 293.

DB submitted that it was also curious that neither Pan nor Chang ever sought
to clarify how the alleged profit of US$50m was derived. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 296.

DB also argued that no adverse inference should be drawn from Juan’s absence
at the trial.

185 As regards the US$19.26m FX profit representation, the Plaintiffs in their
closing submissions were content to rest their case on DB’s admission that the
31 July 2008 Slides contained the information that the Plaintiffs’ profit,
including unrealised profits, in respect of foreign exchange transactions was
US$19,264,844.49. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 322; see also Plaintiffs’ Reply
Closing Submissions at paras 161–163.

186 I first consider Pan’s evidence.

187 As mentioned at [41] above, Pan deposed in his AEIC that when Juan
repeated the US$50m profit representation to him at the 31 July 2008 Meeting,
he “recall[ed] exclaiming loudly that this was the best piece of news that
[he] had heard in a while”. However, Pan did not ask DB how this substantial
profit was made, or even discuss this representation with Chang at the very
least. Instead, Chang did not hear or know of the US$50m profit representation
on 31 July 2008 even though she attended the same meeting. She deposed in her
AEIC that she received a call during the meeting and was walking out of the
meeting room when “[she] heard Mr Pan saying quite loudly that he had just
heard the best piece of news that he had heard in a while”. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Chang’s affidavit at para 256.

Her evidence was that the earliest point at which she learnt that the
Plaintiffs had earned a profit of US$50m was during the telephone conversation
on 17 September 2008 at or around 10.11pm involving her, Pan and Juan. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

See NEs 14/03/18 at p 15 lines 20–22, p 17 lines 16–25, p 18 lines 1–2.

It was recorded in the English translation of the transcript for this
conversation as follows: 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

See 58AB 45460–45461.

…

[Pan]: … whatever it was, if you [Juan] have told me at that time, 1 or 2
months ago when I have earned 50 million, to immediately cash it out, of
course, it is too (inaudible) to talk about this now.

[Juan]: Yep.

…

I will discuss this telephone conversation with the other telephone
conversations raised by the Plaintiffs at [191] below.

188 It is difficult to believe that if the US$50m profit representation had
been made, Pan did not bother asking for more information from DB or
discussing it with Chang. After all, the US$50m profit was not a small sum
even for someone of Pan’s wealth. Such a representation would have caused
surprise since, on the Plaintiffs’ own case, they were not aware of such a
profit.

189 Moreover, if the US$50m profit representation had been made, it seems
likely that Pan would have ascertained from DB as to whether the US$50m profit
included the US$19.26m profit in respect of foreign exchange transactions.
Instead, Pan’s evidence was inconsistent as to whether the US$50m profit
representation and the US$19.26m FX profit representation were separate or
not. The statement of claim suggested that the US$19.26m FX profit
representation was a separate representation over and above the US$50m profit
representation. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

See SOC at paras 52, 136.

Pan’s evidence in his AEIC also suggested the same. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

See Pan’s affidavit at paras 247, 252.

However, when Pan was asked at trial whether the two representations were
separate, he gave a different version that the US$19.26m FX profit
representation was part of the US$50m profit representation. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

See NEs 07/03/18 at p 29 line 25, p 30 lines 1–11, p 32 lines 10–16.

Pan’s oral evidence, which was inconsistent with the Plaintiffs’ pleadings and
his AEIC, called into question the credibility and/or reliability of Pan’s
account of the two representations.

190 Furthermore, Pan deposed in his AEIC that he recalled Kwok telling him
that “the Plaintiffs had also made approximately USD 20 million from foreign
exchange transactions” (see [42] above). He testified during cross-examination
that DB did not explain how the US$20m was derived, and that DB did not show
him the 31 July 2008 Slides. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

See NEs 07/03/18 at p 34 lines 11–25, p 35 lines 1–12.

However, apart from Pan’s evidence, the 31 July 2008 Slides seem to be the
only piece of evidence suggesting that the Plaintiffs’ profit in respect of
foreign exchange transactions was around US$19.26m. The Plaintiffs were also
content to rest their case for the US$19.26m FX profit representation on the
31 July 2008 Slides. Where Pan testified that DB did not show him the 31 July
2008 Slides, or perhaps he could not recall his having seen them, his account
of the two representations again lacked credibility and/or reliability.

191 I turn to consider the telephone conversations subsequent to 31 July 2008
as raised by the Plaintiffs. In the English translations of the transcripts
for the telephone conversations involving Pan and Juan on 10 September 2008,
262

##### Foot Note 262

×

See 58AB 44887.

17 September 2008 (referred to at [187] above), 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

See 58AB 45460–45461.

9 October 2008, 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

See 59AB 45722.

21 July 2009 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

See 59AB 45972–45973, 46126.

and 6 December 2010, 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

See 59AB 46248–46250.

Pan made some reference to Juan having told him that the Plaintiffs earned
US$50m. However, in all these transcripts, read in the light of their
respective conversations, I find that whilst Juan did not deny Pan’s
statements, she did not affirm them either; she merely noted that Pan was
making such allegations (even if her reply was recorded to be “Yep.”; for a
similar instance, see [22] above).

192 Pan’s point in referring to the US$50m profit representation, on 17
September 2008 in particular, was that DB did not advise him to cash out. It
is also important to note that in the subsequent telephone conversations on
which the Plaintiffs relied, Pan did not accuse Juan of any misrepresentation.
Neither did he say that he had entered into the 31 July 2008 Transactions
because of the US$50m profit representation.

193 The Plaintiffs also submitted that during a telephone conversation
involving Juan and Pan on 11 August 2008, less than two weeks after 30 July
2008 and 31 July 2008, Juan informed Pan that “[a]s seen from the account, due
to the depreciation of the Australian Dollar and gold prices, what we have
been earning previously had dropped by about 10 million”, but added in reply
to Pan that “we are still making profits now”. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

See 57AB 44494.

This was recorded in the English translation of the transcript for this
telephone conversation. The Plaintiffs submitted this as further support that
the US$50m profit representation was made just 11 or 12 days ago. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 320.

I find that this telephone conversation is equivocal as to whether the US$50m
profit representation was made.

194 I turn to consider whether an adverse inference ought to be drawn from
DB’s failure to call Juan as a witness at the trial. In this regard, I mention
first that I do not accept DB’s submission that it was for the Plaintiffs to
call Juan as a witness, 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 337.

where Juan was DB’s former employee and the then-Assistant Vice-President of
the PWM division in DB HK.

195 Section 116 and its illustration (g) of the Evidence Act state:

Court may presume existence of certain fact

116. The court may presume the existence of any fact which it thinks likely to have happened, regard being had to the common course of natural events, human conduct, and public and private business, in their relation to the facts of the particular case.

Illustrations

The court may presume —

…

(g) that evidence which could be and is not produced would if produced be
unfavourable to the person who withholds it;

…

196 In Koh Bee Choo v Choo Chai Huah [2007] SGCA 21, it was stated that for a
court to draw an adverse inference, there must first be some substratum of
evidence establishing a prima facie case against the person against whom the
inference is to be drawn, and that person must have some particular access to
the information he is said to be hiding (at [28]). It was also stated that the
court’s ability to draw an adverse inference does not and cannot displace a
party’s legal burden of proof (at [28]).

197 In Surender Singh s/o Jagdish Singh and another (administrators of the
estate of Narindar Kaur d/o Sarwan Singh, deceased) v Li Man Kay and others
[2010] 1 SLR 428, Lai Siu Chiu J held that it would not be appropriate to draw
an adverse inference against a party from the failure to call a certain
witness when that party had not deliberately omitted to call that individual
or consciously concealed or held back evidence from the court (at [150]). Lai
J held that in any event, the opposing counsel had failed to put to any of
that party’s witnesses in the course of cross-examination that the reason for
that individual’s absence was her potentially unfavourable testimony (at
[150]).

198 Even if I were to find that the Plaintiffs have adduced some substratum of
evidence establishing a prima facie case against DB that Juan made the US$50m
profit representation, I find that this was not sufficient for this court to
draw an adverse inference from DB’s failure to call Juan as a witness. In this
case, Juan had left the employ of DB in around 2012, 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

NEs 19/03/18 at p 10 lines 3–5.

before the Plaintiffs even commenced this action. Furthermore, the Plaintiffs
did not allege that Juan was resident in Singapore at all material times and
that a subpoena could have been issued to compel her attendance as a witness.

199 Moreover, I find that in cross-examining Yim, the Plaintiffs’ counsel had
only asked him on Juan’s role as a Relationship Manager and the following as
to her absence in these proceedings: 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

NEs 19/03/18 at p 10 lines 10–25.

Q. Why did Deutsche Bank not call Melanie Juan as a witness in this suit?

A. We did. We asked her to do so.

Q. Is it a written request?

A. I believe it was a written request to -- by our lawyers and I also met up
with her personally to ask her.

Q. But she did not agree to come?

A. She declined to come.

Q. Why did she decline to come?

A. She said she was afraid to come to court.

Q. Let’s move on to Mr Kwok. No, before that, did she explain why she’s afraid
to come to court?

A. She said two things. She’s currently working in another institution. She
was afraid what this may happen and she was afraid of Mr Pan.

Q. Let’s move on to Mr Terry Kwok. …

Cross-examination of Yim on this point was also general in that the
Plaintiffs’ counsel did not suggest that DB had deliberately avoided calling
Juan to give evidence as DB knew that her evidence would be adverse to it.

200 As such, I do not find it appropriate to draw an adverse inference against
DB from its failure to call Juan as a witness. Even if an adverse inference
were to be drawn against DB that Juan’s evidence would have been unfavourable
to it, I would not have found that such an adverse inference was specific to
this point that Juan made the US$50m profit representation to Pan.

201 In the circumstances, I find that the Plaintiffs have not proven that DB
made the US$50m profit representation to them. Only in so far as the 31 July
2008 Slides contained the information that the Plaintiffs’ profit in respect
of foreign exchange transactions was US$19,264,844.49 do I accept that DB made
the US$19.26m FX profit representation to the Plaintiffs.

Whether the two representations were false

202 However, if I had found that DB had made the US$50m profit representation
to the Plaintiffs, I would have found that this representation was false.
Although DB pleaded that this representation was true and/or DB honestly
believed it to be true (see [176] above), it made no submissions in its
closing submissions as to the veracity of this representation. This was in
spite of the Plaintiffs’ submission that according to their expert Campana,
the Accounts were suffering a loss of US$37m on 31 July 2008. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 324; Campana’s affidavit at p 93
para 5.13.

203 As for the US$19.26m FX profit representation, the Plaintiffs submitted
that there was in fact a loss of around US$0.5m in respect of foreign exchange
transactions as at 31 July 2008. First, there was a summation error in the
spreadsheet in the 31 July 2008 Slides (see [43] above), and the grand total
on the spreadsheet should have reflected a profit of around US$18.3m instead
of US$19.26m (US$19,264,844.49). 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 331.

DB’s witnesses accepted during cross-examination that the summation error was
made.

204 Nevertheless, the Plaintiffs’ claim that the US$19.26m FX profit
representation was false was not that a lesser profit of US$18.3m was made,
but as mentioned, that there was instead a loss (of around US$0.5m) in respect
of foreign exchange transactions.

205 In this regard, contrary to DB’s submission, 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 300–301.

I find that the Plaintiffs have shown that the US$19.26m FX profit
representation was false. The Plaintiffs submitted that while the spreadsheet
in the 31 July 2008 Slides stated that it was computing both realised and
unrealised profits and losses for foreign exchange transactions, it failed to
take into account that there was a mark-to-market loss of US$18.8m, when such
loss constituted part of the unrealised losses. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 332.

If this mark-to-market loss had been taken into account, the spreadsheet
should have reflected a net loss of around US$0.5m (ie, subtracting US$18.8m
from the corrected value for profit of US$18.3m). 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 331–332.

Since DB’s expert Beloreshki himself testified that “[u]nrealised profit would
assume a reference to a mark-to-market value” [emphasis added], 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

See Notes of Evidence of 16 March 2018 at p 55 lines 4–16.

I find that the US$19.26m FX profit representation was false.

Whether the two representations induced the Plaintiffs to enter into the 31
July 2008 Transactions

206 However, given that the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case was that they relied on
both the US$50m profit representation and the US$19.26m FX profit
representation when entering into the 31 July 2008 Transactions, the
Plaintiffs’ claim for misrepresentation necessarily fails since the Plaintiffs
have not proven that DB made the US$50m profit representation to them.

207 I add that in Pan’s telephone conversations with Juan subsequent to the
alleged misrepresentations, he referred only to a US$50m profit representation
but not to the US$19.26m (or US$20m) FX profit representation. Furthermore, as
mentioned, he himself eventually said that the latter was part of the former.

208 The fact that Pan was also inconsistent as to whether the US$19.26m FX
profit representation was in addition to or part of the US$50m profit
representation showed that the US$19.26m FX profit representation did not play
a real and substantial role in his mind when he decided to enter into the 31
July 2008 Transactions.

209 Accordingly, I find that DB was not liable to the Plaintiffs for
misrepresentation under s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act or for negligent
misrepresentation.

210 Nevertheless, I will also consider whether the US$50m profit
representation had induced the Plaintiffs to enter into the 31 July 2008
Transactions, assuming that it had been made by DB to the Plaintiffs.

211 In Fong Maun Yee and another v Yoong Weng Ho Robert [1997] 1 SLR(R) 751 at
[52], the Court of Appeal held that the negligent misrepresentation need not
be the sole and decisive factor in inducing the representee to act and that it
is sufficient if it played a real and substantial role in causing the
representee to act to his detriment. The court may still find that the
representee was induced by the misrepresentation if he relied partly on his
own expertise and experience and partly on the misrepresentation (see Jurong
Town Corp v Wishing Star Ltd [2005] 3 SLR(R) 283 at [116]–[117]; Panatron Pte
Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 at [20]).

212 The Plaintiffs submitted that Pan was impressed to hear the US$50m profit
representation, and felt obliged to continue allowing DB to manage the
Accounts, and so he agreed, without question, with DB’s advice to enter into
the 31 July 2008 Transactions. 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 341.

The Plaintiffs submitted that Pan would not have entered into those
transactions otherwise, if DB had told him that the Plaintiffs’ portfolio was
suffering a loss. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 342.

213 On the other hand, DB submitted that the representation did not induce the
Plaintiffs to enter into the 31 July 2008 Transactions, and made two main
arguments. First, DB submitted that the Plaintiffs had entered into
transactions under the Accounts similar to the 31 July 2008 Transactions both
before and after 31 July 2008. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 310(a).

Second, DB submitted that Pan had entered into similar transactions with other
banks both before and after 31 July 2008. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 310(b).

214 As for the various transactions the Plaintiffs entered into on 31 July
2008 (see [44] above):

(a) The Trumpet: Where the Trumpet was five separate strangles which operated
independently of each other, DB submitted that Pan had entered into a gold
strangle earlier in July 2008 before 31 July 2008. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 313.

DB submitted that the Trumpet was just another case of Pan executing the same
investment strategy, albeit with a different asset (AUD) instead of gold. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 316.

(b) AUD and gold accumulators: DB submitted that 31 July 2008 was not the
first time Pan bought AUD and gold accumulators under the Accounts, 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 317.

although I note the Plaintiffs’ submission that 31 July 2008 was the first
time Pan bought an AUD accumulator since DB cautioned him of an
overconcentration in AUD on 7 April 2008. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

See Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing Submissions at para 176.

DB also submitted that Pan held long positions in AUD and gold accumulators
with other banks both before and after 31 July 2008, including in August 2008.
286

##### Foot Note 286

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 322; Beloreshki’s affidavit at p
22 paras 50–51.

(c) Credit Derivative Transactions: The Plaintiffs submitted that 31 July 2008
was the first time Pan entered into the Credit Derivative Transactions under
the Accounts. 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

See Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing Submissions at para 176.

However, the Credit Derivative Transactions had generated a profit, ie, no
loss was suffered (see [44(d)] above).

(d) ROCAs linked to uranium companies: DB submitted that Pan had invested in
such ROCAs before 31 July 2008. 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 321.

DB also submitted that in a telephone conversation involving Pan and Juan on
11 July 2008, Pan had specifically instructed Juan to look into how he could
gain exposure to uranium companies. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 60, 320; 56AB 43738–43739
(telephone conversation on 11 July 2008 at or around 3.05pm).

215 In my view, it is irrelevant whether the Plaintiffs had previously entered
into transactions of a similar nature with DB or with other banks before 31
July 2008. The Plaintiffs’ point was that they had entered into the 31 July
2008 Transactions not because they were unaware of the nature of the
transactions (although this too was disputed in respect of the Trumpet 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

See NEs 07/03/18 at p 53 lines 2–25.

), but that they entered into them because of the US$50m profit
representation.

216 The first problem for the Plaintiffs is the same one already mentioned,
ie, that the Plaintiffs had initially proceeded on the basis that two
representations had been made and that Pan relied solely on the two
representations.

217 Since Pan had said in oral evidence that the US$19.26m FX profit
representation was part of, and not in addition to, the US$50m profit
representation, this would affect his credibility as to whether he then relied
solely, or primarily, on the US$50m profit representation.

218 Furthermore, as canvassed at [188] above, if in fact Juan had actually
said that the Plaintiffs had made US$50m profit (as at the date of the
meeting), then Pan would have asked where this surprising profit came from and
also discussed it with Chang, who was doing her own calculations. However, he
did not.

219 I have found that Pan was not someone who blindly accepted what DB told
him. The fact that he did not make any further inquiry about the US$50m profit
suggested that he did not rely on it to enter into the 31 July 2008
Transactions.

220 In the circumstances, I would also have found that the Plaintiffs had
failed to establish that the US$50m profit representation, if made, had
induced them to enter into those transactions.

221 In the light of all my above findings, there is no need for me to
elaborate as to whether it was necessary for the Plaintiffs to prove that DB
intended to induce the Plaintiffs to enter into the 31 July 2008 Transactions
by the two representations. 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 344; Defendant’s Closing
Submissions at para 324; Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing Submissions at para 180.

Further comments

222 There is no need for me to consider the parties’ remaining arguments on
the claim for misrepresentation.

Issue of breach of contract by closing out positions through the 13 October
2008 Transactions

223 I proceed to consider the Plaintiffs’ claim for breach of contract when DB
closed out certain positions under the Accounts through the 13 October 2008
Transactions.

Summary of the parties’ positions

224 The Plaintiffs submitted that Pan did not authorise DB to close out
positions under the Accounts on 13 October 2008 (see [67] above). 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 108.

The Plaintiffs pleaded that DB had instead unilaterally closed out certain
positions under the Accounts in breach of contract. 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

See SOC at para 122.

The Plaintiffs pleaded that DB had breached cl 2.6 of the Master Agreement
(set out again at [238] below) by not giving them the requisite one business
day’s notice before closing out the positions through the 13 October 2008
Transactions. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

See SOC at para 121(b).

The Plaintiffs thus claimed all loss suffered as a result of this alleged
breach. 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

SOC at para 122.

225 On the other hand, DB denied that it had closed out the positions under
the Accounts in breach of contract. 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

Defence at para 112.

DB averred that the Accounts had been in shortfall and/or had insufficient
collateral, 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

See Defence at para 99(a).

and on 13 October 2008, in view of the continuing shortfall, Pan expressly
authorised DB to close out all positions required in order to reduce the
shortfall. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

Defence at para 99(c).

226 Further or in the alternative, DB submitted that it had not breached cl
2.6 of the Master Agreement because it had provided proper notice of the
collateral shortfall in the Accounts, 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 121.

and it was therefore entitled to close out certain positions even if Pan had
not expressly authorised the close-out.

227 Further or in the alternative, DB relied on various contract terms and
pleaded that it was in any event entitled to terminate and/or close out the
outstanding transactions in the Accounts as the margin cover and/or the
collateral value was inadequate, and/or the close-out ratios were reached. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

See Defence at para 99(e); Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 157.

228 I mention that the Plaintiffs had also pleaded that DB had breached cl 2.6
of the Master Agreement by closing out positions under the Accounts when the
Accounts were not in shortfall and/or had sufficient collateral. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

See SOC at para 121(a).

In this regard, the Plaintiffs had pleaded that DB had failed to give any
value to their BOE Technology Group Co Ltd shares, Creed Corporation shares,
400,000 Allianz preferred shares and 200,000 ING preferred shares. However, in
their closing submissions, the Plaintiffs did not pursue these points. After
DB submitted in its closing submissions at para 127 that the Plaintiffs
appeared to have abandoned their position that the Accounts were not in
shortfall on 13 October 2008, the Plaintiffs also did not reply to this point
in their reply submissions. I will thus proceed on the premise that the
Plaintiffs have accepted that the Accounts were in fact in shortfall and/or
had insufficient collateral on 13 October 2008.

Decision

Whether Pan authorised the closing out of positions on 13 October 2008

229 I first consider whether Pan authorised DB to close out positions under
the Accounts on 13 October 2008.

230 The parties essentially disputed as to whether Pan had given such
authorisation in a telephone conversation on 13 October 2008 at or around
1.59pm involving Pan and Sze (see [67] above). The duration of the
conversation was just over three minutes, and the conversation was conducted
in Mandarin and Cantonese, interspersed with some English words. I set out at
length the relevant portions of the English translation of the transcript for
this conversation, and I have underlined the words which were spoken in
English during the conversation: 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

59AB 45770–45774.

…

[Sze]: Er, Mr Pan, good afternoon, how are you?

…

[Pan]: ---I don’t wish you guys to give us any more margin call. You guys
think how (you) want to come out, we come and make a final decision, don’t
every day what should come out didn’t come out; what should be done is not
done.

[Sze]: (I) know.

[Pan]: Then again I don’t have any money to use. Everyday it seems I have
margin call again.

[Sze]: Okay.

[Pan]: Is that alright?

[Sze]: Okay.

[Pan]: At the very least, like you tell me, eh, you guys---(inaudible) like we
originally have about more than 300 million, isn’t it? 360 million, then now
you say it’s only left with 140 million. Is that correct?

[Sze]: Er---

[Pan]: This is not untrue, isn’t that right?

[Sze]: Er---

[Pan]: Then now you want margin call again. So, you are still left with how
much now? Then we have---have this figure. You guys as a team come and take
charge of it.

[Sze]: Ah.

[Pan]: Don’t everyday come---come and tell me at the last minute. I also don’t
know what should be done.

[Sze]: So, Mr Pan, since you say we will---our team will discuss about it
again, the things that need to be close out will be close out\---

[Pan]: That’s right.

[Sze]: ---and not everyday drag on---drag on.

[Pan]: That’s right, that’s right. Everyday keep dragging---dragging on, until
the head aches.

…

[Pan]: … Everyday telling me, telephoning me to say you have margin call now.

…

[Sze]: There is something else, Mr Pan, because I---I don’t know if Melanie
[Juan] has given you a figure because up till last Friday we---because the
market is still dropping, so now it’s only about 70 million plus.

…

[Sze]: Okay, we will calculate it again and at the same time, we will
determine what we will close out now, that is, which position to close out.

[Pan]: Correct.

…

[Sze]: Okay, (I) know. We will---we will get in touch with you by phone in
about two hours’ time, okay?

[Pan]: Okay. …

…

[emphasis added]

231 In relation to the line by Sze, “we will determine what we will close out
now” [emphasis added], Sze testified that the word “determine” was translated
from the Chinese equivalent for “confirm” (ie, “que ding”, and not “jue
ding”). 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

NEs 22/03/18 at p 109 lines 20–25, p 110 lines 1–2.

232 The Plaintiffs submitted that during the telephone conversation, Pan had
asked Sze to consider which positions Pan had to close out and get back to Pan
for a final decision. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 112.

The Plaintiffs submitted that Pan did not authorise Sze to close out any
positions in the Plaintiffs’ portfolio. On the other hand, DB contended that
Pan had expressly authorised DB to close out positions on 13 October 2008. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 115.

233 I find that during the telephone conversation, Pan did not authorise DB to
close out the positions on 13 October 2008, ie, enter into the 13 October 2008
Transactions. I agree with the Plaintiffs’ submission that Pan had asked Sze
to get back to Pan for a final decision as to which positions to close out.
Pan said as much when he said at the beginning of this conversation, “You guys
think how (you) want to come out, we come and make a final decision” [emphasis
added]. Pan’s later statement, “You guys as a team come and take charge of
it”, should be understood bearing in mind his first statement.

234 I find that Sze’s references to his team discussing the matter,
determining or confirming which positions to close out and getting back to Pan
in about two hours’ time suggested that Sze was going to get back to Pan with
the team’s view and discuss with Pan so that Pan would at least have his say
before DB made a final decision as to which outstanding positions to close
out.

235 I also do not find that the other arguments of DB assist DB much. DB
submitted that Pan testified that he would have allowed DB to close out the
positions under the Accounts if he had understood that there was a margin
call. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 119.

In respect of this submission, even if Pan in fact knew that there was a
margin call and even if he would have allowed DB to close out some positions,
this did not mean that he did in fact authorise any closing out on 13 October
2008.

236 DB also argued that Pan’s conduct in continuing to trade under the
Accounts after the Plaintiffs were informed about the close-out on 13 October
2008 was entirely inconsistent with the conduct of a customer who claimed that
he had been aggrieved by a bank which had acted without his authority. 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 120.

I do not place much weight on this submission. There was evidence from Pan
that he had complained to Raju on 14 November 2008 that he had not authorised
the close-out on 13 October 2008, 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

See Pan’s affidavit at paras 392–393.

and Raju did respond to his complaint by a letter dated 1 December 2008,
although this was to state DB’s position. 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

See 6AB 4203–4207.

So Pan’s conduct in continuing to trade under the Accounts did not necessarily
mean that he was wrong about the absence of express authorisation from him.

Whether DB breached cl 2.6 of the Master Agreement

237 I proceed to consider whether DB gave the requisite notice under cl 2.6 of
the Master Agreement before closing out the positions under the Accounts
through the 13 October 2008 Transactions.

238 I reproduce the relevant portion of cl 2.6 of the Master Agreement (which
was earlier set out at [97] above): 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

7AB 4606–4607.

2.6 … Such margin or collateral requirements may be notified by the Bank to
the Counterparty in writing or verbally. If the Bank shall for any reason deem
that there is insufficient collateral held … the Counterparty shall within one
business day’s notice thereof deliver additional collateral of a type
acceptable to the Bank in its sole discretion … in an amount as may be
required by the Bank. … For the avoidance of doubt, if the Counterparty fails
to deliver such additional collateral, such failure shall constitute an Event
of Default in respect of the Counterparty pursuant to Clause 5 below and the
Bank may proceed to terminate some or all of the Transactions at its
discretion pursuant to Clause 5 without further notice to the Counterparty
other than the notice of termination to be provided under Clause 5.4.
[emphasis added]

239 The requisite notice under cl 2.6 was one business day for the Plaintiffs
to deliver additional collateral to DB, and this notice to deliver additional
collateral was otherwise known as a “margin call”. The parties did not seem to
dispute that DB could make a margin call “in writing or verbally”. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 135; Plaintiffs’ Closing
Submissions at para 127.

240 As to whether DB gave the requisite notice under cl 2.6, there were
essentially three margin call letters and the related events surrounding these
letters to consider. The three margin call letters were: a 17 September 2008
Margin Call Letter, a 3 October 2008 Margin Call Letter and a 6 October 2008
Margin Call Letter. Although there were some differences in content between
the first two letters and the third letter, the Plaintiffs did not dispute
that all three letters were in the nature of margin calls (unlike in Lam Chi
Kin David v Deutsche Bank AG [2011] 1 SLR 800 (“Lam Chi Kin David”) at
[19]–[20]). This was so even though one of their experts, Walford, drew a
distinction in his report between a margin call and a situation where a bank
informs a client of a collateral shortfall without specifying the value of the
additional collateral to deliver and the time period within which the client
must deliver the additional collateral. 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 126–127; Walford’s affidavit
dated 31 January 2018 at p 55 paras 9.126–9.127.

I will consider the three letters in turn.

241 I mention one other point first, having set out cl 2.6. I note that the
parties did not plead or submit on the “notice of termination to be provided
under Clause 5.4”, referred to at the end of cl 2.6. Since there was no
pleading or submission about it, I will proceed on the basis that it was not
in issue between the parties.

(1) 17 September 2008 Margin Call Letter

242 There was some dispute between the parties as to whether DB communicated
the contents of the 17 September 2008 Margin Call Letter to the Plaintiffs
during the 18 September 2008 Meeting (see [53] and [55] above).

243 However, I find that, in any event, the 17 September 2008 Margin Call
Letter and/or any communication of its contents would not constitute the
requisite notice under cl 2.6 of the Master Agreement. There did not seem to
be a dispute between the parties that any collateral shortfall which was the
subject of the 17 September 2008 Margin Call Letter was rectified a few days
later. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 134.

Yim and Sze had agreed in cross-examination that the collateral shortfall was
rectified a few days later (like as at 25 September 2008). 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 133; NEs 20/03/18 at p 68 lines
5–9; NEs 22/03/18 at p 67 lines 24–25, p 68.

(2) 3 October 2008 Margin Call Letter

244 The 3 October 2008 Margin Call Letter was contained in the attachment of
the 3 October 2008 E-mail which Juan sent Chang on 3 October 2008 at or around
9.56pm (see [56] and [58] above). DB also pleaded that at the 3 October 2008
Meeting when Juan met Chang at Pan’s office in Taipei, Juan discussed the
contents of the 3 October 2008 Margin Call Letter with Chang (see [59] above).

245 As mentioned at [58] above, the 3 October 2008 Margin Call Letter stated
that there was a current shortfall of US$8,950,765.73 between the collateral
value and the total exposure, and accordingly, DB requested that Zillion take
immediate steps to restore the shortfall by 6 October 2008, by either
providing additional security or reducing the total exposure. DB added that
during the interim period when the shortfall was outstanding, it reserved its
rights under the contracts, including the right to liquidate any part or the
whole of the collateral without prior notice and the right to terminate the
facility.

246 As regards the pleadings in relation to the 3 October 2008 Margin Call
Letter, the Plaintiffs pleaded in their statement of claim that DB neither
sent the 3 October 2008 Margin Call Letter nor communicated its contents to
the Plaintiffs themselves on 3 October 2008 or at all. 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

See SOC at para 98.

DB pleaded in its defence that the Plaintiffs were aware of the 3 October 2008
Margin Call Letter as DB’s representatives had communicated its contents to
Chang in person at the 3 October 2008 Meeting as well as over the telephone on
3 October 2008. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

See Defence at paras 93, 93(e).

To this pleading, the Plaintiffs in its reply only joined issue with DB,
without any elaboration. 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

See Reply at para 56.

247 It was in Chang’s AEIC that she deposed that she had “no authority” under
the Accounts and that Juan should have sent the 3 October 2008 Margin Call
Letter directly to Pan. 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

See Chang’s affidavit at para 406.

It was in Pan’s AEIC that he deposed that DB only gave him a copy of this
letter after 13 October 2008. 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

See Pan’s affidavit at para 351.

248 As regards the parties’ closing submissions, DB submitted that it was
proper for it to inform the Plaintiffs of the 3 October 2008 Margin Call
Letter by sending a copy of it to Chang instead of to Pan. 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 143.

DB argued that Pan had intimated by his conduct that Chang was authorised to
discuss all matters relating to the Accounts with DB, 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 141.

although Chang was not authorised to make any decision as to which transaction
to enter into. DB cited the High Court case of Goldrich Venture Pte Ltd and
another v Halcyon Offshore Pte Ltd [2015] 3 SLR 990 at [55] for a proposition
about ostensible authority (also known as apparent authority) arising where
there has been a representation by the conduct of a principal. DB submitted
that Pan had never raised any issues or restrictions on the
matters/information that Chang could discuss with or obtain from DB. 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 139.

DB contended that Chang also did not previously take the position that she had
no authority to communicate with DB on the collateral or margin position of
the Accounts. 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 138(c)(iv).

249 On the other hand, the Plaintiffs submitted that sending a copy of the 3
October 2008 Margin Call Letter to Chang did not mean that it was sent to the
Plaintiffs because DB needed specific authorisation from Pan before it could
send such account-related information to Chang, and there was no such
authorisation. 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 142–144.

Based on the contractual documents, Chang was not named as an authorised
signatory of any of the Accounts. 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

See 7AB 4486, 4510, 4598, 4616.

The authorised signatory was either Pan (singly) or his two sons (jointly).
326

##### Foot Note 326

×

See also Pan’s affidavit at paras 63, 123.

250 As a preliminary point, I do not place much weight on Exhibit P6 which is
the English translation of a letter from Pan addressed to DB dated 28 April
2009, which had been typewritten in Chinese requesting DB to send account-
related information to Chang. 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

See also 6AB 4345.

The Plaintiffs raised this letter as an example of how DB required such
specific authorisation from Pan before it could send account-related
information to Chang. 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 144.

Whether or not it was DB that required this letter before sending such
information to Chang, this letter was sent some months after the close-out on
13 October 2008. The letter is thus equivocal as to whether DB could send
account-related information to Chang before 13 October 2008, because the
letter could instead show that the parties were being more careful as to how
account-related information was being conveyed after 13 October 2008.

251 On the concept of ostensible authority, the Court of Appeal in Tribune
Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407 at [48] cited
with approval Lord Keith of Kinkel’s explanation in Armagas Ltd v Mundogas SA
(The “Ocean Frost”) [1986] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 109 at 112 as follows:

… Ostensible authority comes about where the principal, by words or conduct,
has represented that the agent has the requisite actual authority, and the
party dealing with the agent has entered into a contract with him in reliance
on that representation. The principle in these circumstances is estoppel from
denying that actual authority existed. In the commonly encountered case, the
ostensible authority is general in character, arising when the principal has
placed the agent in a position which in the outside world is generally
regarded as carrying authority to enter into transactions of the kind in
question. Ostensible general authority may also arise where the agent has had
a course of dealing with a particular contractor and the principal has
acquiesced in this course of dealing and honoured transactions arising out of
it. … [emphasis added]

The Court of Appeal in Guy Neale and others v Ku De Ta SG Pte Ltd [2015] 4 SLR
283 (“Guy Neale”) stated that the question of apparent authority is a question
of mixed fact and law, and it is thus important to “analyse the facts to
ascertain what exactly the alleged representation is” (at [98]).

252 I note also that the Court of Appeal in Guy Neale analysed the doctrine of
ostensible authority as an instance of estoppel (at [95]–[97]). In the
subsequent case of The “Bunga Melati 5” [2016] 2 SLR 1114, the Court of Appeal
noted its decision in Guy Neale, and did not think it necessary on the facts
of the case before it to decide whether there is a real difference between the
doctrines of ostensible authority and of agency by estoppel (at [12]). Neither
is it necessary for me to consider whether there is any such difference on the
facts in the present case.

253 Yim gave evidence as to how DB was to issue a margin call to Pan. I set
out Yim’s evidence during cross-examination: 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

NEs 20/03/18 at p 71 lines 8–25, p 72 lines 1–21.

Q. Were you the one who instructed Ms Juan to send the letter via email?

A. No. The -- the instruction was for the RM [Relationship Manager] to send
the margin call letters to the clients.

Q. So it wasn’t your instruction as well for Ms Juan to actually send the
margin call letter to Grace Chang?

A. Not that I was aware of.

Q. So that was a decision which Ms Melanie Juan made herself?

A. I don’t know.

Q. Would you agree with me, and I think you probably would given your evidence
earlier, that the 3 October margin call letter should have been sent to Mr
Pan?

A. I would agree that that would have followed up to send to Mr Pan, but I
think margin calls are verbal as well as letter. But, yes, if you ask me in
hindsight would I have copied -- would we better copy everyone else, the
answer is yes.

Q. You referred to verbal communications.

A. Yes.

Q. I’m going to suggest to you that even if Deutsche Bank wanted to make a
verbal margin call, that should have been done to Mr Pan directly. Would you
agree with me?

A. I would agree with you that Mr Pan needed to know that was his case.

Q. Yes, because he’s the authorised person under the plaintiffs’ account,
right, Mr Yim?

A. Yes, he is.

Q. Ms Grace Chang, I think we have gone through this yesterday, does not have
any authority under the accounts, right, Mr Yim?

A. That is the understanding you have shown me.

Q. I don’t believe that Mr Pan had given the bank any express authorisation to
send the 3 October 2008 margin call letter to Ms Chang, right, Mr Yim?

A. That is correct although Grace has been -- was involved all the way, but
you are right from that perspective there was -- not that I know of from an
explicit written letter.

[emphasis added]

Yim testified that Pan was the authorised person named under the Accounts and
Yim did not dispute that, as such, Chang did not have any authority under the
Accounts. However, this did not answer the question as to whether or not Chang
had ostensible authority to receive a margin call from DB on behalf of the
Plaintiffs.

254 In this case, as mentioned at [36] above, Chang was the main gatekeeper
for the Accounts. There was frequent communication in the past between Chang
and DB on various matters pertaining to the Accounts including the discussion
of the collateral position of the Accounts. Chang agreed during cross-
examination that she would convey to Pan what DB told her about insufficient
collateral from August 2008 to October 2008. 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

See NEs 13/03/18 at p 48 lines 10–15.

In this regard, Pan was aware that DB was conveying information about
insufficient collateral to Chang, and that Chang was in turn conveying such
information to him. In Pan’s AEIC at para 354, he said that he did not recall
Juan informing him of any collateral shortfall (on 3 October 2008). Instead,
he heard about the shortfall from Chang. Significantly, at that time, he did
not protest to DB to say that such information should have been given to him
directly instead of to Chang.

255 In the circumstances, I find that Pan represented, at least by his
conduct, that Chang had the requisite authority to receive a margin call from
DB on behalf of the Plaintiffs, and that DB relied upon this representation in
sending her a copy of the 3 October 2008 Margin Call Letter. This
representation was made by Pan acquiescing, and not objecting, to the course
of dealing where DB had discussions with Chang on virtually all matters
pertaining to the Accounts, including on the collateral position of the
Accounts. I thus find that Chang had ostensible authority to receive a margin
call from DB. In the light of this, I find that the Plaintiffs were estopped
from asserting that Chang was not authorised to receive a margin call from DB.

256 Where the 3 October 2008 E-mail and its attachment, ie, the 3 October 2008
Margin Call Letter, were sent to Chang, I find that DB had given the requisite
notice under cl 2.6 of the Master Agreement. This is in spite of the
Plaintiffs’ submission that Chang could not understand the contents of the
e-mail and the letter because they were in English. 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

See SOC at para 96; Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 149.

Most, if not all, of the written communication from DB’s employees to Chang
were in English. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

See NEs 14/03/18 at p 45 lines 4–25.

257 Chang said that she did not open the 3 October 2008 E-mail until 5 October
2008. She also said that she did not understand the contents of the e-mail and
its attachment and that when she asked Juan about them, Juan said that she
herself did not know their contents because she had not read the e-mail. Chang
said that Juan told her the e-mail was not important since they were going to
meet the next day, ie, on 6 October 2008. 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

See Chang’s affidavit at para 404.

258 I do not accept that Chang only opened the 3 October 2008 E-mail on 5
October 2008, even though 3 October 2008 was a Friday and the e-mail was sent
late that night. This was a tense time for financial institutions and
investors. Chang said that Juan had informed her that she (Juan) had e-mailed
her a document when they met that night, ie, the 3 October 2008 Meeting. Chang
would have opened the e-mail by the next day, ie, 4 October 2008.

259 During cross-examination, Tsang raised two telephone conversations that
took place on 4 October 2008 between him, Juan and Chang at or around 11.04pm
and 11.37pm respectively, 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

See 59AB 45593–45621; 59AB 45622–45632.

to show that they were discussing how to tell Pan at the 6 October 2008
Meeting about the issue of a margin call. 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

See NEs 21/03/18 at pp 128–140; Tsang’s affidavit at para 84.

Of note is what Juan said during the telephone conversation at or around
11.37pm, as recorded in the English translation of the relevant transcript
(the words which were spoken in English are underlined): 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

59AB 45628–45629.

[Juan]: … Grace, I---I feel that I will still tell him, that is, ‘Mr Pan,’ I
still want to tell him about ‘the pressure of this margin call,’ and also
‘your---your liabilities are like this.’ I feel that I will definitely---I
will definitely mention (it) …

260 Furthermore, whether Chang had opened the 3 October 2008 E-mail and its
attachment on 4 October 2008 or on 5 October 2008, I do not accept that Juan
told Chang that Juan herself did not know the contents of the attachment
because she had not read the e-mail. Juan must have known the contents and
their importance. She had been told to make a margin call (see [57] above) and
she took the trouble to send the e-mail and its attachment at a late hour on 3
October 2008.

261 In my view, Chang had understood the contents of the e-mail and its
attachment either from Juan or one of Chang’s own colleagues or she could read
enough English to understand them. She was preparing for Pan’s meeting with DB
on 6 October 2008, as evidenced by the telephone conversations on 4 October
2008, so that even if she learnt of the e-mail and its attachment only on 5
October 2008, she would have ensured that she understood their contents by 6
October 2008.

262 I note also that Chang deposed in her AEIC that she told Juan during the
telephone conversation on 4 October 2008 at or around 11.04pm that Juan should
be discussing the margin issues with Pan directly. 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

See Chang’s affidavit at para 418.

In my view, Chang was uncomfortable in relaying the margin call from DB to Pan
directly, but this did not mean that she did not have ostensible authority to
receive the margin call from DB on behalf of the Plaintiffs. As mentioned,
where the 3 October 2008 E-mail and its attachment, ie, the 3 October 2008
Margin Call Letter, were sent to Chang, DB had given the requisite notice
under cl 2.6 of the Master Agreement (see [256] above), regardless of whether
Chang subsequently relayed the margin call to Pan. In any case, where Chang
informed Pan of the collateral shortfall in the Accounts on 3 October 2008
prior to the 6 October 2008 Meeting (see [254] above), I am of the view that
she would have also relayed the margin call from DB to Pan, and that she would
not have confined her discussion with Pan to just merely informing him about a
collateral shortfall.

(3) 6 October 2008 Margin Call Letter

263 I proceed to consider the 6 October 2008 Margin Call Letter. DB pleaded
that during the 6 October 2008 Meeting, it had issued to the Plaintiffs that
letter. DB’s case was that the letter was handed to Pan at the 6 October 2008
Meeting, and that it had also informed Pan of the shortfall in the Accounts
(see [63] above). On the other hand, the Plaintiffs submitted that DB neither
gave a copy of the 6 October 2008 Margin Call Letter nor communicated its
contents to Pan until after 13 October 2008 (see [65] above). The Plaintiffs
submitted that there was no mention of such a letter during the 6 October 2008
Meeting.

264 In this regard, the parties sought to adduce evidence, including
circumstantial evidence, to prove that Pan was or was not handed the 6 October
2008 Margin Call Letter, and relatedly whether he was or was not aware of this
margin call.

265 As mentioned, the attendees at the 6 October 2008 Meeting included Pan,
Chang and Chen, and, from DB, Juan, Tsang, Yim, Sze and Chiu (see [62] above).

266 I first consider the evidence from the employees of DB who were present at
the 6 October 2008 Meeting. Juan was not a witness in these proceedings. Tsang
did not give any evidence as to whether a copy of the 6 October 2008 Margin
Call Letter was provided to Pan. 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

Tsang’s affidavit at para 86.

Yim deposed in his AEIC that the collateral shortfall in the Accounts was
communicated to Pan although Yim could not specifically recall if a copy of
the 6 October 2008 Margin Call Letter was provided to Pan. 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

Yim’s affidavit at para 66.

267 Sze was the only employee of DB who gave more detailed evidence in
relation to the 6 October 2008 Margin Call Letter. I set out Sze’s evidence
during cross-examination: 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

NEs 22/03/18 at p 85 line 25, p 86 lines 1–19, p 87 lines 24–25, p 88 lines
1–8.

A. … But the point was, before going into the door -- okay, glass door of that
meeting, I told Ms Juan, ‘We need to -- you need to present physically the
letter to Mr Pan.’ Because in the meeting, Dennis [Chiu] was there. He -- he
came from credit risk management department. In this meeting, he was the
policeman to make sure that we do that. So I have this very clear memory.

Q. Your evidence is you told Ms Juan before you entered the glass door to give
that letter?

A. To remind her.

…

Q. But did you see her physically give the letter to Mr Pan during the
meeting?

A. I do not recall. But it should happen like that.

Q. Mr Sze, I'm just asking – it’s either you do not recall or it happened. So
is it you do not recall or did you really see Ms Juan give that letter to Mr
Pan?

A. I do not recall it happened.

…

Q. So do you want to change your evidence at paragraph 52 [of your AEIC] when
you say ‘at the meeting, Melanie [Juan] provided Mr Pan with the 6 October
2008 margin call letter’?

A. I would say I would change -- I believe Melanie provided.

Q. So it’s:

‘I believe Melanie provided Mr Pan with the 6 October 2008 margin call
letter.’

Right?

A. Yes.

[emphasis added]

268 The Plaintiffs submitted that if the fact that Juan had to present the 6
October 2008 Margin Call Letter to Pan at the meeting was weighing on Sze’s
mind, he must have taken note and would have remembered if Juan physically
gave a copy of the letter to Pan. 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 163.

269 As for Chiu, despite being the “policeman” to make sure that Pan was
handed the 6 October 2008 Margin Call Letter, Chiu deposed in his AEIC that he
did not have any specific recollection of the 6 October 2008 Meeting. 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

Chiu’s affidavit dated 12 January 2018 (“Chiu’s affidavit”) at para 42.

He also deposed that in October 2008, he was attending to margin call issues
of other customers as well. 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

Chiu’s affidavit at para 42.

Chiu was not cross-examined on these matters in his AEIC.

270 I find that the evidence from the employees of DB of the 6 October 2008
Meeting does not assist DB in proving that Pan was handed the 6 October 2008
Margin Call Letter.

271 Next, I note that the call report for the 6 October 2008 Meeting which was
logged by Juan on 15 October 2008 did not state that Juan had handed Pan the 6
October 2008 Margin Call Letter during the meeting. 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 159; 55AB 42223.

While the omission to state this in the call report does not necessarily mean
that Juan had omitted to hand Pan the letter, the omission to state so in the
call report does not assist DB in proving that Pan was handed the letter.

272 I proceed to consider the communications between the Plaintiffs and DB
after 6 October 2008.

273 On 8 October 2008, there was a telephone conversation at or around 7.52pm
between Chang and Juan. 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

See 59AB 45652–45667.

The duration of the conversation was over 17 minutes, and the conversation was
conducted in Mandarin, interspersed with some English words. I reproduce a
portion of the English translation of the transcript for this conversation,
and have underlined the words which were spoken in English during the
conversation: 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

59AB 45661.

…

[Juan]: But, Grace, frankly speaking, it has already reached this situation
already, actually---actually the bank it will---it will really close out
everything.

[Chang]: Will everything what?

[Juan]: Will close out all the positions.

[Chang]: Will close out all the positions?

[Juan]: Mm, because the margin call, the shortfall, the feeling is it is
endless.

[Chang]: Correct.

…

[emphasis added]

274 On 9 October 2008, there was a telephone conversation at or around 11.27am
between Chang, Juan, Sze and another DB employee. 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

See 59AB 45693–45705.

The duration of the conversation was over 12 minutes, and the conversation was
conducted in Mandarin, interspersed with some English words. I reproduce a
portion of the English translation of the transcript for this conversation,
and have underlined the words which were spoken in English during the
conversation: 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

59AB 45697, 45699.

…

[Juan]: Er, Grace, actually we want to close out at the same time is also to
protect Mr Pan’s asset, but at the same time is also because of margin call.

[Chang]: I always felt---

[Juan]: Okay\---so I say cannot---we cannot keep telling Mr Pan that it’s
because of margin call then we have to do in this way, but actually this is---
it is equivalent to we---

(Speakers speaking simultaneously)

[Chang]: Correct, it is not wrong, I know, I know your (plural) margin call,
but Mr Pan always felt that margin call has been brought up a long time ago.
Within a period of time you can do it also, you don’t have to wait until the
last day margin call when it must be done then do it.

[Juan]: Mm.

…

[Sze]: … Grace, I---I know Mr Pan is very angry with this margin call problem.

[Chang]: Ah.

[Sze]: But today our margin call (inaudible) is very serious.

…

[Chang]: You must face this problem.

[Sze]: ---all of us have pressure, management asked us to tell Mr Pan if he
could close out the accumulator first.

[Chang]: Mm.

…

[emphasis added]

275 Through these two telephone conversations between Chang and DB’s employees
on 8 October 2008 and 9 October 2008, it can be seen that they were discussing
the issue of a margin call and the question of DB closing out positions under
the Accounts.

276 I then consider again the telephone conversation on 13 October 2008 at or
around 1.59pm involving Pan and Sze, which was set out at [230] above. As DB
submitted, Pan had used the words “margin call” in English at four points
during the telephone conversation (which was conducted mainly in Mandarin and
Cantonese), as follows: 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

See Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 136, 155(e).

(a) “I don’t wish you guys to give us any more margin call. You guys think how
(you) want to come out, we come and make a final decision …”

(b) “Then again I don’t have any money to use. Everyday it seems I have margin
call again.”

(c) “Then now you want margin call again.”

(d) “Everyday telling me, telephoning me to say you have margin call now.”

I reproduce also two of Sze’s replies during this conversation:

(a) “… our team will discuss about it again, the things that need to be close
out will be close out …” [emphasis added].

(b) “… we will determine what we will close out now, that is, which position
to close out” [emphasis added].

277 With respect to this telephone conversation, Pan testified that he
understood “margin calls” to mean “insufficient assets”, 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

See Pan’s affidavit at para 374; NEs 07/03/18 at p 73 lines 3–25, p 74 lines
1–15.

and Chang testified that she and Pan understood a “margin call” to mean that
the Plaintiffs were “short of money”. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

NEs 14/03/18 at p 11 lines 4–7, p 26 lines 19–25, p 27 line 1.

The Plaintiffs submitted that Pan could not have been using “margin call” in
the “formal sense”, because it was not even DB’s case that it made margin
calls in the formal sense every day, but only that there was a collateral
shortfall every day from 3 October 2008 to 13 October 2008. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

See Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing Submissions at para 76.

278 I do not accept that Pan understood “margin calls” to only mean
“insufficient assets”, and I do not accept that Pan was ignorant in that a
“margin call” meant a notice to deliver additional collateral only. The fact
that Pan used the words “margin call” in English, when the telephone
conversation was conducted mainly in Mandarin and Cantonese, suggested that
Pan was comfortable with the English words “margin call” and that he
understood the meaning they carried. This is unsurprising as he was an
experienced investor. I also note that Chang in her AEIC deposed that during a
telephone conversation on 8 August 2008, some two months before 13 October
2008, she told Juan that “[Pan] wants to tell me [Chang] what a margin call
is”. 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

See Chang’s affidavit at para 43; 57AB 44458 (telephone conversation on 8
August 2008 at or around 1.01pm).

279 Sze’s replies on closing out positions under the Accounts were also
consistent with the consequence of a margin call if further collateral were
not provided. Pan did not express surprise at Sze’s replies, and in fact, Pan
expected such a response; he had asked Sze to get back to him for a final
decision as to which positions to close out (see [233] above).

280 Sze’s replies must also be considered against the backdrop of the prior
telephone conversations between Chang and DB’s employees on 4 October 2008, 8
October 2008 and 9 October 2008. Whilst Pan was not involved in these
conversations, these conversations show consistency in how DB discussed the
issue of margin call across the telephone conversations on 4 October 2008, 8
October 2008, 9 October 2008 and 13 October 2008. DB’s consistency, in
discussing the issue of margin call with the closing out of positions under
the Accounts, makes it difficult for me to believe that Pan was ignorant of
the consequence of a margin call and only thought “margin calls” to mean
“insufficient assets” without the need for the Plaintiffs to undertake any
steps.

281 Therefore, whilst the telephone conversation on 13 October 2008 did not
expressly mention or refer to the 6 October 2008 Margin Call Letter or any
other margin call letter, Pan’s reference to “margin call” must have been to a
margin call DB had made to the Plaintiffs. Even if Chang did not inform Pan of
the margin call of 3 October 2008, in my view, Pan had been informed by DB at
the 6 October 2008 Meeting of the substance of the 6 October 2008 Margin Call
Letter pertaining to the FX GEM account, as well as the substance of the
attachment to the 3 October 2008 E-mail, ie, the 3 October 2008 Margin Call
Letter, pertaining to Zillion’s advisory account. This was so even if neither
the 6 October 2008 Margin Call Letter nor the 3 October 2008 E-mail and its
attachment were in fact handed to Pan on 6 October 2008.

282 Chang who attended the 6 October 2008 Meeting was also aware that Pan had
been so informed. That is why when there were follow-up telephone
conversations on 8 October 2008 and 9 October 2008 between DB and Chang,
references were made to “margin call”, “shortfall” and the point that, “Mr Pan
is very angry with this margin call problem”, and Chang did not at any time
say that Pan was unaware of any margin call. That is why on 13 October 2008,
Pan said to Sze that he did not want DB to give any more margin call.

283 The reference by Pan to, “Everyday it seems I have margin call again” was
not a reference to fresh margin calls daily but rather that DB was constantly
pressing the Plaintiffs to come up with a solution in that period, from 3
October 2008 to 13 October 2008, such that Pan felt as though DB was making
margin calls daily.

284 Likewise when Pan said, “Everyday telling me, telephoning me to say you
have margin call now”, this was Pan’s way of referring to the frequent
discussions which DB was having with Chang, if not with him, about the
unresolved margin calls during that period such that he felt as though DB was
making margin calls daily.

285 Accordingly by 13 October 2008, Pan had had more than one business day’s
notice of a margin call. Again his subsequent complaint to DB was not that he
had not been given time to resolve the margin call issue but that he had not
authorised any close-out.

286 I thus find that DB gave the requisite notice under cl 2.6 of the Master
Agreement orally, if not in writing, before closing out the positions under
the Accounts through the 13 October 2008 Transactions. I therefore find that
DB did not breach the contracts between it and the Plaintiffs by closing out
the positions.

287 It may be that the Plaintiffs could have instead claimed that DB had
waived its right to close out until Sze had gotten back to Pan that day, and
that had Sze gotten back to Pan, Pan would have agreed to close out other
positions than those which DB closed out, ie, the 13 October 2008
Transactions. However, that was not the basis of the Plaintiffs’ claim on the
close-out issue.

Further comments

288 I will briefly address one other point in relation to the Plaintiffs’
claim for breach of contract when DB closed out certain positions under the
Accounts through the 13 October 2008 Transactions. Relying on various contract
terms, DB had a further position that it was in any event entitled to
terminate and/or close out the outstanding transactions in the Accounts as the
margin cover and/or the collateral value was inadequate, and/or the close-out
ratios were reached (see [227] above). DB did not substantiate this further
position with reasons. I do not understand DB’s further position because at
face value, it appears that those contract terms which DB relied on might
still have required it to give reasonable notice to the Plaintiffs before
closing out positions under the Accounts (see Lam Chi Kin David at [29(b)] 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

See Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 123(d).

), ie, a similar analysis would have to be conducted as for whether DB gave
the requisite notice under cl 2.6 of the Master Agreement. I nevertheless make
no further comments on this.

Other issues

289 In the light of my decision on the Plaintiffs’ four main heads of claim,
it is not necessary for me to consider whether there was any contract term
that sought to exclude or restrict DB’s liability and whether such a term was
enforceable (see [73] above). In this regard, I mention that these were points
the parties submitted on, in their closing submissions, in relation to the
heads of claim for negligence and misrepresentation.

290 It is also not necessary for me to elaborate on the issue of a time bar.

Conclusion

291 In the circumstances, I dismiss the Plaintiffs’ claims against DB.

292 I will hear the parties on costs.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Chong Chi Chuin Christopher, Corinne Taylor Lai Sze Huei,  
Tan Lee Jane, Chan Ying Ling and Josh Samuel Tan Wensu  
(cLegal LLC) for the plaintiffs;  
Yeo Khirn Hai Alvin SC, Sim Bock Eng, Aw Wen Ni,  
Chua Sin Yen, Jacqueline, Tan Kia Hua, Ho Wei Jie, Vincent and Quay Li Yun,
Valerie (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

