Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 11

Originating Summons No 726 of 2018

Between

| Ryobi Tactics Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| UES Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| AXA Insurance Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Originating Summons No 727 of 2018

Between

| Ryobi Tactics Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| UES Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Tokio Marine Insurance Singapore Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Building and Construction Law] — [Building and construction related
contracts] — [Guarantees and bonds]

[Credit and Security] — [Performance bond] — [Whether call on performance bond
was unconscionable]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ryobi Tactics Pte Ltd

  

v

  

UES Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another matter

[2019] SGHC 11

High Court — Originating Summons No 726 and 727 of 2018  
Kannan Ramesh J  
27 November 2018

22 January 2019

Kannan Ramesh J:

Introduction

1 Originating Summons No 726 and 727 of 2018 (“OS 726” and “OS 727”
respectively) were applications by the plaintiff for injunctions to restrain
the first and second defendants from calling on various performance bonds or
from making payment under those performance bonds, as the case may be. The
first defendant was the beneficiary and the second defendants were the issuers
of the relevant performance bonds. The questions for determination in both
applications essentially related to: (a) whether the relevant performance bond
could extend to projects under subcontracts other than the subcontract
pursuant to which the performance bond was given, and (b) whether the calls
were unconscionable.

2 After hearing submissions from the parties, I allowed the plaintiff’s
applications in both OS 726 and OS 727, save with respect to performance bond
GH000284 in OS 727. The first defendant has since filed appeals against the
outcome of both applications, and I now give the grounds for my decision.

Background facts

3 The plaintiff was engaged by the first defendant as a subcontractor for
three different construction projects, for which a total of four subcontracts
were entered into between the plaintiff and the first defendant. Under cl 5.2
of the respective subcontracts, the plaintiff was required to furnish the
first defendant with a performance bond in lieu of a cash deposit. Eventually
four performance bonds were issued by the second defendants in OS 726 and OS
727, AXA Insurance Pte Ltd (“AXA”) and Tokio Marine Insurance Singapore Ltd
(“Tokio Marine”) respectively. A summary of these projects and the relevant
performance bonds is as follows:

Project| Performance Bond| Sum insured| Issuer| Application  
---|---|---|---|---  
Second Changi NEWater Plant (“the Changi project”)| P1589424| $722,683.89|
AXA| OS 726  
GG017457| $130,000.00| Tokio Marine| OS 727  
Jurong Water Reclamation Plant Project (“the Jurong project”)| GG017454|
$503,332.80| Tokio Marine  
Chestnut Avenue Waterworks Project (“the Chestnut project”)| GH000284|
$234,000.00| Tokio Marine  
  
The Changi project had two performance bonds because there were two
subcontracts.

4 All the performance bonds were on-demand bonds and in the form prescribed by
the first defendant, containing in all material aspects the following clause:

AND WHEREAS the Sub-Contractor is required under the Sub-Contract to pay … of
the total value of the Sub-Contract as a Security Deposit for the performance
of his obligations under the Sub-Contract.

Now in consideration of the Main Contractor not insisting on the Sub-
Contractor paying … of the total value of the Contract as a security deposit
for the said Sub-Contract, we [AXA/Tokio Marine] (at the request of the Sub-
Contractor) hereby agree as follows:

1\. We unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes and covenants [sic] to pay
in full forthwith upon demand in writing any sums or sums that may from time
to time be demanded by the Main Contractor up to a maximum aggregate sum of …
without requiring any proof that the Main Contractor is entitled to such sum
or sums under the Sub-Contract or that the Sub-Contractor has failed to
execute the Sub-Contract or is otherwise in breach of the Sub-Contract. Any
sum or sums so demanded shall be paid forthwith by us unconditionally, without
any deductions whatsoever and notwithstanding the existence of any differences
or disputes between the Main Contractor and the Sub-Contractor arising under
or out of or in connection with the Sub-Contract or the carrying out of work
thereunder or as to any amount or amounts payable thereunder and
notwithstanding that such differences or disputes have been referred to
arbitration or are the subject of proceedings in court or is in the midst of
any other means of dispute resolution.

5 On 14 May 2018, the first defendant wrote to both AXA and Tokio Marine to
call on the four performance bonds. The calls were for the full value of the
performance bonds.

Parties’ cases

Plaintiff’s case

6 The plaintiff firstly argued that the calls on the performance bonds were
fraudulent and/or unconscionable. The calls were fraudulent and unconscionable
because the real reason for the calls on the performance bonds was the first
defendant’s dire financial situation, and not because there were defects with
the plaintiff’s work. The plaintiff emphasised that it was engaged to carry
out temporary earth works for the three projects. The temporary earth works
had been replaced subsequently by permanent structures. Accordingly, with the
erection of the permanent structures and the removal of the plaintiff’s
temporary works, there could no longer be any defects relating to the work
performed by the plaintiff.

7 The Changi project in particular had been completed in August 2016, and the
plaintiff had not been notified of any breach of its obligations under the two
subcontracts. The plaintiff’s works in relation to the Jurong project had
similarly been completed sometime in February 2018, and the first defendant
had made no claims save for requests that the plaintiff reinstate the road
curbs and paint the road surface. The plaintiff had tried to comply with those
requests but could not do so, as the first defendant had failed to respond to
certain queries from the plaintiff. Further, even if the plaintiff was
required to pay the first defendant for any reinstatement works in relation to
the Jurong project, this would only be in the sum of $79,077.02, rendering the
call on the full value of the performance bond (GG017454) unconscionable.

8 As for the Chestnut project, the plaintiff objected to the first defendant’s
claim that the plaintiff had breached its obligations and caused losses
estimated at over $4.5m, as the works that the first defendant had required
the plaintiff to carry out were beyond the scope of the Chestnut project
subcontract. The alleged losses caused to the Chestnut project were also a
result of the collapse of sheet piles on site, which was caused by the first
defendant’s own breaches. In any case, the first defendant still owed the
plaintiff a sum of at least $158,502.79 for outstanding invoices and a further
$234,000.00 in retention moneys, and as such the call on GH000284 for its full
value was unconscionable.

9 The plaintiff also argued that to the extent the first defendant was seeking
to call on all four performance bonds to set off its claims against the
plaintiff in respect of the Chestnut project, it was not entitled to do so, as
the three subcontracts for the Changi and Jurong projects did not confer on
the first defendant the right to call on the performance bonds issued under
those subcontracts for losses suffered in relation to other projects. Thus,
the first defendant was not entitled to call on the performance bonds for the
Changi and Jurong projects to recover losses suffered in relation to the
Chestnut project, even though the four subcontracts for all three projects
were similarly worded. The first defendant’s reliance on cl 17.1 of the
Special Conditions of the subcontracts (“cl 17.1”, see below at [31]) was
equally misguided, as the right to set-off therein was limited to moneys due
to the plaintiff under the subcontract or other contracts but did not extend
to calling on the performance bonds.

10 Further, the plaintiff argued that the terms of the performance bonds also
made clear that they were only meant to secure performance of the plaintiff’s
obligations under the respective subcontracts. The plaintiff relied on the
decision of the Court of Appeal in Chip Hua Poly-Construction Pte Ltd v
Housing and Development Board [1998] 1 SLR(R) 544 (“Chip Hua Poly-
Construction”) to argue that performance bonds must be construed within their
four corners, and could not extend to other subcontracts between the plaintiff
and first defendant. The plaintiff also pointed to AXA and Tokio Marine’s
confirmation that they did not as a matter of practice provide cross-guarantee
performance bonds.

11 The second defendants, AXA and Tokio Marine, took positions that seemed to
be largely aligned with that of the plaintiff’s. AXA and Tokio Marine pointed
out that when the plaintiff approached them to obtain the performance bonds,
the proposal pertained to only the specific projects concerned, and as such
the performance bonds were issued pursuant to the specific subcontracts for
those projects. In other words, the performance bonds were project-specific.
AXA also argued that the first defendant’s reliance on cl 17.1 was misplaced,
as it was a clause in the subcontracts, to which AXA was not a party, and not
the performance bonds. Thus, the first defendant could not rely on cl 17.1 as
against AXA and Tokio Marine.

First defendant’s case

12 The first defendant argued that the calls on the four performance bonds
were not unconscionable or fraudulent, and emphasised that they were on-demand
bonds, which should be treated as good as cash.

13 As regards the Chestnut project where the plaintiff was a specialist
subcontractor for earth retaining stabilising structure works, the first
defendant highlighted that the plaintiff’s incomplete backfilling had caused a
sheet pile collapse which in turn led to the Building and Construction
Authority issuing an immediate stop-work order that was lifted only about
three months later. This caused a delay of at least five months to the
Chestnut project. Thus, the plaintiff was liable to compensate the first
defendant for all losses flowing from the sheet pile collapse, including
liquidated damages for delay and rectification costs, the sum total of which
was at least $4,581,463.24.

14 The first defendant’s argument in substance appeared to be as follows. An
on-demand performance bond was as good as or equivalent to cash. The calls on
the four performance bonds therefore had the effect of converting the bonds
into cash. Pursuant to cl 17.1 of the subcontracts, the first defendant had a
right of set-off against any moneys due from the first defendant to the
plaintiff under any contract between them. The cash resulting from the calls
on the performance bonds therefore enabled the first defendant to exercise its
right of set-off under cl 17.1 against the same, as they were moneys due to
the plaintiff from the first defendant. In short, the first defendant argued
that the plaintiff’s complaint that each performance bond must expressly allow
for a demand to be made for a default on another subcontract, or cross-
guarantee liabilities thereunder, was misguided, because the calls were not
made pursuant to the default of another subcontract, but instead to facilitate
the set-off under cl 17.1 by turning each bond into cash. I had grave
difficulty with first defendant’s argument.

15 In the alternative, the first defendant argued that even if it had
misinterpreted cl 17.1, that did not necessitate drawing an inference of
unconscionability such as would warrant the court’s intervention, as the call
on an on-demand performance bond should not be restrained simply because of a
genuine dispute as to whether a clause in the underlying contract applied.
Whether cl 17.1 allowed the first defendant to apply a set-off in the manner
that it had done was a matter of genuine contractual dispute that was for the
arbitrator to decide. Courts should only interfere with the machinery of
irrevocable obligations assumed by financial institutions in exceptional
circumstances as such obligations are the life-blood of international
commerce.

16 Lastly, the first defendant also argued that injunctive relief, being an
equitable remedy, should not be granted as the plaintiff did not come with
clean hands. The plaintiff had failed to make full and frank disclosure and
had omitted to mention in the affidavits various pertinent facts such as the
stop-work order issued by the Building and Construction Authority. The first
defendant also alleged that the plaintiff was disingenuous in not drawing any
distinction between the call on the performance bond for the Chestnut project,
which was entirely uncontroversial, and the call on the three performance
bonds for the other projects.

Legal principles and issues for determination

17 It is settled law that a call on a performance bond can be restrained on
the basis of unconscionability. The Court of Appeal has in the case of BS
Mount Sophia Pte Ltd v Join-Am Pte Ltd [2012] 3 SLR 352 (“Mount Sophia”)
established various guiding principles on what might justify a finding of
unconscionability. Thus, it has been said that the concept of
unconscionability generally covers acts involving abuse, unfairness, and
dishonesty, but is broader than the notion of fraud (Mount Sophia at [19],
[23]).

18 The parties had spent a significant portion of their written submissions on
the issue of unconscionability and had framed their arguments based on the
threshold of unconscionability. However, there was a prior crucial issue which
had to be resolved before one even considered the question of
unconscionability, and that was whether the performance bonds in question were
engaged in the first place. This was squarely an issue of construction of the
terms of the performance bonds. It was pertinent that the first defendant had
conceded, and indeed it was common ground, that the calls on the four
performance bonds were in relation to the purported losses that the first
defendant had suffered on the Chestnut project. In other words, the calls on
the performance bonds issued under the subcontracts for the Changi and Jurong
projects were made not for any losses suffered on those projects, but instead
solely for losses in relation to the Chestnut project. Thus, the first
question that had to be answered was whether the terms of the performance
bonds allowed for a call to be made for the consolidated liabilities under all
four subcontracts for the Changi, Jurong and Chestnut projects. It could not
be seriously disputed that if the performance bonds were not meant to be
triggered in such circumstances, then the first defendant would have no
entitlement to call on the performance bonds, and an injunction restraining
that call ought to be granted. In such circumstances, the issue of
unconscionability does not even enter the picture. On the flipside, if the
terms allowed for the amalgamation or consolidation of liabilities, then there
would be no real basis for the plaintiff to argue that the calls were
unconscionable.

19 Thus, before any analysis of unconscionability is undertaken, the prior
question was whether on a true construction of the performance bonds, the
first defendant was entitled to call on each of them for the consolidated
liabilities in relation to the three projects. This analysis should, for
reasons which I will explain below, be distinct from a construction of the
terms of the underlying subcontracts.

My decision

The call on GH000284 and the Chestnut project

20 Whereas the plaintiff had not distinguished in its written submissions
between the four performance bonds that formed the subject matter of OS 726
and OS 727, it was clear that GH000284 stood apart from the other three
performance bonds, as it was issued pursuant to the subcontract for the
Chestnut project, over which the parties had a genuine dispute as to whether
damages were owed (see above at [8] and [13]). The plaintiff conceded this
during the hearing in response to a specific question from the court. There
was thus no issue of cross-guarantees or cross-defaults on consolidation of
liabilities in relation to other projects. The plaintiff had no room to argue
that the call on GH000284 did not extend to losses suffered under the relevant
subcontract, ie the Chestnut project. It is trite that the existence of
genuine disputes between the parties is not sufficient to constitute
unconscionability (Mount Sophia at [42]; Eltraco International Pte Ltd v CGH
Development Pte Ltd [2000] 3 SLR(R) 198 (“Eltraco”) at [32]; LQS Construction
Pte Ltd v Mencast Marine Pte Ltd and another [2018] 3 SLR 404 at [32]). It
should also be kept in mind that a court hearing an application to restrain
the call on an on-demand performance bond is not obliged to undertake a
protracted examination of the merits of the case or to decide on substantive
entitlements of the parties to enforce their rights, but rather it should
consider whether the overall tenor and context of the parties’ conduct point
to a strong prima facie case of unconscionability (Mount Sophia at [40]).

21 In the circumstances, and without undertaking a protracted examination of
the merits of the parties’ respective claims on the Chestnut project, I was of
the opinion that the plaintiff had not shown that there was a strong prima
facie case of unconscionability in the call of GH000284. The first defendant
asserted that it had suffered losses in excess of $4.5m in relation to the
Chestnut project, and the plaintiff did not draw my attention to anything that
suggested this figure was unwarranted. There was no evidence before me that
suggested that the call on GH000284 was motivated by anything other than the
first defendant’s desire and entitlement to recuperate its perceived losses in
relation to the Chestnut project. The rest of the analysis that follows
hereafter thus pertains to the remaining three performance bonds, which
related to the Changi and Jurong projects.

Was the first defendant entitled to call on the remaining three performance
bonds?

22 As I mentioned earlier, the prior question relating to the scope and
applicability of the remaining three performance bonds must first be answered,
notwithstanding the fact that the performance bonds were on-demand bonds.
Thus, for example, if an on-demand performance bond was stipulated to be
effective only during a particular time frame, then calls made after the
expiry of that time frame would be ineffective and ought to be restrained.
Similarly, where a performance bond expressly related to a contract between
the beneficiary and party X, that beneficiary would not be entitled to call on
the performance bond for the breach of a contract between the beneficiary and
parties X and Y jointly (see eg, Chip Hua Poly-Construction). In such
circumstances, the court need only apply usual contractual principles in
determining the scope and applicability of the relevant performance bond, and
need not engage in an analysis of unconscionability.

23 For the avoidance of doubt, this approach should not be taken as
undermining the principle that on-demand performance bonds are generally seen
as readily realisable security and that courts should be slow to disturb the
allocation of risk bargained for by commercially-minded parties (Mount Sophia
at [25]; Eltraco at [30]). However, where a performance bond arises expressly
out of a particular contractual relationship, calls made on the basis of other
contractual relationships would clearly fall outside of the scope of the
performance bond as this would not have been within the contemplation of
parties at the time of contracting unless the terms specifically allowed for
it. Such a call should be restrained on the basis that it is invalid, just as
a call on a performance bond which stipulates formal requirements would be
restrained in the absence of strict compliance with those requirements (see
eg, Pender Development Pte Ltd v Chesney Real Estate Group LLP and another and
another suit [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1063 (“Pender Development”); Master Marine AS v
Labroy Offshore Ltd and others [2012] 3 SLR 125 (“Master Marine”) at [31];
China Resources (S) Pte Ltd v Magenta Resources (S) Pte Ltd [1997] 1 SLR(R)
103). This does not undermine the raison-d’être of on-demand performance bonds
as readily realisable security, but gives effect to the intention of the
contracting parties and upholds commercial certainty.

Did the performance bonds in question extend to losses under other
subcontracts?

24 In this regard, the first port of call in determining whether the first
defendant had any recourse under the respective performances bonds should be
the terms of the performance bonds themselves, as distinct from the terms of
the underlying contract. Thus, the Court of Appeal in Chip Hua Poly-
Construction opined as follows at [13]:

Whatever may be the construction that is placed on cl 14 [of the underlying
contract], on which we express no opinion, the fact remains that the bond had
been provided in lieu of the deposit as security for the performance of the
contract, and the terms of the bond should be construed, where the words are
clear, within the four corners and in the context of that instrument.

This is consistent with the principle that an issuer of a performance bond
must honour the bond according to its terms, and is not concerned with the
parties’ underlying contract (see eg, Edward Owen Engineering v Barclays Bank
International [1978] QB 159 at 171, discussed in Low Kee Yang, The Law of
Guarantees in Singapore and Malaysia (LexisNexis Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 2003)
at pp 362–363; Poh Chu Chai, Guarantees and Performance Bonds (LexisNexis, 2nd
Ed, 2012) at pp 575–576). Further, the Court of Appeal has held in Master
Marine (at [35]) that the first demand performance bond is “one such document
where the court should be restrained in its examination of the external
context and extrinsic evidence”:

…First, like a standard form contract, “the presumption [is] that all the
terms of the agreement between the parties are contained in the contract”: see
Zurich at [110]. As already mentioned at [26] above, the primary role of a
performance bond in commerce is to ensure expediency in payment. At the time
the call is made, both the beneficiary and bank need to be able to determine
quickly if the demand is valid simply by looking at the bond instrument
itself. There should not be a need for cross-references to be made to the
underlying contract to determine the ambit of the condition precedents, etc.
Secondly, performance bonds are most commonly used in commercial contexts,
particularly in the construction industry and in the area of international
trade. Parties to these transactions are, more often than not, experienced
commercial men who are able to appreciate that the underlying contract and the
bond are independent contracts with different obligations vis-à-vis different
parties. It would thus be reasonable to expect that parties ordinarily intend
for each of these contracts to contain all the terms of the respective
parties’ agreements.

[emphasis in original]

25 There were certain parallels between the present case and the case of
Pender Development, although neither party referred to it in submissions. In
Pender Development, the parties had entered into a series of oral and written
agreements for the exclusive marketing of a property that was to be
redeveloped. The parties also entered into a separate loan agreement which
included a condition precedent that the borrower procures an insurance bond.
The insurance bond provided by the bank however made no express reference to
the loan agreement, but rather made reference in its preamble to an agreement
relating to the property redevelopment project. When the loan agreement was
breached, the beneficiary of the insurance bond claimed against the issuer
bank under the insurance bond. The court held that as the insurance bond
expressly referred to an agreement other than the loan agreement, the bank’s
obligation to pay under the insurance bond was not triggered by the alleged
breach of the loan agreement, and opined at [17] as follows:

17 Counsel for Chesney LLP [ie, the beneficiary] submitted that “[o]n plain
reading, the Insurance Bond is shown to be in respect of the Loan Agreement”.
With respect to learned counsel, I am unable to agree. It is important in
[sic] bear in mind that, save in exceptional circumstances, it is necessary to
observe strict compliance with the conditions stipulated in a performance bond
which trigger the financial institution’s obligation to pay. This is so as to
ensure a high degree of certainty necessary for the functioning of such
institutions (see Poh Chu Chai, Law of Pledges, Guarantees and Letters of
Credit (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2003) at p 867). In this instance, on a plain
reading of the wording of the Insurance Bond, it is clear that there is no
direct reference to the Loan Agreement. Instead, in the recital, reference is
made to an agreement entered into between Bravo and Chesney LLP on 3 July
2007. This could not have been the Loan Agreement (for it was not even in
existence on that date) or any other agreement for that matter (for it was
common ground that there was no agreement between Chesney LLP and Bravo dated
3 July 2007). Second, the agreement referred to in the Insurance Bond was not
described as a loan agreement. Instead, it was described in cl 1 as an
agreement for the “Design & Build for New Erection of Condominium Development
… On Lot 01904X MK1 [Pender Court]”. For these reasons, ex facie, there was no
reference to the Loan Agreement…

[emphasis added]

26 In the present case, it was clear that the performance bonds were each
issued in respect of a particular project and a particular subcontract entered
into for that project. Thus, each performance bond had as its subject the
project name of the particular project to which it related, and started with a
preamble pertaining to that project and subcontract. For example, GG017457
began as follows:

RE: Mobilization Of Equipment, Supply Of Materials, Installation, Extraction
And All Related Works Of Earth Retaining Structure System (ERSS) In Area 1 For
Second Changi NEWater Plant Design-Build-Own-Operate Project

…

WHEREAS on the 18th day of October 2015 (Two Thousand and Fifteen) an
Agreement (hereinafter called “the Sub-Contract”) was made between [the
plaintiff] (hereinafter called “the Sub-Contractor”) of the one part and [the
first defendant] (hereinafter called “the Main Contract”) of the other part
whereby the Sub-Contractor agreed to execute and complete the Mobilization Of
Equipment, Supply Of Materials, Installation, Extraction And All Related Works
Of Earth Retaining Structure System (ERSS) In Area 1 For Second Changi NEWater
Plant Design-Build-Own-Operate Project for the sum of Singapore Dollars One
Million And Three Hundred Thousand Only (S$1,300,000.00).

AND WHEREAS the Sub-Contractor is required under the Sub-Contract to pay ten
percent (10%) of the total value of the Sub-Contract as a Security Deposit for
the performance of his obligations under the Sub-Contract.

Now in consideration of the Main Contractor not insisting on the Sub-
Contractor paying ten percent (10%) of the total value of the Contract as a
security deposit for the said Sub-Contract, we Tokio Marine Insurance
Singapore Ltd. (at the request of the Sub-Contractor) hereby agree as follows…

27 It was clear from the preamble of each performance bond that the “Sub-
Contract” was defined as the subcontract for a particular project. The
operative clause of the performance bond (quoted above at [4]) then continued
to make reference to that “Sub-Contract”. Further, the guarantee period under
each performance bond took reference from the date on which the respective
subcontract was entered into, or the date on which the performance bond was
signed. Crucially, the guaranteed sum was also clearly a percentage of the
total value of the specific subcontract (5% for the Chestnut project and 10%
for the rest), as follows:

Project| Performance Bond| Sum insured| Subcontract value| Guarantee Period|
Date of Subcontract  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Changi project| P1589424| $722,683.89| $7,226,838.95| 9/3/2015 – 30/9/2018|
26/1/2015  
GG017457| $130,000.00| $1,300,000.00| 18/9/2015 – 30/11/2018| 18/10/2015  
Jurong project| GG017454| $503,332.80| $5,033,328.00| 29/7/2015 – 12/7/2018|
29/7/2015  
Chestnut project| GH000284| $234,000.00| $4,680,000.00| 25/11/2015 –
31/10/2019| 25/11/2015  
  
28 Not only were there repeated references to the specific subcontract and
project to which each performance bond related, there was also clearly no
mention of any right of the first defendant to call on the bond in
satisfaction of sums due under other subcontracts. The decision of the Court
of Appeal in Chip Hua Poly-Construction once again provided guidance in this
regard. In that case, the terms of the performance bond stipulated that the
beneficiary could call on the bond in satisfaction of moneys due from the
contractor to the beneficiary under the provisions of any contract made
between the contractor and the beneficiary. The Court of Appeal granted the
appeal to restrain the call on the performance bond, as the beneficiary sought
to recover losses on contracts which the contractor had entered into jointly
with another company. In doing so, the Court of Appeal held that “clear words
must be used” if the bond was intended to extend to joint liability.
Similarly, in the present case, clear words would have to be used if the
performance bonds were intended to extend to liability arising from other
subcontracts.

29 Further, it did not appear to be in dispute that as far as AXA and Tokio
Marine were concerned, the performance bonds were issued only for the projects
mentioned in the performance bonds.

30 The above pointed to one inevitable conclusion – that it was clear on the
terms of the performance bonds that they related to particular subcontracts
for the respective projects, and not to other subcontracts for other projects.
Thus, it was clearly contemplated by the parties that the first defendant
would only be able to call on a particular performance bond in connection with
matters arising out of the corresponding subcontract.

Did the underlying subcontracts allow for the calling on the bonds of other
subcontracts?

31 As the performance bonds were unambiguous in that they were made in
relation to specific subcontracts and specific projects, I did not think that
it was necessary to look to the terms of the subcontracts. The first defendant
has relied extensively on cl 17.1 of the subcontracts, which provided as
follows:

17\. Right of Set-off

17.1 The Main Contractor shall notwithstanding anything contained in this Sub-
Contract Agreement be entitled to deduct from or set-off against any monies
due or become due to the Sub-Contractor under the Sub-Contract (including
without limitation any Retention Sum) or under any other contract whatsoever
between the Main Contractor and the Sub-Contractor for any sum or damage…,
charges, expense…, liability, debt or financial loss suffered by the Main
Contractor due to or arising from the negligence, default, breach or omission
of the Sub-Contractor arose [sic] under the Sub-Contract or any other contract
whatsoever between the Main Contractor and the Sub-Contractor.

However, since the performance bonds were not ambiguous, there was no room to
expand the scope of those performance bonds by reference to cl 17.1 or other
provisions in the underlying subcontracts (see above at [24]).

32 In any case, even if cl 17.1 were relevant and could in any way widen the
scope of the terms of the performance bonds, I did not think it helped the
first defendant’s case in justifying the call on the three performance bonds.
Clause 17.1, on a plain reading, entitled the first defendant to apply a set-
off, for losses suffered under any contract between the first defendant and
the plaintiff, against moneys due or becoming due to the plaintiff. I did not
agree that this meant that the first defendant could call on all four
performance bonds to set off its perceived losses under the Chestnut project.
The sums insured under each performance bond were not moneys due or becoming
due to the plaintiff. In fact, it might even be said that the inverse is true
– as the first defendant was the beneficiary of the performance bonds, the
sums thereunder were sums that might become due to the first defendant, if a
legitimate call was made on those bonds. Hence, it made no sense to speak of
the sums insured under the bonds as being moneys due or becoming due to the
plaintiff, against which the first defendant could exercise a right of set-off
pursuant to cl 17.1. In this regard, the first defendant’s argument that the
sums insured under the performance bonds were cash substitutes, against which
such right of set-off could be exercised, was equally unconvincing. Not only
would this argument fail at the same hurdle that any such cash substitute was
a sum due to the first defendant, this argument in this particular context
also puts the cart before the horse – if there was no right to call on the
performance bonds in the first place, then the sums insured thereunder could
not in any meaningful sense be seen as cash against which a right of set-off
could be exercised. Indeed, the first defendant’s argument could only be
rationalised, if at all, on the basis that the payment was to be treated as
wrongly made. In such a situation, the first defendant would be obliged to
refund the payment under the bond. It seemed quite extraordinary to read cl
17.1, as the first defendant did, as facilitating the first defendant’s right
of set-off on the basis of a wrongful call on the bond. Apart from a matter of
contractual interpretation, this would surely raise related issues of
unconscionability. I discuss this at [36] below.

33 For similar reasons, the first defendant’s reliance on Tactic Engineering
Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 103 was equally
unconvincing, as that case can clearly be distinguished from the present. In
that case, the beneficiary called on a performance bond partly because the
contractor owed money under a different contract. Crucially however, the
performance bond in that case was issued specifically in consideration for the
beneficiary releasing retention sums back to the contractor, and where the
parties agreed to set off the money owed under that separate contract against
the retention sums. There was thus some scope for the beneficiary to argue in
that case that in calling on the performance bond, it was exercising its right
to set off the money owed under the separate contract against the retention
sums owing to the contractor.

34 Further, even if the subcontracts were relevant to the question of whether
the first defendant was entitled to call on the performance bonds, cl 5.6(b)
of the subcontracts suggested that the call on the performance bonds was
intended to be in relation to the plaintiff’s breach of the specific
subcontract rather than the other subcontracts:

5.6 The Main Contractor

…

(b) shall be entitled to make a demand under the performance bond for such
amount as the Main Contractor may deem appropriate at any time after the Sub-
Contractor neglects or fails in any way to observe, carry out, fulfil or
discharge any of its obligations under this Sub-Contract or any representation
or warranty by the Sub-Contractor under this Sub-Contract is or becomes untrue
or incorrect or is breached in any respect. Without prejudice to the
foregoing, in the event that the Sub-Contractor shall neglect or fail in any
way to observe, carry out, fulfil or discharge any of its obligations, the
Main Contractor shall be entitled to make a demand under the performance bond…
and to utilise such amounts at any time to settle any sum due from the Sub-
Contractor to the Main Contractor in connection with this Sub-Contract.

[emphasis added]

35 Thus, it was clear, both on the face of the performance bonds as well as
the subcontracts, that the first defendant was not entitled to call on the
three performance bonds for the Changi and Jurong projects for its alleged
losses suffered in relation to the Chestnut project. The calls on the three
performance bonds thus ought to be restrained purely on an application of
contractual principles. For completeness, however, I shall address whether the
calls should in any case be restrained on the ground of unconscionability.

Were the calls unconscionable in the circumstances?

36 Notwithstanding the independence of a performance bond from the underlying
contract, it should be clear that if a call on the performance bond was made
in breach of the underlying contract, such call could in the appropriate
circumstances be restrained on grounds of unconscionability. This appears to
be supported by the authority in Kvaerner Singapore Ltd v UDL Shipbuilding
(Singapore) Pte Ltd [1993] 2 SLR(R) 341, wherein G P Selvam JC held (at [8])
that a party could be restrained from calling on a performance bond where he
had avoided the underlying contract and “seeks to take advantage of the
performance guarantee where by his own volition he fails to perform a
condition precedent”. This has been interpreted by subsequent authorities as
standing for the proposition that it would be unconscionable to allow a
beneficiary to make a call based on a breach of an underlying contract induced
by their own default (see eg, Dauphin Offshore Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd v
The Private Office of HRH Sheikh Sultan bin Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan [2000]
1 SLR(R) 117 at [46]). Thus, it has been said that an increasing corpus of
common law authorities suggests that a call upon a performance bond ought to
be restrained where “the principal contract itself imposes some precondition
or limitation which has not been satisfied”, and that such restriction in the
underlying contract on the beneficiary’s right to call upon the bond need not
be an express one (see Wayne Courtney, John Phillips & James O’Donovan, The
Modern Contract of Guarantee (Thomson Reuters, 3rd Ed, 2016) at paras
13-026–13-028). In the present case, given the express wording of cl 5.6(b) of
the subcontracts which indicated that the parties intended the performance
bonds to be called when the first defendant had reason to believe that the
corresponding subcontract had been breached, allowing the call in other
circumstances would be to condone the breach of the relevant subcontract.

37 On an alternate analysis and without having regard to the terms of the
subcontracts, I was also convinced that the calls on the three performance
bonds were unconscionable because the first defendant was in essence
attempting to dip into the security of other projects when it only had the
belief that it had legitimate claims in respect of the Chestnut project.
Allowing the first defendant to treat the separate performance bonds as parts
of a bigger whole would be to allow it to circumvent the restrictions on
quantum in the performance bond for the Chestnut project (GH000284). The calls
on the three other performance bonds ought thus to be restrained as the first
defendant did not have an honest belief that there was any non-performance in
respect of the underlying subcontract. In this regard, the observations of the
Court of Appeal in GHL Pte Ltd v Unitrack Building Construction Pte Ltd and
another [1999] 3 SLR(R) 144 at [24] (cited in Mount Sophia at [27]) were
relevant:

…We agree that performance bonds are used frequently in the construction
industry; that they are provided by and to parties who deal at arm’s length;
that the use of performance bonds has resulted in substantial benefits to the
parties and also in savings; that the courts should give effect to the
intention of the parties; and that the law in relation to performance bonds
should be placed on ‘a clear and unambiguous footing’ so that they could be
accepted by parties whether in Singapore or abroad. But, with respect, these
are not the points involved with which we are concerned. We are concerned with
abusive calls on the bonds. It should not be forgotten that a performance bond
can operate as an oppressive instrument, and in the event that a beneficiary
calls on the bond in circumstances, where there is prima facie evidence of
fraud or unconscionability, the court should step in to intervene at the
interlocutory stage until the whole of the circumstances of the case has been
investigated. It should also not be forgotten that a performance bond is
basically a security for the performance of the main contract, and as such we
see no reason, in principle, why it should be so sacrosanct and inviolate as
not to be subject to the court’s intervention except on the ground of fraud.
We agree that a beneficiary under a performance bond should be protected as to
the integrity of the security he has in case of non-performance by the party
on whose account the performance bond was issued, but a temporary restraining
order does not prejudice or adversely affect the security; it merely postpones
the realisation of the security until the party concerned is given an
opportunity to prove his case…

[emphasis added]

38 The first defendant had sought to argue that it did have an honest and
genuine belief that it was entitled to call on the performance bonds due to
its right of set-off, and as such there should be no finding of
unconscionability even if it turned out that the first defendant was mistaken
as to its entitlement due to a misinterpretation of cl 17.1. However, I could
not agree with this argument. The proposition that genuine disputes did not
render a call unconscionable refers to genuine disputes as to whether the
underlying subcontracts were breached, not genuine disputes as to a legal
entitlement to call. To hold otherwise would be to engage in fallacious
reasoning. The first defendant did not honestly believe and had not asserted
that the plaintiff had breached its obligations with regard to the Changi or
Jurong projects. Indeed, it had conceded that the calls had everything to do
with the Chestnut project only. Thus, there were no genuine disputes as to any
breach of the Changi and Jurong project subcontracts. That the first defendant
erroneously believed that it could call on the performance bonds of those
other projects due to the plaintiff’s breaches in respect of the Chestnut
project could not justify the call, as it would render the justification
entirely circular. Thus, it was clear that the first defendant could only
avail itself of this argument if it had an honest belief that its entitlement
to call on the performance bonds of the Changi and Jurong projects stemmed
from the plaintiff’s perceived breaches of the Changi and Jurong subcontracts.
The following observations in Mount Sophia (at [52]), which similarly
concerned an on-demand performance bond, are apposite:

There is one point of clarification that we should make here. The Appellant
called on the Bond because it took the position that the Respondent was in
breach of its obligations under the Contract. Even if the Appellant was
mistaken in adopting this position, the call could still be legitimate if this
position was genuinely adopted and the Appellant honestly believed that the
Respondent was in breach. Had there been a genuine dispute apropos the issue
of the Respondent’s breach, then a call under those circumstances may not have
amounted to a lack of bona fides on the part of the Appellant. However, from
the evidence in this case, it seemed to us that the Appellant did not
genuinely believe that the Respondent was responsible for the delay. In coming
to this conclusion, we are not substituting our view as to whether the
Respondent was in breach for that of the Appellant’s. It is not the court’s
role in such proceedings to appraise the merits of the parties’ decisions;
but, rather, it is the court’s role to be alive to the lack of bona fides in
those decisions.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The observations in the above quote applied a fortiori in this case – this was
not a case in which the first defendant purported to have had an honest belief
that the plaintiff was in breach of its obligations in respect of the
subcontracts for the Changi and Jurong projects. The evidence before me was
that the parties were primarily in dispute over the plaintiff’s purported
breach of the subcontract for the Chestnut project. This was a case where the
first defendant misread and misinterpreted the terms of the performance bonds
and the subcontract. Such misinterpretation on the first defendant’s part was
not a genuine dispute.

Conclusion

39 In conclusion, for the foregoing reasons, I did not think that the first
defendant was entitled to call on the three performance bonds for the Changi
and Jurong projects for its alleged losses in respect of the Chestnut project.
For completeness, I also did not find that the plaintiff had acted in bad
faith as would justify denying it the remedy sought. I thus allowed the
plaintiff’s applications for injunctions restraining the call of those
performance bonds. The injunction did not apply to GH000284, which was for the
Chestnut project.

40 I ordered costs for OS 726 to be paid by the first defendant to the
plaintiff and AXA, fixed at $6,000 and $4,000 respectively and reasonable
disbursements. Costs of OS 727 were ordered to be paid by the first defendant
to the plaintiff fixed at $3,000 and reasonable disbursements. No costs were
awarded to Tokio Marine as it had largely adopted a neutral position at the
hearing before me.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge

Steven John Lam Kuet Keng and Madeline Choong (Templars Law LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Ang Minghao, Looi Ming Ming and Goh Ee Hua (Eldan Law LLP) for the first
defendant;  
Wu Lennon Leong Chong (Gurbani & Co LLC) for the second defendant in OS 726;  
Daryl Ong Hock Chye (LawCraft LLC) for the second defendant in OS 727.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

