Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 89

HC/Originating Summons No 113 of 2019

In the matter of Order 15, Rule 16 of the Rules of Court

(Cap 322, 2014 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of Order 17, Rule 1 of the Rules of Court

(Cap 322, 2014 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of Sections 37, 132 & 134 of the Land Titles Act

(Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed)

Between

Peter Low & Choo LLC

…Applicant

And

1\. Singapore Air Charter Pte Ltd

2\. Malayan Banking Berhad

…Respondents

Judgment

[Land] — [Writ of Seizure and Sale] — [Priorities]

[Land] — [Land Titles Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Peter Low & Choo LLC

  

v

  

Singapore Air Charter Pte Ltd and another

[2019] SGHC 89

High Court — HC/Originating Summons No 113 of 2019  
Choo Han Teck J  
28 February 2019

2 April 2019 Judgment reserved

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applicant is a law firm and a judgment creditor of Danial Patrick
Higgins (“DP”). DP owes the applicant $420,072.37 on a judgment dated 16 March
2018. The first respondent is another judgment creditor of DP. DP owes the
first respondent $533,540.90 on a judgment dated 26 September 2016.

2 The second respondent was a secured creditor of DP and sold the property
mortgaged to it (“the Property”). The sale was completed on 13 December 2018.
The second respondent then notified the applicant and the first respondent
that the surplus sale proceeds of $745,471.64 (“the Surplus Proceeds”) had
been handed to the Sheriff since the Property is in the joint names of DP and
his wife.

3 The applicant and the first respondent have competing claims under their
respective writs of seizure and sale (“WSS”). The chronology of events is as
follows:

(a) The first respondent registered its order of court for attachment and
execution of the Property (“A&E Order”) on 19 April 2017 and the first
respondent’s WSS 21/2017 (“WSS 21”) was filed on the same date;

(b) On 9 April 2018, the first respondent obtained an order of court to extend
WSS 21 for a further 12 months to 17 April 2019 (“the Extension Order”). The
first respondent applied to the Registrar of Titles (“the Registrar”) to
register the Extension Order, but it was rejected by the Registrar on 10 April
2018;

(c) On 11 April 2018, the applicant registered its A&E Order and was issued
WSS 18/2018 (“WSS 18”). The applicant attempted to register WSS 18 on 24 April
2018, but the Registrar rejected this application on the basis that
registration was unnecessary since the applicant had already registered its
A&E Order. On this same date, the first respondent applied for a second time
to register the Extension Order;

(d) On 30 July 2018, the Registrar rejected the registration of the Extension
Order. The first respondent then applied for a third time to register the
Extension Order on 31 July 2018;

(e) The Property was sold on 13 December 2018;

(f) On 19 December 2018, the first respondent’s Extension Order was registered
and WSS 21 was extended from 18 April 2018 to 17 April 2019; and

(g) On 4 January 2019, the Registrar cancelled WSS 21.

4 The Sheriff informed the applicant on 11 January 2019 that in the light of
the competing claims, the Surplus Proceeds will only be paid out pursuant to
an order of court. The applicant then applied under this Originating Summons
on 23 January 2019 for a declaration that it is entitled to DP’s interest in
the Surplus Proceeds in priority over the first respondent.

5 The relevant provisions under the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed)
(“LTA”) and O 47 r 4(1)(a) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“ROC”) are as follows:

Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed):

Registration and priority of instruments

37(5) When instruments affecting the same estate or interest in any land have
been registered, they shall, notwithstanding any express, implied or
constructive notice, be entitled to priority according to the order in which
they are registered and not according to the date of the respective
instruments.

…

Priority determined by order of registration

48(1) Except as provided in subsection (2) and section 27(6), interests
appearing in the land-register shall have priority according to the order of
their registration or notification, irrespective of the dates of the
instruments by which those interests were created or are evidenced.

…

Writs and orders not binding unless registered

132(1) A writ of execution, or an order of court directing, appointing or
empowering some person other than the proprietor to sell or otherwise to deal
with or dispose of registered land, shall not bind or affect such land until
particulars of the writ or order have been entered in the land-register.

…

Lapsing of writs

134(1) Registration of a writ shall lapse, and the power of the Sheriff to
execute registrable instruments pursuant thereto shall be extinguished, at the
expiration of one year from the date of the registration of the writ, and the
land thereupon shall cease to be bound thereby.

…

Withdrawal and satisfaction of writs and orders

136(1) A writ or order of court may be withdrawn by the judgment creditor or
other person for whose benefit it was issued, and the Registrar shall, upon
receipt of an application made in the approved form, cancel the registration
of that writ or order of court.

Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2014 Rev Ed):

Immovable property (O. 47, r. 4)

4(1)(a) … seizure shall be effected by registering under any written law
relating to the immovable property an order of Court in Form 96 … attaching
the interest of the judgment debtor in the immovable property described
therein and, upon registration, such interest shall be deemed to be seized by
the Sheriff[.]

6 Counsel for the applicant, Mr Choo Zheng Xi, submitted that priority of
third parties’ interest in the Surplus Proceeds should be determined on 13
December 2018, the date the Property was sold in accordance with the order of
registration pursuant to ss 37(5) and 48(1) of the LTA. Mr Choo submitted that
as the first respondent’s WSS 21 expired on 18 April 2018, the only registered
instrument binding the Property at 13 December 2018, was the applicant’s WSS
18, and therefore, the applicant is entitled to the Surplus Proceeds in
priority over the first respondent. Further, Mr Choo argued that the
registration of the Extension Order did not affect the applicant’s entitlement
to the Surplus Proceeds since it was registered only after the Property was
sold.

7 It cannot be disputed that the second respondent, having sold the Property
was obliged to pay out the Surplus Proceeds and this obligation arose on 13
December 2018 on the completion of the sale. The question then was, what was
the first respondent’s basis to challenge the applicant’s rights?

8 Counsel for the first respondent, Mr Salem Ibrahim, submitted that an A&E
Order and a WSS are distinct under the LTA. Mr Ibrahim argued that an A&E
Order, once registered, will never expire until the judgment creditor effects
withdrawal pursuant to s 136(1) of the LTA, since a reference to “writ” under
s 134(1) of the LTA does not include an A&E Order. Mr Ibrahim submitted that
the first respondent’s earlier registration of its A&E Order on 19 April 2017
gave it priority over the applicant’s registration of its A&E Order on 11
April 2018.

9 It is incontrovertible that an A&E Order and a WSS are two distinct and
separate documents. Order 47 r 4 of the ROC makes it clear that a WSS (in Form
83) is to be filed after an A&E Order (in Form 96) is registered with the
Registrar (see Peter Low LLC v Higgins, Danial Patrick [2018] SGHC 59 (“Peter
Low”) at [58]). However, contrary to Mr Ibrahim’s submission, an A&E Order
falls within the definition of “writ” under Part XIII of the LTA, and will
expire one year from its date of registration.

10 First, s 131 of the LTA defines a “writ” to mean “a writ of execution
issued out of any court having jurisdiction to levy execution against land…”.
An A&E Order is a “writ of execution” since the seizure of the judgment
debtor’s interest occurs once an A&E Order is registered pursuant to O 47 r
4(1)(a) of the ROC and s 132(1) of the LTA (see Peter Low at [62]). This
registration is an essential prerequisite to bind or affect the Property (see
United Overseas Bank Ltd v Chia Kin Tuck [2006] 3 SLR(R) 322 at [12]). The
subsequent issuance and filing of a WSS by the parties merely directs the
Sheriff to serve the WSS together with the A&E Order on the judgment debtor,
and if necessary, directs the Sheriff to sell the interest of the judgment
debtor to satisfy the judgment debt. Therefore, once the first respondent and
the applicant registered their A&E Order on 19 April 2017 and 11 April 2018
respectively, DP’s interest in the Property would have been seized by the
respective parties. This will be, and is reflected in the land-register.

11 Secondly, the High Court in Chan Shwe Ching v Leong Lai Yee [2015] 5 SLR
295 at [26] held that an A&E Order pursuant to O 47 r 4(1)(a) of the ROC is
the same document as the “writ of seizure and sale” referred to in s 105(2)(c)
of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed), since the crucial point in time,
is the time in which the seizure of the judgment debtor’s interest occurred.
Similarly, since DP’s interest in the Property was seized on the date of the
registration of an A&E Order, an A&E Order is a “writ of execution” and falls
within the definition of a “writ” under Part XIII of the LTA. Consequently,
pursuant to s 134(1) of the LTA, an A&E Order will expire one year from its
date of registration, and a WSS issued pursuant to the registration of the A&E
Order will expire on this same date.

12 Priority of third parties’ interest in relation to the Surplus Proceeds
should be determined with reference to the date at which the Property was
sold. The first respondent and the applicant registered their A&E Orders on 19
April 2017 and 11 April 2018, and was issued WSS 21 and WSS 18 respectively.
The first respondent’s WSS 21 lapsed on 18 April 2018. The first respondent
made three attempts to extend the validity of WSS 21, but only managed to so
on 19 December 2018, six days after the Property was sold. When the Property
was sold on 13 December 2018, the only registered instrument binding the
Property was the applicant’s WSS 18. Therefore, pursuant to ss 37(5) and 48(1)
of the LTA, the applicant is entitled to DP’s interest in the Surplus Proceeds
in priority over the first respondent.

13 If the first respondent believed that the Singapore Land Authority (“SLA”)
should have registered the Extension Order much sooner to preserve its
priority to the Surplus Proceeds, the SLA should have been joined as a party
to these proceedings. Mr Ibrahim attempted to do so only after the hearing and
by way of letter dated 28 February 2019. That application was made too late
for me to grant this request. I therefore make no pronouncements as to the
rights if any that the first respondent may have as against the SLA.

14 For the reasons above, I declare that the applicant is entitled to DP’s
interest in the Surplus Proceeds from the sale of the Property in priority
over the first respondent. I will hear arguments on costs at a later date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Choo Zheng Xi, Elaine Low Ying Ning and Wong Thai Yong (Peter Low & Choo LLC)
for the applicant;  
Salem Bin Mohamed Ibrahim and Kulvinder Kaur (Salem Ibrahim LLC) for the first
respondent;  
Ng Yeow Khoon and Claudia Marianne Frankie Khoo (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the
second respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

