Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 178

Suit No 1077 of 2017

Between

Ang Bee Yian  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Ang Siew Fah  
---  
  
… Defendant

Between

Ang Siew Fah  
---  
  
… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

Ang Bee Yian  
---  
  
… Defendant in Counterclaim

judgment

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Equity] — [Fiduciary relationships] — [Constructive and resulting trusts]

[Limitation of Actions] — [Particular causes of action] — [Contract and trust]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ang Bee Yian

  

v

  

Ang Siew Fah

[2019] SGHC 178

High Court — Suit No 1077 of 2017  
Ang Cheng Hock JC  
22, 25–28 February 2019; 17 May 2019

31 July 2019 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock JC:

Introduction

1 These are proceedings brought by a younger sister against her elder sister.
The younger sister seeks the repayment of moneys arising from foreign currency
investments, which had been invested by the elder sister on the younger one’s
behalf. The younger sister also seeks orders relating to her 25% share in a
condominium unit, which share is held in the name of the elder sister. In
response, the elder sister claims that the younger sister is liable for her
share of significant losses arising from margin trading with a private bank,
such trading having been allegedly funded by the elder sister at the younger
sister’s request.

2 I would describe the case as an unfortunate one, not only because of the
number of serious allegations made by the sisters against each other, but also
because they were previously close and now have fallen out with each other
over money. Not only that, the version of events posited by the plaintiff and
defendant on some material aspects of the case are diametrically opposed. It
is this court’s unenviable task to decide which sister is telling the truth
and which sister is not.

Facts

The parties

3 The plaintiff in this case is also referred to as “Jessie”. Her highest
educational qualifications are GCE “A” levels, which she completed in 1979. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Combined Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief, Tab 3 (“Defendant’s
AEIC”), para 6.

She is the youngest of five siblings. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 3.

She presently works as an administrative officer in an electronics company.
She had previously worked for a number of years in the treasury department of
a foreign bank in Singapore as part of its trade settlement team. Her job was
to check that there were no discrepancies in relation to the trades and to
make sure that payments were effected. The nature of her work at the bank was
administrative in nature and she did not carry out any trading or make any
investment decisions as part of her job. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 8.

4 The defendant is the plaintiff’s elder sister and the third of the five
siblings. She is also referred to as “Diana”. She graduated with a degree in
accountancy from the University of Singapore in 1977. In her career, she has
worked as an accountant in a number of well-known companies in Singapore. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 4.

She is an experienced investor, having started trading in stocks and shares in
the 1990s. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 5.

5 There is another sister that features in this dispute, in relation to the
plaintiff’s claim concerning the condominium unit. She is Mdm Ang Siew Chin,
and is also referred to as “Eunice” (“Eunice”). In terms of age, she is
between the plaintiff and defendant. She is the fourth of the five siblings. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 3.

Eunice was not a party to these proceedings, but was called by the plaintiff
as a witness.

Background to the disputes

6 I first set out the background to the property investment dispute involving
the plaintiff’s share in the condominium unit since the property in question
was purchased in the late 1990s, well before the plaintiff and defendant made
the foreign currency investments that were the subject of the plaintiff’s
other claim.

7 Since 1983, the plaintiff’s and defendant’s mother has been living with the
defendant. The plaintiff and Eunice would visit the defendant’s home to see
their mother. So, the defendant would often be around to chat with them when
they visited. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 15.

8 During one of these visits in late 1995 or early 1996, the defendant, Eunice
and the plaintiff talked about buying a unit in a condominium called
Northvale, located in Choa Chu Kang, as an investment. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 16.

The three of them eventually agreed to go ahead with the purchase of the unit
(“the Northvale property”) with their agreed ownership interests being 50% for
the defendant and 25% each for Eunice and the plaintiff. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 18; Combined Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief,
Tab 4 (“Plaintiff’s AEIC”), para 17.

The purchase price was paid by each of them in proportion to their ownership
interests.

9 The plaintiff paid S$200,582.00 in cash for her share, which was 25% of the
purchase price. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 18; Defendant’s AEIC, para 20.

However, the Northvale property was only registered in the names of the
defendant and Eunice as tenants in common in the proportion of 75:25 when the
certificate of title was issued in 2001. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, p 143.

The reasons for the omission of the plaintiff’s name are disputed. What is not
in dispute is that the defendant held a 25% interest in the Northvale property
on trust for the plaintiff.

10 The Northvale property was rented out from about October 1999. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 24.

It is not seriously disputed that the shared intention of the three sisters
was that all the relevant taxes, outgoings and other expenses relating to the
property were to be borne by them in the proportion of their beneficial
ownership interests. Correspondingly, the net rental proceeds were also to be
shared by them in this proportion.

11 From October 2008, the defendant would periodically prepare and send
spreadsheets by email to the plaintiff and Eunice setting out calculations
showing the share of net rental proceeds payable to each of the three sisters,
after deduction of expenses and other amounts that the defendant had paid on
behalf of the plaintiff and Eunice, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, pp 148, 149, 158–284.

starting from the period beginning October 1999, when the property was first
rented out. This was her way of providing an account of the rental proceeds
from the Northvale property. A total of almost S$71,000 has been paid by the
defendant to the plaintiff as her share of the net rental proceeds from
October 1999 to July 2016. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents (“DB”), p 15; Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 27.

12 In August 2016, the defendant stopped paying the plaintiff her share of the
net rental proceeds and also stopped providing her with an account of the
rental earned on the Northvale property. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 31.

Just three months earlier, in May 2016, the plaintiff had demanded that the
defendant transfer 25% of the legal ownership of the property to her, or that
the property be sold and the sale proceeds distributed amongst the three
sisters. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 22.

13 I move now to the foreign currency investments. During one of the
plaintiff’s visits in late 2008 or early 2009 to the defendant’s house, the
defendant asked the plaintiff whether the latter was interested in making
money from foreign currency investments. The plaintiff expressed her interest.
Over further discussions, it was agreed that the plaintiff would entrust the
defendant with her funds and that the latter would invest them in foreign
currencies. The plaintiff transferred S$300,000 to the defendant in May 2009,
and the defendant transferred that sum to a Dual Currency Investment account
with CIMB bank (“DCI account”) which had been opened in their joint names. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, paras 8–9 and p 81.

14 A few months later, in September 2009, there was a transfer of a further
S$150,000 to the DCI account. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC para 9(2) and p 97.

Although this sum was transferred from a joint account in both the names of
the plaintiff and defendant, it is not disputed that the S$150,000 belonged
solely to the plaintiff. So, in total, the plaintiff had invested S$450,000 in
the DCI account.

15 It is disputed whether the defendant was in sole charge of deciding how to
manage the funds, that is, whether it was the defendant who decided which
foreign currency to invest in, the tenor and other terms of the deposit, and
the trades carried out. The plaintiff claims that the defendant was in sole
charge of decision-making, while the defendant claims that the decisions were
all made jointly with the plaintiff.

16 There were some modest returns from these foreign currency investments.
Leaving aside some small sums of interest for which the plaintiff is not
claiming, the amounts contributed by the plaintiff to the DCI account, and the
returns, were eventually converted to the sum of US$313,827.30. It was not
disputed that this amount was due to the plaintiff. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (“AB”), p 31.

This amount was transferred to the defendant’s CIMB Fixed Deposit account
sometime near the end of 2009. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 11.

It was then placed in fixed deposits to earn interest. The defendant claims
that this was done with the plaintiff’s consent. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 64.

According to the plaintiff, she was informed after the fact about the
transfer, and had not authorised it. However, she did not demand the return of
her money and appeared content, at least initially, for her money to be placed
in fixed deposits for interest to be earned. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 12(5)–12(8).

17 In 2010 and 2011, the defendant sent several emails to the plaintiff
explaining how the figure of US$313,827.30 was derived from the various trades
that had been made through the DCI account, and also informing her about the
interest that was being earned from having placed the money in fixed deposits.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, pp 103–111.

Then, in September 2012, the plaintiff wrote an email to ask for the amount to
be placed in an account in the plaintiff’s own name. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, p 112.

This request was not complied with, nor was this amount ever repaid despite
repeated demands by the plaintiff in 2013. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 12(14)–12(17).

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s claim

18 The plaintiff seeks the return of US$313,827.30 from the defendant, which
is the sum retained by the latter after the maturity of the foreign currency
investments. She alleges that the defendant is liable to her in contract
because one of the terms of their agreement, either express or implied, is
that the defendant would return the plaintiff her initial investment and the
investment gain within a reasonable time after the maturity of the foreign
currency investments. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) (“SOC”), paras 3, 4 and 13(1).

Further, the plaintiff also alleges that the defendant is her fiduciary and is
in breach of her fiduciary duties by refusing to repay what is due to the
plaintiff. Hence, apart from personal remedies, the plaintiff claims that the
defendant holds the sum US$313,827.30 on constructive trust, and is also
liable to account for any profits made on that sum. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOC, para 13(2).

19 As for the Northvale property, the plaintiff alleges that there is an
agreement between the plaintiff, defendant and Eunice that, amongst other
things, the three of them would hold title in the property as tenants-in-
common in their agreed shares, that the defendant would be the one who would
solely manage the property and that she would distribute the share of the net
rental proceeds to Eunice and the plaintiff. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC, para 15.

The plaintiff claims that there is a breach of this agreement because she
later discovered that her name was not included as a registered owner on the
title deeds of the property. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOC, para 17.

She claims that the defendant has failed to give her an account of the rental
proceeds or pay her 25% share of the net rental proceeds from August 2016 to
date. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOC, para 20.

The plaintiff also complains that the defendant has failed to give an accurate
account of the expenses incurred in relation to the Northvale property in the
period from October 1999 to July 2016 because she had made improper deductions
relating to property tax, MCST charges, real estate agent fees and other
miscellaneous amounts. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOC, para 21.

20 Although the plaintiff alleges breach of contract and also breach of trust
in relation to the Northvale property investment, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOC, paras 21 and 22.

the remedies sought are in substance similar. She seeks an order that the
registered title to the property be rectified so that she is properly
reflected as the 25% owner of the property; 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOC, para 22(2)(a).

alternatively, she seeks an order that the Northvale property be sold and that
the proceeds (to which she will be entitled to a 25% share) be distributed to
the beneficial owners. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOC, para 22(2)(a).

21 As for the rental proceeds, the plaintiff seeks an order that the defendant
account for the rental proceeds from the Northvale property from August 2016
to date, and pay over her share of the net rental proceeds. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOC, paras 21 and 22.

She also wants the defendant to provide a proper account of the expenses
incurred in relation to the property from October 1999 to July 2016, and pay
over her rightful share of any amounts that were wrongfully deducted. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOC, paras 21 and 22.

The defendant’s defence and counterclaim

22 The defendant does not accept the plaintiff’s version of the agreement in
relation to the foreign currency investments with CIMB bank. However, the
defendant does not deny having received the amount of S$300,000 from the
plaintiff which was then placed by her in the DCI account with CIMB Bank. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) (“DCC”), para 20

She also agrees that another S$150,000 was deposited by the plaintiff in the
DCI account. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DCC, para 22.

These two amounts were used to conduct trades and the eventual figure of
US$313,827.30 was generated to which the plaintiff was entitled, leaving aside
some interest amounts which do not form part of the plaintiff’s claim. With
the plaintiff’s consent, the defendant transferred the sum to her personal
account and placed it in fixed deposits. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DCC, para 25; Defendant’s AEIC, paras 64 and 65.

The defendant denies that she was a fiduciary vis-à-vis the plaintiff insofar
as the sums transferred by the plaintiff for foreign currency investments are
concerned. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DCC, para 34.

23 As for the Northvale property, while the defendant denies that she agreed
to manage the property for the benefit of the plaintiff and Eunice, she
accepts that she initially held a 25% share of the Northvale property on trust
for the plaintiff. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DCC, paras 43, 49.

The defendant also accepts that she did give statements of account to the
plaintiff and paid the plaintiff her share of the net rental proceeds until
July 2016. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

DCC, paras 43, 47.

24 The defendant’s main defence is that both her debt to the plaintiff
(arising from the foreign currency investments) and the latter’s 25% share in
the Northvale property have been extinguished by reason of set-off. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DCC, paras 27, 37, 49.

25 The alleged set-off arises because she and the plaintiff had collectively
engaged in foreign currencies and derivatives trading with IG Asia Pte Ltd
(“IG Asia”), which is a private bank. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DCC, paras 6–8, 11–12, 14–15.

However, as the plaintiff’s funds were tied up in other investments, the
parties agreed that the defendant would fund the plaintiff’s trading first,
and that the plaintiff would repay the defendant when funds became available.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DCC, para 14.

According to the defendant, the plaintiff additionally agreed that the amount
that she owed the defendant, for funding her trading, could be set-off by the
defendant against the plaintiff’s 25% interest in the Northvale property. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DCC, paras 9–10, 14(c), 49.

As for the US$313,827.30 that was owed to the plaintiff, the plaintiff had
intended and was aware that the sum would be and had been applied by the
defendant towards the plaintiff’s share of payments into the IG Asia trading
accounts. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DCC, paras 27, 37.

26 Pursuant to the parties’ agreement to engage in trading with IG Asia, the
defendant provided the sum of S$92,891.54 for the plaintiff’s trading through
an IG Asia account that had been opened in the plaintiff’s sole name (“the IG
Asia sole account”). Also, the defendant funded the sums of US$1,443,275.00
and S$46,998.02 for the plaintiff’s trading through an IG Asia account in the
joint names of both the plaintiff and defendant (“the IG Asia joint account”).
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DCC, para 49(c).

All these amounts were used by the plaintiff for trading from 2006 to 2016,
and were completely lost. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DCC, paras 14, 17(d).

The defendant claims that she was owed the full sum she paid into the
plaintiff’s sole account with IG Asia and half the amounts paid into the joint
account at IG Asia. These debts owed by the plaintiff were set-off against the
plaintiff’s 25% interest in the Northvale property and the sum of
US$313,827.30 due to the plaintiff, and thus provides a complete defence to
the plaintiff’s claims. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DCC, paras 9, 17, 27, 37.

27 Alternatively, the defendant argues that, by virtue of the doctrine of
proprietary estoppel, the plaintiff’s 25% interest in the Northvale property
now belongs to the defendant and she seeks a declaration from the court to
this effect. This arises from alleged representations made by the plaintiff
that the defendant could set-off what was owed by the plaintiff against her
interest in the property. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DCC, para 49.

28 The defendant also relies on various provisions in the Limitation Act (Cap
163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“Limitation Act”) and asserts that the plaintiff’s claims
are, in any event, time-barred. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DCC, paras 51 and 53.

Alternatively, she submits that the plaintiff is barred from bringing her
claims, pursuant to the doctrine of laches. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DCC, paras 37(e), 42, 54, 56.

29 As part of her counterclaim, the defendant seeks an order that, in the
event she is not entitled to a set-off or to invoke proprietary estoppel in
aid of her position, the court should order the plaintiff to repay her for the
amount she paid into the IG Asia sole account and half the amount she paid
into the IG Asia joint account. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DCC, para 61.

The plaintiff’s response

30 Simply put, the plaintiff’s case is that the defendant’s allegations of the
agreements in relation to the trading in the IG Asia accounts have been cooked
up and are completely unsupported by any documentary evidence or
contemporaneous documents. According to the plaintiff, the defendant has
fabricated this elaborate story about the funding of the IG Asia accounts for
the plaintiff to trade and the set-off in order to avoid having to return what
is properly due to the plaintiff. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) (“RDCC”), para 8.

31 As for the issue of limitation, the plaintiff’s case is that the defendant
has clearly acknowledged the debt due to her, as well as her rightful share of
the Northvale property, not only in the correspondence between the parties but
also in the pleadings filed in these proceedings. This then re-set the
limitation period of six years. Thus, no defence of limitation can be raised
in this case. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

RDCC, paras 46 and 48.

Issues to be determined

32 While the parties have raised numerous allegations against each other and
have filed lengthy closing submissions dealing with many points of contention,
I am of the view that the essential issues that the court has to decide in
this case can be distilled to the following questions.

33 First, what is the nature of the plaintiff’s claims against the defendant
in relation to the sum due under the foreign currency investments and the
plaintiff’s unregistered interest in the Northvale property? Are they based
only on contract or does the plaintiff have a claim for breach of fiduciary
duties? This is relevant to whether proprietary equitable remedies are
available to the plaintiff if she succeeds in this action.

34 Second, was there an agreement that the defendant would fund the
plaintiff’s trading with IG Asia (“the funding agreement”)? If so, did the
parties agree that the defendant would be entitled to set-off what was due
from the plaintiff against the sum of US$313,827.30 and the plaintiff’s 25%
share of the Northvale property (the “set-off agreement”)? The associated
point is whether the defendant can raise the doctrine of proprietary estoppel
in support of its assertion that the plaintiff’s 25% interest in the Northvale
property has been extinguished.

35 Third, are the various claims brought by the plaintiff barred under the
Limitation Act or by the doctrine of laches?

36 As the issues above will conclusively dispose of the matter in relation to
the parties’ respective claims for (a) the foreign currency investments, (b)
the plaintiff’s interest in the Northvale property and the proceeds thereof,
and (c) the sums provided under the funding agreement, I do not think it is
necessary to consider all other contentions raised by the parties.

The nature of the plaintiff’s claims against the defendant

The claim arising from the foreign currency investments

37 Quite apart from her claim in contract, the plaintiff submits that the
arrangements between her and the defendant in relation to the sum of S$450,000
which was placed invested in foreign currency investments with CIMB Bank was
such that the defendant became her fiduciary. This was because the defendant
had agreed to solely manage the moneys she transferred over and the trades to
be made, and the plaintiff had entrusted the moneys to her on this basis. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 8.

38 The defendant disputes that it was ever agreed that she would be one to
solely invest and manage the moneys provided by the plaintiff. She alleges
that the plaintiff was privy to the decisions made in relation to the foreign
currency investments and the trades that were conducted in the DCI account. In
other words, it was a joint endeavour by the parties. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 58.

39 The parties’ submissions did not deal assist me very much on this issue of
whether the defendant became the plaintiff’s fiduciary in respect of the
foreign currency investments. The documentary evidence and the exchange of
correspondence between the parties on the foreign currency investments were
also limited. Most of the evidence on this issue was based on the affidavit
evidence and oral testimony of the plaintiff and defendant.

40 In Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choon Suan and another and other appeals [2017] 1 SLR
654 (“Tan Yok Koon”), the Court of Appeal recognised several important
principles in relation to fiduciary duties:

(a) First, “the hallmark of a fiduciary obligation is that the fiduciary is to
act in the interests of another person”. In this regard, the “distinguishing
obligation of a fiduciary is the obligation of loyalty … This core liability
has several facets. A fiduciary must act in good faith …  he may not act for
his own benefit or the benefit of a third person without the informed consent
of his principal. …” [emphasis in original] (Bristol and West Building Society
v Mothew [1998] Ch 1 (“Bristol”) at 18, cited in Tan Yok Koon at [192]).

(b) Second, a person “is not subject to fiduciary obligations because he is a
fiduciary; it is because he is subject to them that he is a fiduciary”
(Bristol at 18, cited in Tan Yok Koon at [192]). In other words, whether a
person is a fiduciary “is a conclusion which is reached only once it is
determined that particular duties are owed” [emphasis in original] (James
Edelman, “When do Fiduciary Duties Arise” (2010) 126 LQR 302 at 316, cited in
Tan Yok Koon at [193]).

(c) Third, “fiduciary obligations are voluntarily undertaken … the undertaking
arises where the fiduciary voluntarily places himself in a position where the
law can objectively impute an intention on his or her part to undertake those
obligations” [emphasis in original] (Tan Yok Koon at [194]).

41 Hence, to determine whether the defendant was the plaintiff’s fiduciary
with respect to the investments, the appropriate query is whether the
defendant had voluntarily placed herself in a position where the law can
objectively impute an intention on her part to undertake fiduciary obligations
vis-à-vis the plaintiff.

42 On my analysis of the evidence, it did not appear to me that the plaintiff
was familiar with how the defendant had invested the money in foreign
currencies, or what trades had been carried out by the defendant. For example,
in the emails they exchanged in July 2010, it was the plaintiff who was asking
the defendant for information about the amounts that were due to her. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AB, pp 19–20.

The defendant then provided the plaintiff with the figure and explained how it
had been derived from various foreign currency trades. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AB, pp 26–28.

While this is not determinative, it provides some support for the plaintiff’s
evidence that she was unfamiliar with the investments made, and she left it to
the defendant to manage them. Also, the defendant’s detailed response is
consistent with her considering that she had an obligation to account to the
plaintiff for the use of her moneys in these foreign currency investments.

43 I also noted that the defendant’s arguments on this issue focused on the
plaintiff being aware that the eventual amount due to her was placed in fixed
deposits and that the plaintiff did inform the defendant whether she wanted to
withdraw the interest earned or to roll the deposits together with the
interest earned, such that the endeavour was a joint one. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”), paras 264, 265.

In her written closing submissions, the defendant relied on the following
aspect of the plaintiff’s oral testimony: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCS para 264; Transcripts (22 Feb 2019), p 96, line 27 – p 97 line 4 and p 97,
lines 24–30.

Q: But, Mdm Ang, if you look at your terms of the oral agreement, it would be
---she would be the one to solely invest and manage the monies. Correct?

A: Yes.

Q: Within that term, it would---would I be right to say that the defendant
could just---could make all the decisions without consulting you? And roll it?

A: No.

Q: She couldn’t. So the---your case to say that the defendant would be the one
to solely invest and manage the monies has some caveats or read---or have some
clarification, would that be correct?

A: Mm-hm. Yes.

…

A: What is [sic] discussed is that after the maturity, she will inform me
whether it’s converted or not converted. Then I will decide whether to roll
the interest take out or roll together with the interest.

Q: So, you would be the one to decide?

A: Yes.

Q: Not the defendant.

A: No.

This suggests that, while it was up to the plaintiff to decide what to do with
the proceeds of the foreign currency investments, it was the defendant who
would make the decisions on what foreign currency deposits to make and what
trades to carry out, and she would inform the plaintiff when there was an
opportunity to withdraw the interest earned. In my view, this is evidence that
the defendant had undertaken to manage the plaintiff’s investments on her
behalf.

44 There was also a degree of trust reposed by the plaintiff in the defendant
to properly invest and manage her moneys. This can be seen by the fact that
the plaintiff had initially transferred S$300,000.00 to the defendant’s sole
Standard Chartered Bank account, which indicates that she was simply
entrusting her moneys to the defendant, and leaving her to decide how to place
the moneys into the appropriate foreign currency investments. Given the
reliance that the plaintiff placed on the defendant, I find that the defendant
had agreed to assume responsibility to act in the plaintiff’s interests as far
as these foreign currency investments were concerned.

45 For these reasons, I find that the defendant had voluntarily undertaken
fiduciary duties vis-à-vis the plaintiff to act honestly, in good faith and in
the best interests of the plaintiff, and to account to the plaintiff in
relation to the use of her moneys for these foreign currency investments.

The claim arising from the Northvale property

46 As for the plaintiff’s investment in relation to the Northvale property,
the position is far clearer. There is no dispute that the plaintiff paid in
full for her 25% share in the property by paying an amount of S$200,582.00 to
the defendant. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 20.

I also find that there was really no satisfactory explanation by the defendant
or Eunice as to why the plaintiff was not reflected as one of the registered
owners of the property. There was some suggestion that the plaintiff wanted to
hide her ownership of the property from her husband at the time because she
was undergoing divorce proceedings. However, the plaintiff’s ex-husband gave
evidence that he was fully aware of her investment in the Northvale property
at the material time. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcripts (26 Feb 2019), p 153, lines 11–14.

That meant that there was no reason for the plaintiff to have wanted to keep
her 25% share in the property a secret.

47 Also, from October 2008, the defendant sent emails giving regular
statements of account of the expenses and rental from the Northvale property
to the plaintiff and Eunice. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, pp 148, 149, 158–284.

This substantially supports the plaintiff’s evidence that the defendant had
agreed to manage the Northvale property and distribute the net rental proceeds
to the plaintiff and Eunice. It also demonstrates that the defendant was aware
that the plaintiff never had the intention to make a gift of her contribution
towards the purchase price of the property to the defendant.

48 As such, it is quite clear that the defendant held a 25% share of the
Northvale property on resulting trust for the plaintiff. While it is not the
case that every resulting trustee owes fiduciary duties (see Tan Yok Koon at
[196]–[200]), the conduct of the parties in this case shows that the defendant
had voluntarily assumed fiduciary duties to the plaintiff, including the duty
to account for the expenses and rental, and to pay the net rental proceeds to
the plaintiff.

Did the parties agree to funding and set-off arrangements in relation to the
margin trading with IG Asia?

The plaintiff’s version of events

49 Before the opening of the two IG Asia accounts which involved the
plaintiff, the defendant was already executing margin trades through her own
accounts with IG Asia. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 46. Defendant’s AEIC, para 35.

The plaintiff’s case is that, sometime in 2006, the defendant told her that IG
Asia would offer existing customers some incentives if they could refer new
customers to IG Asia. The defendant persuaded the plaintiff to open a trading
account with IG Asia. When the plaintiff said that she had no experience in
trading and had no intention to trade, the defendant told her that she did not
have carry out any trading, and she just had to open the account. The
plaintiff agreed and the IG Asia sole account was opened in her name in
October 2006. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 47.

50 In the account opening form for the IG Asia sole account, the plaintiff’s
email address was put down as “jess_ang59@yahoo.com.sg”. Her evidence was that
she was told to put down this email address by the defendant. This was an
email address that the defendant had created and controlled. The plaintiff’s
evidence was that she had never had access to or control over that email
address. Her email address that she has always used was “abyjessie@yahoo.com”.
68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 48.

That was the email address at which the defendant would write to her. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, pp 166–196.

51 After the IG Asia sole account was opened, the defendant informed the
plaintiff that some trading had to be carried out on the account for the
defendant to get the incentives from IG Asia, but the plaintiff did not want
to do any trading given her lack of experience. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 50.

Then, sometime in October 2007, the defendant told the plaintiff that she had
executed a power of attorney on the plaintiff’s behalf to authorise the
defendant to carry out trading on the IG Asia sole account. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 51.

When the defendant showed the plaintiff a copy of the power of attorney, she
saw that the defendant had forged her signature on the document. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 51.

The defendant then assured the plaintiff that she would handle the trading on
the account herself. The plaintiff understood this to mean that the defendant
would only trade so much as was necessary for her to obtain the incentives
from IG Asia, and that she would be fully liable for her own trading losses,
if any. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 51.

52 In early 2008, after they just had lunch in the CBD area, the defendant
unexpectedly asked the plaintiff to open a joint account with her at IG Asia.
The defendant gave the same reason that IG Asia was offering incentives to her
if she could refer new customers. She told the plaintiff that the IG Asia sole
account had been closed due to lack of activity. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 55.

Again, the defendant assured the plaintiff that the latter would not have to
trade on the joint account. Hence, the plaintiff expected that the defendant
would just do enough trading for the incentives to be earned. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 56; Transcripts (26 Feb 2019), p 47, lines 22–24.

53 The defendant then immediately brought the plaintiff to the offices of IG
Asia to sign the account opening forms for the IG Asia joint account. The
plaintiff’s evidence was that the defendant took charge of filling up the
forms, and even forged the plaintiff’s signature in her presence. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 57.

54 The plaintiff’s evidence was that she never received any emails or other
communications from IG Asia for either of these two accounts. She had never
agreed to trade on these accounts or share in the losses from the trading
carried out by the defendant. She had never authorised the defendant to trade
on her behalf. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 58; Transcripts (26 Feb 2019), p 44, lines 6–12.

In fact, she had never been informed, whether by IG Asia or the defendant,
about the extent of the trading that the defendant carried out on these two
accounts from the period of 2006 to 2016 until these legal proceedings
started. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 61.

The defendant’s version of events

55 The defendant’s case is that the plaintiff intended to open the IG Asia
sole account on her own, without the defendant’s involvement. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 35.

She denied having persuaded the plaintiff to open the account so that she
could get incentives from IG Asia.

56 Sometime in September 2006, during a visit to the defendant’s home, the
plaintiff asked her to transfer moneys to her IG sole account so that she
could trade. The defendant’s evidence was she knew that this IG Asia sole
account was a trading account, with margin trading facilities. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 38.

The plaintiff gave the reason that her funds were all tied up in fixed
deposits. The plaintiff assured the defendant that since “[the defendant] was
holding the S$200,000 for her in the [Northvale property]”, the moneys to be
transferred by the defendant to the IG sole account could be set-off against
the plaintiff’s 25% beneficial interest in the property, if the transferred
moneys were not returned to the defendant. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 35.

57 The defendant agreed to the funding arrangement and the set-off
arrangement. So, from November 2006 to August 2008, she transferred a total of
S$82,360.41 to the IG Asia sole account, whenever the plaintiff requested for
funds. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 39.

In February 2009, she also paid S$10,531.13 to IG Asia to settle margin calls
and the plaintiff’s trading losses, at the plaintiff’s request. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 40.

According to the defendant, between October to December 2009, she asked the
plaintiff on more than one occasion to pay her back S$92,891.54, but the
plaintiff told her to “take” the amount from the plaintiff’s 25% interest in
the Northvale property. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 41.

58 In the meantime, sometime in January 2008, the defendant’s evidence is that
the plaintiff persuaded her to join the plaintiff in trading in FX (foreign
exchange) and CFD (contract for difference). The plaintiff told the defendant
that she “had accumulated a wealth of knowledge and experience in such trades
from her 17 years of working in various investment banks”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 42.

However, the plaintiff needed the defendant to pay for her share of the funds
necessary for trading because her funds were tied up in other investments. The
plaintiff also assured the defendant that whatever funds she contributed to
the plaintiff’s trading would be set-off against the 25% share in the
Northvale property, if the moneys were not repaid to the defendant. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 43.

59 The defendant was convinced and so the two of them opened the IG Asia joint
account. They agreed that the defendant would pay all the moneys needed for
the trading first, with the plaintiff contributing her half-share later. Also,
all profits and losses from trading on the IG Asia joint account would be
borne equally. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 44.

60 From the time the IG Asia joint account was opened in February 2008,
pursuant to oral requests by the plaintiff and IG Asia, the defendant paid a
net total US$1,443,275.00 and S$46,998.02 into the IG Asia joint account by
2016. These sums were completely depleted through trading. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 53.

61 The defendant claimed to have herself only carried out a handful of trades
relating to stock market indices, and that the bulk of the approximately
20,000 trades carried out over a period of about six years on the IG Asia
joint account were carried out by the plaintiff alone. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 49.

Over the years, the defendant asked the plaintiff orally on various occasions
to pay for her share of the losses on the account, but the plaintiff never
made any payment. The defendant’s evidence is that she put a stop to the
funding arrangement in July 2016 in a phone call with the plaintiff. She
informed the plaintiff she would be taking repayment in the form of the
plaintiff’s 25% share of the Northvale property in its entirety, which the
defendant regarded as “vesting” in her as of July 2016. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Defendant’s AEIC, paras 54–55.

The defendant’s access to the IG Asia accounts

62 I must first decide whether it was indeed true that it was the defendant
who was in control of the IG Asia sole account (in the plaintiff’s name) and
the IG Asia joint account.

63 The plaintiff submits that she never received any email updates from IG
Asia because it was the defendant who was in control of and had access to the
email address “jess_ang59@yahoo.com.sg”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 48.

It was the defendant who set up this email address. She then used this email
to send instructions to IG Asia and signed off in the name of the plaintiff.
92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 61.

64 This submission is borne out by the evidence. All the emails sent by the
plaintiff relating to the foreign currency investments with CIMB Bank and the
Northvale property investment were sent from “abyjessie@yahoo.com”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, pp 147–283.

It also does not make any sense to me why the plaintiff would have set up a
separate email address, “jess_ang59@yahoo.com”, just for the IG Asia accounts.
The plaintiff’s explanation that this latter email address was set up by the
defendant is more consistent with the way the parties communicated with each
other during the material time.

65 There was evidence of emails sent from “jess_ang59@yahoo.com.sg” to IG
Asia, with the name of the plaintiff stated below. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 63(1) and (2).

But, in what appears to be a slip up by the defendant, on at least one
occasion in November 2007, she sent an email from her own email address,
“dtptl@yahoo.com.sg”, to IG Asia to inform them about a transfer of moneys,
but signed off in the name of the plaintiff. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 63(3).

There is no dispute that the email address “dtptl@yahoo.com.sg” is the
defendant’s email address which she uses regularly.

66 There were also several emails from the email address
“jess_ang59@yahoo.com.sg” which were sent to staff at IG Asia relating to
transactions on the IG Asia sole account, without seemingly being copied to
any other person on the face of those emails. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

AB 374.

But yet, it was the defendant who was able to produce these documents in
discovery, and not the plaintiff. There is no credible explanation how the
defendant could get hold of these emails. Although the defendant claimed on
the witness stand that she was a “bcc” recipient of the emails, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcripts (27 February 2019) p 43 lines 1–8.

I do not accept this belated explanation which did not appear in her affidavit
of evidence-in-chief and was only given during cross-examination. It was open
to the defendant to produce the native format of those emails to show that she
was actually a “bcc” recipient but she chose not to do so. In my view, the
inference must be that it was the defendant who was in control of and had
access to the email address “jess_ang59@yahoo.com.sg”.

67 There was evidence of emails from IG Asia to the defendant that showed that
she was in communications with the bank when there were margin calls. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

AB 375–376.

It was the defendant who the bank’s officers called on the phone for margin
calls. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

AB 376.

68 Not only that, when the plaintiff contacted IG Asia after these proceedings
commenced to ask about information in relation to the sole account, IG Asia
responded on 27 February 2018 to state that: 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 61, p 374.

The following information are [sic] currently registered on your trading
account:

Name: Bee Yian Ang [i.e., the plaintiff]

Email: dtptl@yahoo.com.sg

Phone: XXXX2962

Address:

Blk XX Telok Blangah Heights

#XX-317

Singapore 100XXX

Apart from the name of the plaintiff, it is not disputed that all the contact
information that IG Asia had on file belonged to the defendant. There was no
explanation proffered by the defendant as to how this came to be. It appears
that, at some point, IG Asia’s records for the IG Asia sole account were
updated with the defendant’s email, home address and mobile phone number. The
only reasonable inference I can draw was that it was the defendant who was in
control of the IG Asia sole account and it was she who was in communications
with IG Asia all this while.

69 This is also supported by the evidence of the power of attorney of 3
October 2007 in the defendant’s favour giving her full authority to operate
the IG Asia sole account, including authority to trade on that account. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, pp 379–380.

As to the reason for this power of attorney, the defendant claimed it was not
her idea. She gave evidence, for the first time under cross-examination, that
the plaintiff got her to sign the power of attorney by telling her this was
necessary so that the defendant could keep funding the plaintiff’s trading
with the IG Asia sole account. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcripts (27 Feb 2019) p 69, lines 23–26.

However, this makes no sense whatsoever because the terms of the power of
attorney do not mention funding by third parties.

70 Under cross-examination, when the defendant was asked why the plaintiff
would want to give her authority to trade on the IG Asia sole account by
granting the power of attorney, the defendant could not give any sensible
explanation save to claim that the plaintiff had the foresight in 2007 of
planning to blame the defendant as the person who carried out the trading if
the plaintiff were to make losses from the trading. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcripts (27 Feb 2019) p 75 line 1 to p 76 line 7.

I find this attempt to attribute preternatural foresight to the plaintiff to
be quite incredible.

71 As for the IG Asia joint account, it is undisputed that only the
defendant’s email address, “dtptl@yahoo.com.sg”, was reflected in the account
opening form for that joint account. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

AB 378–380.

This appeared to be the email address for communications from the bank
throughout the material time because, when IG Asia was asked to provide
details that it had on file for this account in February 2018, the details
provided were: 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 61(5).

Name: Ms Ang Siew Fah & Ang Bee Yian

Email: dtptl@yahoo.com.sg

Phone:

Day Phone: XXXX8543

Evening Phone: XXXX3735

Additional banners: Ang Siew Fah XXXX2962 / XXXX8543, Ang Bee Yian XXXX9556

Address:

XXX Bukit Batok St XX

XX-110

Singapore 650XXX

The plaintiff’s unchallenged evidence is that, while the address was her home
address, none of these phone numbers were hers. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcripts (26 February 2019) p 76, lines 15–30.

Again, there was no explanation proffered by the defendant as to how these
records came to reflect her email address and not the plaintiff’s. In my
judgment, it is quite clear that, from the time the IG Asia joint account was
opened, it was the defendant who was in control of that account and in touch
with the bank in relation to trades or other matters relating to that account.

72 Accordingly, I find that it was the defendant who was in control of the IG
Asia sole account (in the plaintiff’s name) and the IG Asia joint account.

The margin trading on the IG Asia accounts

73 By the defendant’s own admission, she was already carrying out margin
trading with IG Asia before the plaintiff’s IG Asia sole account was opened.
107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 35.

In the IG Asia joint account opening form which was filled up in January 2008,
the defendant indicated under her “investment experience” that she traded in
equities, foreign exchange, indices and commodities “daily” for ten years. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

AB 379.

The defendant also accepted that she had the log-in details for the IG Asia
joint account, and thus was in a position to trade on the account, 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 50.

although she claimed belatedly on the witness stand that these details were
given to her by the plaintiff. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcripts (27 Feb 2019), p 145, lines 21–25; p 150, lines 5–8.

As for the IG Asia sole account, while the defendant denied knowing the log-in
details, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 50.

correspondence with IG Asia clearly shows that IG Asia treated the defendant
as the account holder of the IG Asia sole account (in the plaintiff’s name),
and the margin calls in this regard were all directed at the defendant’s email
address, “dtptl@yahoo.com.sg”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

AB 375–377.

74 In contrast, the plaintiff has denied ever receiving any of these log-in
details 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 60.

and the defendant has not been able to show otherwise.

75 It was also undisputed that the defendant had signed three user agreements
giving the two IG Asia accounts access to live market data. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

AB 388–392.

As such data was important for trading, this is certainly consistent with the
plaintiff’s case that it was the defendant who was in control of the two IG
Asia accounts and, without her knowledge at that material time, had been
regularly trading on the two accounts.

76 I find that the evidence strongly suggests that it was the defendant who
was the one who had been margin trading using both the IG Asia accounts. As
mentioned above, it was her that IG Asia would contact on matters such as
margin calls, and it appears that she was the only person in communication
with the bank in relation to both the accounts. When one views this in light
of the fact that the defendant was an experienced investor by her own
admission, it is far more likely that she was the one who was responsible for
the over 20,000 trades carried out on the two IG Asia accounts over the course
of the approximately ten years from 2006. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 61(10), pp 383–388.

The funding agreement

77 An analysis of the contemporaneous events during the period when this
margin trading took place shows the defendant’s claim that there was a funding
agreement with the plaintiff to be quite tenuous. On the IG Asia sole account,
the defendant made 27 deposits of various sums to the account over a period of
3 years from November 2006 to October 2009 amounting to a net total of
S$92,891.54. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

AB 343.

Her evidence was that all these transfers were done at the plaintiff’s
requests to fund her trading. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcripts (27 February 2019), p 36, lines 2–27.

She claimed that she continued transferring moneys to the plaintiff even
though the trading was not going well and losses were consistently suffered by
the plaintiff. Eventually, the entire amount was lost. The defendant’s
explanation under cross-examination was that she functioned only as a funder.
118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 39–41; Transcripts (27 Feb 2019) p 59 lines 14–25.

She did not care how the plaintiff traded. She did not care whether the
plaintiff made losses or profits. She claimed that she was unconcerned
because, at least initially, she felt that she was using the plaintiff’s funds
because she owed US$313,827.30 to her and held her 25% share in the Northvale
property. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcripts (27 Feb 2019) p 88 lines 2–18; Defendant’s AEIC, para 41, 52.

78 There is a similar story in relation to the IG Asia joint account, except
on a far grander scale. Initially, there was an amount of S$46,998.02
deposited by the defendant into the IG Asia joint account in various transfers
from February 2008 to October 2009 to fund the plaintiff’s margin trading. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

AB p 365.

This amount was completely lost. Subsequently, the defendant made 32 transfers
totalling US$1,443,275.00 from February 2010 to October 2015 to this joint
account. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

AB pp 364–365.

All these were supposedly at the plaintiff’s request to fund her trading. Some
transfers were quite significant in amount. For example, there were six
separate transfers that were equal to or more than US$100,000. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

AB pp 364–365.

All these US dollar funds were eventually lost through margin trading. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 53.

79 Despite the mounting losses over the years, the defendant’s evidence was
that she dutifully complied with each request of the plaintiff for money
without question or complaint. Under cross-examination, she said that she
loved her sister and wanted to support her, despite her consistent failure to
make money from trading. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcripts (28 Feb 2019) p 153, lines 12–22.

While more and more funds were needed as the losses got progressively worse,
the defendant claimed that she was not disappointed with the plaintiff,
despite having to bear half of the losses on the IG Asia joint account. She
claimed her confidence in the plaintiff was not shaken. She encouraged the
plaintiff to try to do better. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcripts (28 Feb 2019) p 20, lines 19–27.

80 I find the defendant’s evidence to be quite incredible. What makes her
evidence particularly hard to accept is that, throughout this entire period of
almost ten years of funding the plaintiff’s trading and despite the
significant losses, there is no evidence in the form of any email, text
message, letter or any written communication which shows that the plaintiff
ever asked her to fund the IG Asia accounts, or that the defendant had
informed the plaintiff that she was going to transfer funds to the accounts
pursuant to a request. There is not even any documentary evidence to show that
the plaintiff and defendant had ever communicated about trading in the IG Asia
accounts or about transfers of funds to those accounts. In other words, the
defendant’s case in this regard is based entirely on alleged oral discussions
with the plaintiff over the years. I find this state of affairs to be most
unusual, if it were true, in view of the number of transfers and the large
sums involved. Also, the lack of any written evidence is quite inexplicable
given that the two sisters communicated regularly through emails and text
messages.

81 Some of the amounts deposited into the IG Asia accounts were also very
specific in quantum. As examples, for the IG Asia sole account, in October
2007, there was a deposit of S$1,988.88 and, in November 2007, there was a
deposit of S$1,995.55. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

AB p 343.

For the IG Asia joint account, there was a deposit in July 2010 for the amount
of US$55,555.00. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

AB p 365.

When the defendant was asked in cross-examination how she could remember such
details as to precisely how much to transfer since the plaintiff only made
oral requests for funding and never sent anything to her in writing, the
defendant’s evidence was nothing short of astonishing. She claimed that the
plaintiff would give her an approximate number over the phone, and she would
then just add a bit more to the requested amount. The additional amount would
make the transferred amount add up to a figure ending in “5” or “8” and this
was done deliberately because those numbers had special significance to her.
128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcripts (27 Feb 2019) p 38 line 19–p 39 line 4.

82 The defendant’s evidence about the funding agreement for the IG Asia
accounts is highly implausible. Her evidence is not only unsupported by the
contemporaneous documentary evidence, but also contradicted by the emails
exchanged between the parties during the material time.

83 Since late 2012 to 2013, the plaintiff had been sending emails to the
defendant to pester her to return the US$313,827.30. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 12(9).

The defendant’s evidence during cross-examination was that the US$313,827.30
had been regarded as the plaintiff’s contribution to the IG Asia joint
account. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcripts (28 Feb 2019) p 21 line 5–p 22 line 4.

However, she also admitted that by December 2011, the US$313,827.30 that was
owed to the plaintiff had been exhausted, as the defendant herself had
injected more than US$630,000 to the IG Asia joint account, 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

AB 343, 364–365.

half of which was on the plaintiff’s behalf. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcripts (28 Feb 2019) p 21, lines 10–31; AB 364–365.

Yet, after December 2011, the defendant continued to fund the IG Asia joint
account to the tune of hundreds of thousands of dollars 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

AB 364–365.

without a single email or text message from her, in reply to the plaintiff’s
increasingly agitated demands, referring to how it was actually the plaintiff
who was indebted to her as a result of the funding arrangement.

84 To the contrary, in an exchange of SMS messages between the plaintiff and
defendant in September and October 2013, the defendant clearly acknowledged
that she owed the US dollar amount from the CIMB Bank foreign currency
investments to the plaintiff: 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

AB 409; Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, 6.

[the plantiff]: I m not a fool anymore. U cheat me but u cant God. God know
all yr dirty deeds. Come to money u got no conscience. I want my money back.
(15 September 2013)

[the defendant]: I guarantee u that in jan 13, when the fd is due, u get back
yr usd and u return the sgd to me in exchange. (15 September 2013)

…

[the plaintiff]: What is e Usd FD rate n period. My money in FD since which
yr. (20 September 2013)

[the plaintiff]: Can u confirm yr promise to return me e usd 300++ I hv paid
for it. I m broke now. Unless SC can return me. (3 October 2013)

[the defendant]: How many times u want me to promise? I already promise and
once is enough. cc Eunice (3 October 2013)

[the plaintiff]: Pls inforrm when u retturn me (3 October 2013)

[the defendant]: In end jan 2014, u repay me the sgd and I return u the usd.
(3 October 2013)

[the plaintiff]: E usd300++ was debit fm my sgd ac. Why still wan me to give
sgd. (3 October 2013)

[the defendant]: There’s a lot of yr usd that i m holding for u cos the bank
debit my sgd bank a/c. U promise to return the sgd to me in exchange for that
lot of usd. FYI, i m poorer than u as SC has caused me to lose all my sgd
savings. (3 October 2013)

85 Several points in relation to the above exchange of SMS messages were made
clear when the defendant was cross-examined. First, the defendant accepted
that the first reference to “January 2013” was in error and should be to
“January 2014”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcripts (28 Feb 2019) p 113, lines 26–28.

Second, she accepted that she and the plaintiff were discussing the return of
the amount of US$313,827.30 that was due to the plaintiff. Third, she insisted
that she was only offering to return the amount of US$313,827.30 if the
plaintiff paid her back the equivalent in Singapore dollars, that is,
approximately S$450,000, based on the exchange rate prevailing at that time.
136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcripts (28 Feb 2019) p 113, lines 16–23.

86 On this third point, I do not accept that the defendant was telling the
truth. This can be seen from her last response sent on 3 October 2013 that is
quoted above. That made it clear that, when she was referring to the plaintiff
having to return her Singapore dollars, she was actually referring to an issue
that had arisen about two years earlier in 2011. In August 2011, the defendant
had sent an email to the plaintiff to inform her that CIMB Bank had in 2009
wrongly debited S$100,000 from her savings account, instead of the plaintiff’s
savings account, when she asked for a conversion to US dollars from the
foreign currency investments. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

AB 35.

As a result, US$69,832.40 was being held by the defendant for the plaintiff,
in respect of which the defendant expected the plaintiff to repay her
S$100,000, the Singapore dollar equivalent.

87 This issue was then resolved when the two of them agreed that the defendant
would keep the US$69,832.00, thus reducing the amount that was owed to the
plaintiff from US$383,659.70 to US$313,827.30. This can be seen from the
difference in the figures set out by the defendant in her emails to the
plaintiff as being owed to the latter in 2010 as compared to in 2011. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

AB 26–34.

The defendant also accepted under cross-examination that the issue of the
wrongful debit of her savings account by S$100,000 to convert to US$69,832.40
was something that had been “settled”. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcripts (28 Feb 2019) p 117, lines 45–9.

88 For the above reasons, I find that the defendant must have been referring
to the settled issue of the wrongful debit of her CIMB Bank account when she
referred to the returning of Singapore dollars by the plaintiff in the SMS
exchange of September and October 2013. It is possible that the defendant
might have forgotten at that time that the issue had been resolved. Or, she
might have been trying to obfuscate. Whatever might be the case, I am
satisfied that the SMS messages sent by her constitute a clear admission of
the debt of US$313,827.30 owed to the plaintiff.

89 The following SMS exchange on 3 January 2014 between the plaintiff and
defendant only serves to confirm my conclusion: 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

AB 410.

[the plaintiff]: Pls credit rental n send excel file. You promise to return my
usd on Jan 13 2014. Pls send details of update. I need to go bank to open usd
ac. Pls confirm date.

[the defendant]: I said by jan 2014.

[the defendant]: When did I said 13 jan

90 Quite clearly, the defendant was acknowledging that the US dollar amount
from the foreign currency investments had to be repaid to the plaintiff in
January 2014. I can find no sensible reason for the defendant not to have
raised in all these SMS messages the sizable amounts allegedly owed by the
plaintiff to the defendant if it were at all true that the defendant had
funded the plaintiff’s margin trading. I do not accept the defendant’s
explanations about sisterly love, support and restraint because it is quite
clear from the tone of the messages that the relationship between the two of
them was quite strained at that time and, in fact, got progressively worse.
The only conclusion I can draw from the complete absence of any reference to
this funding agreement is that the defendant has concocted this story to
frustrate the plaintiff’s claim.

The set-off agreement

91 The alleged set-off agreement had two parts. In relation to the
US$313,827.30, the defendant claimed that she had informed the plaintiff that
the sum would be applied to set-off what was owing to the defendant pursuant
to the funding agreement. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcripts (28 Feb 2019) p 21 line 5–p 22 line 4; Defendant’s AEIC, para 65.

As for the plaintiff’s 25% share in the Northvale property, the plaintiff
allegedly gave assurances to the defendant that it could be set-off against
the debts which the plaintiff owed to the defendant under the funding
agreement. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcripts (27 Feb 2019) p 26 line 31–p 27 line 9.

On my analysis of the evidence, the defendant’s explanations cannot withstand
scrutiny.

92 As explained at [83] above, the defendant accepted that, by December 2011,
the amount the plaintiff allegedly owed her as a result of the funding of the
IG Asia accounts exceeded the amount of US$313,827.30 owed to the plaintiff.
143

##### Foot Note 143

×

AB 343, 364–365.

Despite this, the defendant did not mention this and did not protest when she
received the plaintiff’s incessant demands for the return of US$313,827.30 in
late 2012 and through 2013.

93 As regards the Northvale property, the defendant accepted under cross-
examination that, if one were to treat the plaintiff’s 25% share of the
property as being valued at S$200,000, then by January 2012, the defendant
would have been entitled to appropriate the plaintiff’s interest in the
Northvale property in satisfaction of the debts owed by the plaintiff. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcripts (28 Feb 2019) p 91 line 26–p 92 line 6.

However, the defendant continued to pay the plaintiff her 25% share of the net
rental proceeds after January 2012 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 30.

and allegedly continued to fund her trading by depositing another US$420,555
in the IG Asia joint account in 2015. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

AB 364.

Given the defendant’s insistence in her oral evidence that she was not
concerned about funding the plaintiff’s trading activities because of her
right of set-off, 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcripts (27 Feb 2019) p 29 lines 22–26.

she was asked in cross-examination why she did not express any concern in any
written communication after January 2012 when the funding she provided
exceeded the value of her alleged set-off rights. To this, she struggled to
give any coherent explanation. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcripts (28 Feb 2019) p 93 lines 4–26.

94 Further, the defendant’s evidence that she only decided to exercise her
right of set-off and appropriation of the plaintiff’s property interest in
July 2016 after the plaintiff asked her for more funds to continue margin
trading 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 54.

is also completely unsupported by any documentary evidence or written
communications.

95 The defendant’s own conduct when she dealt with the distributions of the
net rental proceeds to the plaintiff and Eunice is enlightening. As already
mentioned, from October 2008 to July 2016, the defendant sent regular emails
to her two sisters to inform them about the net rental proceeds. In many of
these emails, when she calculated the net amounts she would pay to the
plaintiff and/or Eunice, the defendant would make very precise deductions of
relatively small amounts that she had paid on behalf of her sisters.

96 For example, in an email in September 2012, the defendant informed the
plaintiff that she had transferred the sum of S$988.73 to the plaintiff as her
share of the Northvale property net rental proceeds for May to August 2012.
150

##### Foot Note 150

×

AB 137.

The defendant explained in that email that this was “$1024 share of rental for
May to Aug 12 less 35.27 paid on 8 Sep to Starhub for Brandon’s mobile”.
Brandon is the plaintiff’s son. In another email sent in October 2012, the
defendant informed the plaintiff that she had transferred S$647 as the “Sep
2012 rental for Northvale”, 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

AB 139.

explaining that this was “$671 share of rental for Sep 12 less $24 share for
paymt of Aug 12 Starhub TV”.

97 The meticulous manner in which the defendant would regularly set-off these
small amounts owed to her against the plaintiff’s share of the net rental
proceeds is completely at odds with the defendant’s evidence that she was
unconcerned about the sizable amounts owed by the plaintiff to her. It also
puts paid to her repeated assertions in her oral evidence that she was
unconcerned about people owing her money, 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Transcripts (27 Feb 2019) p 27, lines 24–29; p 29, lines 15–30; p 88, lines
2–18.

and that “[d]ollars and cents don’t come into blood relations”. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcripts (27 Feb 2019) p 32, line 32.

In short, I find her evidence about the set-off agreement to be quite
unbelievable. Her conduct betrays the true picture.

98 Ultimately, I have to assess the credibility of the plaintiff and defendant
when it came to the question of who actually carried out the trades in the two
IG Asia accounts. The trades that had been conducted were of a sophisticated
nature. For example, the IG Asia joint account had been utilised to conduct
foreign exchange trading on margin. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

AB pp 350–351.

Trading on margin involves the investor paying for only a percentage of the
security or asset, while borrowing the remainder from the bank. The bank acts
as a lender and the securities and/or assets which remain in the investor’s
account act as collateral for the bank’s loan. As the value of these
securities and/or assets fall, the investor may be required to top up the
account to a minimum level before further trades may be conducted. In so
doing, risk to the bank is minimised.

99 In my judgment, the plaintiff did not come across as someone who was
sophisticated or knowledgeable about margin trading. Her evidence was that she
was not experienced in investing and was not a risk-taker. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Transcripts (22 Feb 2019) p 84, lines 27–29.

While she had declared in the account opening form for the IG Asia joint
account that she understood the nature and risks of margined transactions and
that she had experience in such trades, I accept her explanation that she had
made these declarations on the defendant’s instructions. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Transcripts (26 Feb 2019) p 112, lines 24–25.

Her answers to the open-ended questions in the form were exactly the same as
the defendant’s, which gave credence to her explanation that she had acted
entirely on the defendant’s instructions. For example, both of them declared
in their respective forms that they had traded in “Equities, FX, Indices,
Commodities daily for 10 yrs”, and that they had dealt with the same
stockbrokers, namely “Philip Securities, DBS, UOB”. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

AB pp 379 and 381.

There was no evidence before me which suggested that the plaintiff was
untruthful about her lack of trading experience. She came across as a candid
witness who was genuinely troubled by the defendant’s conduct.

100 In contrast, the defendant was a seasoned investor. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcripts (27 Feb 2019) p 156, lines 1–8.

In the course of conducting margin trades on IG Asia’s platform, the defendant
also received multiple emails requesting for her to deposit money to the IG
Asia joint account so as to bring the account back up to the minimum value to
continue trading. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

AB pp 375–377.

Between the two of them, the defendant quite clearly dominated when it came to
questions of trading and investments. The defendant also struck me as being an
extremely clever individual, who was always ready with a glib answer for any
question that was asked of her in cross-examination, as one can see from the
examples I have cited above. There is little difficulty to conclude that
between the two of them, the plaintiff was the more credible witness.

101 For the above reasons, I have no hesitation in rejecting the defendant’s
evidence about the set-off agreement with the plaintiff.

Does a proprietary estoppel arise to extinguish the plaintiff’s 25% share of
the Northvale property?

102 To recapitulate, the defendant’s case in this regard is that the plaintiff
made oral representations to her that she could appropriate the plaintiff’s
25% interest in the Northvale property if the plaintiff could not pay her what
was owed arising from the funding agreement.

103 Given my findings above that there were no funding or set-off agreements
to which the parties had agreed, there is no basis for this claim of
proprietary estoppel. In short, I do not accept that the plaintiff had made
the representation to the defendant as alleged. In any event, I have my doubts
that the doctrine of proprietary estoppel could apply on the facts as asserted
by the defendant, even if those facts were established. But, given that it is
no longer necessary for me to express a view in this respect, I shall say no
more about it.

Are the plaintiff’s claims barred?

104 The defendant’s case in this respect is that the plaintiff’s claims in
relation to the sum of US$313,827.30 and her 25% share in the Northvale
property are barred under various provisions of the Limitation Act or by the
doctrine of laches. The plaintiff denies this. She also argues, in any event,
that the defendant has admitted her claims so there is no issue of time bar.

The claims in relation to the sum of US$313,827.30

105 The defendant relies on ss 6(1)(a) and/or 6(7) of the Limitation Act to
argue that the plaintiff’s claims for breach of contract and fiduciary duties
are time-barred. These provisions are set out as follows:

6.—(1) Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought after
the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued:

(a) actions founded on a contract or on tort; …

(7) Subject to sections 22 and 32, this section shall apply to all claims for
specific performance of a contract or for an injunction or for other equitable
relief whether the same be founded upon any contract or tort or upon any trust
or other ground in equity.

106 The defendant submits that the plaintiff’s causes of action accrued in or
around December 2009 when the defendant transferred the proceeds from the
foreign currency investments from the DCI account, which was a joint account,
to her personal account in CIMB Bank. Since this suit was only commenced on 21
November 2017, after the six-year limitation period, the plaintiff’s claims
are time-barred.

107 I am unable to agree with the defendant’s argument as to when the
plaintiff’s causes of action for the recovery of the US$313,827.30 accrued. On
my analysis of the evidence of both parties, I find that the positions of the
plaintiff and defendant in relation to this US dollar amount are actually more
nuanced. It is true that the parties had agreed that the defendant would
invest the plaintiff’s money in foreign currency investments with CIMB Bank,
and return the proceeds to the defendant when the investments matured. It is
also true that the defendant, for reasons best known to herself, deposited the
proceeds from the maturity of the investments into her personal account with
CIMB Bank, without first seeking the plaintiff’s consent, sometime in or
around December 2009.

108 However, when the plaintiff first discovered that this had happened, she
did not immediately demand the return of her money. Instead, after the
defendant explained to the plaintiff that the money had been converted to US
dollars and placed in fixed deposits that were rolled over periodically, the
plaintiff appeared content to leave the money with the defendant for the time
being. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 12(5)–12(8).

The defendant would then provide the plaintiff with occasional updates on the
interest being earned by placing her money on short-term fixed deposits that
were rolled over every month. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

AB 30–31.

The plaintiff would also occasionally send emails to ask the defendant for
updates on the amount of interest being earned and the US dollar exchange
rates. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

AB 32.

This suggests to me that the parties had reached an agreement, through their
conduct, that the defendant would hold the plaintiff’s money for the time
being in fixed deposits to earn interest, until such time that the plaintiff
asked for the money to be returned to her. From the written evidence, the
first time that the plaintiff asked the defendant for the return of her monies
is sometime in September 2012. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

AB 36.

This was not complied with. In my judgment, this was when the plaintiff’s
causes of action for the return of the sum of US$313,827.30 arose. As the suit
was commenced on 21 November 2017, the proceedings were thus commenced within
the six-year limitation period, and the plaintiff’s claims are not time-
barred.

109 In the alternative, the plaintiff relies on s 26(2) of the Limitation Act,
164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 20.

which restarts the limitation period at the time the debtor acknowledges the
debt or liquidated pecuniary claim. This provision states:

Where any right of action has accrued to recover any debt or other liquidated
pecuniary claim, or any claim to the personal estate of a deceased person or
to any share or interest therein, and the person liable or accountable
therefor acknowledges the claim or makes any payment in respect thereof, the
right shall be deemed to have accrued on and not before the date of
acknowledgment or the last payment.

110 On this point, section 27(1) of Limitation Act is also relevant. That sub-
section provides that “[e]very such acknowledgement as is referred to in
section 26 shall be in writing and signed by the person making the
acknowledgement”.

111 In Ang Sin Hock v Khoo Eng Lim [2010] 3 SLR 179, the Court of Appeal held
that a written undertaking that the respondent would pay the sums owed
constituted an acknowledgment of the debt, which effected an extension from
which the six-year time period started to run. Here, for the reasons I have
set out at [84] to [90] above, I similarly find that the defendant has made a
clear acknowledgement of the debt of US$313,827.30 owed to the plaintiff in
the SMS exchanges in September to October 2013, and again in January 2014.

112 The defendant submits that the SMS messages do not fulfil the requirement
in s 27(1) of the Limitation Act of being “in writing and signed by the person
making the acknowledgement”. The defendant points out that the SMS messages
are not signed by the defendant since her name did not even appear. I do not
accept this submission.

113 “As a matter of general principle, a document is deemed signed by the
maker of it when his name or mark is attached to it in a manner which
indicates, objectively, his approval of the contents”: Singapore Civil
Procedure vol 2 (Chua Lee Ming gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2019) at para
D/27/3. In SM Integrated Transware Pte Ltd v Schenker Singapore (Pte) Ltd
[2005] 2 SLR(R) 651, the court held that where a line reading “From: ‘Tan Tian
Tye’ ” was appended to near the start of an email, this constituted a
signature, even though the party did not append his name at the end of the
email. The omission to type in his name was “due to his knowledge that his
name appeared at the head of every message … so clearly that there could be no
doubt that he was intended to be identified as the sender” (at [92]).

114 The defendant does not dispute that it was she who was corresponding with
the plaintiff by SMS messages. These SMS messages were sent by the defendant
from her mobile phone, and would have appeared as such on the plaintiff’s
mobile phone. In my view, the requirement of the SMS messages being “signed”
is fulfilled by how the SMS messages were sent by the defendant from her
mobile phone and the fact that the defendant’s name was appended in front of
each message, the plaintiff evidently having saved the defendant’s number in
her phone under “Diana”. That this was how the messages would appear to the
plaintiff was obviously something the defendant knew. This suffices to
indicate the defendant’s objective approval of the contents of the SMS
messages, which she does not dispute in any case. I draw support from the
Malaysian Federal Court of Appeal decision in Yam Kong Seng & Anor v Yee Weng
Kai [2014] 4 MLJ 478, where the same view was taken by the court in deciding
that SMS messages were “signed” acknowledgements in the context of an in pari
materia statutory provision on limitation.

115 Quite apart from the acknowledgement of the debt of US$313,827.30 via the
SMS messages, a review of the defence and counterclaim filed by the defendant
also shows quite clearly that there is really no arguable issue of time-bar.
In her defence and counterclaim, as I have already explained at [22] to [26]
above, the defendant does not deny that she owed the sum of US$313,827.30 to
the plaintiff. The thrust of her defence is that this sum had been set-off
against what was owed by the plaintiff to the defendant arising from the
funding and set-off arrangements. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

DCC, paras 25–27, 37.

I am of the view that this pleading itself was an acknowledgment of the debt
owed by the defendant, notwithstanding how the defendant does go on to plead
that the debt had been extinguished by reason of a set-off. That a pleading
may contain an acknowledgment of a claim for the purposes of re-setting the
time bar is not controversial. An example was in the case of Murakami Takako
(executrix of the estate of Takashi Murakami Suroso, deceased) v Wiryadi
Louise Maria and others [2007] 4 SLR(R) 565 (“Murakami”), where the Court of
Appeal found that an earlier version of a statement of claim, which had then
been amended, had acknowledged the defendant’s claim to an interest in certain
real property in Singapore. The effect was that the defendant’s counterclaim
was accordingly not time-barred: Murakami at [39]–[40].

116 For the above reasons, I am unable to accept the defendant’s submission
that the plaintiff’s causes of action are time-barred under ss 6(1) and 6(7)
of the Limitation Act.

117 But that is not the end of the inquiry. I have found at [37] to [45] above
that the defendant had assumed fiduciary duties vis-à-vis the plaintiff
insofar as the proceeds from the foreign currency investments were concerned,
that is, the sum of US$313,827.30. In breach of her fiduciary duty, the
defendant failed to account for this sum by not returning the said sum to the
plaintiff when there was a demand for this to be done. In such a case, a
constructive trust arises by operation of law, as the circumstances in which
the defendant came into ownership of the sum of US$313,827.30 make it
unconscionable for her to assert her own beneficial interest and to deny the
beneficial interest of the defendant in the sum: Paragon Finance plc v D B
Thakerar & Co (a firm) [1999] 1 All ER 400 (“Paragon Finance”) at 409. As
explained in Snell’s Equity (John McGhee ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2015)
at para 21-024:

… A constructive trust commonly arises where it would be unconscionable for
the owner of property to assert his own beneficial ownership in the property
and deny the beneficial interest of another. The effect of the trust is to
make the defendant give restitution of property that he had acquired by an
equitable wrong …

Hence, due to her breach of fiduciary duty, the sum of US$313,827.30 is held
on constructive trust for the plaintiff, and the defendant is liable to give
restitution to the plaintiff for such sum.

118 The plaintiff’s cause of action for recovery of this sum held on
constructive trust by the defendant is potentially impacted by s 22 of the
Limitation Act, 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

DCC, para 36; Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 305.

which provides:

22.—(1) No period of limitation prescribed by this Act shall apply to an
action by a beneficiary under a trust, being an action —

(a) in respect of any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust to which the trustee
was a party or privy to; or

(b) to recover from the trustee trust property or the proceeds thereof in the
possession of the trustee, or previously received by the trustee and converted
to his use.

(2) Subject to subsection (1), an action by a beneficiary to recover trust
property or in respect of any breach of trust, not being an action for which a
period of limitation is prescribed by any other provision of this Act, shall
not be brought after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the
right of action accrued.

119 In Yong Kheng Leong and another v Panweld Trading Pte Ltd and another
[2013] 1 SLR 173 (“Panweld”), the Court of Appeal explained that there are two
classes of constructive trusts, and that only the first of the two classes,
termed Class 1 constructive trusts, fall within the ambit of s 22 of the
Limitation Act (at [51]). Hence, for s 22 of the Limitation Act to even apply,
it must first be determined that the defendant holds the sum of US$313,827.30
as a Class 1 constructive trustee. The distinction between the two classes
were explained by Millett LJ in Paragon Finance at 409 (cited in Panweld at
[45]):

… In the first class of case … the constructive trustee really is a trustee.
He does not receive the trust property in his own right but by a transaction
by which both parties intend to create a trust from the outset … His
possession of the property is coloured from the first by the trust and
confidence by means of which he obtained it, and his subsequent appropriation
of that property to his own use is a breach of that trust. …

The second class of case is different. It arises when the defendant is
implicated in a fraud. Equity has always given relief against fraud by making
any person sufficiently implicated in the fraud accountable in equity. In such
a case he is traditionally though I think unfortunately described as a
constructive trustee and said to be ‘liable to account as constructive
trustee’. Such a person is not in fact a trustee at all, even though he may be
liable to account as if he were. …

[emphasis added]

120 The distinction between the two classes of constructive trustees was
applied to the facts of Panweld. In that case, a company director paid his
wife salary out of the company’s assets for over 17 years even though she was
never an employee of the company. In the circumstances, the court held that he
was a Class 1 constructive trustee. This was because “[h]e was, by virtue of
his directorship, lawfully able to deal with [the company’s] assets, albeit in
accordance with his fiduciary duties” as a director (Panweld at [48]). By
thereafter unlawfully disposing of the company’s assets to his wife, he was in
breach of the trust and confidence placed in him as a director, and he fell
squarely within the description of a Class 1 constructive trustee.

121 Similarly, in the present case, the plaintiff entrusted her moneys with
the defendant for the purposes of the foreign currency investments, and the
resulting proceeds was the sum of US$313,827.30. In breach of her fiduciary
duties in respect of that sum, the defendant refused to return the sum to the
plaintiff when the plaintiff so requested. The defendant is accordingly a
Class 1 constructive trustee, and s 22 of the Limitation Act therefore
applies.

122 Applying s 22 of the Limitation Act, the plaintiff’s claim that the
defendant is a constructive trustee for the sum of US$313,827.30 will be time-
barred unless she is able to establish fraud or a fraudulent breach of trust,
or that the defendant has converted the trust property to her own use, or is
still in possession of the trust property. In my judgment, since it is the
defendant’s own evidence that she had regarded the sum of US$313,827.30 as the
plaintiff’s contribution to the funding arrangement which I have found to be
concocted (at [90]), the sum clearly has been converted to the defendant’s own
use. Hence, I find that no time bar arises in relation to this proprietary
claim.

The claims in relation to the Northvale property

123 For the Northvale property, the plaintiff seeks a declaration that she is
a 25% owner of the property and for an order that the land-register be
rectified to reflect her ownership. The relief can be granted given my earlier
finding at [48] that the defendant holds the plaintiff’s 25% interest in the
property on a resulting trust. No issue of time bar arises in this regard, as
s 22(1)(b) of the Limitation Act prescribes an exception in cases where a
beneficiary seeks recovery of trust property in the possession of the trustee.

124 However, the plaintiff also seeks an order that the defendant give an
account of the expenses and rental proceeds arising from the Northvale
property. The defendant relies again on s 6(7) of the Limitation Act, which
has been referred to above, to argue that the cause of action for an account
is time-barred. The defendant submits that the plaintiff’s cause of action for
an account of rental proceeds accrued in or around October 2008. That was when
the defendant started providing statements of account for the expenses
incurred and the rental proceeds earned from the Northvale property to the
plaintiff. The defendant argues that, if there were any shortfall in the rent
due to her or any improper deductions, the plaintiff should have been aware of
it by then and commenced any proceedings within six years. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 209.

125 In response, the plaintiff relies on s 22(1) of the Limitation Act, which
has been set out above at [118], to argue that her claim for an account of the
rental proceeds prior to 21 November 2011 (six years before the present suit
was commenced on 21 November 2017) is not time-barred. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Submissions, para 24.

Section 22(1) of the Limitation Act deals, inter alia, with situations where
there has been a fraud or a fraudulent breach of trust, or where there is an
action to recover trust property from the trustee which has been converted by
the trustee.

126 The plaintiff submits that both s 22(1)(a) and (b) would apply. This is
because there was a fraudulent breach of trust by the defendant in dishonestly
overcharging the plaintiff for the upkeep of the Northvale property. Also, by
making unnecessary and inappropriate deductions from the gross rental
proceeds, the defendant had converted a portion of the rental proceeds, which
constitutes trust property.

127 While I agree that s 6(7) of the Limitation Act is relevant because, as
pointed out by the defendant’s counsel, it refers to all claims for equitable
relief, including the obligation to account to the beneficiary for income
earned from trust property, I have some difficulty with the defendant’s
submissions on this issue of time-bar. In particular, I disagree with the
defendant that the cause of action accrued from as early as 2008, when she
started sending statements of account, and when the plaintiff was in a
position to ask for an account if she felt that what was being provided was
inadequate. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 209.

128 In this regard, s 6(2) of the Limitation Act states that “[a]n action for
an account shall not be brought in respect of any matter which arose more than
6 years before the commencement of action”. In Ang Toon Teck v Ang Poon Sin
[1998] SGHC 67, it was held that a cause of action for an account arises when
the accounting party has assets of the claimant in his hands for which he is
liable to account, unless there is an agreement or other arrangement between
them that the liability to account would only arise at a later time (at
[67]–[68]). Applying that principle, the defendant’s equitable obligation to
account to the defendant for the rental proceeds would accrue from the time
she received the rental income earned from the Northvale property. Considered
with s 6(2) of the Limitation Act, the defendant would prima facie only be
liable to account for the rental received in the six years prior to the
commencement of this suit.

129 As for the plaintiff’s reliance on s 22(1) of the Limitation Act, I find
her arguments in that regard to be unsustainable. In relation to s 22(1)(a),
there is simply insufficient evidence before me to show that there was fraud
on the part of the defendant in the manner in which she accounted for the
expenses and net rental proceeds. The evidence showed that there might be a
difference of opinion as to what the defendant was entitled to deduct as
expenses in computing the net rental proceeds, or that the defendant might
inadvertently have made some errors in her deductions because she relied on
estimates, for example, of property tax payable rather than the actual
figures. Such conduct does not amount to fraud. Dishonesty must be established
by the plaintiff, which has not been done. As Vinodh Coomaraswamy J stated at
[196] of Lim Ah Leh v Heng Fock Lin [2018] SGHC 156, when discussing the
requirement of fraud:

The meaning of “fraud” and “fraudulent” for the purposes of s 22(1)(a) is well
established. In Armitage v Nurse and Others [1998] Ch 241 at 260F
(“Armitage”), Millett LJ held that for the purposes of s 21(1)(a) of the
English Limitation Act 1980 (which is in pari materia with s 22(1)(a) of our
Limitation Act), “fraud” requires dishonesty and that dishonesty is defined as
follows (at 251E–F): “[i]f [a trustee] acts in a way which he does not
honestly believe is in the interests of the beneficiaries then he is acting
dishonestly”. [emphasis added in bold italics]

130 As for s 22(1)(b) of the Limitation Act, I do not accept that it has been
shown on the evidence that the defendant has converted a part of the rental
income to her own use, or still retains possession of that portion of the
rental income that should have been paid over. It is alleged that the
defendant made an over-deduction of expenses, for example, by deducting a sum
as property tax which is higher than what was actually levied by the
Comptroller, 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Submissions, paras 66–67; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions,
para 124.

but it does not follow from this that the excess amount charged has been
converted by the defendant or is still in the possession of the defendant.
This has not been established on the evidence. Therefore, the exceptions in s
22(1)(b) do not assist the plaintiff in overcoming the six-year limitation
period for an action for an account.

131 On my analysis of the evidence and the parties’ respective positions, I
find that the plaintiff’s real complaint is that she wants the defendant to
continue giving an account of the rental proceeds from the Northvale property.
This was what the defendant was doing up to July 2016. Throughout the period
when accounts were furnished from October 2008 to July 2016, there was no
evidence that the plaintiff had raised any complaint that the accounts were
inaccurate or wrong, or that there had been any wrongful deductions from the
gross rental proceeds. It is only from July 2016 that the defendant stopped
giving an account of the rental proceeds. That was when the plaintiff raised
her complaint. Further, it was only then that the plaintiff looked carefully
at the expenses that had been deducted over the years, giving rise to the
allegations in these proceedings that the defendant had made improper
deductions. However, as per s 6(2) of the Limitation Act, she is limited to an
account only for the six years prior to the date she commenced these
proceedings given her inability to establish fraud, or that the wrongfully
withheld rental proceeds are still in the possession of the defendant, or had
been converted by the latter.

132 I thus find that the plaintiff is entitled to an account of the expenses
and rental proceeds from the Northvale property from 21 November 2011, being
six years before the commencement of this suit. The expenses and outgoings in
relation to the property must be shared between the three sisters in
proportion to their ownership shares. The same manner of division applies to
the net rental proceeds. After a proper and full account is given, the
defendant must pay over to the plaintiff her share of the net rental proceeds,
insofar as such payment has not already been made.

Doctrine of laches inapplicable

133 For completeness, I find that the plaintiff’s causes of action are not
barred by the doctrine of laches. In Chng Weng Wah v Goh Bak Heng [2016] 2 SLR
464 at [44], the Court of Appeal affirmed the following principles in Cytec
Industries Pte Ltd v APP Chemicals International (Mau) Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 769
at [46]:

Laches is a doctrine of equity. It is properly invoked where essentially there
has been a substantial lapse of time coupled with circumstances where it would
be practically unjust to give a remedy either because the party has by his
conduct done that which might fairly be regarded as equivalent to a waiver
thereof; or, where by his conduct and neglect he had, though perhaps not
waiving that remedy, yet put the other party in a situation in which it would
not be reasonable to place him, if the remedy were afterwards to be asserted …
[emphasis added]

134 As seen from the above, the defendant has been able to tender a
significant amount of documentary evidence in her attempt to defend the
plaintiff’s claims, be it in the form of email correspondence or documents
relating to the Northvale property and the rental proceeds thereof. Insofar as
no documentary evidence was tendered in relation to the alleged funding
agreement and set-off agreement, it was the defendant’s own evidence that she
had funded the IG Asia accounts based on the plaintiff’s oral instructions,
171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Defendant’s AEIC, paras 39, 40, 47.

and that the set-off had been based on oral representations on the plaintiff’s
part. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Defendant’s AEIC, paras 47, 55, 66.

Hence, the lack of documentary evidence with regard to the funding and set-off
agreements is not caused by the lapse of time, as no documentary evidence in
fact existed for those agreements. Accordingly, it would not be practically
unjust to give the plaintiff the remedies sought, in particular as her conduct
cannot be regarded as having been equivalent to a waiver of her claims. From
as early as 2012, the plaintiff had repeatedly sent emails and SMS messages to
the defendant, pestering her for the return of the US$313,827.30 and the
proceeds thereof. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 12(5)–12(9).

Also, it had never been disputed that the plaintiff had paid for her 25% share
in the Northvale property, and the defendant dutifully paid over the
plaintiff’s share in the net rental proceeds of the property until July 2016.
174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 26.

The matters relating to the property only came into issue in May 2016, when
the plaintiff asked for her name to be reflected on the land register, 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 22.

and the defendant subsequently stopped providing tabulated accounts and paying
the plaintiff her share of the rental proceeds. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, paras 26–27.

Remedies and conclusion

135 For the reasons set out above, I allow the claims of the plaintiff as
follows.

136 In relation to the foreign currency investments, I order the defendant to
pay the sum of US$313,827.30 to the plaintiff, and interest at the usual rate
from the date of the writ. I also declare that the defendant holds the said
sum of US$313,827.30 (with interest), and all traceable proceeds or assets
thereof, on constructive trust for the plaintiff. In this regard, I order the
defendant to provide the plaintiff with an account from 6 September 2012 in
respect of the said sum and all its traceable proceeds; 6 September 2012 is
the date when the plaintiff first asked for the return of the sum after
initially acquiescing to placing the sum in the defendant’s personal account
to earn interest. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 12(1)–12(9).

137 In relation to the Northvale property, I declare that the defendant holds
a 25% share of the property on resulting trust for the plaintiff. I order that
the defendant takes immediate steps, at her own cost, to rectify the land-
register to properly reflect that the plaintiff is a tenant-in-common at law
with a 25% share of the property, with the defendant and Eunice holding 50%
and the remaining 25% respectively.

138 I decline to make an order that the property be sold because, if such a
remedy was desired, Eunice should have been made a party to these proceedings.

139 I also order that the defendant is to give an account of the expenses and
rental proceeds from the Northvale property commencing from 21 November 2011.
After the account is given, insofar as the plaintiff has not been paid her
rightful 25% share of the net rental proceeds, the defendant is ordered to pay
over such amount to her.

140 Given that my orders above effectively cover the reliefs that the
plaintiff has sought in her alternative claim in unjust enrichment, 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

SOC, paras 13(3), 22(3).

I do not find it necessary to deal with her arguments regarding that cause of
action.

141 Needless to say, given my findings, the defendant’s counterclaims are
dismissed in their entirety.

142 I will hear parties separately on the question of costs.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judicial Commissioner

Ng Yi Ming Daniel and Chan Wai Kit Darren Dominic (Characterist LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Tan Sia Khoon Kelvin David, Vicki Heng Su Lin and Sara Ng Qian Hui (Vicki Heng
Law Corporation) for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

