Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 147

Originating Summons No 871 of 2017

(Summons No 3979 of 2017)

In the matter of an application by the Attorney-General for an order of
committal for contempt of court

And

In the matter of Section 7(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of Order 52 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of the Affidavits filed by Ong Wui Teck in HC/OS 165 of 2016

The Attorney-General  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Ong Wui Teck  
---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION (sentencing)

[Contempt of Court] — [Criminal contempt]

[Contempt of Court] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Attorney-General v Ong Wui Teck

[2019] SGHC 147

High Court — Originating Summons No 871 of 2017 (Summons No 3979 of 2017)  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
28 May 2019

10 June 2019

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 On 13 February 2019, I delivered judgment on liability, reserving sentence
in [2019] SGHC 30 (“Liability Judgment”). I found Mr Ong Wui Teck (“Mr Ong”)
guilty of contempt in the face of the court as well as contempt by
scandalising the judiciary in the various manner detailed in the Liability
Judgment. At the sentencing hearing that followed on 28 May 2019, Mr Ong was
committed to prison for seven days for contempt. He was further ordered to pay
legal costs including disbursements to the Attorney-General. Mr Ong has
appealed against sentence and duly applied for a stay of execution vide HC/SUM
2736 of 2019. On 31 May 2019, I granted a stay of execution on terms pending
the appeal.

2 Mr Ong did not attend the hearing on 28 May 2019. Prior to 28 May 2019, Mr
Ong informed the Registry of the Supreme Court, in writing, that he would not
file his submissions on sentencing and he further advised that he would not
attend the hearing on 28 May 2019. His position throughout was not to avail
himself of the opportunity to be heard on sentencing in the light of his
pending appeal against the Liability Judgment.

Issue of sentencing

3 The contempt in the present case falls under the category of contempt by
interference (ie, criminal contempt as explained in You Xin v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal [2007] 4 SLR(R) 17 (“You Xin”) at [16] and
affirmed in Shadrake Alan v Attorney-General [2011] 3 SLR 778 (“Shadrake
(CA)”) at [19] and again recently in Tay Kar Oon v Tahir [2017] 2 SLR 342 at
[34]). In passing sentence, this court noted the sentencing guidelines in
Shadrake (CA) at [147]. State Counsel, Mr Khoo Boon Jin (“Mr Khoo”), relied on
three factors listed in Shadrake (CA) that are relevant to the issue of
sentencing in this case. They are: (a) the nature and gravity of the contempt;
(b) the seriousness of the occasion on which the contempt was committed and
the number of contemptuous statements made; and (c) the type and extent of
dissemination of the contemptuous statements, and the importance of deterring
would-be contemnors from following suit.

4 For expediency, as the facts overlap, the three factors identified by Mr
Khoo are considered holistically below.

Gravity of contempt

5 At the heart of the committal proceedings and as noted in the Liability
Judgment, a striking feature of Mr Ong’s recusal application was his improper
motive to judge-shop (Mr Khoo uses the phrase “forum-shop”) and, to achieve
his objective, he made use of a recusal application to have Justice Woo Bih Li
step aside as the Judge assigned to hear the various applications involving
his mother’s estate (ie, Originating Summons No 11 of 2016 (“OS 11”), District
Court Appeal No 21 of 2015 (“DCA 21”), Originating Summons No 365 of 2014 and
Originating Summons No 763 of 2014, collectively referred to as “Mother’s
Estate Actions”). Mr Khoo said in his submissions for sentencing that Mr Ong’s
two affidavits supposedly contained affirmation of the truth of his statements
but they were simply allegations known to Mr Ong to be false. Put simply, he
deliberately deposed to untruthful evidence in his two affidavits motivated by
improper objectives. Plainly, he knew exactly what he was doing to cause a
change of a single-judge coram and to get OS 11 and DCA 21 fixed on different
hearing dates. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

AGC’s submissions on sentencing, para 22.

6 The Liability Judgment found that the two affidavits portrayed false and
misleading versions of events so grave as to constitute contempt being
contempt in the face of the court and contempt by scandalising the judiciary.
Specifically, the serious allegations in Mr Ong’s two affidavits that formed
the basis of his recusal application (OS 165 of 2016) were found to be
entirely groundless, contrived, dishonest and contemptuous. The Liability
Judgment found that the recusal application was reflective of Mr Ong’s motive
and ulterior purpose: Mr Ong had obviously engaged in a vigorous form of
judge-shopping. The telling signs of judge-shopping were evident from the
untruthful evidence and contemptuous statements in his affidavits, and the
contempt was aggravated in his submissions made in the contempt proceedings.
To repeat, his acts and lies were calculated to achieve the desired result of
judge-shopping. Mr Ong pursued his objective with persistence, and it matters
not that he committed contempt in the process. In this context, there is
culpable conduct. Mr Ong’s contempt is very serious.

7 Woo J’s decision in the father’s estate, in the main involving valuable
assets, was favourable to Mr Ong (ie, the 2012 Judgment). On other aspects of
the father’s estate and subsequent applications where Woo J had ruled against
Mr Ong, the allegations against Woo J were untrue and contemptuous. Parties
were notified that Woo J was assigned to hear the Mother’s Estate Actions in
January 2016, about four years after Woo J’s 2012 Judgment. The dispute in
both estates are different but Mr Ong persisted in his unfounded belief that
Woo J would rule against Mr Ong in the Mother’s Estate Actions in order to
cover up Woo J’s wrong rulings in the father’s estate. Besides attacks against
Woo J that constituted contempt in the face of the court, the Liability
Judgment found Mr Ong’s criticisms of the system of administration of justice
and attacks against the court as a whole to constitute scandalising contempt.
Both forms of contempt involve wrongful interference with the administration
of justice.

Appropriate punishment and sentence

8 Having considered the seriousness of this case, I agreed with Mr Khoo that a
fine would be an inappropriate sentence. A litigant who is bent on judge-
shopping would be willing to pay a fine if the desired end is achieved and a
different single-judge coram is formed. In addition, a fine is not a
sufficient penalty given the aggravating factors found in Mr Ong’s case.

9 I now turn to the appropriateness of custodial sentence and the length of
the sentence. A custodial sentence would mark the seriousness of the contempt.
Given the element of public interests in the category of contempt in the
present case, the overall sentencing consideration would be deterrence, both
general and specific deterrence.

10 Mr Khoo informed the court that there are no specific local decisions where
contempt is committed for the purpose of judge-shopping. Mr Khoo drew the
court’s attention to cases from Hong Kong, Australia and New Zealand for
guidance.

11 Secretary for Justice v Choy Bing Wing [2005] HKCU 1726 is one such
decision on sentencing, where the first instance decision on liability is
reported in [2005] HKEC 1971. The respondent, Choy Bing Wing, attempted to
secure the recusal of Justice Rogers VP in an appeal and he accused Justice
Rogers to have intentionally perverted justice, that the judge was dishonest
and that he was a “crook” who fabricated evidence, and that he was a disgrace
to the Hong Kong judiciary. The allegations against Justice Rogers constituted
a serious interference with the administration of justice and were thus
contemptuous. At the liability hearing, the allegations against Justice Rogers
were found to be made with a clear objective of ensuring that the appeal coram
met with the approval of the respondent. Hartmann and Suffiad JJ rightly said:

72\. The attack on Mr Justice Rogers was manifestly pre-mediated and
deliberate, the subject matter of a formal application filed with the court.
It was made with a specific intent; namely, to ensure that Mr Justice Rogers
did not hear the appeal. “Forum shopping” is deprecated. In this instance, the
respondent attempted to effectively have the court constituted as he wished by
indulging in an abusive attack on the integrity of the individual judge.

12 Being satisfied that the affidavits contained words that scandalised the
court to achieve a specific and calculated result, which was the removal of
Justice Rogers, and through him the court itself (at [89]), the Hong Kong
Court of First Instance (“HKCFI”) imposed a custodial sentence of six months
for contempt of court (see sentencing report [2005] HKCU 1726 at [29]). In
passing sentence, the HKCFI noted in the sentencing report at [26]–[28] that
the respondent’s contempt was grave having been fashioned to self-serve the
desires of a single litigant, since the contempt undermined the administration
of justice and through that with the rule of law, it must be met with a
penalty of imprisonment.

13 R v Collins [1954] VLR 46 involved a duly stamped affidavit which was
handed to the associate of the Judge. Even though the affidavit had not yet
been filed and not read aloud, the Supreme Court of Victoria held that there
was sufficient publication for the purposes of scandalising contempt and
contempt in the face of the court and sentenced the contemnor to one month in
prison. The contemnor had previously been convicted of contempt in the past.

14 In Re Wiseman [1969] NZLR 55, the contemnor, who published contemptuous
allegations in four affidavits filed in the Supreme Court of Auckland and
served on the Crown Law Office, as well as a notice of motion on appeal to the
New Zealand Court of Appeal, was found guilty of scandalising contempt and was
imprisoned for three months. The contemnor was a first-time offender, whose
expression of regret was found not to be sincere, had not made any genuine
effort to purge his contempt.

15 As regards the authorities in Singapore on contempt in the face of the
court and scandalising contempt, the custodial sentences have not been as high
as those imposed abroad. In Attorney-General v Chee Soon Juan [2006] 2 SLR(R)
650 (“2006 Chee”), the respondent filed a bankruptcy statement that alleged
that the Singapore judiciary was biased and unfair, amongst other things, and
he read out the bankruptcy statement in chambers before an Assistant
Registrar. The respondent was a first-time offender who did not purge his
contempt and maintained the allegations in the bankruptcy statement. He was
convicted of scandalising contempt and contempt in the face of the court and
sentenced to one day’s imprisonment and a fine of $6,000, seven days’
imprisonment in default.

16 You Xin and Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party & Ors [2009] 1 SLR
(R) 642 (“Lee Hsien Loong v SDP”) were cases where the contempt in the face of
the court and scandalising contempt were committed in open court. Contemptuous
behaviour before the court warranted a sentence of imprisonment. In You Xin,
the contemnors were first-time offenders who did not apologise for their
conduct. They were each sentenced to two days’ imprisonment. In Lee Hsien
Loong v SDP, there were two contemnors. Both refused to retract their
contemptuous statements or apologise. For scandalising contempt and contempt
in the face of the court, the first-time offender was sentenced to 10 days’
imprisonment and the second contemnor, who had committed contempt previously,
was sentenced to 12 days’ imprisonment.

17 In Attorney-General v Tan Liang Joo John and others [2009] 2 SLR (R) 1132,
three respondents wore T-shirts imprinted with a picture of a kangaroo dressed
in a Judge’s robe and they stood within and in the vicinity of the Supreme
Court. On another date, the first respondent, John Tan, wore the same T-shirt
and posted (or acquiesced in the posting) on a website a photograph of the
respondents wearing the T-shirts and standing outside the Supreme Court
building. The three respondents were first-time offenders who refused to
apologise. They were convicted of scandalising contempt. The first respondent
was sentenced to 15 days’ imprisonment; the remaining two other respondents
were each sentenced to seven days’ imprisonment.

18 With the above cases in mind, in coming to my decision on the
appropriateness of custodial sentence as a deterrence (general and specific)
and the length of any sentence, the following matters were considered. First,
Mr Ong is a litigant in person. However, Mr Ong came across as an educated
person who is more than capable of self-representation. There was every
indication of his comprehension of the proceedings. He is an intelligent man
who understood the gravity of the contempt proceedings and has had no
difficulty conducting his own defence. I do not regard his lack of legal
representation to be in anyway prejudicial or that he had been in any way
disadvantaged by self-representation. Second, Mr Ong was given an opportunity
to purge his contempt before the Attorney-General applied for leave to
initiate committal proceedings against Mr Ong. He refused to back down. From
this perspective, he brought on himself the committal proceedings. Third,
throughout the committal proceedings, Mr Ong was not remorseful and aggravated
his contempt in his submissions at the committal proceedings. He remains
unremorseful up until the hearing on 28 May 2019. He steadfastly refuses to
apologise and continues to hold the view that he had done nothing wrong or was
justified in what he did. Finally, and above all, Mr Ong made use of the
recusal application to achieve a singular result, willing to commit contempt
in the course of his effort to judge-shop which in itself is a blight on the
proper and due administration of justice. On account of this, his contempt was
deliberate, sustained and motivated, all of which are serious aggravating
factors.

19 In the course of his submissions, Mr Khoo, fairly, drew to the court’s
attention possible arguments that Mr Ong may have wished to make in mitigation
if he were present at the sentencing hearing. The broad points are as follows.
First, a possible plea of leniency since publication in affidavits for a
matter heard in chambers are different from publication in a book or
newspaper. In other words, the dissemination of his contemptuous statements is
limited. This point on limited publication has been considered in the
Liability Judgment and rejected. Besides, Mr Ong’s type of conduct containing
lies in affidavits to achieve a calculated result showed that he was not
acting in good faith and any excuse that he was engaging in fair criticism of
Woo J was dishonest and like in Choy Bing Wing, the “attacks were not
susceptible of any form of reasoned answer” (see report on liability at [89]).
I agreed with Mr Khoo’s point that the seriousness of judge-shopping outweighs
the matter of dissemination. Second, Mr Ong’s age could have been argued as a
mitigating factor. Mr Khoo submitted that Mr Ong is about 64 years old.
Although age could be a mitigating factor for a lengthy sentence, Mr Khoo
asked the court to impose a custodial sentence of at least seven days, and by
all counts, a duration of seven days is short. Hence, age is not a mitigating
factor in the present case. I agreed with Mr Khoo on this point. Finally, Mr
Ong appears to be a first-time contemnor and this fact was noted by this court
in sentencing.

20 Having regard to the requirements of punishment and deterrence, I ordered a
custodial sentence of seven days. Like Justice Lai Siu Chiu said in 2006 Chee
at [61], seven days is a notice and a warning to would-be litigants who
deliberately take out a recusal application calculated to judge-shop. In
addition, a custodial sentence of seven days is within the range of punishment
consistent with local authorities. As stated, Mr Ong was ordered to pay the
costs of SUM No 3979 of 2017 fixed at $24,000 plus disbursements of $5,625.91.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge

Khoo Boo Jin, Elaine Liew and May Ng (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
applicant;  
The respondent in person and absent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

