Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 261

Originating Summons No 1099 of 2019

Between

| Stargood Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Shimizu Corporation  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Building and Construction Law] — [Statutes and regulations] — [Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act] — [Adjudication determinations]
— [Jurisdiction]  

[Building and Construction Law] — [Statutes and regulations] — [Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act] — [Subcontracts] — [Claims by
subcontractor after termination of subcontract]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Stargood Construction Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Shimizu Corp

[2019] SGHC 261

High Court — Originating Summons 1099 of 2019  
Vincent Hoong JC  
21 October 2019

6 November 2019 Judgment reserved.

Vincent Hoong JC:

Introduction

1 By Originating Summons No 1099 of 2019, the plaintiff seeks to set aside two
adjudication determinations, namely Adjudication Determination No
SOP/AA203/2019 (“AA 203”) and Adjudication Determination No SOP/AA245/2019
(“AA 245”). The plaintiff also seeks a declaration to serve a further payment
claim on the defendant.

2 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I allow the plaintiff’s
application. I agree with the plaintiff that the adjudicator in AA 203 was
wrong to conclude that upon termination of the plaintiff’s employment under
the subcontract (“the Sub-Contract”), the plaintiff was not entitled to submit
a further payment claim and to enforce it by adjudication under the Building
and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“SOPA”). Given this finding in AA 203, it necessarily follows that the
adjudicator in AA 245 was wrong in dismissing the plaintiff’s payment claim on
the ground that the plaintiff was bound by the adjudicator’s determination in
AA 203.

Facts

3 The plaintiff was one of the defendant’s subcontractors of a project at 79
Robinson Road, of which the defendant is the main contractor. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Lin Jie Biao’s 1st affidavit (“LJB”) at pp 261 to 263.

The parties do not dispute that the defendant, by a notice of termination,
terminated the plaintiff’s employment under the Sub-Contract 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

LJB at pp 2436 to 2437.

pursuant to clause 33.2 of the Sub-Contract, which provides: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

LJB at pp 291 to 292.

At any time after the Project Director is satisfied that the Sub-Contractor
has defaulted in respect of any of the grounds set out under Clause 33.1, the
Project Director shall issue a Notice of Default to the Sub-Contractor
specifying the default, and stating the Contractor’s intention to terminate
the Sub-Contract unless the default is rectified within 7 days from the date
of the said notice. If the Sub-Contractor fails to rectify the specified
default within 7 days from the receipt of the Notice of Default, the
Contractor shall be entitled, within any further notice to the Sub-Contractor,
to terminate the employment of the Sub-Contractor by issuing to the Sub-
Contractor a Notice of Termination of [the] Sub-Contract. [emphasis added]

4 After the termination of the Sub-Contract, the plaintiff served Payment
Claim No 12 (“PC 12”) on the defendant for the sum of $2,599,359.44. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

LJB at [9] and Dino Jose Nacianceno Orino’s 1st affidavit at [11].

The defendant did not serve a payment response to PC 12. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

LJB at [10] to [13].

The plaintiff then proceeded to lodge AA 203. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

LJB at [14].

In its adjudication response, the defendant alleged, inter alia, that (a) PC
12 had not been served on it and (b) PC 12 was outside the purview of the
SOPA. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

LJB at pp 44 to 107.

5 The adjudicator dismissed AA 203 as he was found that PC 12 was improperly
served on the defendant and alternatively, on jurisdictional grounds. The
adjudicator referred to Engineering Construction Pte Ltd v Attorney-General
[1994] 1 SLR(R) 125 (“Engineering Construction”) and Far East Square Pte Ltd v
Yau Lee Construction (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2019] 2 SLR 189 (“FES”) and
concluded that the plaintiff was not entitled to serve PC 12. This was because
the plaintiff had served PC 12 after the defendant had already terminated the
Sub-Contract. This, according to the adjudicator, rendered the project
director functus officio as regards his certifying function under the Sub-
Contract. He opined at [104] of the adjudication determination (“AD”): 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

LJB at pp 204 to 208 at [91] to [97] and p 210 at [104] to [105].

Because the Project Director was functus officio with respect to his
certifying function, applying the reasoning in Engineering Construction (as
set out above) and FES, no post-termination payment certification regime
existed under the Sub-Contract. As such, the [plaintiff] no longer had an
entitlement to serve a payment claim as the Project Director no longer had the
power, under the Sub-Contract, to certify the same.

6 The adjudicator recognised that there was a conceptual difference between
termination of a contract and the termination of one’s employment under a
contract (LW Infrastructure Pte Ltd v Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd [2011]
4 SLR 477 (“LW Infrastructure”) at [51]–[53]). However, he did not think that
it mattered as “there were no post-termination primary obligations in the Sub-
Contract regarding [the] certification of payment claims.” 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

LJB at p 211, [108] to [109].

7 Before the adjudicator issued his AD for AA 203, the plaintiff served
Payment Claim No 13 (“PC 13”), claiming the same sum as it did in PC 12. The
defendant served its payment response, with its response amount stated as
“nil”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

LJB at [20] to [21].

The plaintiff did not apply to set aside AA 203 as it took the position that
the adjudicator had based his determination on jurisdictional grounds and not
on the substantive merits. AA 203 was therefore not binding in a subsequent
adjudication under the SOPA. Hence, the plaintiff proceeded to commence AA
245. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

LJB at [22] to [23].

In its adjudication response to AA 245, the defendant argued, inter alia, that
the plaintiff was bound by the adjudicator’s determination in AA 203. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

LJB at p 2809.

The adjudicator agreed with the defendant and determined at [92] 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

LJB at p 3093.

that:

… I accept the [defendant’s] submission and hold that the [plaintiff] is bound
by the determinations of the issues determined by [the] learned adjudicator in
the AD of SOP/AA203, in particular, in respect of the fundamental issue that
upon termination of the Sub-Contract, the [plaintiff] was not entitled to
submit any further payment claim under the Sub-Contact and enforce it by
adjudication under the [SOPA]. Consequently, it follows from the AD of SOP/AA
203 and section 21(1) of the [SOPA] that the [plaintiff] was also not entitled
to submit PC 13 and PC13 is therefore invalid under section 10 of the [SOPA].
[emphasis in original]

8 The adjudicator accordingly dismissed AA 245.

The plaintiff’s case

9 In the main, the plaintiff argues that the adjudicator in AA 203 was wrong
in determining that the plaintiff was not entitled to issue a further payment
claim under the Sub-Contract after termination. First, the adjudicator failed
to give effect to Parliament’s intention that claims for work done or goods
supplied before termination of a contract are valid. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) at paras 46 to 58.

Second, that there are High Court decisions that were binding on the
adjudicator to the effect that a claimant is entitled to serve payment claims
and for them to be adjudicated upon notwithstanding termination. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PWS at paras 59 to 71.

Finally, that the adjudicator for AA 203 had misconstrued and applied the
principles in FES wrongly in his AD. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PWS at paras 72 to 95.

The defendant’s case

10 The defendant contends that the application should be dismissed for the
following reasons:

a. The plaintiff’s application requires the court to review the substantive
merits of the adjudicator’s decision in AA 203 which is not the court’s role.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) at para 30.

b. The adjudicator was correct in finding that the project director was
functus officio as the defendant had terminated the Sub-Contract when the
payment claim was submitted. As such, the primary obligations of the parties
had come to an end. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DWS at para 35.

c. The application to set aside the AD in AA 203 did not fall within any of
the accepted grounds. First, there was no breach of natural justice. Secondly,
it was not alleged that the adjudicator was not validly appointed. Thirdly,
there was no non-compliance with one or more of the provisions of the SOPA.
Finally, there was no patent error on the face of the record. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DWS at paras 28 to 31.

c. The plaintiff did not challenge the adjudicator’s finding in AA 203 that
there was invalid service of PC 12 on the defendant. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DWS at paras 56 to 61.

The issues

11 There are two issues to be determined:

(a) whether the project director was functus officio when the plaintiff served
PC 12 on the defendant; and

(b) whether the plaintiff was entitled to serve PC 12 and PC 13 for works done
prior to the termination of the Sub-Contract.

My decision

Issue 1: Whether the project director was functus officio when the plaintiff
served PC 12 on the defendant

12 Fundamentally, FES is plainly inapplicable on the facts of the present
case. The issue in FES was not whether a claimant could serve a payment claim
and have its claim adjudicated after the termination of the contract. The
Court of Appeal’s observations of the architect being functus officio related
to a situation where the works had been completed and the architect had
already issued the final certificate for the project, after the expiry of the
maintenance period. In such a situation, there was simply no legal basis to
submit further payment claims unless the claimant could show that the final
certificate was manifestly invalid because, for example, it had been issued
before the project even reached the stage of practical completion (FES at [39]
and [42]).

13 In this case, there is no allegation that the final certificate has been
issued, such that the project director is functus officio with respect to his
certifying function. Indeed, the issue is not whether the plaintiff is
entitled to serve a payment claim after the final certificate has been issued,
as was the case in FES. The key issue in this case is whether the plaintiff
can serve a payment claim and have its claim adjudicated after the termination
of its employment under the Sub-Contract.

14 The defendant’s notice of termination under clause 33.2 does not have the
effect of terminating the entire Sub-Contract. It only serves to terminate the
plaintiff’s employment under the Sub-Contract. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

LJB at p 292.

As such, the project director is not functus officio with regard to his
certifying function: LW Infrastructure at [51]–[53]. There are also no
provisions in the Sub-Contract that prohibit the plaintiff from serving
payment claims in a situation where the plaintiff’s employment under the Sub-
Contract has been terminated.

15 This is unlike Engineering Construction (which was decided before the SOPA
came into operation) where it was the contract and not the contractor’s
employment that had been terminated. This distinction is material. In LW
Infrastructure, Judith Prakash J (as she then was) pointed out at [51]:

There is, however, a clear conceptual distinction between the termination of
the contract and termination of one’s employment under the contract. This
distinction was explained in [Chow Kok Fong, Law and Practice of Construction
Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 3rd Ed, 2004)] ([44] supra at p 598):

The activation of the termination proceedings usually operates to alter the
employer’s obligations for payments. These changes may occur at two levels.
Firstly, where the termination provision provides for the contract to be
terminated as opposed to the determination of the contractor’s employment, it
would seem that the effect is that all the arrangements under the contract
comes to an end. In these circumstances, an architect or engineer becomes
functus officio and he can no longer certify payments or administer the
contract: Engineering Construction…. For this reason, the wording used in the
provisions of contracts like the JCT and the SIA standard forms distinguish
carefully between the determination of a contractor’s employment and the
termination of a contract. …

[emphasis in original]

16 For these reasons, the adjudicator in AA 203 was wrong to conclude that the
project director was functus officio as regards his certifying function under
the Sub-Contract upon the termination of the plaintiff’s employment under the
Sub-Contract.

Issue 2: whether the plaintiff was entitled to serve PC 12 and PC 13 for works
done prior to the termination of its employment

17 The issue thus turns to whether the plaintiff can serve its payment claim
for works done prior to the termination of its employment under the Sub-
Contract.

18 Section 5 of the SOPA makes it clear that a person who has carried out any
construction work, or supplied any goods or services, under a contract is
entitled to a progress payment. If proven on the merits, the works that are
claimed for under PC 12 and PC 13 relate to works for which the plaintiff has
an accrued entitlement to payment, as it is undisputed that they relate to
works which the plaintiff had carried out before the termination of its
employment by the defendant. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PWS at para 10 and DWS at para 6.

19 The authorities speak with one voice in showing that a contractor who has
performed works under a construction contract can continue to claim for such
works even after its employment under the contract has been terminated. This
is because the contractor has an accrued statutory entitlement to payment,
which necessarily survives the termination: CHL Construction Pte Ltd v
Yangguang Group Pte Ltd [2019] 4 SLR 1382 at [21]–[22], AU v AV [2006] SGSOP 9
at [13] and Tiong Seng Contractors (Pte) Ltd v Chuan Lim Construction Pte Ltd
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 364 at [17]–[18].

20 That the contractor’s entitlement to payment survives termination accords
with the legislative intent of the SOPA, which seeks to facilitate cash flow
in the building and construction industry. As Woo Bih Li J observed in Choi
Peng Kum and another v Tan Poh Eng Construction Pte Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 1210 at
[38]:

… Most contractors have more than one project. The money received under one
project may be used for the same project and/or for other projects. The fact
that a project is ended by termination and that the contractor is no longer
carrying out works thereunder does not necessarily mean that his concern for
cash flow ends. The fact that he is no longer carrying out works under that
project does not mean that all his expenses come abruptly to a halt.
Furthermore, he might also be under liabilities and/or have made payments to
other subcontractors or suppliers for the same project for which he was
seeking reimbursement, plus the profit element, from the owner before the
project is terminated.

21 Hence, it cannot be right that the SOPA no longer applies to works done
before the termination of the said contract. Such an interpretation would
place subcontractors and suppliers at the mercy of the main contractor or
employer, who can resist or delay payment for works done or goods supplied by
terminating the underlying contract on tenuous grounds. Apart from
contradicting the express wording under s 5 of the SOPA, this clearly
militates against the underlying legislative intent of the SOPA.

22 It is noteworthy that there has been a recent amendment to the SOPA.
Instead of “a construction contract or a supply contract” (s 2 of the SOPA), a
“contract” under the SOPA will soon be defined as “a construction contract or
a supply contract, and includes a construction contract or a supply contract
that has been terminated” [emphasis added]: clause 2(b) of the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment (Amendment) Bill (No 38 of 2018)
(“SOP (Amendment) Bill of 2018”).

23 This amendment was explained during the second reading of the SOP
(Amendment) Bill of 2018 (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (2
October 2018) vol 94 (Zaqy Mohamad, Minister of State for National
Development) (“Parliamentary Debates”)):

Another amendment, also at clause 3, will make clear that claims for work done
or goods supplied before termination are valid. This is to address any
ambiguity on the point as to whether claimants can apply for adjudication upon
contract termination… [emphasis added]

24 Although the SOP (Amendment) Bill of 2018 has not come into force, the
Parliamentary Debates makes it clear that the SOP (Amendment) Bill of 2018
does not change the current position. It seeks only to “address any
ambiguity”. Hence, it must be correct that, even at present, a contractor or
supplier who is entitled to a progress payment may still serve such a payment
claim after the termination of the contract, so long as the claim relates to
works done or goods and services supplied before the termination of the
contract.

25 It is therefore clear that the adjudicator in AA 203 had wrongly decided
the issue of whether the plaintiff was entitled to serve payment claims for
works done prior to the termination of its employment under the Sub-Contract.
This error went towards the jurisdiction of both adjudicators in AA 203 and AA
245 (where the latter held that the plaintiff remained bound by the prior
adjudicator’s erroneous findings in this regard). Hence, I am satisfied that
there are just grounds to set aside both ADs: see Citiwall Safety Glass Pte
Ltd v Mansource Interior Pte Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 797 at [48].

26 However, the adjudicator’s primary ground for the rejection of the
plaintiff’s claim in AA 203 was the improper service of PC 12 on the
defendant. The plaintiff has not contested this issue in the hearing before
me. For this reason, I find that this aspect of the adjudicator’s
determination in AA 203 ought not to be set aside. The court has the power to
set aside a severable part of an AD for jurisdictional error if it is both
textually and substantially severable from the remainder of the determination:
Rong Shun Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd v CP Ong Construction Pte Ltd
[2017] 4 SLR 359 at [141] and [155].

27 I accordingly exercise my discretion to sever only those parts of the AD of
AA 203 which dealt with the issue of whether the plaintiff could issue a
payment claim post-termination of the Sub-Contract.

Engineering Construction and LW Infrastructure are inapplicable to the SOPA
regime

28 From the foregoing, it can be seen that under the SOPA regime, a
contractor’s entitlement to progress payment is premised on work done, or
goods and services supplied, under a contract. Such an accrued entitlement to
payment survives termination of the contract. In this regard, the SOPA and the
relevant cases relating to the SOPA above do not distinguish between cases
where the entire contract is terminated, and cases where only the employment
under the contract is terminated. Instead, the fundamental concern is whether
the right to payment accrued under the SOPA. This is consistent with the
Parliamentary Debates, which simply makes clear that, under the SOPA, “claims
for work done or goods supplied before termination are valid”, with no
distinction between the types of termination (ie, of the entire contract or
the employment only).

29 Hence, for claims under the SOPA, any distinction between the termination
of a contractor’s employment and of the entire contract are immaterial. This
is not at odds with both Engineering Construction and LW Infrastructure, as
they were both cases which did not involve the SOPA. While Engineering
Construction pre-dated the SOPA, LW Infrastructure was concerned with an
appeal against an arbitrator’s award under s 49(1) of the Arbitration Act (Cap
10, 2002 Rev Ed).

30 Nonetheless, my decision does not turn on this issue as the fact remains
that the adjudicator in AA 203 committed the error in finding that the project
director was functus officio in relation to his certifying functions. This was
against the authority of LW Infrastructure (see [15] above).

Declaratory order

31 As for the declaratory order sought, I am satisfied that the three
requirements as summarised in DNKH Logistics Pte Ltd v Liberty Insurance Pte
Ltd [2019] 4 SLR 1063 at [23] have been satisfied. They are: (a) that the
plaintiff has a real interest in bringing the action; (b) that there is a real
controversy between the parties; and (c) that the declaration relates to a
right which is personal to the plaintiff and which is enforceable against the
defendant.

32 In the main, since both adjudicators dismissed the plaintiff’s claims for
work done prior to the termination of its employment under the Sub-Contract,
there remains a real controversy to be resolved by way of adjudication under
the SOPA. This is clearly the plaintiff’s personal right, and it has a real
interest, in the form of monetary satisfaction (if successful), in having its
claims against the defendant adjudicated under the SOPA.

Conclusion

33 For the above reasons, I allow the plaintiff’s application and grant the
following orders:

(a) That the AD made in AA 203 be set aside in part. In particular, the
adjudicator’s findings in relation to PC 12 being an invalid payment claim as
it was served after the termination of the Sub-Contract are set aside. This
includes, but is not limited to, [104]–[107], [110]–[116], [128]–[132] of the
AD.

(b) That the AD made in AA 245 be set aside in its entirety.

(c) A declaration that the plaintiff is entitled to serve a further payment
claim on the defendant for construction work done under the Sub-Contract known
as the “SUB-CONTRACT FOR SUPPLY LABOUR FOR CONCRETING AND REBAR WORK & SUPPLY
MATERIAL AND LABOUR FOR FORMWORK" pursuant to s 10 of the SOPA. Such
construction work that may be claimed for is expressly limited to work done
prior to the termination of the plaintiff’s employment under the Sub-Contract.

34 I will now hear parties on the question of costs.

Vincent Hoong  
Judicial Commissioner

Chong Chi Chuin Christopher and Chen Zhihui (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Lee Peng Khoon Edwin, Yong Boon On, Amanda Koh Jia Yi and Lee Shu Qing (Eldan
Law LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

