Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 280

Originating Summons No 773 of 2019

In the matter of Section 354B of the Companies Act (Cap 50)

And

In the matter of Article 15 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border
Insolvency

And

In the matter of Rooftop Group International Pte Ltd

(1)| Rooftop Group International Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Darren Scott Matloff  
  
… Applicants

And

(1)| Triumphant Gold Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Polar Ventures Overseas Limited  
  
… Non-parties

judgment

[Insolvency Law]— [Cross-border insolvency] — [Recognition of foreign
insolvency proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Rooftop Group International Pte Ltd and another (Triumphant Gold Ltd and
another, non-parties)

[2019] SGHC 280

High Court — Originating Summons No 773 of 2019  
Aedit Abdullah J  
15 August 2019

3 December 2019 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 In these proceedings, Rooftop Group International Pte Ltd (“the first
applicant”), a Singapore-incorporated company, and its putative foreign
representative, Mr Darren Scott Matloff (“the second applicant”) seek
recognition of ongoing US Chapter 11 proceedings, and assistance under the
United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) Model Law on
Cross-Border Insolvency (30 May 1997) (“the Model Law”) as enacted in the
Tenth Schedule of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”). Triumphant
Gold Limited (“TGL”) and Polar Venture Overseas Limited, the non-parties in
these proceedings and creditors of the first applicant, do not oppose
recognition of the US Chapter 11 proceedings as a foreign non-main proceeding,
but disagree on the scope of the assistance to be afforded. The non-parties
also oppose the recognition of the second applicant as the first applicant’s
foreign representative.

Background

2 The first applicant manufactured and sold toys and hobby-grade drones, using
the trade name “Propel RC®”. It claims to have had some success in the United
States (“US”) market. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicants’ submissions at paras 1–2.

As it was, the first applicant obtained a licence to produce “Star Wars”
drones for the 2016 holiday season. “Star Wars” is, of course, a science
fiction franchise of some contemporary popularity, presently owned by Disney,
an entertainment conglomerate. Sales would have been promising. However, the
launch of the drones was postponed to 2017 despite production being underway.
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Applicants’ submissions at paras 3–4.

This caused the first applicant, which had taken loans from external lenders,
including the non-parties, to encounter liquidity problems. The maturity dates
of these loans were extended, with additional financing obtained, although at
increased interest rates. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 6.

In the end, the “Star Wars” drones did not perform as hoped. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 7.

3 Litigation was pursued by TGL, which eventually culminated in the first
applicant filing for Chapter 11 in the US Bankruptcy Court for the Northern
District of Texas (“the US Chapter 11 Proceedings”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Applicants’ submissions at paras 8–11.

The US worldwide moratorium granted was, as is customary in these things, not
complied with by TGL, which continued proceedings in Singapore. These were
then followed by the present application to seek the assistance of the
Singapore courts. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Applicants’ submissions at paras 13–14.

Summary of the applicants’ case

4 The applicants seek: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 15.

(a) recognition of the US Chapter 11 Proceedings as a foreign main proceeding,
or alternatively, as a foreign non-main proceeding;

(b) the recognition of the second applicant as the foreign representative of
the first applicant; and

(c) a moratorium against:

(i) the winding up of the first applicant;

(ii) the commencement or continuation of legal proceedings against the first
applicant;

(iii) the commencement, continuation or levy of any execution, distress or
other legal process against any property of the first applicant; and

(iv) the right to transfer, encumber or otherwise dispose of any property of
the first applicant.

5 Specific to [4(c)(ii)] above, the applicants originally sought that the
proceedings in Originating Summons No 544 of 2018 (“OS 544/2019”) and Suit No
252 of 2019 (“S 252/2019”) be stayed. By way of background, OS 544/2019 is an
application by TGL to enforce a share charge it holds over 44 shares in the
first applicant which are presently held in the name of Gandiva Investments
Limited (“GIL”). Suit 252/2019 is an action by TGL against the first
applicant, Asian Express Holdings Ltd (“AE”) and GIL for sums loaned to the
first applicant and guaranteed by the other two defendants. Summary judgment
has already been obtained by TGL against the first applicant. AE and GIL have
filed Summons No 4022 of 2019 in S 252/2019 for a stay pending the disposal of
these proceedings. At the hearing before me, the applicants clarified that
they only sought a stay of enforcement of the summary judgment obtained
against the first applicant; they did not oppose the proceedings in S 252/2019
continuing against AE and GIL.

6 It was argued that the US Chapter 11 Proceedings are a foreign main
proceeding as the first applicant’s centre of main interest (“COMI”) was in
the US. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Applicants’ submissions at paras 51–81.

The non-parties’ case

7 The non-parties do not contest recognition of the US Chapter 11 Proceedings
as a foreign non-main proceeding. They do, however, contend that the US
Chapter 11 Proceedings are not a foreign main proceeding as the first
applicant’s COMI was in Singapore or that the presumption in favour of the
place of incorporation, ie, Singapore, applies. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of Hiroyuki Mukaibo (“TGL’s affidavit”) at paras 73–77.

The non-parties also object to the recognition of the second applicant as the
first applicant’s foreign representative as he will not act impartially, and
will favour the shareholders’ and his own interests. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

TGL’s affidavit at paras 79–81.

8 The non-parties further contend that any assistance granted to the US
Chapter 11 Proceedings should not include a stay of legal proceedings in OS
544/2019 and S 252/2019. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Non-parties’ submissions at para 4(c).

Decision

9 The first applicant’s COMI is situated in Singapore, by virtue of the
presumption in favour of the place of incorporation. Recognition is thus
granted to the US Chapter 11 Proceedings as a foreign non-main proceeding
under Art 17 of the Model Law. Although there are serious concerns about the
second applicant’s fitness to serve as the first applicant’s foreign
representative, the Model Law does not allow the Singapore court to appoint
another person in the second applicant’s stead. Stays are not granted against
the proceedings for the enforcement of the share charge against GIL in OS
544/2019, as well as the continuation of the suit against GIL and AE in S
252/2019.

Analysis

10 The analysis will proceed as follows:

(a) whether the US Chapter 11 Proceedings are foreign main or non-main
proceedings;

(b) what assistance is to be granted to the US Chapter 11 Proceedings; and

(c) whether the second applicant should be recognised as the first applicant’s
foreign representative.

Whether the US Chapter 11 Proceedings are foreign main or non-main proceedings

11 The determination of whether the US Chapter 11 Proceedings are foreign main
or non-main proceedings turns on whether the first applicant’s COMI lies in
the US or in Singapore.

COMI

The law

12 I examined the law on this area in Re Zetta Jet Pte Ltd and others (Asia
Aviation Holdings Pte Ltd, intervener) [2019] 4 SLR 1343 (“Zetta Jet (No 2)”).
In brief:

(a) The relevant date for ascertaining the COMI of a company is the date on
which the application for recognition is filed (at [61]).

(b) The presumption under Art 16(3) of the Model Law operates such that the
place of the debtor company’s registered office is presumed to be its COMI.
This presumption may be displaced if various factors which are ascertainable
by third parties, particularly creditors and potential creditors of the debtor
company, point to a different location as being its COMI (at [76]).

(c) It is material, in determining which factors to take into consideration in
a COMI determination, to consider how likely it is that a creditor would weigh
a particular factor in mind when deciding whether to afford credit to the
debtor company (at [78]).

(d) There should be an element of settled permanence or intended permanence in
the factors considered (at [79]).

(e) The focus is on determining the centre of gravity of the objectively
ascertainable factors. Such determination will be based on a robust and
entirely qualitative analysis (at [80]).

(f) Where there are disputed facts, the court will have to make the best
conclusions it can in the circumstances. Where the factors considered do not
clearly tip in favour of a particular location, the presumption would operate,
and the location of the registered office will be taken to be the debtor
company’s COMI (at [81]).

(g) In undertaking an analysis on where a debtor company’s COMI is located,
the court’s focus is on actual facts on the ground rather than on legal
structures (at [82]).

As presently advised, I do not see any reason to depart from this approach,
though I do note that there has been some criticism of my adopting the US
approach in fixing the date of the COMI determination as that of the
recognition application. This, however, is not the appropriate case to
reconsider the issue as the date for the COMI determination of the first
applicant is not material. Indeed, none of the parties sought to raise
arguments on this point.

Arguments on COMI

13 The applicants argue that the first applicant’s COMI was in the US. No
operations were conducted out of Singapore; no employees were based here. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 59.

The business of the first applicant was in the US: it was originally organised
and operated through a US company in California, but was restructured to take
advantage of the tax regime in Singapore. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Applicants’ submissions at paras 60–62.

The primary asset of the first applicant, the Propel RC brand, is widely
recognised in the US, and derives most of its goodwill there, with a presence
in many major retailers. The US accounted for 90% of the yearly sales of
Propel products. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 63.

Presently, the Rooftop group has ceased its manufacturing, sales and
distribution business. The first applicant instead engages in the licensing of
its intellectual property (“IP”) rights, which are its only assets and are
governed by Californian law. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 64.

The IP rights are overwhelmingly registered in the US. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 65.

The place of central administration of the first applicant is in the US,
particularly as the second applicant was and continues to be the sole decision
maker: he is a US citizen and has been operating the first applicant from the
US. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Applicants’ submissions at paras 66–68.

His status as the primary person in charge of the first applicant’s
administration is readily ascertainable by the creditors. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 69.

Importantly, the second applicant is recognised as a significant person within
the first applicant by the non-parties, as he is insured as a key man under
the loan agreements with the non-parties. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Applicants’ submissions at paras 72–73.

The fact that investor presentations and creditors meetings were in Singapore;
that negotiations on the loan agreements took place in Hong Kong; and that the
loan agreements provided for Singapore law as the governing law with
provisions for disputes to be settled in the Singapore courts or Singapore-
seated arbitration, do not point to Singapore as the COMI. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Applicants’ submissions at paras 74–77.

14 The non-parties argue, citing Zetta Jet (No 2), that the relevant factors
are those objectively ascertainable by third parties, particularly creditors
and potential creditors. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Non-parties’ submissions at para 5–6.

That the second applicant is the sole decision maker, that he is a US citizen
and that he has been living in and operating the first applicant from the US
since 2014 are outweighed by the fact that as far as the majority of the
creditors are concerned, meetings with the second applicant took place in
Singapore and Hong Kong. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Non-parties’ submissions at para 10.

There was no representation that the first applicant was a US based entity,
unlike in Zetta Jet (No 2). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Non-parties’ submissions at para 12.

Letters of support by the first applicant’s creditors were all addressed to
its registered address in Singapore. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Non-parties’ submissions at para 14.

Most of the first applicant’s creditors are also not based in the US. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Non-parties’ submissions at para 15.

All of the loan agreements entered into by the first applicant provide for
either Singapore or Hong Kong as the governing law and jurisdiction, with the
majority pointing to Singapore. In fact, an arbitration was commenced by the
first applicant in the Singapore International Arbitration Centre over the
validity of the loan agreements entered into with TGL which was heard and
determined. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Non-parties’ submissions at paras 16–17.

The IP rights were licenced to a Hong Kong company with a place of business in
China; the registration of these rights in the US do not point to a US COMI.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Non-parties’ submissions at para 18.

No evidence was given that the majority of the first applicant’s employees
prior to 2019 were based in the US. In contrast, an investor presentation made
in April 2018 stated that the majority of the employees were employed in and
operated out of Asia. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Non-parties’ submissions at para 19.

Thus, the applicants have not rebutted the presumption of the first
applicant’s COMI being in the place of incorporation.

Consideration of the factors

15 The following factors do point to the US as the first applicant’s COMI:

(a) the second applicant, the primary decision maker for the first applicant,
being a US citizen;

(b) the first applicant’s sales being primarily concentrated in the US; and

(c) the first applicant’s main assets, its IP rights, being substantially
registered in the US.

16 The factors pointing away from the US as the first applicant’s COMI are:

(a) the first applicant not making any representation online, or elsewhere,
that it was a US based entity;

(b) the first applicant’s creditors were not generally located in the US; and

(c) the first applicant entering into loan agreements specifying that either
Singapore or Hong Kong law was to apply.

17 The factors specifically pointing to Singapore as the first applicant’s
COMI are:

(a) the first applicant’s creditor meetings being held in Singapore, though I
would note that some were also held in Hong Kong; and

(b) the first applicant being incorporated in Singapore, which under Art 16(3)
of the Model Law leads to a presumption that its COMI is in Singapore.

18 The factors relied upon by the applicants to establish that the COMI of the
first applicant was in the US were not, on examination, sufficient to displace
the presumption in favour of Singapore. The fact that sales were in the US
would not have signalled on its own a US COMI: sales may occur in an entirely
different country from where the creditors and other third party observers
would expect the centre of gravity to be. Similarly, that the primary assets
of the first applicant at present (ie, its IP rights) may be registered in the
US is not a significant determinant: assets may be held in various countries,
and the place of registration would not preclude dealings in those assets in
other countries. I do not think that any creditor would have been influenced
by the location of the registration of such rights. Similarly, the fact that
the second applicant is a US citizen, or may have been largely present in the
US, would not also point definitively to the US as the first applicant’s COMI.
In this regard, there was little evidence that would have been available to
third parties demonstrating that operational decisions of the first applicant
were being made in the US. I could not see that any creditor would regard the
US as the centre of gravity of the first applicant simply because of the
second applicant.

19 On the other hand, the fact that creditor meetings were held in Singapore
or Hong Kong would not seem to help either. These may have been entirely
fortuitous or arranged for the convenience of some of the first applicant’s
creditors. Furthermore, it would appear that funds were raised by the first
applicant from creditors in a number of jurisdictions including Singapore, the
US, Hong Kong, China and the United Kingdom, to name a few. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

1st affidavit of the second applicant at pp 1097–1105.

Seen in this light, the nationality, residence or origin of the creditors
would not be a material factor in determining the first applicant’s COMI.

20 Taking all these factors together, I cannot conclude that the first
applicant’s COMI was in the US as of the date of application for recognition:
while a substantial part of the applicant’s activities are or were US centric,
they were not such as to outweigh the presumption in favour of the place of
registration. These factors were not to my mind the sort of factors that would
weigh heavily in a creditor’s mind; a different conclusion might have been
reached had there been stronger evidence of corporate direction and management
being centred in the US.

21 While it is correct that the time for assessment of a debtor company’s
COMI, as I laid down in Zetta Jet (No 2), is at the point of application, it
does not follow that all possible factors extant at that point would go
towards determining the COMI. The focus is on factors which are objectively
ascertainable by third parties (see Zetta Jet (No 2) at [76]). Thus, the fact
that the second applicant may have been in sole control at this point, would
not be determinative.

22 Overall, the factors in support of the US being the first applicant’s COMI
do not tip the balance sufficiently. In the circumstances, the presumption
under Art 16(3) of the Model Law operates to lead to the answer that Singapore
is the first applicant’s COMI. The consequence of this conclusion is that the
proceedings in the US are not foreign main proceedings for the purposes of the
Model Law. Recognition and assistance can however be granted to the US Chapter
11 Proceedings as foreign non-main proceedings, with the scope of assistance
governed by Art 21 of the Model Law.

Public policy

23 The applicants argue that there was no lack of bona fides on their part in
commencing the US Chapter 11 Proceedings and the present application. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Applicants’ submissions at paras 82–105.

This appears to be raised primarily to deal with the arguments against the
appointment of the second applicant as the foreign representative of the first
applicant, and is considered in detail below (at [47]). In any event, I do not
see anything in this case that would raise a public policy issue of the sort
considered in Re Zetta Jet Pte Ltd and others [2018] 4 SLR 801 .

Non-compliance with the US worldwide moratorium

24 The applicants referred to the non-compliance by TGL of the US moratorium,
which under the Bankruptcy Code 11 USC (US) § 362 (1978), has worldwide
effect, at least from the perspective of the US. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 27.

Any alleged non-compliance is a matter solely for the US courts, and is
immaterial and irrelevant in Singapore under present law. The Singapore courts
do not compel compliance with foreign injunctions; neither do the Singapore
courts expect foreign courts to enforce its injunctions or moratoria. What
assistance can be rendered to the US Chapter 11 Proceedings is another matter.

Assistance under the Model Law

25 From the findings above, assistance would be available on the basis that
the US Chapter 11 Proceedings are recognised as a foreign non-main proceeding.
The scope of such assistance is not necessarily narrower than that for foreign
main proceedings. Under Art 20 of the Model Law, a moratorium automatically
operates upon recognition of a foreign main proceeding. In comparison, under
Art 21 of the Model Law, the court may in respect of a foreign proceeding,
whether main or non-main, grant any appropriate relief where necessary to
protect the property of the debtor company or the interests of its creditors,
including:

(a) staying the commencement or continuation of individual actions or
individual proceedings concerning the debtor’s property, rights, obligations
or liabilities, to the extent they have not been stayed under Article
20(1)(a);

(b) staying execution against the debtor’s property to the extent it has not
been stayed under Article 20(1)(b);

(c) suspending the right to transfer, encumber or otherwise dispose of any
property of the debtor to the extent this right has not been suspended under
Article 20(1)(c);

(d) providing for examination of witnesses, the taking of evidence or the
delivery of information concerning the debtor’s property, affairs, rights,
obligations or liabilities;

(e) entrusting the administration or realisation of all or part of the
debtor’s property located in Singapore to the foreign representative or
another person designated by the Court;

(f) extending relief granted under Article 19(1); and

(g) granting any additional relief that may be available to a Singapore
insolvency officeholder, including any relief provided under section 227D(4)
of this Act [in respect of a Judicial Management order].

26 The primary difference is thus that in respect of foreign non-main
proceedings, stays and other orders are granted at the discretion of the
court. In exercising such discretion, the court will be mindful of a number of
considerations. The general inclination would be to grant such orders to
assist the foreign representative in the performance of her functions to the
same degree and extent as would be granted to a local insolvency
representative. This would serve the objectives of modified universalism as
endorsed in Beluga Chartering GmbH (in liquidation) and others v Beluga
Projects (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and another (deugro (Singapore)
Pte Ltd, non-party) [2014] 2 SLR 815. That inclination would be displaced
where factors point to the need to address any overriding interests within the
jurisdiction, such as possible societal concerns or employee rights, for
instance.

27 Assistance of a particular form may not be granted if in the same
circumstances it may be denied or is not available to a local representative.
This issue was considered by the English High Court in Fibria Celulose S/A v
Pan Ocean Co Ltd and another [2014] Bus LR 1041. The court found that the
phrase “any appropriate relief” in Art 21(1) of the Model Law did not extend
to the granting of relief which would not have been available when dealing
with a domestic insolvency (at [108]). Such a reading is also supported by the
UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border Insolvency with Guide to Enactment and
Interpretation (2013)  (accessed 19 November 2019) (“the 2013 Guide”), where
para 189 states that “the court is not restricted unnecessarily in its ability
to grant any type of relief that is available under the law of the enacting
State …” [emphasis added].

28 Further, as is noted in the Cross-Border Insolvency: Guide to Enactment of
the UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border Insolvency, UNCITRAL, 30th Sess, UN Doc
A/CN.9/442 (1997) at para 158, the interests and authority of a representative
of a foreign non-main proceeding are typically narrower than those of a
representative of a foreign main proceeding; care should be taken to avoid
giving unnecessarily broad powers to the foreign representative of a foreign
non-main proceeding which may interfere with the administration of another
insolvency proceeding, particularly a main proceeding elsewhere. But these are
questions for another day, as the parties here do not contest these points.

29 The following may be ordered in the present case:

(a) a moratorium on the commencement of proceedings against the first
applicant, save for the qualifications to be dealt with below (at [31]–[40]);

(b) an order that no resolution may be passed for the winding up of the first
applicant; and

(c) an order that no execution, distress or other legal process may be
commenced, continued or levied against any property of the first applicant.

30 The primary difficulty relates to the orders sought concerning the barring
of the transfer of shares in the first applicant.

Barring the transfer of shares in the first applicant in OS 544/2019

31 The applicants point to s 259 of the CA as showing that a moratorium can be
granted to prevent the transfer of shares in the first applicant. This is
raised in the context of the applicants’ arguments that OS 544/2019 should be
stayed, with the result that TGL is prevented from enforcing the share charge
over shares in the second applicant held by GIL (see [5] above). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Applicants’ submissions at paras 117–136.

32 The non-parties argue that OS 544/2019 should not be stayed as the express
wording of Art 20 and Art 21 of the Model Law provide that any stay ordered is
to protect the debtor’s property and assets. OS 544/2019 does not concern any
of the first applicant’s assets as the relief sought is the rectification of
the register of the first applicant’s members. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Non-parties’ submissions at paras 62, 65.

The same view was taken by the US court overseeing the US Chapter 11
Proceedings, which decided that none of the pending actions in Singapore
courts in fact constituted direct claims against the first applicant or its
assets. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Non-parties’ submissions at para 67; see also 4th affidavit of Loh Yu Chin
Deborah at p 11 lines 12–16.

33 Section 259 of the CA reads:

Avoidance of dispositions of property, etc.

259. Any disposition of the property of the company, including things in action, and any transfer of shares or alteration in the status of the members of the company made after the commencement of the winding up by the Court shall unless the Court otherwise orders be void.

34 Section 259 of the CA is, in its marginal note, clearly targeted at
avoiding the disposition of the company’s property and is part of Division 2
in Part X of the CA, which is concerned with the consequences of the
presentation of a winding up petition. Where winding up has commenced, any
change of the membership of the company or transfer of its shares would go
against the freezing of the position of the company as at the point of winding
up by the court. The primary objective appears to be to maintain the status
quo: see Ian Fletcher, The Law of Insolvency (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2017)
at para 26-004.

35 As s 259 of the CA is concerned with winding up by the court, and is
intended to preserve the position on liquidation, it does not provide any
indication or guidance as to whether any similar prohibition should be part of
the assistance given to a foreign insolvency representative under the Model
Law. Here, the moratorium sought against the share transfer is clearly
intended to head off any change in control of the first applicant, and hence
the restructuring effort. There is no apparent reason why the Singapore courts
should step in to prevent such an event. It may be that any such share
transfer would be contrary to the stay imposed in the US Chapter 11
Proceedings (though the non-parties argue that it is not), but that in itself
does not require that the Singapore courts similarly bar that transfer. The
point of the assistance in the Model Law is to ensure the orderly and
equitable distribution of assets and to facilitate the process of
restructuring wherever possible. It is not intended to protect or preserve a
party’s position within the company in the case of a dispute between
shareholders, or to prevent a different view being taken subsequently in the
foreign proceedings about the direction of the restructuring, or whether
restructuring efforts should even be maintained. Thus, the assistance in
Singapore cannot be directed to prevent the transfer of shares in the first
applicant.

36 In addition, the fact that the parties have subjected the debts in respect
of which the share charge over the first applicant’s shares was given by GIL
to TGL to dispute resolution, with a determination having been made, would be
a factor pointing against any stay or moratorium by the court, especially
where no assets or property of the first applicant that would otherwise be
available to the general pool of creditors is at stake.

37 In this context therefore, the possibility of the second applicant being
displaced from control over the first applicant is a non sequitur to the
protection of and consolidation of assets that would be at the core of the
assistance rendered under the Model Law.

38 It can be argued that the US Chapter 11 Proceedings would be effectively
negated because of the change of control of the first applicant that would
follow from the displacement of the second applicant. This may indeed be a
possible consequence, but I do not understand the Model Law to require that a
recognising court preserve and protect the foreign proceedings.

39 It follows from the above discussion that a stay is not imposed on the
proceedings in OS 544/2019.

Enforcement of S 252/2019

40 Both the applicants and the non-parties took the position in the hearing
before me that the proceedings in S 252/2019 should be allowed to proceed
against AE and GIL, while enforcement of the summary judgment obtained against
the first applicant in those proceedings should be stayed (see [5] above). It
is therefore unnecessary for me to consider whether S 252/2019 should be
carved out of any moratorium imposed on the commencement or continuation of
legal proceedings against the first applicant.

Recognition of the foreign representative

41 The non-parties argue that the second applicant should not be recognised as
the foreign representative. It is said that the court has a discretion to
designate another person to administer the property, taking into account the
interests of the creditors as required by Art 21(1) and Art 22(1) of the Model
Law. Recognition of a foreign proceeding does not automatically lead to the
recognition of the appointed foreign representative. In support of this
proposition, the non-parties relied on:

(a) paras 192 and 196 of the 2013 Guide; 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Non-parties’ submissions at para 27.

(b) the Report of the Working Group on Insolvency Law on the Work of its
Twentieth Session, UNCITRAL, 30th Sess, UN Doc A/CN.9/433 (1996); 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Non-parties’ submissions at para 29.

and

(c) the Report of the Working Group on Insolvency Law on the Work of its
Twenty-First Session, UNCITRAL, 30th Sess, UN Doc A/CN.9/435 (1997).

42 The non-parties raise a number of arguments to show that the second
applicant should not be recognised as the first applicant’s foreign
representative.

43 First, the second applicant is an undischarged bankrupt, having filed for
voluntary bankruptcy under Chapter 7 of the US Bankruptcy Code 11 USC (US) §
362 (1978) just a day after the present application was made. This sequence of
events leads to the conclusion that they were deliberately timed by the second
applicant such that his personal bankruptcy would not affect his recognition
as the first applicant’s foreign representative. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

TGL’s affidavit at para 81; non-parties’ submissions at paras 35–36.

44 Second, the second applicant has acted in a manner prejudicial to the first
applicant’s creditors by giving priority to its shareholders. He caused the
first applicant to file a frivolous arbitration claim disputing its debts to
TGL as a delaying tactic to protect his shareholding. The arbitration was so
unmeritorious that it caused the first applicant to incur legal fees of about
$360,000, in addition to being ordered to pay indemnity costs of about
$400,000 to TGL. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Non-parties’ submissions at paras 38–42.

The second applicant might also have engaged in fraudulent transfers of the
first applicant’s assets in order to stifle recovery by its creditors. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

TGL’s affidavit at para 70.

45 Third, the second applicant has not been truthful in disclosing the
financial position of the first applicant. In the arbitration proceedings
commenced against TGL, he falsely represented that the first applicant was in
a stable financial position in order to avoid having to give security for
costs. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Non-parties’ submissions at para 47.

The second applicant also understated the debts owed by the first applicant to
TGL in the US Chapter 11 Proceedings. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Non-parties’ submissions at para 53.

46 Fourth, the second applicant has disregarded Singapore court orders. After
summary judgment was obtained against him in Suit No 450 of 2018, a related
proceeding to enforce a personal guarantee, contempt of court proceedings were
commenced against the second applicant for breaches of examination of judgment
debtor orders which he chose not to dispute on the issue of liability. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Non-parties’ submissions at paras 44–46.

47 The applicants argue that there was no lack of bona fides on their part.
The purpose of commencing the US Chapter 11 Proceedings was to ensure that the
first applicant’s creditors would reap the greatest possible recovery. In this
regard, the proposed sale of its assets is being supervised by the US courts.
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Applicants’ submissions at paras 100–101.

The non-parties’ allegations of dissipation of the first applicant’s assets
are unsubstantiated. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 102.

The US court overseeing the US Chapter 11 Proceedings had already heard and
dismissed TGL’s objections to their continuation. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Applicants’ submissions at para 103.

48 Having considered the authorities relied upon by the non-parties, I do not
think that it is open to me to appoint a different person as the foreign
representative of the first applicant.

49 The definition of the term “foreign representative” is set out in Art 2(i)
of the Model Law:

“foreign representative” means a person or body, including one appointed on an
interim basis, authorised in a foreign proceeding to administer the
reorganisation or the liquidation of the debtor’s property or affairs or to
act as a representative of the foreign proceeding; [emphasis added]

It would appear from a plain reading of the provision that the appointment of
a particular person as the foreign representative is a matter which falls to
be determined by the foreign proceeding itself.

50 On the other hand, Art 21(1)(e), which the non-parties argue entitles the
Singapore court to appoint a different person to act as the foreign
representative of the US Chapter 11 Proceedings, states:

1\. Upon recognition of a foreign proceeding, whether a foreign main
proceeding or a foreign non-main proceeding, where necessary to protect the
property of the debtor or the interests of the creditors, the Court may, at
the request of the foreign representative, grant any appropriate relief,
including —

…

(e) entrusting the administration or realisation of all or party of the
debtor’s property located in Singapore to the foreign representative or
another person designated by the Court;

…

[emphasis added]

Two observations can be made about the wording of the provision. First, the
application for relief is to be made by the foreign representative. Second,
the provision entitles the court to entrust the administration or realisation
of the debtor’s property to a person other than the foreign representative.
Nothing in the provision suggests that the court may, of its own accord,
decide to appoint a different person as the foreign representative of a
foreign proceeding. In contrast, I find that the wording of Art 21(1)(e) of
the Model Law actually suggests that the foreign representative cannot be
displaced, even if the court is of the view that the interests of local
creditors might be better served by having some other person administer or
realise the locally-based assets.

51 That being said, I should state that I have some concerns that the second
applicant, in acting as the first applicant’s foreign representative, may not
discharge his duties even-handedly.

52 Here, the dispute between the parties appears to have gone beyond the
background level of litigation that is often a part of modern business life.
The actions taken by the second applicant on behalf of the first applicant
have brought him into direct conflict with its creditors. The second
applicant’s actions in causing the first applicant to bring an arbitration
disputing the debts owed to TGL caused the latter to incur significant costs
(see [44] above). It appears that there was little evidence in support of the
first applicant’s claims in the arbitration, with the final award noting that
the claim was “largely without merit”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

1st affidavit of the second applicant at p 967.

53 There is also the fact that the second applicant has been adjudged bankrupt
in the US, which would bar him from acting as a director of the first
applicant here. Such disqualification is provided for by s 148 of the CA,
which states:

Restrictions on undischarged bankrupt

148.—(1) Every person who, being an undischarged bankrupt (whether he was
adjudged bankrupt by a Singapore Court or a foreign court having jurisdiction
in bankruptcy), acts as director of, or directly or indirectly takes part in
or is concerned in the management of any corporation, except with the leave of
the Court or the written permission of the Official Assignee, shall be guilty
of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding
$10,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years or to both.

The prohibition against bankrupts acting as insolvency officers here is
founded on local policy considerations. A person who is an undischarged
bankrupt is prima facie not fit to take part in the management of a company,
especially one with limited liability: see Walter Woon on Company Law (Tan
Cheng Han gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 3rd Ed, 2009) at para 7.39. There is
no evidence before the court that the second applicant had made such an
application to the court or the Official Assignee under s 148(2) of the CA to
allow him to continue acting as a director of the first applicant despite his
disqualification.

54 Finally, there is the issue of the second applicant’s wilful disobedience
of Singapore court orders. Following the hearing of the present application,
the second applicant was, on 11 November 2019, found guilty on three charges
of contempt by disobedience and sentenced to a fine of $20,000 by Pang Khang
Chau J.

55 To my mind, these factors taken together demonstrate that the second
applicant is ill-suited to adequately protect the interests of the first
applicant’s creditors.

56 In the circumstances, given the limitations of the Model Law, the second
applicant will continue to act as the foreign representative recognised by the
US Chapter 11 Proceedings. Though I am minded to appoint a different person to
oversee any assets of the first applicant located in Singapore, there is no
evidence that any such assets exist. For the avoidance of doubt, however, I
would require a specific application for leave from the applicants before any
steps are taken to oversee any such assets. I also note that court to court
communications with the court overseeing the US Chapter 11 Proceedings to
explore how the interests of overseas and local creditors can be protected may
be explored, if needed.

Common law recognition

57 The applicants alternatively invoke common law recognition as a basis on
which OS 544/2019 can be stayed.

58 I do not consider that common law recognition is available in the present
case. In general, where the Model Law is applicable to the subject matter, the
court would be slow to allow common law recognition to be invoked as an
alternative. The existence of a detailed recognition regime created by
legislation displaces the need for common law doctrine to apply. Thus, in
most, if not all, foreign corporate insolvency proceedings, recognition should
be made under the Model Law. The invocation of the common law should only be
for situations where recognition is not catered for by the Model Law, which
would appear to be highly unlikely given its structure. I would thus see the
scope for common law recognition to be limited to foreign personal bankruptcy
proceedings, and little else besides.

Conclusion

59 Recognition is granted to the US Chapter 11 Proceedings as foreign non-main
proceedings, with assistance granted as follows:

(a) a moratorium on the commencement of proceedings against the first
applicant;

(b) an order that no resolution may be passed for the winding up of the first
applicant; and

(c) an order that no execution, distress or other legal process may be
commenced, continued or levied against any property of the first applicant.

For the avoidance of doubt, the moratorium in (a) does not apply to TGL’s
application in OS 544/2019 against GIL to enforce its share charge over the
first applicant’s shares. The stay of proceedings similarly does not apply to
proceedings brought by TGL in S 252/2019 to enforce guarantees given to it by
AE and GIL for the first applicant’s debts.

60 Cost directions will be given separately, and time for any appeal or other
application is extended in the meantime.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Tay Kang-Rui Darius, Lee Lieyong Sean and Loh Yu Chin, Deborah (Blackoak LLC)
for the applicants;  
Mohamed Nawaz Kamil and Lau Hui Ming Kenny (Providence Law Asia LLC) for the
non-parties.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

