Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 104

HC/Suit No 336 of 2018  
(HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 45 of 2019)

Between

Lim Zhipeng

… Plaintiff

And

Seow Suat Thin

… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Summary judgment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Zhipeng

  

v

  

Seow Suat Thin

[2019] SGHC 104

High Court — HC/Suit No 336 of 2018 (HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 45 of 2019)  
Choo Han Teck J  
17, 24 April 2019

24 April 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 One Derek Cheong Wee Ker (“Mr Cheong”), the son of Madam Seow Suat Thin, the
defendant, owed Lim Zhipeng, the plaintiff, $595,000. He was unable to pay the
debt in full and had a balance of $490,000 unpaid when he was adjudicated a
bankrupt on 13 July 2017. On 28 September 2017 the defendant signed what was
purported to be an agreement by deed (“the Agreement”).

2 In the Agreement, made between the defendant and the plaintiff, the
defendant gave a guarantee to the plaintiff that in the event Mr Cheong is
unable pay the outstanding sum of $490,000, the defendant will pay the
outstanding debt. On or about 21 November 2017, the defendant paid $40,000 to
the plaintiff and the plaintiff also received a total of $11,500 from Mr
Cheong on several occasions. This brought the total outstanding debt down to
$438,500.

3 The plaintiff sued the defendant on the Agreement and obtained summary
judgment against her for the sum of $438,500, and this is an appeal by the
defendant against the summary judgment. Mr K Rajendran appeared on behalf of
the defendant (appellant) and Mr Adrian Tan appeared on behalf of the
plaintiff (respondent).

4 Mr Rajendran’s main point was that the Agreement between the plaintiff and
the defendant was void for contravening s 76(1)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap
20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“BA”) which provides as follows:

76 – (1) On the making of a bankruptcy order —

(a) the property of the bankrupt shall —

(i) vest in the Official Assignee without any further conveyance, assignment
or transfer; and

(ii) become divisible among his creditors;

(b) the Official Assignee shall be constituted receiver of the bankrupt’s
property; and

(c) unless otherwise provided by this Act —

(i) no creditor to whom the bankrupt is indebted in respect of any debt
provable in bankruptcy shall have any remedy against the person or property of
the bankrupt in respect of that debt; and

(ii) no action or proceedings shall be proceeded with or commenced against the
bankrupt in respect of that debt,

except by leave of the court and in accordance with such terms as the court
may impose.

Mr Rajendran submitted that once a person (like Mr Cheong) has been made a
bankrupt no creditor (like the plaintiff) “shall have any remedy against the
person or property of the bankrupt”. He submitted that after Mr Cheong’s
bankruptcy, he is incapable of entering into any agreement that makes him
indebted to anyone.

5 Although Mr Cheong is not a party or signatory to the Agreement, the recital
of the Agreement made it clear that Mr Cheong has an outstanding debt of
$490,000 owing to the plaintiff, and that he and the defendant proposed to pay
the debt in three instalments, and that the defendant guarantees this
repayment.

6 Had this been an agreement by a deed under seal, it may possibly be
construed as a binding undertaking by the defendant to pay $490,000 to the
plaintiff. Although the Agreement was described as a deed, the copy filed as
an exhibit does not have a seal. Without the formality of sealing the deed,
the document is only evidence of an agreement in writing; and if it is to be
enforced as a contract, there must be proof of consideration (see Kuek Siew
Cheng v Kuek Siang Wei and another [2015] 1 SLR 396 at [30]–[31] and Hishiya
Seiko Co Ltd v Wah Nam Plastic Industry Pte Ltd and another [1993] SGHC 7).
There is no express provision as to consideration, and thus, the question as
to whether the court can infer a forbearance to sue as consideration for the
Agreement is a matter for trial.

7 Furthermore, even though Mr Cheong was not a party to the Agreement, the
Agreement was entered after Mr Cheong had become a bankrupt. Insofar as the
Agreement recites that Mr Cheong and the defendant “proposed to pay the Debt”
to the plaintiff, the reference to Mr Cheong may not be proper because once Mr
Cheong is declared bankrupt, his property vests in the Official Assignee and
further, any disposition of his property between the bankruptcy application
period and the order is void (see ss 76(1)(a) and 77(1) BA). The effect of the
reference to Mr Cheong calls into further question the validity and extent of
the Agreement, or the ‘deed’, if indeed it was a deed.

8 Mr Rajendran’s arguments regarding s 76(1)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act is
convoluted, and the Assistant Registrar below may not be wrong to be
unpersuaded by Mr Rajendran’s interpretation that the ‘deed’ affects the
rights and property of Mr Cheong, but the intention of the plaintiff and
defendant are relevant in ascertaining the nature of this document that is not
a deed but titled the “Deed of Guarantee” and that has to be explored at
trial. For this reason, the plaintiff is not entitled to a summary judgment.

9 I am of the view that there are issues as to the legitimacy and validity of
the document that the plaintiff is relying on for his judgment. I will
therefore allow the appeal and set aside the order for summary judgment. Costs
will be reserved to the trial judge.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Adrian Tan Wen Cheng and Delson Tan (August Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff/respondent;  
Kanthosamy Rajendran (Relianze Law Corporation) for the defendant/appellant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

