Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 51

Originating Summons No 514 of 2018

Summonses Nos 2032 and 3118 of 2018

Between

Lee Pheng Lip Ian  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Chen Fun Gee  
---|---  
(2)| Venkataraman Anantharaman  
(3)| Yeow Kok Leng Vincent  
(4)| Tan Jin Hwee  
(5)| Singapore Medical Council  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Administrative Law] — [Judicial review]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lee Pheng Lip Ian

  
v

  

Chen Fun Gee and others and other matters

[2019] SGHC 51

High Court — Originating Summons No 514 of 2018 and Summonses Nos 2032 and
3118 of 2018  
Woo Bih Li J  
25 September 2018, 10, 11 January 2019

4 March 2019 Judgment reserved.

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 On 14 February 2014, the Singapore Medical Council (“SMC”) made a complaint
against the plaintiff, a registered medical practitioner, to the chairman of
the Complaints Panel (“CP”) pursuant to s 39(3)(a) of the Medical Registration
Act (Cap 174, 2004 Rev Ed). The complaint was subsequently laid before a
Complaints Committee (“CC”). On 30 April 2015, the SMC sent a further letter
to the chairman of the CP with additional information about the plaintiff.
This additional information was subsequently laid before the CC as well. For
the purposes of this judgment, I will refer to the complaint made by the SMC
on 14 February 2014 and the additional information provided by the SMC on 30
April 2015 collectively as “the Complaint”. Over the course of conducting its
inquiry into the Complaint, the CC applied in writing to the chairman of the
CP for 13 extensions of time (“EOTs”) to complete its inquiry, and the
chairman granted these EOTs to the CC. The CC completed its inquiry on 12
February 2018 and determined that a formal inquiry was necessary. The CC thus
ordered that an inquiry into the Complaint be held by a Disciplinary Tribunal
(“DT”).

2 On 2 May 2018, the plaintiff filed Originating Summons No 514 of 2018 (“OS
514/2018”) against the defendants. The defendants are the chairman of the CP
(the first defendant), the members of the CC (the second to fourth
defendants), and the SMC (the fifth defendant).

3 The Medical Registration Act in force as at 14 February 2014 was an amended
version of the 2004 Revised Edition. The disciplinary proceedings under the
Medical Registration Act involving the plaintiff nevertheless run to the
present day, and the Medical Registration Act currently in force as at the
date of this judgment is an amended version of the 2014 Revised Edition. In
spite of this, the relevant provisions of the Medical Registration Act cited
for the purposes of this judgment remain the same notwithstanding the
different versions of this piece of legislation. In this judgment, references
to statutory provisions will thus be to provisions of the Medical Registration
Act (Cap 174, 2014 Rev Ed) (“MRA”) in force as at the date of this judgment
unless otherwise stated.

4 OS 514/2018 is the plaintiff’s application for, inter alia, leave to apply
for:

(a) a quashing order to quash all applications by the CC to the chairman of
the CP pursuant to s 42(2) for EOTs for the CC to complete its inquiry into
the Complaint;

(b) a quashing order to quash all grants of such EOTs by the chairman of the
CP to the CC pursuant to s 42(2);

(c) a quashing order to quash the CC’s order that an inquiry into the
Complaint be held by a DT; and

(d) a prohibiting order to prohibit the SMC from referring the Complaint to
the chairman of the CP.

5 Summons No 2032 of 2018 (“SUM 2032/2018”) is the plaintiff’s application for
discovery of documents, which the defendants opposed. Summons No 3118 of 2018
(“SUM 3118/2018”) is the first and second defendants’ application for the
interrogatories without order served on them by the plaintiff to be withdrawn.

6 I heard submissions from the plaintiff and the defendants on all three
applications and reserved judgment.

Background

7 I set out the background facts in chronological order as far as possible. I
point out first that the background facts involve three main chains of
correspondence: (i) the correspondence between the Ministry of Health (“MOH”)
and the plaintiff (which includes letters the plaintiff sent to the Minister
for Health), (ii) the correspondence between MOH and the SMC, and (iii) the
correspondence between the plaintiff and the SMC prior to the SMC making a
complaint against the plaintiff to the chairman of the CP, and thereafter the
correspondence between the plaintiff and the SMC Investigation Unit which
acted under the CC’s directions.

8 The plaintiff was practising as a medical practitioner at Integrated
Medicine Clinic (“the clinic”). The clinic was licensed to him under the
Private Hospitals and Medical Clinics Act (Cap 248, 1999 Rev Ed) (“PHMCA”).

9 On 3 April 2013, MOH sent a letter to the plaintiff which, inter alia, noted
that the clinic offered some non-mainstream services in addition to mainstream
medical services, and alleged that there were contraventions of certain
subsidiary legislation under the PHMCA. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1Statement Annex 2 pp 73–75.

The plaintiff sent a letter in reply to MOH’s letter. Thereafter, there was
further correspondence between MOH and the plaintiff.

10 On 31 July 2013, MOH sent a letter to the SMC to inform it that the
plaintiff was offering some non-mainstream services in addition to mainstream
medical services, and that MOH was concerned over the appropriateness of the
medical management of some of the clinic’s patients. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1Statement Annex 3 p 210.

11 Following from the plaintiff’s correspondence with MOH, it appears that the
plaintiff was, inter alia, dissatisfied with how MOH maintained its position
that he/the clinic was offering non-mainstream services which he/the clinic
should not provide. On 11 September 2013, the plaintiff sent a letter to the
Minister for Health primarily to contend against the allegation that he was
offering non-mainstream services. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

See 1Statement at paras 53, 55; 1Statement Annex 6 pp 235–241.

12 In the meantime, on 24 September 2013, the SMC sent a letter to MOH to seek
clarification from MOH concerning its letter dated 31 July 2013 and to request
certain documents. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1Statement Annex 7 p 244.

13 On 27 September 2013, MOH sent a letter to the plaintiff in reply to his
letter dated 11 September 2013, and stated at para 2: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1Statement Annex 6 p 242.

2 We have … noted your feedback on the practise of integrated medicine. We
understand SMC is reviewing this matter and you may like to wait for the
outcome of the SMC’s deliberations.

14 On 30 September 2013, MOH sent a letter to the SMC in reply to the SMC’s
letter dated 24 September 2013 and enclosed some documents. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

See 1Statement Annex 7 p 245.

15 Thereafter from October 2013 to December 2013, there was further
correspondence between the plaintiff and MOH. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See 1Statement at paras 60, 62.

Separately, the plaintiff also wrote letters to the SMC in October 2013 and
December 2013, enclosing patient testimonials, to which the SMC acknowledged
receipt in January 2014. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

See 1Statement at paras 60, 62.

16 On 14 February 2014, the SMC sent a letter to the chairman of the CP to
make a complaint against the plaintiff pursuant to s 39(3)(a). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1Statement Annex 10 p 499.

In the letter, the SMC referred to and enclosed (i) MOH’s letter to the SMC
dated 31 July 2013, (ii) the SMC’s letter to MOH dated 24 September 2013,
(iii) MOH’s reply to the SMC dated 30 September 2013, and (iv) the plaintiff’s
letters to the SMC in October 2013 and December 2013 enclosing patient
testimonials. The SMC stated that it had considered all this information and
decided to refer the plaintiff to the chairman of the CP pursuant to s
39(3)(a).

17 According to the defendants, on 8 May 2014, the CC was appointed and this
complaint from the SMC was laid before the CC for its inquiry into the
complaint. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

See Chen Fun Gee’s (the first defendant’s) affidavit dated 14 June 2018 at
para 29.

The CC thereafter directed the SMC Investigation Unit to carry out an
investigation into the complaint. On 1 September 2014, the SMC Investigation
Unit sent a letter giving the plaintiff notice of the complaint, pursuant to
ss 44(1) and 44(2), and inviting the plaintiff to give any written explanation
he may wish to offer. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See 2Statement Annex 15 pp 879–880.

On 20 October 2014, the plaintiff sent a letter to the SMC Investigation Unit
providing an explanation. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See 2Statement Annex 18 pp 1248–1260.

18 Separately, there was further correspondence between the plaintiff and MOH
in 2014 and 2015.

19 On 11 March 2015, MOH sent a letter to the plaintiff stating that in
accordance with the PHMCA, MOH would not renew the plaintiff’s clinic licence
upon the expiry of his current clinic licence on 16 March 2015. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

3Statement Annex 22 pp 1460–1461.

MOH stated that this decision was based on the inspection findings from
February 2013 to March 2015 that the clinic had repeatedly not complied with
the licensing requirements under the PHMCA and its subsidiary legislation in
prescribing certain treatments.

20 On 16 March 2015, the plaintiff’s clinic licence expired. On 27 March 2015,
the plaintiff sent a letter to the Minister for Health to appeal against MOH’s
decision not to renew his clinic licence. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

3Statement Annex 23 pp 1463–1468.

21 On 10 April 2015, MOH sent a letter to the SMC to refer the plaintiff for
further investigations for inappropriate prescriptions of certain treatments,
which MOH termed non-evidence-based. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

3Statement Annex 24 pp 1522–1523.

These were the same treatments for which MOH had decided not to renew the
plaintiff’s clinic licence, as stated in MOH’s letter to the plaintiff dated
11 March 2015 (see [19] above).

22 On 30 April 2015, the SMC sent a letter to the chairman of the CP referring
to the SMC’s letter of complaint dated 14 February 2014 against the plaintiff
(see [16] above). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

3Statement Annex 25 p 1525.

The SMC then stated that MOH had sent a further letter dated 10 April 2015,
which the SMC enclosed with its letter. The SMC stated that it had considered
this “additional information” submitted by MOH on the plaintiff and would be
grateful if the chairman of the CP could place MOH’s letter dated 10 April
2015 together with the SMC’s letter of complaint dated 14 February 2014 before
the CC.

23 In the meantime, on 18 May 2015, the plaintiff sent a letter to the
Minister for Health requesting a reply to his earlier letter dated 27 March
2015 (see [20] above). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

3Statement Annex 26 p 1529.

On 29 May 2015, MOH sent a letter to the plaintiff informing him that MOH had
requested the SMC to form an advisory committee to consider his appeal, and
that he would be notified of the outcome in writing. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

3Statement Annex 26 p 1530.

24 According to the defendants, the additional information provided by the SMC
in its letter dated 30 April 2015 (see [22] above) was subsequently laid
before the CC in June 2015. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Venkataraman Anantharaman’s affidavit dated 14 June 2018 (“the second
defendant’s affidavit”) at para 15.

25 Thereafter in February 2016 and March 2016, there was correspondence
between the SMC Investigation Unit and the plaintiff following from the SMC
Investigation Unit’s letter dated 1 September 2014 and the plaintiff’s letter
dated 20 October 2014 (see [17] above). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

See 1Statement at paras 133–136; 3Statement Annex 27 p 1532.

To recapitulate, this was in relation to the complaint made by the SMC on 14
February 2014.

26 Subsequently, on 22 June 2016, the SMC Investigation Unit sent a letter
giving the plaintiff notice of the additional information provided by the SMC
in its letter dated 30 April 2015 (see [22] above). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

See 3Statement Annex 28 pp 1567–1568.

This was again pursuant to ss 44(1) and 44(2), and the SMC Investigation Unit
invited the plaintiff to give any further written explanation he may wish to
offer in response to the additional information.

27 In this letter, the SMC Investigation Unit also referred to the additional
information as “the Second Complaint”. As mentioned at [1] above, for the
purposes of this judgment, I will refer to the complaint made by the SMC on 14
February 2014 and the additional information/the Second Complaint collectively
as “the Complaint”. The arguments of the parties do not turn on this point.

28 On 15 September 2016, the plaintiff sent a letter to the SMC Investigation
Unit providing his further written explanation. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

See 3Statement Annex 30 pp 1582–1586.

29 Returning to the plaintiff’s appeal against MOH’s decision not to renew his
clinic licence, MOH subsequently sent a letter dated 24 April 2017 to the
plaintiff informing him that the Minister had decided to allow the plaintiff’s
appeal and had directed that his clinic licence be renewed for six months
subject to the condition that he strictly comply with MOH’s guidelines on the
provision of non-evidence-based medicine. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

3Statement Annex 32 p 1641.

MOH also stated that it would write to the SMC to clarify its letter dated 10
April 2015 (see [21] above). MOH also provided instructions on how the
plaintiff could apply to renew his clinic licence.

30 The plaintiff however did not restart the clinic.

31 From May 2017 to August 2017, there was further correspondence between the
SMC Investigation Unit and the plaintiff. During this period, on 14 July 2017,
MOH wrote a letter to the SMC to clarify its letter dated 10 April 2015 (see
[29] above). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

See 3Statement Annex 34 pp 1661–1662.

32 According to the defendants, on 12 December 2017, the CC decided to order
that an inquiry into the Complaint be held by a DT. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

See the second defendant’s affidavit at para 135.

33 On 12 February 2018, the CC sent a letter to the plaintiff informing him
that the CC had completed its inquiry into the Complaint and had ordered that
an inquiry into the Complaint be held by a DT. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

3Statement Annex 37 p 1916.

34 Over the course of conducting its inquiry since 8 May 2014 (see [17]
above), the CC had applied in writing to the chairman of the CP for 13 EOTs to
complete its inquiry. The CC had made these applications pursuant to s 42(2).
It had made eight of these 13 applications for EOTs after its extended
deadline to complete its inquiry. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

While the parties informed the court that the CC had made seven of these 13
applications for EOTs after its extended deadline to complete its inquiry (see
eg, Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 229), the CC in fact made eight
applications after its extended deadline (the eighth pertained to the 13th
application for an EOT).

The chairman of the CP had granted all 13 EOTs to the CC. The chairman had
granted these EOTs pursuant to s 42(2). A table of the dates of the 13
applications for EOTs and other information is attached in the Annex to this
judgment.

SUM 2032/2018 and SUM 3118/2018

35 It is not necessary for me to address an issue raised by the first to
fourth defendants as to whether they are proper parties to OS 514/2018.

36 In relation to SUM 2032/2018 and SUM 3118/2018, it was the plaintiff’s
position at the hearing that he required discovery of documents and answers to
interrogatories for his leave application in OS 514/2018. The plaintiff was
seeking discovery and answers to interrogatories to provide the court with
more evidence to substantiate his claims in OS 514/2018 that, inter alia, s
42(2) had not been complied with by both the CC and the chairman of the CP.

37 The defendants had filed reply affidavits in OS 514/2018 to explain the
actions they had taken in relation to the CC’s proceedings concerning the
plaintiff. However, the reply affidavits were short of documents to support
their responses. It may be that the defendants had not produced before the
court the best available evidence to substantiate their responses concerning
the actions that they had taken.

38 Given this state of affairs, I will proceed to consider the plaintiff’s
application in OS 514/2018 on the basis that s 42(2) might not have been
complied with. This was after all what the plaintiff sought to prove by
seeking discovery and answers to interrogatories, and was the basis for OS
514/2018.

OS 514/2018

39 Sections 42(1) and 42(2) state:

Commencement of inquiry by Complaints Committee

42.—(1) A Complaints Committee shall, within 2 weeks after its appointment,
commence its inquiry into any complaint or information, or any information or
evidence referred to in section 44(5), and complete its inquiry not later than
3 months after the date the complaint or information is laid before the
Complaints Committee.

(2) Where a Complaints Committee is of the opinion that it will not be able to
complete its inquiry within the period specified in subsection (1) due to the
complexity of the matter or serious difficulties encountered by the Complaints
Committee in conducting its inquiry, the Complaints Committee may apply in
writing to the chairman of the Complaints Panel for an extension of time to
complete its inquiry and the chairman may grant such extension of time to the
Complaints Committee as he thinks fit.

…

[emphasis added]

Parties’ arguments

40 The parties raised many arguments in support of their respective positions.

41 On the one hand, the plaintiff submitted that he had satisfied the
requirements for leave to be granted for him to apply for the various quashing
orders and prohibiting order. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at para 84.

42 The plaintiff argued that s 42(2) is a mandatory provision in two main
aspects: (i) the time when a CC is to apply for an EOT, and (ii) the reasons
why the EOT is applied for and subsequently granted. The plaintiff
consequently argued that the CC’s inquiry into the Complaint was ultra vires,
because some of its applications for EOTs did not satisfy the precedent facts
stipulated in s 42(2). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at paras 86–87, 108.

The plaintiff also argued that the chairman of the CP acted unlawfully and/or
irrationally in repeatedly granting EOTs to the CC. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at para 88.

43 The plaintiff further submitted that he had suffered substantial prejudice
(i) as a result of non-compliance with s 42(2), 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at para 91.

and (ii) as a result of the inordinate delay in the prosecution of
disciplinary proceedings against him for matters arising from over nine years
ago in September 2009. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at para 134.

In relation to (ii), the plaintiff argued that at common law, such inordinate
delay amounted to an abuse of process or breach of natural justice. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at paras 92, 133.

44 The plaintiff submitted that it was thus irrational for the CC to order
that an inquiry into the Complaint be held by a DT. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at para 93.

45 On the other hand, the defendants argued that a CC’s application to the
chairman of the CP for an EOT to complete its inquiry into a complaint is not
amenable to judicial review and cannot be quashed. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 196, 209.

They contended that the CC’s application for an EOT is an expression of
opinion that has no discernible legal effect upon the exercise of discretion
by the chairman of the CP to grant an EOT. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 199, 208.

46 The defendants also submitted that s 42(2) is a directory provision.

47 The defendants further argued that it was premature for the plaintiff to
apply for leave to apply for a quashing of the CC’s order that an inquiry into
the Complaint be held by a DT, given that the CC’s order was not an ultimate
decision or action with substantive legal consequences. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 211–212.

The defendants also submitted that any alleged delay by the CC in completing
its inquiry into the Complaint did not result in the making of a prohibiting
order (see [4(d)] above) which effectively circumscribes the SMC’s ability to
prosecute a complaint. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 264.

48 The defendants also argued in their written submissions that pursuant to s
68, in order to obtain leave to apply for the various quashing orders and
prohibiting order, the plaintiff must also prove to the court that the acts of
the CC, of the chairman of the CP and of the SMC were done in bad faith or
with malice. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 182.

Whether s 42(2) is directory or mandatory

49 From the parties’ submissions, the main issue in these proceedings was
whether s 42(2) is a directory provision or a mandatory provision. I thus
address this issue first.

50 In determining whether a provision is directory or mandatory, the court is
required to determine Parliament’s intention to ascertain whether non-
compliance would invalidate the thing done under the provision (see Lim Mey
Lee Susan v Singapore Medical Council [2012] 1 SLR 701 (“Lim Mey Lee Susan”)
at [39]; Chai Choon Yong v Central Provident Fund Board and others [2005] 2
SLR(R) 594 at [43]–[45]).

51 As mentioned, the plaintiff argued that s 42(2) is a mandatory provision in
two main aspects: (i) the time when a CC is to apply for an EOT, and (ii) the
reasons why the EOT is applied for and subsequently granted. This would mean
that a non-compliance with s 42(2) invalidates a CC’s application for an EOT
or the grant of an EOT by the chairman of the CP to a CC. On the other hand,
the defendants argued that s 42(2) is a directory provision. This would mean
that even if there was non-compliance with s 42(2), that would not invalidate
a CC’s application for an EOT or the grant of an EOT by the chairman of the CP
to a CC.

52 I briefly mention the plaintiff’s general arguments as to why s 42(2) is a
mandatory provision. The plaintiff argued that in introducing the predecessor
provisions of ss 42(1) and 42(2), the Minister for Health Mr Yeo Cheow Tong
expressly stated that “[t]o ensure that complaints are dealt with
expeditiously, each [CC] will be given three months to complete its
preliminary investigations” (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report
(25 August 1997) vol 67 at col 1566). The plaintiff thus submitted that
Parliament was clear in its intention for s 42(1) to be complied with strictly
in that a CC is to complete its inquiry not later than three months, and any
EOT granted by the chairman of the CP pursuant to s 42(2) must be limited. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at para 100.

53 The plaintiff also argued that Parliament did intend that certain defects
in a CC’s procedure would not invalidate an act of the CC and expressly
provided for them, but Parliament did not provide as such for non-compliance
with s 42(2). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at paras 103–104.

For instance, s 40(4) states: “No act done by or under the authority of a
Complaints Committee shall be invalid in consequence of any defect that is
subsequently discovered in the appointment or qualification of the members or
any of them.”

Time when a CC is to apply for an EOT

54 I address first the issue pertaining to the time when a CC is to apply for
an EOT. The plaintiff argued that under s 42(2), a CC must apply to the
chairman of the CP for an EOT before its deadline to complete its inquiry, ie,
before its initial deadline of three months (s 42(1)) or before any extended
deadline. In this case, the CC in fact applied for EOTs after some of the
extended deadlines to complete its inquiry (see [34] above). Consequently, the
plaintiff argued that such non-compliance with s 42(2) necessarily invalidated
the CC’s applications for EOTs.

55 The terms of s 42(2) do not expressly stipulate when a CC is to apply for
an EOT. The terms of s 42(2) may seem to suggest that a CC is to apply for an
EOT before its initial or extended deadline to complete its inquiry as the
terms refer to a CC being of the opinion that it will not be able to complete
its inquiry within the specified period. However, in considering the
predecessor provision of s 42(2) which is materially similar to s 42(2), the
High Court in Chai Chwan v Singapore Medical Council [2009] SGHC 115 (“Chai
Chwan”) was of the view that the wording of the predecessor provision allowed
the CC to apply for an EOT “at any time before or even after the three-month
expiry date” (see [44]).

56 In any case, even if s 42(2) requires a CC to apply for an EOT before its
initial or extended deadline to complete its inquiry, I am of the view that
Parliament did not intend for any such omission to invalidate the CC’s
application for an EOT. In the absence of clear words to suggest invalidation
for non-compliance, it could not have been Parliament’s intention that even an
accidental oversight to apply for an EOT before a deadline would result in the
disproportionate consequence that the CC can no longer continue its inquiry.
Likewise, Parliament could not have intended that an application made a few
days late would have such a disproportionate consequence. What purpose would
it serve to interpret s 42(2) to mean that an application for an EOT after a
CC’s deadline is invalid? If an application for an EOT were invalidated for
such a reason, this would merely mean that the same complaint would be laid
before a new CC, with the risk that this cycle might be repeated if the new CC
also does not apply for an EOT before its deadline. This would unnecessarily
complicate and lengthen the process of inquiry into that complaint.
Furthermore, if, for the sake of argument, the complaint cannot be laid afresh
before a new CC because of double jeopardy or a similar argument, that would
mean that the registered medical practitioner who was the subject of inquiry
would escape liability on a technicality.

57 It is important to note that the MRA does not stipulate a long-stop date by
which a CC has to complete its inquiry. Parliament was cognisant of this fact
given that in the parliamentary debates on 11 January 2010 for the Second
Reading of the Medical Registration (Amendment) Bill (Bill 22 of 2009), the
Minister for Health Mr Khaw Boon Wan acknowledged suggestions for such a long-
stop date (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (11 January 2010)
vol 86 at cols 1954–1955). However, the Minister stated that the SMC would
“make every effort to conclude the investigations of every complaint within a
reasonable time”. Parliament did not thereafter legislate a long-stop date by
which a CC has to complete its inquiry.

58 This is unlike the regime under the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev
Ed) (“LPA”) for disciplinary proceedings in relation to regulated legal
practitioners. Under s 86(3) of the LPA, there is a long-stop date for an
Inquiry Committee (the body serving a similar function as a CC) to report its
findings, where any EOT granted to the Inquiry Committee “shall not extend
beyond the period of 6 months from the date of the appointment of that Inquiry
Committee”.

59 Therefore, although I accept that the intent behind s 42(1) and s 42(2) was
for inquiries to be completed expeditiously, this does not mean that the CC’s
failure to seek an EOT before its deadline leads to the disproportionate
consequence advocated by the plaintiff, ie, that the CC can no longer continue
its inquiry.

Reasons why an EOT is applied for and subsequently granted

60 I address next the issue pertaining to the reasons why an EOT is applied
for by a CC and subsequently granted by the chairman of the CP to the CC.

61 The plaintiff argued that under s 42(2), a CC can only apply for an EOT if,
first, the CC is of the opinion that it will not be able to complete its
inquiry before its deadline due to the complexity of the matter or serious
difficulties encountered in conducting its inquiry. Second, there must in fact
be such complexity or serious difficulties. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at paras 108(b)–108(c).

I will consider these two preconditions together as the adequacy of a CC’s
reasons for applying for an EOT. In this case, the CC applied for 13 EOTs. The
plaintiff argued that when making all 13 applications for EOTs, the CC did not
hold the requisite opinion, and the matter was not complex and the CC did not
encounter serious difficulties in conducting its inquiry. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at paras 114–115.

In its 13 applications to the chairman of the CP for EOTs, the CC does not
seem to have provided such reasons to the chairman to justify the applications
for EOTs. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

See Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (Extensions of Time).

Consequently, the plaintiff argued that non-compliance with s 42(2) by the CC
in not having adequate reasons for applying for EOTs necessarily invalidated
the CC’s applications for EOTs.

62 In relation to the chairman of the CP, the plaintiff argued that under s
42(2), the chairman can only grant an EOT if he thinks that the CC will not be
able to complete its inquiry before its deadline due to the complexity of the
matter or serious difficulties encountered by the CC in conducting its
inquiry. In this case, the plaintiff argued that the chairman granted EOTs to
the CC as a matter of course without considering whether the EOTs were
justified by the complexity of the matter or the serious difficulties the CC
encountered in conducting its inquiry. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at paras 122–123.

Consequently, the plaintiff argued that such non-compliance with s 42(2) also
necessarily invalidated the chairman’s grants of EOTs.

63 On this point, the High Court in Chai Chwan was of the view that the
predecessor provision of s 42(2), which is materially similar to s 42(2),
conferred upon the chairman of the CP a discretion that was “not based on any
conditions that must be satisfied” before he could exercise his discretion to
grant an EOT (at [40]). The High Court stated that the language of “as he
thinks fit” in the provision was “in plain and unfettered terms” (at [40]).
The High Court took the view that nowhere in the legislation did it mention
the matters which the chairman should have regard to when exercising his
discretion to grant an EOT (at [42]).

64 I have my doubts as to whether s 42(2) should be interpreted to mean that
the discretion of the chairman of the CP in granting an EOT is not based on
any conditions that must be satisfied. It is arguable that the phrase “as he
thinks fit” in s 42(2) refers only to the discretion of the chairman with
regard to the length of the EOT he decides to grant, and that the chairman
still has to satisfy himself that the CC will not be able to complete its
inquiry before its deadline “due to the complexity of the matter or serious
difficulties encountered by the [CC] in conducting its inquiry”. Otherwise, it
is illogical that a CC should seek an EOT on such reasons (only) but the
chairman of the CP does not have to satisfy himself that such reasons exist.

65 For present purposes, I assume that there is non-compliance with s 42(2)
when a CC and the chairman of the CP respectively do not act in the manner
that the plaintiff argued they have to act under s 42(2) (see [61]–[62]
above).

66 I consider the implications if a CC’s non-compliance with s 42(2), because
of the inadequacy of its reasons for applying for an EOT, necessarily
invalidates the CC’s application for an EOT.

67 First, a registered medical practitioner who is the subject of the CC’s
inquiry could easily make a challenge against the reasons for which the CC
applied for an EOT, regardless of whether there was any merit to his
challenge.

68 Second, even if there was some merit in such a challenge, much time and
effort would have to be expended by all concerned to meet the challenge. The
present case is a case in point. The plaintiff sought discovery of documents
and answers to interrogatories to scrutinise the reasons for the CC’s
applications for EOTs. There might also be lengthy arguments as to whether the
reasons met the statutory requirements.

69 Third, even if it could be easily established that a CC’s reasons for
applying for an EOT could not withstand scrutiny, this brings us back to the
question mentioned at [56] above, ie, what purpose would it serve to interpret
s 42(2) to mean that the application for the EOT is invalid? If the same
complaint may be laid before a new CC, this would give rise to the scenario
mentioned, ie, the process of inquiry into that complaint would be complicated
and lengthened with the risk that the cycle might be repeated. Moreover, if
the complaint cannot be laid afresh before a new CC, that would mean that the
registered medical practitioner who was the subject of inquiry would escape
liability on what could still be considered a technicality.

70 On the other hand, the plaintiff argued that to allow a CC to obtain
multiple EOTs easily would defeat the purpose of s 42(1) which was to ensure
the expeditious conclusion of its inquiry into a complaint. It would also not
be in the interest of the registered medical practitioner in question or the
public for undue delays in the conclusion of an inquiry.

71 The plaintiff also raised the point that a CC may not have good reasons for
applying for an EOT and its inquiry process would thereby become unnecessarily
prolonged should the EOT be granted to it.

72 There was some force in these arguments.

73 However, the words of May LJ in Regina v Chief Constable of the Merseyside
Police, Ex parte Calveley and Others [1986] 1 QB 424 (“Calveley”) at 439 come
to my mind:

… Unnecessary delay in legal and analogous proceedings, such as the
disciplinary ones in the instant case, is of course to be deplored, but it
does occur and, in the absence of mala fides, should not tempt one to resort
to judicial review where no real abuse or breach of natural justice can be
shown.

This was also cited with approval by the Court of Appeal in Tan Tiang Hin
Jerry v Singapore Medical Council [2000] 1 SLR(R) 553 (“Tan Tiang Hin Jerry”)
at [50].

74 At present, each CC may be required to inquire into discrete complaints
against more than one registered medical practitioner. For example, in this
case, the CC was apparently inquiring into seven discrete complaints against
various registered medical practitioners at one time. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

See the second defendant’s affidavit at para 21.

This, plus the fact that the members of a CC are volunteers who do not work
full-time on the CC and have other responsibilities (see s 40(1)), 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 7–8.

means that unfortunately, it will not be surprising that a CC will have to
seek at least an EOT to complete its inquiry.

75 It is also likely that a CC will need to seek EOTs for reasons other than
the complexity of the matter or serious difficulties it encountered in
conducting its inquiry. The mere reason that more time is required to inquire
into each of the discrete complaints before the CC is not likely to constitute
such a serious difficulty as is envisaged in s 42(2). By way of another
example, the reason that the schedules of the members of the CC are such that
they have difficulty in getting suitable dates to meet together on enough
occasions to complete their inquiry is also not likely to constitute such a
serious difficulty as is envisaged in s 42(2).

76 This is not a satisfactory situation. I agree that a CC’s inquiry should be
concluded as expeditiously as possible.

77 However, I am of the view that the plaintiff’s contentions, to invalidate a
CC’s application for an EOT because of the inadequacy of its reasons for its
application, will result in an even more unsatisfactory situation. The process
of inquiry by the CC will become unworkable in reality. Challenge upon
challenge will be mounted and the same complaint may have to be laid before a
new CC again and again. Alternatively, the whole process comes to nought if
the chairman of the CP is not even entitled to lay the complaint before a new
CC in such circumstances.

78 I mention again that the MRA does not stipulate a long-stop date by which a
CC has to complete its inquiry (see the discussion at [57]–[59] above).
Therefore, although I accept that the intent behind s 42(1) and s 42(2) was
for inquiries to be completed expeditiously, this does not mean that the
intent was also that the inadequacy of a CC’s reasons for applying for an EOT
leads to the disproportionate consequence advocated by the plaintiff, ie, that
the CC can no longer continue its inquiry.

79 On balance, I therefore am of the view that in the absence of clear words
to the contrary, Parliament did not intend for the inadequacy of a CC’s
reasons for applying for an EOT to invalidate the CC’s application for an EOT.

80 For the same reasons, I am of the view that Parliament did not intend to
invalidate the grant of an EOT by the chairman of the CP to the CC simply
because the chairman did not grant such EOT on the basis of the complexity of
the matter or serious difficulties encountered by the CC in conducting its
inquiry.

81 I have mentioned that a CC may be required to inquire into discrete
complaints against various registered medical practitioners at a given time.
It is likely that multiple applications for EOTs, whether for the same
complaint or for discrete complaints, are likely to be made by the CC to the
chairman of the CP. Conversely, the chairman will be receiving multiple
applications for EOTs and this is all the more so as there may be more than
one CC appointed at a given time. If the chairman of the CP has to satisfy
himself that each CC has adequate reason for each application for an EOT to
hold the opinion that the EOT is required because of complexity or serious
difficulties, then he too will be inundated and the scheme will be unworkable.
The requirements in s 42(2) are meant to encourage the expeditious conclusion
of an inquiry by the CC but not to frustrate the entire process.

Directory provisions

82 In summary:

(a) If a CC applies for an EOT after its initial or extended deadline to
complete its inquiry, the CC’s application for an EOT is not invalidated.

(b) If a CC’s application for an EOT is made without adequate reasons,
because:

(i) the CC is not of the opinion that the matter is complex or that it
encountered serious difficulties in conducting its inquiry; and/or

(ii) there is in fact no such complexity or serious difficulties,

the CC’s application for an EOT is not invalidated.

(c) If the chairman of the CP grants an EOT to a CC without in fact holding
the opinion that the CC will be unable to complete its inquiry before its
deadline due to the complexity of the matter or serious difficulties it
encountered in conducting its inquiry, the chairman’s grant of the EOT is not
invalidated.

83 It follows then that applications made by the CC for EOTs or the grants of
such EOTs by the chairman of the CP under s 42(2) cannot be challenged on the
grounds of illegality and irrationality. A fortiori, they also cannot be
challenged under the precedent fact principle of review.

84 In this regard, I observe that the parties in Chai Chwan did not seem to
have argued whether the predecessor provision of s 42(2), which is materially
similar to s 42(2), was a directory provision or a mandatory provision. The
High Court consequently did not make any comment on this. Instead, the High
Court considered whether the chairman of the CP had granted EOTs to the CC
irrationally. This might have arisen because of the submissions before the
High Court.

85 Further, I note that in the present case there was no allegation that there
was a breach of the rule of fair hearing or of the rule against bias, on the
part of the CC or the chairman of the CP.

86 This does not mean that a registered medical practitioner who is the
subject of the CC’s inquiry is completely at the mercy of the process. If
indeed he has suffered substantial prejudice as a result of any alleged non-
compliance, he may seek an order to end the process. If a plaintiff suffered
substantial prejudice as a result of some non-compliance with a directory
provision, the thing done under that provision may be invalidated (see Tan
Tiang Hin Jerry at [39], [48]–[51]). Indeed, the plaintiff did argue that he
had suffered substantial prejudice.

Substantial prejudice

87 The plaintiff alleged he suffered prejudice in various ways such as:

(a) the plaintiff’s livelihood had been destroyed as a result of MOH refusing
to renew his clinic licence for 3.5 years from 16 March 2015, without his
having been found guilty of any disciplinary offence, and this result exceeded
the most severe punishment that a DT can impose on him; 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at paras 66, 68–69, 72, 137–138,
146(a).

(b) the plaintiff no longer has the financial wherewithal to afford senior
counsel or the necessary expert witnesses; 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at para 73(a).

and

(c) the plaintiff’s ability to defend himself before a DT has been severely
compromised particularly because he is no longer able to contact several of
his patients who were the subject of the Complaint to serve as witnesses, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at paras 73(c), 135.

and the abilities of the plaintiff and his patients to recall events from the
material time would have been compromised by the time of a hearing before the
DT. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at para 73(b).

88 It was undisputed that 13 applications for EOTs were made by the CC and
granted by the chairman of the CP such that although the CC commenced its
inquiry into the Complaint on 8 May 2014 (see [17] above), its decision to
order that an inquiry be held by a DT was made only on 12 December 2017 (see
[32] above), ie, after around 3.5 years.

89 On the point of the plaintiff’s alleged loss of livelihood, the parties
argued whether the CC’s alleged delay in completing its inquiry was
responsible for the plaintiff’s loss of livelihood when MOH refused to renew
the plaintiff’s licence to operate the clinic. The plaintiff argued that MOH’s
refusal to renew his clinic licence was directly related to how long the CC’s
inquiry was taking, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at para 56.

while the defendants argued that the evidence showed otherwise.

90 As set out in the background facts, there was correspondence between MOH
and the plaintiff from 2013 to 2015. It was subsequently MOH’s decision not to
renew the plaintiff’s clinic licence when it expired on 16 March 2015. MOH had
made its decision in accordance with the PHMCA, and based on the inspection
findings from February 2013 to March 2015 that the clinic had repeatedly not
complied with the licensing requirements under the PHMCA and its subsidiary
legislation in prescribing certain treatments (see [19] above). The plaintiff
then appealed against this decision to the Minister for Health. MOH thereafter
sent a letter to the plaintiff on 24 April 2017 informing him that the
Minister had decided to allow the plaintiff’s appeal and had directed that his
clinic licence be renewed for six months subject to the condition that he
strictly comply with MOH’s guidelines on the provision of non-evidence-based
medicine (see [29] above). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

3Statement Annex 32 p 1641.

91 While the plaintiff argued that there was some evidence that MOH was
awaiting the outcome from the SMC following MOH’s letter dated 31 July 2013
informing the SMC of the plaintiff’s practices (see [10] and [13] above), the
short point is that, even if this was so, the SMC and the CC were not
responsible for the decision of MOH in refusing to renew the plaintiff’s
clinic licence, or the decision of the Minister in allowing the plaintiff’s
appeal, or any interval or delay in between.

92 It is also unclear if MOH was awaiting any outcome from the SMC before
deciding whether or not to renew the plaintiff’s clinic licence. Also, as it
turned out, the Minister allowed the plaintiff’s appeal before the CC (or the
DT) reached a decision on the Complaint.

93 I also do not accept that the SMC was responsible for the decision of the
Minister in allowing the plaintiff’s appeal just because MOH had requested the
SMC to form an advisory committee to consider his appeal (see [23] above).
This advisory committee was constituted pursuant to s 10(2)(a) of the PHMCA,
54

##### Foot Note 54

×

See 3Statement Annex 26 p 1530.

consisting three SMC members as the SMC may designate. The defendants have
stated on affidavit that none of the members of the CC was a member of this
advisory committee. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

See the second defendant’s affidavit at para 141(c).

94 Moreover, the plaintiff’s argument that he had been without a clinic
licence and practice for 3.5 years (see his written submissions for OS
514/2018 at para 69), as a result of the CC’s delay, and that this exceeded
the most severe punishment that a DT can impose on him presented an inaccurate
picture. The plaintiff had used the duration of 3.5 years but this period was
calculated from 16 March 2015 (when MOH decided not to renew his clinic
licence) to the date of his written submissions of 19 September 2018 to the
court. However, as mentioned, MOH had sent a letter to the plaintiff on 24
April 2017, around two years later from 16 March 2015, informing him that his
clinic licence would be renewed. It is a separate matter if the plaintiff
decided not to restart the clinic (see [30] above).

95 The plaintiff’s alleged loss of livelihood for a period of time is also
different in nature from a possible finding that he was guilty of some
disciplinary offence.

96 For completeness, I would mention that the plaintiff’s clinic licence was
initially not renewed by MOH apparently because the plaintiff was prescribing
certain treatments. This forms the subject of the Complaint made by the SMC to
the chairman of the CP, ie, the subject of the CC’s inquiry, since MOH had
sent the letters to the SMC informing it of the plaintiff’s practices (see
[10] and [21] above). There was no suggestion that MOH would still have
refused to renew the plaintiff’s clinic licence even if he agreed not to
prescribe such treatments for the time being. There was also no suggestion
that the plaintiff was precluded from practising as a locum while MOH refused
to renew his clinic licence.

97 In the light of the above, the plaintiff’s argument that he “has been
condemned unheard”, in being deprived of his livelihood without having been
found guilty of any disciplinary offence, is also unsustainable. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at paras 68, 138.

MOH’s refusal to renew the plaintiff’s clinic licence was not because he had
been found guilty of a disciplinary offence.

98 As for the plaintiff’s contention that he no longer has the financial
wherewithal to afford senior counsel or the necessary expert witnesses, in
line with what I have mentioned, the CC did not cause the plaintiff any
alleged loss of livelihood. It is also unclear what financial resources the
plaintiff actually has but I need not say any more on this point.

99 I turn to the plaintiff’s point about his ability to defend himself before
a DT. It is premature to conclude that even if the plaintiff truly cannot
contact the patients he seeks to serve as witnesses, he would be prejudiced in
presenting his case before a DT.

100 The inquiry to be held by a DT into the Complaint pertains to the issue of
the plaintiff offering some non-mainstream services and concerns over the
appropriateness of the medical management of some patients. The plaintiff
himself believes that the Complaint would come under para 4.1.4 of the SMC
Ethical Code and Ethical Guidelines, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions for OS 514/2018 at para 67.

which states:

4.1.4 Untested practices and clinical trials

A doctor shall treat patients according to generally accepted methods and use
only licensed drugs for appropriate indications. A doctor shall not offer to
patients, management plans or remedies that are not generally accepted by the
profession, except in the context of a formal and approved clinical trial.

…

101 In this regard, evidence from the plaintiff’s patients does not
necessarily address the question as to whether the plaintiff’s management
plans or remedies were generally accepted by the profession. The defendants
made a similar submission. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 252(b).

102 Based on the present evidence, I do not accept that any alleged non-
compliance with s 42(2) by the CC and/or the chairman of the CP resulted in
the plaintiff suffering substantial prejudice such that it merits the
invalidation of the CC’s order that an inquiry into the Complaint be held by a
DT.

Whether there was inordinate delay in the prosecution of disciplinary
proceedings amounting to an abuse of process

103 Given my finding that the plaintiff had not suffered any of the
substantial prejudice he alleged, I do not have to address his argument as to
whether at common law, there was inordinate delay in the prosecution of
disciplinary proceedings against him such as would amount to an abuse of
process or breach of natural justice (see [43] above).

Whether the leave application was premature

104 I briefly address the issue of whether the leave application in OS
514/2018 was premature. I accept that the leave application was not premature
only to the extent that the plaintiff’s arguments were premised on substantial
prejudice that he had suffered as a result of any alleged non-compliance with
s 42(2). If the plaintiff had been successful in persuading the court that he
had suffered substantial prejudice as a result, his remedy might have
included, inter alia, the quashing of the CC’s order that an inquiry be held
by a DT.

105 However, in so far as the rest of the plaintiff’s arguments did not
concern substantial prejudice suffered as a result of any alleged non-
compliance with s 42(2), I find that the leave application was premature. The
words of May LJ in Calveley at 439 (just before those quoted at [73] above)
are also relevant in this regard:

… prima facie the present applicants should be left to their statutory appeals
in the course of which the tribunal can consider not only the point based on
the failure to give notice under regulation 7 in time and also the question of
delay, but in addition the general merits of the case. Although judicial
review can provide an effective, convenient and relatively swift remedy, it
should only be granted, particularly where the basis of the application is
merely delay in taking the necessary proceedings, where this can properly be
described as amounting to an abuse of process. …

106 Likewise, the plaintiff still has the opportunity to argue his case before
a DT and before the High Court for any appeal thereafter. Before a DT and the
High Court, the plaintiff may raise issues concerning the alleged delay by the
CC in completing its inquiry for them to be taken into account in determining
the plaintiff’s liability and sanction, should liability be established (see
Lim Mey Lee Susan at [40]; Jen Shek Wei v Singapore Medical Council [2018] 3
SLR 943 at [167]–[169]).

Section 68

107 I also make some brief comments on s 68. Section 68 states:

No action in absence of bad faith

68\. No action or proceedings shall lie against the Medical Council, a
Complaints Committee, a Disciplinary Tribunal, the Health Committee or any
other committee appointed by the Medical Council or any member or employee
thereof for any act or thing done under this Act unless it is proved to the
court that the act or thing was done in bad faith or with malice.

108 As mentioned, the defendants argued in their written submissions that
pursuant to s 68, the plaintiff must, in his leave application in OS 514/2018,
also prove to the court that the acts of the CC, of the chairman of the CP and
of the SMC were done in bad faith or with malice (see [48] above). This point
was not expanded on or pursued during oral arguments and the plaintiff did not
respond to this point.

109 I doubt that s 68 precludes or limits the commencement of judicial review
proceedings. However, without full arguments from the parties and in the light
of my decision, I do not have to say more on this provision.

Further remarks

110 In the light of the reasons above, I also do not have to address the
remaining arguments of the parties. Many of them would be academic for the
purposes of these proceedings.

111 I deal with one further point. I agree with the defendants that the
plaintiff should have filed an affidavit in support of OS 514/2018 verifying
all the facts he relied on, as required under O 53 r 1(2) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 187–189.

The plaintiff did not do this but instead included such facts in his statement
in support of OS 514/2018. It is unclear why the plaintiff did not file the
supporting affidavit accordingly.

Conclusion

112 For the foregoing reasons, I dismiss OS 514/2018. I thus dismiss SUM
2032/2018. I make no order on SUM 3118/2018 which is now academic.

113 I will hear the parties on costs.

114 I had directed that no DT proceedings relating to the Complaint against
the plaintiff were to be commenced pending the outcome of OS 514/2018 and
judicial review proceedings if any. For avoidance of doubt, that direction
ceases to apply from the date of this judgment.

115 I add that nothing that I say here is to bind the hands of the DT and the
High Court if they have to determine whether the plaintiff had in fact
suffered substantial prejudice as a result of any alleged delay by the CC in
completing its inquiry.

116 While the plaintiff has not succeeded, any undue delay in concluding an
inquiry is not satisfactory. The relevant authorities should redress the
situation so that complaints of undue delay are a thing of the past.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Liew Wey-Ren Colin (Essex Court Chambers Duxton

(Singapore Group Practice)) for the plaintiff;  
Thio Shen Yi SC and Thara Rubini Gopalan

(TSMP Law Corporation) for the defendants.

Annex

The CC’s 13 applications for EOTs

  
EOT|  
Deadline| Date of application  
for EOT|  
Status  
---|---|---|---  
1| 7 August 2014| 8 July 2014|  
2| 7 November 2014| 30 January 2015| Late  
3| 7 May 2015| 19 June 2015| Late  
4| 7 August 2015| 20 August 2015| Late  
5| 7 November 2015| 9 November 2015| Late  
6| 7 February 2016| 3 February 2016|  
7| 7 May 2016| 13 May 2016| Late  
8| 7 August 2016| 1 August 2016|  
9| 7 November 2016| 28 November 2016| Late  
10| 7 February 2017| 24 January 2017|  
11| 7 March 2017| 15 March 2017| Late  
12| 7 June 2017| 29 May 2017|  
13| 7 December 2017| 14 December 2017| Late  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

