Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 268

Criminal Case No 37 of 2019

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

(1)| Mohamed Ansari bin Mohamed Abdul Aziz  
---|---  
(2)| Murugesan a/l Arumugamz  
  
JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Voir dire] — [Procedure]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Mohamed Ansari bin Mohamed Abdul Aziz and another

[2019] SGHC 268

High Court — Criminal Case No 37 of 2019  
Chan Seng Onn J  
27–29 August 2019, 14 November 2019

14 November 2019 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This judgment concerns the voluntariness of six statements that were the
subject of a voir dire held within a joint trial involving the two accused
persons – Mohamed Ansari bin Mohamed Abdul Aziz (“Ansari”), a 46-year old
Singaporean, and Murugesan a/l Arumugam (“Murugesan”), a 31-year old
Malaysian.

2 Ansari faces a total of nine charges and claims trial to one proceeded
charge under s 5(l)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“MDA”), punishable under s 33(1) read with the Second Schedule of the MDA,
pertaining to the possession of not less than 39.68g of diamorphine ("the
Drugs") for the purpose of trafficking (“Ansari’s Charge”). The remaining
charges have been stood down by the prosecution. Murugesan also faces one
proceeded charge under s 5(l)(a) of the MDA, punishable under s 33(1) read
with the Second Schedule of the MDA, pertaining to trafficking the Drugs by
delivering the Drugs to Ansari.

3 In the present voir dire, Ansari challenges the admissibility of two
contemporaneous statements, one cautioned statement and three long statements
(collectively referred to as “the Statements”). Ansari’s case is that the
Statements were not made voluntarily, and he had been induced by two Central
Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers, Staff Sergeant Muhammad Helmi bin Abdul
Jalal (“SSGT Helmi”) and Station Inspector Fathli bin Mohd Yusof ("SI
Fathli"), to make the Statements, in the hope that Bella Fadila (“Bella”), who
was Ansari’s then-girlfriend, would be “let off”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ansari’s Submissions for Ancillary Hearing at para 5.

Voluntariness of the Statements

The Statements

4 In relation to Ansari’s Charge, SSGT Helmi recorded two contemporaneous
statements from Ansari, referred to collectively as the “Contemporaneous
Statements”:

(a) the first contemporaneous statement recorded on 24 March 2016 at about
1.20pm under s 22 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”)
in a CNB operational vehicle 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 3.

; and

(b) the second contemporaneous statement recorded on 24 March 2016 at about
3.32pm under s 22 of the CPC in the bedroom of the VIBES apartment that Ansari
and Bella were residing in.

5 In relation to Ansari’s Charge, SI Fathli recorded one cautioned statement
and three long statements, collectively referred to as the “Non-
Contemporaneous Statements”:

(a) the cautioned statement recorded on 25 March 2016 at about 3.08am under s
23 of the CPC (“25 March 2016 Statement”);

(b) the statement recorded on 30 March 2016 at about 2.59pm under s 22 of the
CPC (“30 March 2016 Statement”);

(c) the statement recorded on 31 March 2016 at about 10.36am under s 22 of the
CPC (“31 March 2016 Statement”); and

(d) the statement recorded on 4 April 2016 at about 2.40pm under s 22 of the
CPC (“4 April 2016 Statement”).

Ansari’s case

6 In relation to the Contemporaneous Statements, Ansari alleges that on 24
March 2016 in the CNB vehicle, before the Contemporaneous Statements were
recorded, Ansari had begged SSGT Helmi to “let [Bella] go because she’s not
involved in the case”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at pp 58–59.

Ansari alleges that SSGT Helmi had responded, “it depends on what you say” 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 59.

(“SSGT Helmi’s Inducement”). SSGT Helmi’s Inducement thus induced Ansari to
make the Contemporaneous Statements.

7 In relation to the Non-Contemporaneous Statements, Ansari alleges that on 25
March 2016 at about 3.00am, before the 25 March 2016 Statement was recorded,
he was brought to Interview Room 3 of Police Cantonment Complex Lock-up, and
was alone with SI Fathli in the room for a short while. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 62.

Ansari testified that he had begged SI Fathli “to let Bella go, Bella my
girlfriend, because she’s not involved in this”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 63.

SI Fathli had allegedly replied, “[s]o far you have been [cooperative]. So if
you continue cooperating, we will let Bella go” 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 63.

(“SI Fathli’s Inducement”). SI Fathli’s Inducement thus induced Ansari to make
the Non-Contemporaneous Statements.

The Arrest

8 On 24 March 2016 at about 12.20pm, Ansari entered the HDB carpark at Block
106 Lengkong Tiga in a car bearing licence plate number “SGF 6111J” (“the
Car”). The Car was driven by Jufri bin Mohd Alif (“Jufri”). Bella was also in
the Car. Murugesan was riding a motorcycle bearing license plate number
“JQR5667” (“the Motorcycle”). As the Car and the Motorcycle moved towards the
exit of the HDB carpark, CNB officers moved in and effected arrest on Ansari,
Murugesan, Bella and Jufri.

The law on voluntariness of statements

9 The burden is on the prosecution to prove beyond reasonable doubt that the
statement had been made voluntarily, and not on the defence to prove on a
balance of probabilities that the confession was not made voluntarily: Koh Aik
Siew v PP [1993] 1 SLR(R) 885 at [23], Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v PP [1998] 3
SLR(R) 619 (“Chai Chien Wei Kelvin”) at [53]. It is only necessary for the
prosecution to remove a reasonable doubt of the existence of threat,
inducement or promise held out to the accused and not every lurking shadow of
influence or remnants of fear: Panya Martmontree v PP [1995] 2 SLR(R) 806 [28]
and Chai Chien Wei Kelvin at [53].

Incriminating Bella in the 31 March 2016 and 4 April 2016 Statements

10 I first deal with the evidence that the prosecution had sought to adduce in
the voir dire when they cross-examined Ansari on his answers given in the 31
March 2016 Statement and the 4 April 2016 Statement that had incriminated
Bella in relation to drug-related offences. Essentially, the prosecution
sought to rely on the contents (ie, specific questions and answers) of the 31
March 2016 Statement and the 4 April 2016 Statement to contradict Ansari’s
case and to show that the alleged inducements, even if offered, were not
operative in inducing Ansari to make these statements.

11 Although the court was not provided with and therefore did not have sight
of the 31 March 2016 Statement and the 4 April 2016 Statement during the voir
dire, the prosecution referred to and cross-examined Ansari on both
statements, and Ansari admitted to inculpating Bella in both statements in
relation to Bella’s involvement with the drugs found in an apartment and
Bella’s knowledge of Ansari’s involvement in drug-related activities. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at pp 70, 72–73.

12 Mr Tiwary, Ansari’s legal counsel, objected to the prosecution’s line of
questioning, submitting that the statement of the accused cannot be looked
into at all during a voir dire, even for the purpose of determining the
voluntariness of the statement itself. Mr Tiwary submits that allowing
otherwise would be dangerous and unsafe due to the porosity of s 279(5) of the
CPC, which states:

(5) If any evidence has been given in any ancillary hearing relating to the
statement or the other evidence which has been objected to by any party to the
proceedings, any such evidence which is relevant for the purposes of the main
trial shall be admissible without the need to recall any of the witnesses to
give evidence.

[emphasis added]

Mr Tiwary expresses concern that the porosity of s 279(5) of the CPC would
allow for the potential flow of evidence from the ancillary hearing to the
main trial even before the defence is called, which “puts the cart before the
horse”. Looking into the statement of the accused during a voir dire could now
compel the accused to give evidence in the ancillary hearing that could flow
out into the main trial through s 279(5) of the CPC, even though the accused
should be entitled to remain silent about such evidence at the main trial
before the defence is called. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Transcript 29 August 2019 at p 65.

Can the court look at the contents of a statement in an ancillary hearing to
determine its admissibility?

13 As such, I will now address the anterior legal question as to whether the
court at the ancillary hearing can have sight of the contents of a statement
that is the subject of the voir dire in order to determine the ancillary issue
of the voluntariness and hence admissibility of the statement.

14 From the outset, s 279(2) of the CPC provides that: “[i]n an ancillary
hearing, any evidence adduced shall be limited only to the ancillary issue
[emphasis added].” This means that the contents of the statement that are
irrelevant to the question of voluntariness shall not be looked at in the
ancillary hearing. Therefore, no porosity issue arises for the contents of the
statement that are irrelevant to the admissibility of the statement, since the
contents would not enter into the ancillary hearing in the first place on the
basis of relevance.

15 However, I do accept that at times, the same content in the accused’s
statement can relate simultaneously to both the question of voluntariness of
the statement, which is a matter for the ancillary hearing, and the question
of the commission of the offence, which is a matter for the main trial. In the
interests of justice, I am of the view that the presence of s 279(5) of the
CPC and its porosity cannot prevent the content of the statement relevant to
an issue on voluntariness from being adduced during the ancillary hearing just
because the same content is also relevant to the issue of the commission of
the offence to be dealt with at the main trial. Two possible scenarios arise.
If the statement is ruled to be voluntary, this part of the statement (ie, the
content relevant to both voluntariness and the commission of the offence) will
enter the main trial anyway. If the statement is ruled to be involuntary, this
part of the statement will not enter the main trial anyway. As such, I find no
legal impediment for the court to have sight of the content of the statement
during the ancillary hearing to ascertain if any part of it is relevant to the
issues that are to be determined at the ancillary hearing. If it is found to
be relevant, questions may be asked during the voir dire in relation to the
making of that part of the statement.

16 My real concern pertains to the evidence of the accused and other witnesses
testifying at the ancillary hearing, if the evidence given by the accused or
the other witnesses is simultaneously relevant to both the question of the
voluntariness of the accused’s statement and to the question of the commission
of the offence. Under s 279(5) of the CPC, there is no problem with the
evidence of witnesses, and not the accused, flowing to the main trial without
the witnesses being recalled back at the main trial. Since the prosecution can
always call the same witnesses back at the main trial to repeat the evidence
given at the ancillary hearing because the same evidence also relates to the
commission of the offence, s 279(5) of the CPC renders this step unnecessary
for the prosecution. I accept that this enables the trial to be conducted more
efficiently.

17 However, I am inclined to hold a different view where the testimony of the
accused given at the ancillary hearing is relevant both to the voluntariness
of the statement and to the commission of the offence. In the interests of
justice, the accused should not be constrained in the manner he gives evidence
when challenging the voluntariness of his statements during the ancillary
hearing. If the accused gives evidence relevant both to the issue of the
voluntariness of his statement and also to the issue of his commission of the
offence, then this part of the accused’s evidence given at the ancillary
hearing should not, by virtue of s 279(5) of the CPC, be rendered
automatically admissible as evidence that forms a part of the prosecution’s
case even before the defence is called. To that extent, I agree with Mr
Tiwary. To hold otherwise would substantially prejudice the accused by
compromising the accused’s right to silence.

18 Having a voir dire allows the accused to step into the witness box to give
evidence on oath and challenge the admissibility of the recorded statements
purported to be his statements before the close of the prosecution’s case,
without sacrificing his right to remain silent should the court later decide
to call for his defence at the close of the prosecution’s case. It was held in
Haw Tua Tau v PP [1981–1982] SLR(R) 133 at [17] that the following principles
would apply to determine if an accused ought to be called upon to give his
defence (see also s 230(m) of the CPC):

… At the conclusion of the Prosecution’s case …, the judge must consider
whether there is some evidence (not inherently incredible) which, if he were
to accept it as accurate, would establish each essential element in the
alleged offence. If such evidence as respects any of those essential elements
is lacking, then, and then only, is he justified in finding “that no case
against the accused has been made out which if unrebutted would warrant his
conviction”, within the meaning of s 188(1). Where he has not so found, he
must call upon the accused to enter upon his defence …

The accused should be protected during the ancillary hearing, which should be
insulated from the main trial. The accused should retain the freedom to give
evidence during the ancillary hearing to challenge the admissibility of his
statements and yet be able to retain his right to silence in the main trial
before he is called upon to enter his defence. Section 279(5) of the CPC
compromises this if the accused’s evidence in the ancillary hearing can be
introduced into the main trial by s 279(5) when the accused’s evidence is
simultaneously relevant to both the voluntariness of the statement and the
commission of the offence. In such a situation, I am of the view that the
court has the discretion to, and should disallow, the accused’s oral testimony
during a voir dire from flowing back into the main trial via a backdoor in s
279(5) of the CPC before the accused’s defence is even called. Mr Tiwary and
the Deputy Public Prosecutor avoided specific references to the substantive
content of the accused’s statement when the accused was being questioned
during the voir dire to ensure that the accused did not venture into any areas
in his evidence that might have a bearing on the main trial itself, even
though that evidence was clearly also relevant to determine the voluntariness
of the statement itself. These precautions taken appear to me to be rather
unachievable and awkward at times. All this is unnecessary since the court has
the discretion to disallow the accused’s oral testimony at the ancillary
hearing relating to the commission of the offence from entering the main trial
if such testimony prejudices the accused’s right to silence in any way. Due to
these concerns, the parties took the position that the court should not have
sight of the statements at all during the voir dire and no statements were
therefore provided to the court during the ancillary hearing.

19 In any case, there is no provision in the CPC that expressly prohibits the
court from having sight of the contents of the statement, which are relevant
to the ancillary issue, in order to determine the ancillary issue.

20 For the above reasons, I thus hold that the statement can be marked for
identification during the ancillary hearing and the court is entitled to view
the contents of the statement if it is relevant to determine the issue for
which the ancillary hearing is being held.

21 Applying this to the present case, I reject Mr Tiwary’s submission that the
prosecution is barred from cross-examining and adducing any evidence from
Ansari in relation to the contents of the 31 March 2016 Statement and the 4
April 2016 Statement whereby he incriminated Bella. The contents of the 31
March 2016 Statement and the 4 April 2016 Statement that were incriminatory of
Bella would be relevant to the voluntariness issue under s 279(2) of the CPC,
given that it contradicts Ansari’s case that he had been induced by SSGT Helmi
and SI Fathli to make the Statements in order to “let Bella go”. As such, it
is the fact that he had incriminated and not exculpated Bella of her
involvement in these two statements (and not the factual truth or otherwise of
that incrimination itself) that is relevant to the issue of inducement in the
ancillary hearing.

22 Turning to the evidence that inculpated Bella, Ansari admitted under cross-
examination that in the 31 March 2016 Statement, he had incriminated Bella in
relation to her involvement with the drugs in the apartment, and stated
Bella’s knowledge of Ansari’s involvement in drug-related activities. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at pp 70, 72.

Ansari also admitted that in the 4 April 2016 Statement, he had incriminated
Bella in relation to her drug activities. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 70.

However, I do note that in the 31 March 2016 Statement, Ansari answered a
general question regarding Bella’s involvement without incriminating Bella. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 76.

23 When Ansari was re-examined about this contradiction on how his
incrimination of Bella would allow Bella to be let off, he explained that he
was under the impression that had he cooperated with CNB, he and Bella would
both get lighter sentences. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 74.

Ansari explained that by answering the questions in the manner that he did,
and giving incriminating information about what Bella had done, Ansari was
hoping that CNB would still let her off. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 76.

24 I do not find this explanation to be logical. It is difficult to understand
how incriminating Bella would result in lighter sentences for both Bella and
Ansari. I can only see the logic in how Ansari’s cooperation with CNB in
incriminating Bella could have resulted in a lighter sentence for only
himself, but not Bella. Ansari’s motive to incriminate Bella would have been
self-serving in nature. This is consistent with Ansari’s further testimony
where he admitted that the second reason for giving information that
incriminated Bella was to obtain the Certificate of Substantive Assistance
under s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA for himself. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 75.

To my mind, this second reason is believable and far more logical than the
first. The evidence regarding Bella’s incrimination will be considered below
in relation to my analysis of the inducements allegedly made by SSGT Helmi and
SI Fathli.

The Contemporaneous Statements

Ansari’s Testimony

25 In relation to the two Contemporaneous Statements recorded by SSGT Helmi,
Ansari testified that on 24 March 2016 after his arrest, he was brought to the
Car. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 58.

When Ansari arrived, he saw that both Jufri and Bella had been arrested. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 58.

Ansari testified seeing Bella, who had been handcuffed, crying and in fear. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 58.

This is corroborated by Bella’s testimony that it was probable that she might
have been crying from shock or fear. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript 7 August 2019 at p 24.

As a result, Ansari testified feeling very disappointed and aggrieved by that
sight, as he felt responsible for Bella’s arrest. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 58.

26 After the search of the Car, Ansari was escorted back to the CNB vehicle,
whereby Ansari and SSGT Helmi were the only people in the vehicle. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 58.

It is Ansari’s testimony that right before the Contemporaneous Statements were
recorded in the CNB vehicle, Ansari had begged SSGT Helmi to “let [Bella] go
because she’s not involved in the case”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at pp 58–59.

Ansari alleged that SSGT Helmi had responded, “it depends on what you say.” 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 59.

Ansari interpreted SSGT Helmi’s statement to mean that if Ansari had taken
responsibility for the Drugs found in the search of the Car, the CNB officers
would let Bella go. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 59.

As a result, Ansari alleged that he had made the Contemporaneous Statements
with the objective of clearing Bella of the allegations against her and in the
hope that Bella would not be involved in the case. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at pp 60–61.

27 It is Ansari’s testimony that he wanted Bella to be let off for the
following reasons. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 59.

First, Bella was his then-girlfriend who stayed with him at the VIBES
apartment. Second, Bella had a 3-year old daughter from Indonesia and was
responsible for taking care of her. Third, Ansari claimed that Bella was not
involved in any drug activities. Fourth, Ansari felt sad seeing Bella cry and
felt responsible for her situation, since he was the one who had called Bella
down to Singapore.

SSGT Helmi’s Testimony

28 In contrast, SSGT Helmi denied that on 24 March 2016 after the arrest,
Ansari had uttered the words, “Please let Bella go. She is my girlfriend. She
does not know anything about these drugs.” 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 20.

SSGT Helmi also denied making any inducement or promise 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 9.

and denied having said the words “it depends on what you say” (ie, SSGT
Helmi’s Inducement). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 20.

It is SSGT Helmi’s testimony that if Ansari had provided information that was
“substantial and evidential to the case” outside of the recording of a
contemporaneous statement, SSGT Helmi would have recorded it down in his field
diary. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 16.

If such substantial and credible information to the case had been volunteered
by Ansari during the recording of a contemporaneous statement, he would have
recorded it in his pocket book. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 19.

However, as for all other irrelevant information, SSGT Helmi testified that he
would not have recorded it down. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 16.

SSGT Helmi also testified that before recording the first contemporaneous
statement, the only conversation that took place between SSGT Helmi and Ansari
was SSGT Helmi’s serving of the Mandatory Death Penalty notice to Ansari from
1.05pm to 1.15pm, according to his field diary. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 13.

At 1.20pm, SSGT Helmi recorded the first contemporaneous statement.

Threat, Inducement or Promise

29 The case of Chai Chien Wei Kelvin held that the test for voluntariness
involves both an objective element and a subjective element (at [53]):

…The test of voluntariness is applied in a manner which is partly objective
and partly subjective. The objective limb is satisfied if there is a threat,
inducement or promise, and the subjective limb when the threat, inducement or
promise operates on the mind of the particular accused through hope of escape
or fear of punishment connected with the charge…

30 I find that the alleged SSGT Helmi’s Inducement, if in fact made, could
have operated as an inducement under both the objective and subjective limbs
of the test in Chai Chien Wei Kelvin. There is a reasonable basis for Ansari’s
understanding of SSGT Helmi’s Inducement as being an inducement to him to make
the positive statement that he did, in the hope that Bella would be let off.

31 The prosecution submits that the words, “it depends on what you say” could
not be construed objectively as an inducement as the words are unclear as to
what was required of Ansari, such as to give a statement at all, to tell the
truth, or to tell a certain version of facts. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Prosecution’s Ancillary Hearing Submissions at para 23.

Alternatively, the prosecution also submits that Ansari’s interpretation of
SSGT Helmi’s Inducement that CNB would let Bella go if Ansari had taken
responsibility for the drugs was a self-perceived inducement, which cannot in
law amount to an inducement within the meaning of s 258(3) of the CPC: Lu Lai
Heng v PP [1994] 1 SLR(R) 1037 at [19]. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Prosecution’s Ancillary Hearing Submissions at para 26.

32 However, I reject the prosecution’s submissions when considering the
context in which SSGT Helmi’s Inducement was made. SSGT Helmi’s Inducement was
made in the context of Ansari having first begged SSGT Helmi to “let Bella go
because she was not involved in the case”, to which SSGT Helmi responded, “it
depends on what you say”, which was very shortly after Ansari and Bella had
been arrested with the Drugs found in the Car.

33 I find that the most obvious and natural meaning of the reply “it depends
on what you say” in response to Ansari’s alleged begging to “let Bella go
because she was not involved in the case”, prior to the recording of the
Contemporaneous Statement, would mean that Ansari had to give a positive
statement by taking full responsibility for the Drugs found in the Car in
order for Bella to be let go. This is consistent with Ansari’s own subjective
understanding and interpretation of SSGT Helmi’s statement, which is that if
he (ie, Ansari) had taken responsibility for the Drugs, the CNB officers would
let Bella go. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 59.

The meaning of the words, “it depends on what you say” is not as unclear as
the prosecution submits, when the words of SSGT Helmi’s Inducement, tied in
with the context in which they were allegedly uttered, begets an objective
inducement of Ansari to incriminate himself for the Drugs found in the Car in
order for Bella to be let off.

34 The words “it depends on what you say” could also not possibly have meant
that what was required of Ansari was merely that he had to give a statement
(ie, whether positive, negative or mixed), as the prosecution had suggested as
an alternative interpretation of the words. First, the alleged SSGT Helmi’s
Inducement was phrased, “it depends on what you say”, and not “it depends on
whether you say anything”. The former makes specific reference to the contents
of Ansari’s subsequent statements, rather than whether or not Ansari made
subsequent statements at all. Second, a logical inference of the words in that
context could not have meant that Ansari just had to give a statement. Giving
a statement, especially if it is a completely negative statement, would have
been of little utility to a CNB officer. If Ansari were to deny complete
responsibility for the Drugs found in the Car, how then would Bella be let
off? Nobody would then be responsible for the Drugs found. An objective
interpretation of SSGT Helmi’s Inducement in that context is that Ansari would
be required to sufficiently assist the CNB in a manner that justified allowing
Bella to be let go. In other words, SSGT Helmi had strongly hinted that if
Ansari were to give a positive statement taking full responsibility for the
Drugs found in the Car, then Ansari’s plea to him to let Bella go might be
acceded to.

35 It is also irrelevant whether in fact SSGT Helmi had the authority to let
Bella off as long as the inducement had sufficiently operated on the mind of
Ansari to give Ansari reasonable grounds to believe or suppose that his plea
for Bella to be let go would be attended to if he had cooperated and taken
full responsibility for the Drugs found in the Car. This is not a wholly self-
perceived inducement on the part of Ansari. It is a clear inducement
proceeding from SSGT Helmi that falls within the meaning of s 258(3) of the
CPC. Since the alleged SSGT Helmi’s Inducement in response to Ansari’s begging
SSGT Helmi to “let Bella go” would objectively involve a quid pro quo, I
reject the prosecution’s proposition that SSGT Helmi’s Inducement could have
been a form of self-perceived inducement.

36 For the above reasons, I find that the alleged SSGT Helmi’s Inducement, had
it been made, would have objectively been an inducement that would have
subjectively operated on the mind of Ansari to render the Contemporaneous
Statements involuntary.

Whether SSGT Helmi’s Inducement was in fact made

37 Evaluating the evidence in its totality, I have a reasonable doubt that
both the plea from Ansari to SSGT Helmi to let Bella go and SSGT Helmi’s
Inducement in response were not made.

38 I find it quite hard to believe that Ansari would not have raised any
concerns about Bella with the recording officer at all. Ansari, who was 43
years old at the time of the alleged offence, was significantly older than
Bella, who was in her early twenties. Given their age difference, the fact
that Bella had a 3-year old daughter from Indonesia whom she was responsible
for, Ansari witnessing Bella crying and Ansari being the reason for Bella’s
presence in Singapore, it is entirely reasonable that Ansari, as Bella’s
boyfriend, would have felt protective, responsible and guilty over Bella’s
situation. It would have been perfectly natural for Ansari to have asked SSGT
Helmi to “let her go”. Ansari’s testimony that he begged SSGT Helmi to “please
let Bella go. She is my girlfriend. She does not know anything about these
drugs” is not something that I could readily dismiss as being untruthful or
unlikely. I would expect emotions within Ansari to well up and his concern for
Bella to be rather strong at that time after their arrest. I would find it
rather unusual if Ansari had made no attempt whatsoever to seek the help of
the recording officer to have Bella let off as according to Ansari, Bella was
not involved at all with the Drugs found in the Car.

39 I find that the defence has managed to cast a reasonable doubt on the
prosecution’s case that Ansari had never raised any request in relation to
letting Bella go and therefore no response was in fact made by SSGT Helmi to
that non-existent request. Accordingly, I hold that the prosecution has not
proved beyond a reasonable doubt that the plea from Ansari to SSGT Helmi to
let Bella go and SSGT Helmi’s Inducement were not made and that the
Contemporaneous Statements are therefore wholly voluntary. I rule that both
Contemporaneous Statements are inadmissible for the purposes of the main
trial.

The Non-Contemporaneous Statements

Ansari’s Testimony

40 In relation to the Non-Contemporaneous Statements recorded by SI Fathli,
Ansari testified that he had been induced by SI Fathli to give the Non-
Contemporaneous Statements to cooperate with CNB in order to let Bella go. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 63.

41 Sometime before Ansari met SI Fathli to give his 25 March 2016 Statement,
Ansari had seen Bella along the corridor of the “[pre/post] medical area”, in
fear and feeling sad. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 62.

This made him feel disappointed and aggrieved that Bella was in that
condition. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 62.

42 On 25 March 2016 at or about 3.00am, Ansari was brought to Interview Room 3
of Police Cantonment Complex Lock-up to give his 25 March 2016 Statement and
he was handed over to SI Fathli. Ansari testified that when he entered the
interview room, SI Fathli was the only person in the room. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 62.

No interpreter was present. Thereafter, Ansari testified that he had begged
Fathli “to let Bella go, Bella my girlfriend, because she’s not involved in
this.” 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 63.

Fathli had allegedly replied, “[s]o far you have been [cooperative]. So if you
continue cooperating, we will let Bella go”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 63.

Ansari testified that thereafter, the Malay interpreter, Mr Mohammad Farhan
bin Sani (“Mr Farhan”), entered the room. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 63.

SI Fathli then started to record Ansari’s 25 March 2016 Statement at 3.08am.

43 It is Ansari’s testimony that he was induced by SI Fathli’s Inducement to
make the Non-Contemporaneous Statements and he cooperated with the CNB
officers with the objective of letting Bella go and hence he “[admitted] to
the allegations”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 64.

SI Fathli Testimony

44 On the other hand, SI Fathli denied that Ansari had told him in Malay,
“Please help Bella. She does not know about the drugs”, or words to that
effect. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 47.

SI Fathli also denied uttering SI Fathli’s Inducement, or words to that
effect. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 47.

45 SI Fathli initially testified that he and Mr Farhan would have gone down to
the lock-up together to the interview room. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 45.

The normal process would be to meet the interpreter in the office that they
both shared first, and then head down to the lock-up together. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 45.

However, SI Fathli later admitted that he could not recall whether he had met
the interpreter straight at the lock-up of the Police Cantonment Complex on 25
March 2016. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 45.

46 SI Fathli initially denied that he and Ansari were alone in the interview
room for a short while before the recording of the 25 March 2016 Statement.
Then SI Fathli admitted that he was “quite positive that it never happened” 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 47.

and that he “could not recall exactly that it did not happen”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 47.

SI Fathli also subsequently clarified that he could not recall whether he and
the interpreter went into the interview room first before Ansari arrived on 25
March 2016. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 49.

SI Fathli also did not note down who arrived first or whether he arrived
together with Mr Farhan in his investigation diary. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 49.

47 Subsequently, SI Fathli changed his testimony again, testifying that “from
my recollection, I came down, I arrived at the lock-up together with [the
interpreter]” as Mr Farhan was in the same office as him. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 50.

Therefore, he confirmed that they would have met in the office and gone down
to the lock-up together. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 51.

However, upon further cross-examination, SI Fathli conceded that there was no
system for CNB interpreters to be on 24-hour standby in their office. Since
the time of the statement recording was around 3.00am in the morning, Mr
Farhan would not have been in the office at the time. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 53.

SI Fathli would have had to request for Mr Farhan’s assistance before the
statement recording, and he would have been at home or outside the office. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 53.

SI Fathli finally admitted that he could not recall exactly whether he first
met with Mr Farhan at the office to head down together to the lock-up, or met
Mr Farhan at the lock-up on 25 March 2016. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 53.

SI Fathli testified that even if he had arrived at the lock-up before Mr
Farhan, he would have waited for the interpreter before entering the interview
room together to interview Ansari. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 55.

Mr Farhan’s Testimony

48 Mr Farhan also testified that he could not remember who first arrived at
the interview room on 25 March 2016. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 41.

Police Station Diary

49 After the parties completed their submissions on the voir dire, I asked for
the lock-up diary (“Police Station Diary”) to be produced in relation to the
movements of Ansari, SI Fathli and Mr Farhan at or about the time of the
commencement of the recording of the 25 March 2016 Statement. The Police
Station Diary when produced only showed the movements of Ansari but not that
of SI Fathli or Mr Farhan. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Exhibit 1T-P7.

Hence the Police Station Diary is not helpful in determining whether SI Fathli
and Ansari could have been alone together in Interview Room 3 of Police
Cantonment Complex Lock-up for a short period of time prior to the arrival of
Mr Farhan for the recording of the 25 March 2016 Statement.

Whether SI Fathli’s Inducement was in fact made

50 After considering all the evidence, I find that the prosecution has not
established beyond a reasonable doubt that SI Fathli’s Inducement was not in
fact made.

51 From the testimonies of SI Fathli and Mr Farhan, I find that a reasonable
doubt exists as to whether or not SI Fathli and Ansari could have been alone
in the interview room for a short while prior to the statement recording on 25
March 2016. This was when the alleged SI Fathli’s Inducement could have been
made. First, SI Fathli could not recall whether he and Mr Farhan had first met
at the office before heading down to the lock-up, or met straight at the lock-
up. Second, neither Mr Farhan nor SI Fathli could confirm who first arrived at
the interview room on 25 March 2016. Third, this information was also not
recorded in SI Fathli’s investigation diary. Notably, SI Fathli testified that
even if he had arrived first at the lock-up, he would have waited for Mr
Farhan before interviewing Ansari together. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 55.

However, I do not find SI Fathli’s testimony reliable on this due to the
vacillations in his testimony and his inability to recall clearly the events
preceding the taking of the cautioned statement early in the morning of 25
March 2016.

52 SI Fathli’s testimony is also not credible for the following reasons.
First, SI Fathli’s oscillating testimony regarding the events prior to the
recording of the 25 March 2016 statement is rather suspect. It was only after
it was pointed out to him that Mr Farhan could not possibly have been on
standby in the interpreter’s office at 3.00am in the morning that he admitted
that he could not recall whether or not he had met Mr Farhan before heading
down to the lock-up. Second, I observe that SI Fathli did not genuinely apply
his mind to recall the events that occurred on 25 March 2016 before answering
the questions on the stand. There were many instances during SI Fathli’s
testimony whereby he replied to questions with quick affirmative or negative
answers in rapid succession as if he was merely going through the motions: 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Transcript 27 August 2019 at pp 40–41.

Q Did---in the recording of this statement, did you make any threat,
inducement or promise to the accused?

A No, Your Honour.

Q And since you are fluent in the Malay language, did the interpreter, Mr
Farhan, make any threat, inducement or promise to the accused?

A No, Your Honour.

Q Was this statement recorded under oppressive conditions?

A No, Your Honour.

Q Did the accused raise any complaint whatsoever at any point in time during
the recording of this statement?

A No, Your Honour.

Q Did you detect if the accused was feeling uncomfortable or unwell at any
point in time when you recorded this statement?

A No, Your Honour.

Q Was this statement provided by the accused voluntarily?

A Yes, Your Honour.

Q And did anything out of the ordinary happen in the recording of this
statement?

A No, Your Honour.

53 Third, it is SI Fathli’s testimony that Ansari had not uttered the words
“Please help Bella. She does not know about the drugs” in Malay, or words to
that effect and SI Fathli denied uttering SI Fathli’s Inducement. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 47.

Given the situation that Ansari was in, after seeing Bella in the corridor, it
is more likely than not for Ansari to have uttered those words to seek
reprieve for Bella. If SI Fathli’s testimony were to be accepted, then it is
rather odd that Ansari, given the feelings he had at that time for Bella,
never sought any help at all for his girlfriend. It would be natural for
Ansari to beg SI Fathli about his girlfriend after seeing Bella in the
corridor. I do note however that several days later, Ansari did not appear to
be as protective of Bella as before because Ansari implicated Bella in
relation to the drugs found in the flat in two much later statements (ie, the
31 March 2016 Statement and the 4 April 2016 Statement). Nevertheless, I find
that a reasonable doubt still exists as to whether SI Fathli’s Inducement was
in fact made six and ten days earlier respectively on 25 March 2016 before the
statement was recorded and when both SI Fathli and Ansari were allegedly alone
in the interview room prior to the arrival of the interpreter. This is
primarily due to my assessment of Ansari’s testimony being more credible than
that of SI Fathli’s testimony, coupled with a reasonable possibility that SI
Fathli and Ansari were alone in the interview room for a short while before
the 25 March 2016 Statement could have been recorded, whereby Ansari had the
opportunity to and did plead with SI Fathli about letting Bella off and SI
Fathli’s Inducement was then uttered. Accordingly, I find that the prosecution
has not proven beyond a reasonable doubt that SI Fathli’s Inducement was not
in fact made.

Threat, Inducement or Promise

Objective Limb

54 I now turn to whether SI Fathli’s Inducement operated as an inducement.

55 In Cheng Heng Lee and another v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 747 at
[30], the Court of Appeal held that had the investigating officer truly told
the accused, “You better cooperate with me and I will help you. If not, you
will surely hang”, the accused’s subsequent statement would have been
inadmissible as it was caused by an inducement. Similarly, I find that the
words “so far you have been cooperative. So if you continue cooperating, we
will let Bella go” would objectively be an inducement for Ansari to inculpate
himself, in return for letting Bella go. The prosecution also agreed that, had
SI Fathli’s Inducement been made, it would have amounted to an objective
inducement. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript 29 August 2019 at p 10.

Subjective Limb

56 The next issue is whether or not SI Fathli’s Inducement had subjectively
operated on the mind of Ansari when he made the Non-Contemporaneous
Statements. The prosecution submits that because Ansari had continued to
incriminate Bella in the 31 March 2016 Statement and the 4 April 2016
Statement despite the fact that SI Fathli’s Inducement had been made, SI
Fathli’s Inducement did not subjectively operate on the mind of Ansari. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Prosecution’s Ancillary Hearing Submissions at para 30.

57 I first turn to interpreting the meaning of the words “continue
cooperating” used in SI Fathli’s Inducement and how the words would have
subjectively operated on Ansari’s mind. Having considered the universe of
possibilities of the meaning of the words “continue cooperating”, the natural
inference from the words “continue cooperating” would refer to Ansari
inculpating himself in the Non-Contemporaneous Statements. It could not
possibly mean that SI Fathli would have let Bella go if Ansari had given a
statement that exculpated himself. In relation to Bella’s involvement, the
words “continue cooperating” probably could not have meant requiring or asking
Ansari to exculpate Bella in his statement. Finally, the words “continue
cooperating”, on their own, might have included requiring Ansari to inculpate
Bella in his statements. However, considering the context of the words
“continue cooperating” as a quid pro quo for “letting Bella go”, it would be
inherently self-contradictory for the words “continue cooperating” to mean
requiring Ansari to inculpate Bella in his statements, in order for the CNB
officers to “let Bella go … because she’s not involved in this”. Further, the
word “continue” also necessarily implies that Ansari had previously
“cooperated”. No evidence has been placed before this court to show that
Ansari had previously inculpated Bella in the Contemporaneous Statements prior
to SI Fathli’s Inducement on 25 March 2016 such that he was also to continue
in his cooperation by continuing to inculpate Bella. The obvious and logical
interpretation of “continue cooperating” would be to require Ansari to
continue inculpating himself at the minimum, and not so much with reference to
Bella. After all, Ansari testified that he had made the Non-Contemporaneous
Statements with the objective of letting Bella go because she was not involved
and he therefore cooperated with CNB officers by admitting to “what [Ansari]
had been accused of”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 64.

58 In this respect, I find the fact that Ansari had incriminated Bella in the
31 March 2016 Statement and the 4 April 2016 Statement to be a neutral factor
in determining whether Ansari had in fact “continued cooperating” in terms of
continuing to implicate himself in his Non-Contemporaneous Statements, in
order to show that SI Fathli’s Inducement had subjectively operated on
Ansari’s mind. In other words, what is more crucial for the subjective limb of
Chai Chien Wei Kelvin is whether Ansari had continued to incriminate himself
in the contents of the Non-Contemporaneous Statements, which Ansari testified
to having done so in his Non-Contemporaneous Statements. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 64.

Parties however did not produce the Statements themselves in the voir dire to
show that Ansari did in fact keep his side of the bargain in cooperating with
CNB and continuing to take responsibility for all the Drugs found.

59 I turn now to Ansari’s incrimination of Bella in the 31 March 2016
Statement and the 4 April 2016 Statement. The main relevance of Ansari’s
incrimination of Bella only in these later statements is in assessing whether
SI Fathli’s Inducement had continued to subjectively operate on Ansari’s mind.
What was Ansari’s true motive for making each of these two later Non-
Contemporaneous Statements? I do accept that there can be multiple reasons for
an accused to make a statement. Over time, these reasons can also change.
Ansari admitted that a second reason for cooperating with CNB and “giving
[his] statements accordingly” was to obtain the Certificate of Substantive
Assistance. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 63.

Ansari admitted that, in his bid to obtain the Certificate of Substantive
Assistance, he had given information that incriminated Bella. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 75.

I observe that Ansari was not as protective of Bella now, as demonstrated by
his inculpation of Bella in the 31 March 2016 Statement and the 4 April 2016
Statement. His motive of self-preservation by getting the Certificate of
Substantive Assistance assumed far greater importance and had overcome his
motive of protecting Bella pursuant to SI Fathli’s Inducement. Ansari’s
incrimination of Bella in the 31 March 2016 Statement and the 4 April 2016
Statement suggests that the effect of SI Fathli’s Inducement to “let Bella go”
had dissipated and no longer subjectively operated on Ansari’s mind on 31
March 2016 and 4 April 2016. After all, the 31 March 2016 Statement and the 4
April 2016 Statement were made six and ten days after SI Fathli’s Inducement
respectively. It is crucial to consider when the inducement was made: Jeffrey
Pinsler, Evidence and the Litigation Process (LexisNexis, 6th Edition, 2017)
at para 5.031.

60 I find that it is more likely that Ansari’s making of the 31 March 2016
Statement and the 4 April 2016 Statement, where he had incriminated Bella, was
incentivised by the hope of obtaining the Certificate of Substantive
Assistance for himself, as he had admitted. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Transcript 28 August 2019 at p 75.

This was his true motive, and it had eclipsed the effect of SI Fathli’s
Inducement. It is inherently incoherent for Ansari to suggest that he had been
induced by SI Fathli’s Inducement to make the 31 March 2016 Statement and the
4 April 2016 Statement in order to “let Bella go” because she was not
involved, and yet Ansari chose to incriminate the very person he had sought to
“let go” in those statements themselves.

61 For the foregoing reasons, I find that SI Fathli’s Inducement did not
subjectively operate on Ansari’s mind any longer on 31 March 2016 and 4 April
2016. SI Fathli’s Inducement did not operate as an inducement for Ansari to
make the 31 March 2016 Statement and the 4 April 2016 Statement. Hence, I find
that the 31 March 2016 Statement and the 4 April 2016 Statement were
voluntarily made and admissible. However, I still find that SI Fathli’s
Inducement did operate as an inducement for Ansari’s making of the much
earlier 25 March 2016 Statement and 30 March 2016 Statement. I am not
satisfied that the voluntariness of the 25 March 2016 Statement and 30 March
2016 Statement had been proven beyond a reasonable doubt and hence I find them
to be inadmissible.

Conclusion

62 In conclusion, I find that the prosecution has not proven beyond a
reasonable doubt that the two Contemporaneous Statements recorded by SSGT
Helmi on 24 March 2016 and the two Non-Contemporaneous Statements recorded by
SI Fathli on 25 March 2016 and 30 March 2016 had been made voluntarily. Hence,
they are inadmissible. However, I find that the prosecution has proven beyond
a reasonable doubt that the two Non-Contemporaneous Statements recorded by SI
Fathli on 31 March 2016 and 4 April 2016 had been voluntarily made and are
thus admissible.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Terence Chua, Nicholas Wuan and Regina Lim (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the Prosecution;  
Ramesh Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary) and Chenthil Kumar Kumarasingam (Oon & Bazul
LLP) for the first accused;  
Michael Chia, Hany Soh (MSC Law Corporation) and Sankar s/o Saminathan
(Sterling Law Corporation) for the second accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

