Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 135

Suit No 436 of 2010 (Registrar’s Appeal No 290 of 2018)

Between

| Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Jimmy Lee Xin Ben, formerly trading as Plafometal Panel System  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

And

| Serangoon Gardens Country Club  
---|---  
  
… Garnishee

Grounds of Decision

[Credit and Security] — [Remedies] — [Garnishee orders] — [Garnishee issued
cheque to judgment debtor to discharge debt before garnishee order served] —
[Whether garnishee under obligation to stop payment on cheque]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Lee Xin Ben Jimmy (Serangoon Gardens Country Club, garnishee)

[2019] SGHC 135

High Court — Suit No 436 of 2010 (Registrar’s Appeal No 290 of 2018)13
December 2018; 25 March 2019

27 May 2019

Audrey Lim JC:

Introduction

1 These proceedings arose out of attempts by Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd
(“the Plaintiff”) to attach various sums which it alleged were due from
Serangoon Gardens Country Club (“SGCC”) to Jimmy Lee (“the Defendant”), in
satisfaction of a judgment granted to the Plaintiff against the Defendant. The
Plaintiff obtained two provisional garnishee orders to show cause. The first
garnishee order (“First GO”) was issued on 23 July 2018 and served on SGCC on
30 July 2018. The second garnishee order (“Second GO”) was issued on 16 August
2018 and served on SGCC on 17 August 2018. Both provisional garnishee orders
were subsequently discharged by the registrar. The Plaintiff appealed and I
dismissed the appeal.

2 An issue that arose is whether a garnishee who has handed a cheque to the
judgment debtor to discharge a debt that is due to the latter, and who is
subsequently served with a garnishee order, is obliged to stop payment on the
cheque upon receiving notice of the garnishee order.

The parties’ cases

First garnishee order

3 In relation to the First GO, the Plaintiff claimed that the attachable debt
was that due from SGCC to the Defendant to pay for the latter’s performance on
27 July 2018 (“the July Performance”) as well as expenditure already incurred
by him for upcoming performances on 16 and 17 August 2018 (“the August
Performances”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions (11 Dec 2018) (“PSS”), paras 2 and 12(3).

The Defendant worked freelance as an Elvis Presley impersonator.

4 SGCC claimed that there was no debt due or owing from it to the Defendant
relating to the July Performance. It had engaged the Defendant via a quotation
dated 12 October 2017 for him to perform at its premises on 27 July 2018 for
$9,200 (“First Quotation”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Adrian Chew’s (“Chew’s”) affidavit (10 Aug 2018), para 8 and exhibit CKL-1.

Based on the First Quotation, half of the sum was payable on confirmation by
the Defendant and the balance on performance night.

5 Adrian Chew (“Chew”), SGCC’s acting general manager, stated that $4,600 was
paid to the Defendant in February 2018 and the remaining $4,600 was handed
over to the Defendant on 27 July 2018 after the July performance, by way of a
cheque dated 10 July 2018 (“the DBS Cheque”) and made out to Judy Chong
(“Judy”), the Defendant’s wife. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Chew’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), paras 21–22, 26–27 and exhibits CKL-8 and
CKL-9.

On 30 July 2018 (Monday) at about 12 noon, SGCC was served with the First GO
which was delivered to its front reception. This matter was immediately
escalated to the senior management who sought legal advice that evening. The
next day, SGCC tried to stop payment of the cheque but before any instructions
were issued to the bank, SGCC discovered by checking its electronic records
with the bank that the cheque had been cleared on 30 July 2018. SGCC produced
its DBS bank statement reflecting the debit of $4,600 on its account on 30
July 2018. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Chew’s affidavit (23 Aug 2018), paras 11–13 and exhibit CKL-3; Chew’s
affidavit (11 Jan 2019), exhibit CLK-9.

6 The Plaintiff claimed that the First Quotation was only in respect of
reimbursement by SGCC to the Defendant for his costs and expenditure for the
July Performance, rather than for his performance fees, commission or share of
profits (which the Plaintiff alleged the Defendant was entitled to separately
under a purported overarching master agreement (“the 2016 Agreement”)). Any
terms regarding the Defendant’s provision of services to SGCC would have been
set out in the 2016 Agreement. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Koh Hwee Keng’s (“Koh’s”) affidavit (17 Oct 2018), paras 4 and 8; 25/3/19
Minute Sheet.

The existence of the 2016 Agreement was supported by a statement by Judy for
an interpleader summons (“Judy’s Statement”) that the Defendant has been
engaged by SGCC since 2016 to perform and would get fees and reimbursement for
doing so, and that she would get a fee from SGCC for managing the Defendant’s
performances. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Koh’s affidavit (13 Aug 2018), para 5(4) and p 22 at para 17; Koh’s affidavit
(17 Oct 2018), para 4.

The Plaintiff claimed that SGCC was due to pay the Defendant $20,000 for
producing the July Performance, and that the DBS Cheque issued to Judy’s name
was not for payment for the Defendant’s work. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Koh’s affidavit (17 Oct 2018), paras 6 and 8.

In any event, SGCC was obliged to stop the cheque from being cleared (and
encashed) and failed to do so. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Koh’s affidavit (17 Oct 2018), paras 9–10.

Second garnishee order

7 In relation to the Second GO, the Plaintiff claimed that the attachable debt
was that due from SGCC to the Defendant for the August Performances.

8 SGCC again claimed that there was no debt due or owing from it to the
Defendant relating to the August Performances. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Chew’s affidavit (10 Aug 2018), paras 14–18 and CKL-2.

It had engaged the Defendant via a quotation dated 25 January 2018 to perform
on the nights of 16 and 17 August 2018 for $18,000 (“Second Quotation”). Based
on the Second Quotation, half of the sum was to be paid upon confirmation of
the quotation and the balance on performance night. SGCC paid the Defendant
the first $9,000 sometime in May 2018. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Chew’s affidavit (10 Aug 2018), para 16.

9 However, on 1 August 2018, the Defendant informed SGCC that he would not be
able to deliver the August Performances. Due to the Defendant’s breach, SGCC
terminated the agreement 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Chew’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), CKL-11, pp 46–47.

and was thus not obliged to make the balance $9,000 payment to the Defendant.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Chew’s affidavit (10 Aug 2018), para 17.

Thus, when SGCC was served the Second GO on 17 August 2018, there was no debt
due or accruing from SGCC to the Defendant anymore in respect of the August
Performances.

10 Chew explained that nevertheless the show had to go on because SGCC’s
members had already bought tickets, and it thus engaged one Abdul Ghani (at
the Defendant’s recommendation) to carry out the works to ensure the August
Performances would proceed. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Chew’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), paras 35–36 and CKL-11, p 46.

SGCC engaged Abdul Ghani for $9,000 and paid him on 17 August 2018 (the second
night of the August Performances). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Chew’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), para 41 and CKL-11, p 48.

Even though the contract with the Defendant had been terminated, he performed
as a “curtain raiser”. He had helped SGCC sell tickets to overseas Elvis
Presley fans and believed there was an expectation that he would perform. He
did this out of passion. SGCC did not pay the Defendant for this performance,
and was unaware of any agreement between the Defendant and Abdul Ghani in
relation to the Defendant’s performance. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Chew’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), paras 45–46.

11 The Plaintiff however claimed that the Second Quotation was not an
agreement between the Defendant and SGCC for the Defendant’s provision of show
production services to SGCC, but was merely for costs and disbursements for
the August Performances. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Koh’s affidavit (17 Oct 2018), paras 11–12.

Even the first $9,000 payment paid in May was for that purpose alone.. The
Defendant was entitled (under the 2016 Agreement) to a commission or profits
from SGCC for the August Performances and these were not reflected in the
Second Quotation. Hence, SGCC was in fact due to pay the Defendant another
$40,000 for producing and performing at the August Performances. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Koh’s affidavit (17 Oct 2018), paras 13–14.

12 The Plaintiff also claimed that SGCC had helped the Defendant to evade
payment of monies due to the Plaintiff pursuant to the First and Second GOs.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Koh’s affidavit (17 Oct 2018), paras 15–17.

SGCC had made it seem as if it had cancelled the August Performances even
though it had paid the Defendant the first $9,000 in May 2018. The Defendant
in fact performed on 16 and 17 August 2018. This was evident from his Facebook
page advertising the performances; the Facebook posts of his friend containing
photographs showing the Defendant performing at SGCC; and information from the
Plaintiff’s solicitor (Ms Lee) that she had seen the Defendant performing
onstage with the star performer on 17 August when she was there to serve the
Second GO. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Koh’s affidavit (17 Oct 2018), para 13(6).

Hence, SGCC’s termination of its contract with the Defendant and appointment
of Abdul Ghani in lieu was a sham to evade payment to the Plaintiff pursuant
to the Second GO. The Plaintiff claimed that Abdul Ghani was the Defendant’s
agent appointed to receive the remaining $9,000 on the Defendant’s behalf. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PSS, paras 25 and 26.

My decision

13 The legal burden is on the judgment creditor to prove that there is a debt
due and accruing from the garnishee to the judgment debtor, even if a
provisional garnishee order has been obtained: The State-Owned Company
Yugoimport SDPR (also known as Jugoimport-SDPR) v Westacre Investments Inc and
other appeals [2016] 5 SLR 372 at [81]–[82]. I found that the Plaintiff had
not been able to prove this in relation to both the First and Second GOs.

First garnishee order

Existence of the 2016 Agreement

14 The Plaintiff asserted that there was a 2016 Agreement and an on-going
contractual relationship between SGCC and the Defendant. The Plaintiff relied
on paragraph 17 of Judy’s Statement where she had stated that “[s]ince 2016,
[the Defendant] had been engaged by [SGCC] to ‘produce’ two shows a year”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Koh’s affidavit (13 Aug 2018), p 22, para 17.

I rejected the Plaintiff’s assertion. Judy’s Statement did not assist the
Plaintiff. It did not expressly state that SGCC and the Defendant had entered
into a master (or any) agreement whereby the Defendant had agreed to provide
two shows a year to SGCC, for a number of years.

15 On the contrary, the evidence showed on balance that no such 2016 Agreement
existed. The manner in which the Defendant was engaged militated against the
existence of the 2016 Agreement. Chew deposed that the Defendant was engaged
by way of simple quotations rendered for each engagement or performance. This
is supported by the First Quotation which was for the July Performance and a
Second Quotation for the August Performances. I also rejected the Plaintiff’s
assertion that the supporting documents pertaining to the July and August
Performances – issued and signed long before the garnishee orders were served
on SGCC – were fabricated by SGCC to evade its obligations to the Plaintiff in
these proceedings. I accepted SGCC’s explanation that if there was a master
agreement or 2016 Agreement (of which there was none) 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Chew’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), para 12.

, SGCC would not need to issue a quotation each time it wished to engage the
Defendant. Chang Yee Ling (SGCC’s Office Manager) also deposed that she had
never informed the Plaintiff’s lawyer that there was any master agreement
between SGCC and the Defendant, contrary to the Plaintiff’s allegations. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Chang Yee Ling’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), paras 4–5.

16 Accordingly, the Plaintiff’s claim that the 2016 Agreement or a master
agreement existed is but a bare assertion. In any case its claim that SGCC was
due to pay the Defendant at least $20,000 is pure conjecture as it did not
provide any basis to support this figure.

Reimbursement and performance or production fees

17 As I found that no 2016 Agreement or master agreement existed, the
Plaintiff’s attempt to distinguish between reimbursement for costs and
expenditure incurred by the Defendant (supposedly provided for in the First
Quotation) and payment for performing or producing the show (supposedly
governed by the 2016 Agreement) could not succeed. Regardless, I dealt with
the Plaintiff’s claims for completeness.

18 The Plaintiff asserted that the $4,600 paid via the DBS Cheque was for
reimbursement of costs and expenditure incurred by the Defendant for the July
Performance, and not payment for performing or producing the show. It relied
on paragraph 17 of Judy’s Statement, whereby she had stated that “[the
Defendant] would get reimbursement for all the costs and expenditure plus a
$1,000 fee for performing on stage and [Judy] would get a $1,000 fee for [her]
work in managing it”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Koh’s affidavit (13 Aug 2018), p 22, para 17.

The Plaintiff also pointed to how the DBS Cheque was issued in Judy’s name,
and dated 10 July 2018 when the July Performance only took place on 27 July
2018.

19 Again, I rejected the Plaintiff’s assertion which was unsupported by
evidence. Its reliance on Judy’s Statement was misplaced. The Plaintiff’s
point that Judy would get a fee from SGCC 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Koh’s affidavit (17 Oct 2018), para 4.

for managing the Defendant’s performances was not borne out by Judy’s
Statement, as she did not mention from whom she would obtain a fee. If at all,
whatever she obtained was more likely through some internal arrangement
between her and the Defendant. It is not anyone’s case that Judy and SGCC had
a direct contract with each other. In any case, even based on Judy’s
Statement, the $9,200 paid for the July Performance would have exceeded the
$2,000 mentioned in Judy’s Statement (ie, $1,000 each for the Defendant’s July
Performance and for Judy’s work in managing it) with excess for other
expenditure or purpose (which Judy’s Statement did not, in any event,
elaborate on its amount).

20 Next, that the DBS Cheque was pre-dated did not support the Plaintiff’s
case. I accepted SGCC’s explanation regarding the pre-dating of the cheque. A
payment voucher dated 27 June 2018 had been submitted to SGCC’s finance
department on 28 June 2018, and it then issued a cheque dated 10 July 2018
that was signed on 23 July 2018. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Avelyn Tam’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), para 21.

Avelyn Tam (SGCC’s finance manager) stated that it was common practice for
SGCC to issue cheques that are dated and signed sometime before the scheduled
date of payment, because its cheques had to be signed by two signatories, who
were members of SGCC’s General Committee, and who only went to its premises
about once a week. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Avelyn Tam’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), para 18.

I also accepted Chew’s evidence that the DBS Cheque was handed to the
Defendant on performance night, ie, 27 July 2018. This would accord with the
terms of the First Quotation, and is more likely than not to have been the
case given that the cheque was banked into Judy’s account shortly afterwards
on 30 July 2018.

21 Moreover, that the DBS Cheque was issued in Judy’s name did not add
anything. Chew deposed that the Defendant had previously emailed him on 29
January 2018 (long before the DBS Cheque was prepared) to state that his DBS
account had been compromised and to ask Chew to address the cheque payment to
Judy. Chew attached a copy of that email in support, and I accepted his
explanation that there was no reason for him to disbelieve the Defendant. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Chew’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), para 15(c), CKL-7.

After all, it was not anyone’s case that there was a contractual relationship
between SGCC and Judy in relation to the Defendant’s performances.

22 The Plaintiff also claimed that the Defendant would have been entitled to a
commission and a share of the net profits from the ticket sales for the July
Performance. It relied on the fact that the Defendant had actively advertised
the performance on Facebook and stated that it was sold out. Again, I found
this claim to be without basis, and to have involved a leap of logic by the
Plaintiff. The Defendant’s motive for posting on Facebook was unclear. It
could equally be said that he wanted to publicise himself to gain more work
for future events. The Plaintiff did not obtain any explanation from him.

23 All things considered, I accepted SGCC’s position that the Defendant was
engaged for the July Performance for a total sum of $9,200, which SGCC had
paid in full in two instalments, the second via the DBS Cheque. Hence, when
the First GO was served on SGCC, there was no debt attachable under the GO in
relation to the July Performance, nor in relation to any expenditure which the
Plaintiff claimed that the Defendant had incurred for the August Performances
(of which the Plaintiff had shown no evidence in support). I will return to
the August Performances again.

Whether a garnishee is obliged to stop a cheque

24 The Plaintiff also asserted, in relation to the First GO, that if SGCC
could have stopped payment of the DBS Cheque, it should have done so. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Koh’s affidavit (17 Oct 2018), para 10.

The Plaintiff relied on Cohen v Hale (1878) 3 QBD 371 (“Cohen”). In Cohen, a
garnishee stopped payment of a cheque upon being served with a garnishee
order, and before the cheque was presented by the judgment debtor. The court
held that the garnishee order could be enforced against the garnishee. The
effect of a cheque was only to suspend the judgment debtor’s ability to call
on the debt against the garnishee; if the cheque was stopped or dishonoured,
the judgment debtor’s ability to call on the debt revived, and it was at that
point that there was an attachable debt. Pertinently, Cockburn CJ stated
obiter (at 373) that:

It may be that the garnishee order could not have been made effectual against
[the garnishee] if they had declined to stop the cheque, on the ground that
having given it they had so far pledged themselves that it would not be proper
for them to stop payment of it, but they did not take this course, and by
their direction the cheque was stopped. The suspension of the remedy then
ceased, and the debt remained just as if the cheque had never been given …
[emphasis added]

25 As evident from the above, Cohen did not assist the Plaintiff. The holding
in Cohen did not deal with whether the drawer of a cheque has an obligation to
stop payment after receiving notice of a garnishee order pertaining to the
drawee of the cheque. Further, Cohen suggests that there was no such
obligation.

26 The case of Re Palmer, ex parte Richdale (1882) 19 Ch D 409 (“Richdale”) is
instructive. R had left a cheque (post-dated 28 April) for P on 25 April. P
was adjudicated a bankrupt on 27 April. Notice of the adjudication was sent to
R on the same day, but R took no steps to stop payment of the cheque. The
trustee in bankruptcy applied to the County Court for an order that R should
pay that sum to him. The County Court judge refused the application. On
appeal, Bacon CJ held that when R was given notice (which was before the date
of the cheque), it should have stopped payment on the cheque. The decision was
reversed on further appeal. The Court of Appeal agreed that there was no
obligation on R to stop the cheque (which had been given before R received
notice of the adjudication) for the benefit of a third party. Further, if R
had stopped the cheque, he would run the risk of becoming liable to the bona
fide holder of the cheque for value (at 416–417 and 418–419). Brett LJ held
that the cheque was payment of the original debt and stated as follows (at
417):

The giving of a promissory note, which is a negotiable instrument for a debt,
has the effect of altering the legal position of the debtor with the creditor.
Instead of the creditor being able to sue the debtor for the debt at the
moment, his right to sue is suspended during the currency of the note. The
creditor must wait until the note becomes due, and he must then present it for
payment, and receive payment on the note and not on the original debt, unless
the note is dishonoured while it is in his hands. If the note is dishonoured
he can then sue for the original debt …

27 Subsequently, the Court of Appeal in Elwell v Jackson (1885) 1 TLR 454 (in
affirming the decision of the court below) held that a debt in respect of
which a cheque has been given, but not presented, is not a debt attachable
under a garnishee order. Where a cheque is given by the drawer to the drawee,
there is payment of the debt subject to the debt reviving if the cheque is
subsequently dishonoured.

28 Cohen was also cited in the Canadian case of Bobell Trucking Ltd v Trin-Can
Enterprises Inc [1983] 2 WWR 232, The court held that where a garnishee gives
to a debtor a post-dated cheque which is accepted as payment subject to the
cheque being dishonoured, the debt is no longer accruing due. If the garnishee
is served with a garnishee order after the debtor accepts the cheque, the
garnishee, having been relieved of its liability, need not cancel payment on
the cheque.

29 Hence, where a cheque is handed over by the garnishee to the judgment
debtor for a debt that is due (as in the present case), the debt is not
attachable under a garnishee order even if the cheque is not yet presented for
payment. Where the judgment debtor has accepted the cheque, there is no debt
due or accruing due to him from the drawer of the cheque (the garnishee) that
can be garnished. Furthermore, where a cheque has been issued and handed over
by the garnishee to the judgment debtor to discharge the garnishee’s debt, and
the garnishee is subsequently served with a garnishee order after the debt has
become due (as in the present case), the garnishee is not obliged to stop the
cheque. Should the position be otherwise, the garnishee would be in an
unenviable position of having to decide between, on the one hand, stopping
payment on the cheque and running the risk of being sued on it by the debtor
or the bona fide holder of the cheque for value (as the case may be) and, on
the other hand, doing nothing and running the risk of a claim against it by
the judgment creditor. Either way, the garnishee risks having to pay twice.

30 Hence, applying the above to the facts of the case, SGCC had no obligation
to stop payment on the DBS Cheque, which was given to the Defendant before it
received notice of the First GO. It did not matter that in modern banking,
cheques can be easily stopped (as the Plaintiff argued) as stopping a cheque
would still subject the drawer of the cheque to potential claims from the
drawee on a dishonoured or stopped cheque. Further, because the DBS Cheque was
given by SGCC and accepted by the Defendant, there was no debt due or accruing
due from SGCC to him pertaining to the July Performance that could be
attached. I add that Chew had explained that before SGCC could give
instructions to the bank, it had discovered from checking its electronic
records with the bank that the DBS Cheque had been cleared.

Second garnishee order

31 Following from my finding that the 2016 Agreement did not exist, I rejected
the Plaintiff’s assertion that the sum of $18,000 based on the Second
Quotation was merely for reimbursement of the Defendant’s costs and
disbursements and that SGCC was due to pay him another $40,000 for the August
Performances under the purported 2016 Agreement. In any event, the sum of
$40,000 allegedly owed by SGCC to the Defendant was again wholly speculative
and unsupported by evidence.

32 I found that there was no debt due or accruing due from SGCC to the
Defendant that could be garnished under the Second GO, because the agreement
between them in relation to the August Performances had been terminated and
there was no further amount due from SGCC to the Defendant when the Second GO
was served on SGCC. I rejected the Plaintiff’s assertion that the agreement
between SGCC and the Defendant had never been terminated and that SGCC was
attempting to mislead the Plaintiff into believing that the August
Performances were cancelled to help the Defendant evade payments due under the
Second GO.

33 SGCC’s account of how it terminated the Defendant’s engagement and engaged
Abdul Ghani to carry on with the August Performances was supported by
contemporaneous documentary evidence. On 1 August 2018, the Defendant emailed
SGCC to inform SGCC that in view of the garnishee matters, he was not able to
complete his contract as he would not be able to finance the performers’ fees,
accommodation and other costs. He also suggested that SGCC may wish to engage
another person to see this through. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Chew’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), p 45.

On 3 August 2018, the Defendant emailed SGCC to confirm that he agreed to the
termination of his engagement, and recommended Abdul Ghani to replace him and
continue with the preparation and completion of the August Performances. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Chew’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), p 46.

On 6 August 2018, SGCC wrote to the Defendant to formally inform him of the
termination of his contract with SGCC with immediate effect. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Chew’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), p 47.

SGCC also wrote to Abdul Ghani to confirm his appointment to manage the August
Performances for a total fee of $9,000. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Chew’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), p 48.

SGCC produced a cheque dated 14 August 2018 for $9,000, made in favour of
Abdul Ghani, and Abdul Ghani confirmed by email on 20 September 2018 that he
had received the $9,000 as payment for managing the August Performances. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Chew’s affidavit (23 Aug 2018), p 16; Chew’s affidavit (24 Sept 2018), p 6;
Chew’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), p 50.

34 Further, I rejected the Plaintiff’s allegation that the contract between
SGCC and the Defendant was never terminated, as it did not make sense. If the
allegation were true, SGCC would potentially be exposing itself to double
liability by entering into an agreement with Abdul Ghani for the same
performances whilst the contract between it and the Defendant remained afoot.

35 I also rejected the Plaintiff’s allegation that Abdul Ghani was the
Defendant’s agent to receive the $9,000 from SGCC, as there is no evidence to
suggest that this was the case. On the contrary, the documents, including the
letter of appointment of Abdul Ghani by SGCC, are cogent evidence of his
appointment to replace the Defendant. It would not have assisted the
Plaintiff’s case even if Abdul Ghani were the Defendant’s agent and collected
the cheque for the Defendant. The fact remains that before the Second GO was
served on SGCC, it had handed the cheque to Abdul Ghani on 17 August 2018 (the
second night of the August Performances). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Chew’s affidavit (23 Aug 2018), para 20; Chew’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), para
42.

As I have held, once a cheque is issued by a garnishee to discharge its debt
due to the judgment debtor prior to being served a garnishee order (and this
would equally apply to the judgment debtor’s agent who receives the cheque on
his behalf), it is not obliged to stop payment on the cheque.

36 Finally, that the Defendant performed at the August Performances did not
support the Plaintiff’s case. I accepted Chew’s explanation that the Defendant
had informed Chew that he was doing so for free as there was an expectation he
would perform at that event. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Chew’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), para 45.

I also accepted Chew’s explanation that the August 2018 Performances continued
to be advertised on SGCC’s website as involving the Defendant as a performer,
even though SGCC had terminated its agreement with him, because it failed to
change the information on the website. In any event, the show was going to go
ahead, so the advertisement pertaining to it continued to remain posted on the
website. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Chew’s affidavit (11 Jan 2019), para 39.

37  It did not follow from the fact that the Defendant performed that he was
obliged to do so, or that SGCC owed him money for his performance. SGCC had
already paid half the sum under the Second Quotation to the Defendant in
around May 2018 before the agreement with the Defendant pertaining to the
August Performances was terminated. As for the remaining amount under the
Second Quotation, the obligation to make payment to the Defendant could not
have arisen, whether under the agreement pursuant to the Second Quotation
(which had been terminated) or under the 2016 Agreement (which I found did not
exist).

38 Hence, when the Second GO was served on SGCC, there was no further debt due
or accruing due from SGCC to the Defendant and the Plaintiff’s claim in
respect of the Second GO failed. The Plaintiff’s assertion that SGCC was
colluding with the Defendant or Abdul Ghani to put up a sham arrangement to
avoid paying the Plaintiff was not borne out by the evidence. SGCC would have
stood to gain nothing from attempting to evade the GOs because its liabilities
pertaining to the performances, had they existed, would have fallen due
anyway.

Conclusion

39 In conclusion, I found that the Plaintiff had failed to show that there was
a debt due or accruing due at the time of the First or Second GO. I therefore
dismissed the Plaintiff’s appeal, with costs to SGCC.

  

Lee Nyet Fah Alyssa (Alyssa Lee & Co) for the plaintiff;  
Toh Kok Seng and Chua Huimin, Michelle (Lee & Lee) for the garnishee.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

