Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 273

Criminal Case No 48 of 2019

Between

|  Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Govindarajan s/o Thiruvengadam Uthirapathy  
---|---  
  
Ex tempore JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Attempt to commit
culpable homicide with hurt caused]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Govindarajan s/o Thiruvengadam Uthirapathy

  

  

[2019] SGHC 273

High Court — Criminal Case No 48 of 2019  
Vincent Hoong JC  
25 November 2019

25 November 2019

Vincent Hoong JC (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 The accused person has pleaded guilty to a charge of attempted culpable
homicide with hurt caused under s 308 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev
Ed).

2 Having heard the parties’ submissions, I sentence the accused person to
three years’ and three months’ imprisonment to commence from the date of his
remand.

3 The Prosecution has proposed a sentencing framework for the offence. With
respect, I do not think that this is an appropriate case to set out a
sentencing framework. There are insufficient precedents to demonstrate why the
proposed bands are appropriate. As the Prosecution has noted, the nature of
this offence is fact-intensive. This is borne out by the cases cited which
show that they vary greatly in their factual matrix. I therefore prefer the
approach applied by the Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 684 (“Kwong Kok Hing”), where the court stated at [33] that
“[i]n arriving at an appropriate sentence, a court should almost invariably
consider the relevance of the sentencing considerations of deterrence,
retribution, prevention and rehabilitation”.

4 In the present case, the accused person decided to kill his wife. He went
into the kitchen to retrieve a plastic bag. Without any warning, he then
approached her from behind, and proceeded to suffocate her with the plastic
bag. He only stopped choking the victim when he realised that she had
involuntarily urinated herself and lost consciousness. He observed that she
was breathing and tried to rouse her to no avail. He then proceeded to help
himself to the victim’s properties, and left the flat without checking on her
health. In his medical report, Dr Paul Chui, a senior consultant forensic
pathologist with the Health Sciences Authority, opined that the accused person
would have suffocated the victim with the plastic bag for between 15 seconds
and 3 minutes. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of facts, para 17, Tab D.

5 I agree with the Prosecution that it was only fortuitous that the victim
escaped death. The accused person’s conduct after the offence was also
callous. He exhibited a blatant disregard for the victim’s well-being: after
pawning away the victim’s jewellery, he then made purchases for the woman with
whom he was having an affair. He then decided to leave Singapore, but was
thwarted when he was arrested at the checkpoint.

6 In the circumstances, I agree that general deterrence and specific
deterrence are relevant sentencing considerations in the present case. The law
should not condone violence as a solution to problems, in particular when
severe consequences such as the victim’s death may result. Specific deterrence
is also necessary to remind the accused person that the use of extreme
violence out of anger and vengeance will not be condoned. Furthermore,
retributive justice should be given some weight, given that the accused
person’s assault threatened the victim’s life. It was entirely fortunate that
the victim survived the ordeal. The accused person had no part to play in the
fortuitous outcome, and in fact showed a blatant disregard for her well-being,
as evinced by his conduct after the offence (see Public Prosecutor v BPK
[2018] 5 SLR 755 at [9]–[12]).

7 I have also considered the precedents cited by the Prosecution and the
Defence. While the accused person’s conduct was not as flagrant as the
offenders in Kwong Kok Hing (pushing his ex-girlfriend in the path of an
oncoming train) or in Public Prosecutor v ACI [2009] SGHC 246 (attacking his
mistress with a chopper and throwing her over the third floor parapet, causing
her to fall to the ground floor), what was significant was that the accused
person in this case was not suffering from a mental disorder that attenuated
his culpability. While the defence sought to paint a picture that he was
riddled by his mental condition by referring to medical reports in 2006 and
2007, the accused person himself reported to the Institute of Mental Health
(“IMH”) psychiatrist that he was not depressed prior to the alleged offence.
The IMH report, which was not contradicted by any other report, also showed
that the adjustment disorder which he was diagnosed with had no causal or
contributory link to the alleged offence.

8 Nonetheless, I recognise that the attack in this case was not as aggravated
as in the case of Public Prosecutor v BVS (Criminal Case No 42 of 2018). In
that case, the accused person was remanded for punching his ex-wife in the
face. Upon his release on police bail, he sought his ex-wife out and slashed
her repeatedly in broad daylight, causing her to suffer severe and potentially
permanent injuries, as well as post-traumatic stress disorder. The accused
person’s offence was committed while a personal protection order was in place.
While giving some allowance for the accused person’s mental condition, which
did not have a significant contributory link to his commission of the alleged
offence, Justice Valerie Thean considered that a sentence of five years’
imprisonment for the s 308 offence was appropriate.

9 As explained, there was absolutely no causal or contributory link between
the accused person’s adjustment disorder and the offence in this case. That
the accused person suffers “with poor sleep, low mood and anxiety about his
case” 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mitigation p 43, para 3.

is also not a relevant mitigating factor. As held in Public Prosecutor v Koh
Seah Wee and another [2012] 1 SLR 292 at [64], mental illness arising from
incarceration is induced by an offender’s own criminal acts, and no mitigating
weight ought to be given. The same point was made in Mehra Radhika v Public
Prosecutor [2015] 1 SLR 96.

10 However, I do give some mitigating weight to the remorse that the accused
person has shown in a letter of apology which he wrote to his wife after the
offence. The accused person’s contrition is also corroborated by his daughter.
The court in Public Prosecutor v Wang Jian Bin [2011] SGHC 212 held that some
credit can be given for the accused person’s remorse, which can be reflected
by a genuine apology. Furthermore, the accused person’s wife has forgiven him.
While forgiveness is usually not a mitigating factor, it is relevant if the
“sentence imposed on the offender would aggravate the victim’s distress”
(Public Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 at [57]; Ng Kean Meng Terence v
Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 at [45(a)]). The victim has written that
the accused person’s absence has caused her many sleepless nights, and that it
has affected her health and performance at work. I therefore find that some
mitigating weight ought to be given to the fact that the victim has forgiven
the accused person, and craves his return.

11 The accused person’s plea of guilty is also a relevant mitigating factor.
In this regard, I agree with the Prosecution that the weight to be given ought
to be confined to sparing the victim from the ordeal of having to give
evidence and the saving of costs and time in a trial.

12 However, to be balanced against the above is the theft in dwelling charge,
which is to be taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. This
involves the accused person’s act of stealing the victim’s jewellery and
wallet after he found her to be unconscious. I recognise that some aggravating
weight has been given to the fact that he had behaved callously after the
offence, as seen by his act of stealing the victim’s possessions and
thereafter making plans to leave the country. Nonetheless, given the distinct
nature of the offence, I find that some aggravating weight ought to be given
to the theft in dwelling charge.

13 In totality, having regard to the applicable sentencing principles and the
relevant precedents, as well as the aggravating and mitigating factors in this
case, I find that a sentence of three years’ and three months’ imprisonment is
appropriate.

Vincent Hoong  
Judicial Commissioner

Wong Woon Kwong and Kong Kuek Foo (Attorney-General’s Chambers)  
for the Public Prosecutor;  
Raphael Louis (Ray Louis Law Corporation)  
for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

