Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 34

Originating Summons No 1027 of 2018

  
(

Summons No 187 of 2019)

In the matter of Ozak Seiko (S) Pte Ltd

And

In the matter of Section 216A of the Companies Act (Cap. 50)

Between

| Ozak Seiko Co Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Ozak Seiko (S) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Tan Hock Seng  
  
… Defendants

Originating Summons No 100 of 2019

In the matter of Ozak Seiko (S) Pte Ltd

And

In the matter of Section 216A of the Companies Act (Cap. 50)

Between

| Tan Hock Seng  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Ozak Seiko Co Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Ozak Seiko (S) Pte Ltd  
  
… Respondents

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Companies] — [Members] — [Derivative action]

[Companies] — [Memorandum and articles of association]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ozak Seiko Co Ltd

  

v

  

Ozak Seiko (S) Pte Ltd and another and other matters

[2019] SGHC 34

High Court — Originating Summons No 1027 of 2018 (Summons No 187 of 2019) and
Originating Summons No 100 of 2019 Tan Siong Thye J  
29, 30 January 2019

30 January 2019

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 These are derivative actions commenced separately by the two feuding
directors of Ozak Seiko (S) Pte Ltd (“the Company”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ozak’s Skeletal Submissions for OS 1027/2018 at para 3.

The Company has only two directors, namely, Masakazu Ozaki (“Ozaki”) and Tan
Hock Seng (“Tan”). The shares in the Company are divided equally between Ozak
Seiko Co Ltd (“Ozak”) and Tan. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ozak’s Skeletal Submissions for OS 1027/2018 at paras 9–10.

Ozak, a company incorporated in Japan, was founded by Ozaki and he acts on
behalf of Ozak in these related summonses.

2 It is common knowledge that a company is an inanimate entity with no voice
of its own. It acts and expresses itself through its board of directors.
Unfortunately, the two directors of the Company in this case are in
disagreement. This has manifested itself in the three summonses which are
before the court:

(a) Originating Summons No 1027 of 2018 (“OS 1027/2018”) – Ozak’s application
for leave to commence a derivative action under s 216A of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”) against Tan for breach of his director’s duties;

(b) Originating Summons No 100 of 2019 (“OS 100/2019”) – Tan’s application
for, inter alia, leave to commence a derivative action to defend OS 1027/2018
in the name and on behalf of the Company under s 216A of the CA; and

(c) Summons No 187 of 2019 (“SUM 187/2019”) filed under OS 1027/2018 – Ozak’s
application for, inter alia, a declaration that the Company’s appointment of
PRP Law LLC is defective and void.

Background facts

3 I shall now set out a concise summary of the facts.

4 Ozak is a company registered in Japan that was founded by Ozaki in 1976. It
is in the business of wholesale and distribution of high precision system
linear motion bearings. Prior to the Company’s incorporation in Singapore,
Ozak appointed a distributor in Singapore, SLS Bearings Pte Ltd, a firm
founded by Tan’s elder brother.

5 Sometime in 1993, Tan’s elder brother and Ozaki decided to embark on a joint
venture. The Company was thus incorporated on 2 October 1993. Ozaki, along
with a nominee appointed by Tan’s elder brother, were equal shareholders and
the Company’s only two directors. The Company has at all material times been
involved in the wholesale and distribution of Ozak’s linear motion bearings. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ozaki’s First Affidavit dated 6 August 2018 at paras 5–12.

6 As Ozaki has been based in Japan since the Company’s incorporation, Tan was
hired as an employee to oversee the daily operations of the Company in
Singapore. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Ozaki’s First Affidavit dated 6 August 2018 at paras 13–14.

There was no written employment contract between Tan and the Company. Tan
eventually obtained 50% of the Company’s shares in 2010, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ozak’s Skeletal Submissions for OS 1027/2018 at para 10.

and was appointed a director on 31 December 2014. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ozak’s Skeletal Submissions for OS 1027/2018 at para 30.

7 At this juncture, it should be highlighted that Tan had incorporated his own
company, Shafttech Pte Ltd (“Shafttech”), in 2002. This was after he had been
hired as an employee of the Company. Tan claims that his intention in
incorporating Shafttech was to support the Company’s need for complementary
products. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Tan’s First Affidavit dated 16 November 2018 at paras 5 and 25.

Tan’s involvement with Shafttech and his allegedly wrongful acts (see [9]
below) form the basis of the application in OS 1027/2018. It is not disputed
that Shafttech and the Company shared the same premises at least until 2013. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Tan’s Skeletal Submissions for OS 1027/2018 at para 27.

8 Ozaki contends that he did not know of Tan’s involvement in Shafttech until
early December 2013. Ozaki had purportedly visited Ozak’s Malaysian
distributor in Kuala Lumpur and chanced upon a Shafttech brochure. This
brochure revealed that Shafttech was operating from the same address and used
the same contact details as the Company. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Ozak’s Skeletal Submissions for OS 1027/2018 at para 25.

Ozaki then confronted Tan on 18 November 2014 with a “Correction Document”,
estimating that Tan had caused the Company to suffer losses of at least $2.7m.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Company’s First Affidavit dated 15 November 2018 at p 187.

However, Tan did not compensate the Company for the alleged losses. In fact,
as stated above at [6], Tan was later appointed a director on 31 December
2014. Subsequently, in or around January 2015, Ozak appointed WM Automation
Pte Ltd (“WM Automation”) as the new distributor for Ozak products in
Singapore. The Company ceased operations from February 2015 onwards. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Tan’s Skeletal Submissions for OS 1027/2018 at paras 38–41.

9 In OS 1027/2018, Ozak alleges that Tan has breached his director’s duties to
the Company by, inter alia:

(a) wrongfully using the resources of the Company for the benefit of
Shafttech, which is in direct competition with the Company and of which Tan
also is a director and 40% shareholder;

(b) wrongfully causing the Company to incur expenses on behalf of Shafttech;

(c) causing Shafttech to be operated from the same premises as the Company;

(d) causing the Company to sell its products to Shafttech at a price below
market rates and at a loss; and

(e) acting in conflict of interest towards the Company by virtue of the acts
stated above. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Appendix 1 of OS 1027/2018.

SUM 187/2019

10 Before deciding the respective applications under s 216A of the CA, it is
necessary to first deal with SUM 187/2019. Briefly, after Ozak had commenced
OS 1027/2018, Tan, purportedly acting on behalf of the Company, appointed PRP
Law LLC to represent the Company. It is not disputed that this was a
unilateral act on Tan’s part. Ozak has thus filed SUM 187/2019 to seek, inter
alia, a declaration that PRP Law LLC’s appointment is defective and void.

Interpretation of Article 100

11 In opposing SUM 187/2019, the Company relies heavily on Article 100 of the
Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association (“M&A”). The Company contends
that Article 100 confers on Tan the power to appoint PRP Law LLC unilaterally.

12 The relevant portion of Article 100 states as follows: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Company’s First Affidavit dated 15 November 2018 at p 73.

100\. A resolution in writing, signed by all the directors present in
Singapore shall be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed at a
meeting of the directors duly convened and held. …

13 However, Article 100 must be read in context and not literally in order to
give effect to this Article and the other provisions of the M&A. Article 100
confers on all the directors present in Singapore the power to pass written
resolutions out of expediency. It is unwise to construe this Article to the
exclusion of the other provisions in the M&A as this approach may render the
other provisions, such as Articles 90 and 93, etc, otiose or ineffective.

14 The relevant portions of Articles 90 and 93 state as follows: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Company’s First Affidavit dated 15 November 2018 at pp 72–73.

90\. Subject to these articles questions arising at any meeting of directors
shall be decided by a majority of votes and a determination by a majority of
directors shall for all purposes be deemed a determination of the directors. …

…

93\. The quorum necessary for the transaction of the business of the directors
may be fixed by the directors, and unless so fixed shall be two. One director
who is also alternate for another director shall not be a quorum.

15 Accordingly, it could not have been within the contemplation of the parties
that Tan would be able to invoke Article 100 to make management decisions
unilaterally when Ozaki was deeply involved in making management decisions.
This interpretation also goes against the requirements of due process and
natural justice, especially on the facts of this case where there are only two
directors and two equal shareholders. Moreover, Tan did not give notice to
Ozaki that he would invoke Article 100.

16 The proper interpretation of Article 100 is that it allows at least two
directors who are present in Singapore to pass written resolutions in lieu of
board meetings, thus saving time and resources. This interpretation is
consistent with the quorum requirement of two. Having regard to the M&A as a
whole, it is clear that Article 100 does not provide a free-standing power
which can be exercised by one director alone.

Estoppel and waiver

17 The Company also claims that Ozak is estopped by conduct from alleging that
the appointment of PRP Law LLC is defective. In the alternative, the Company
claims that Ozak has waived any defect. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Company’s Written Submissions for SUM 187/2019 at para 24.

I should highlight that the references to Ozak’s conduct in [17]–[18] refer to
that of Ozaki, who acts on behalf of Ozak.

18 I find that a reasonable person apprised of the relevant facts will not
interpret Ozak’s conduct as amounting to waiver or estoppel. Ozak’s conduct
was not sufficiently unequivocal. While Ozaki had suspicions about the
defective appointment on 25 October 2018, he decided to first go through his
own records to check that he had not missed any notice of a meeting to discuss
the appointment of PRP Law LLC. After Ozaki confirmed that there was no such
notice, Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP (“R&T”) requested that PRP Law LLC withdraw
from acting for the Company, by way of a letter dated 14 December 2018. In
this letter, R&T had also requested for PRP Law LLC’s warrant to act for the
Company. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Ozaki’s Fourth Affidavit dated 10 January 2019 at p 31.

On 17 December 2018, PRP Law LLC then provided R&T with a director’s
resolution and a warrant to act that purportedly authorised its appointment as
the Company’s solicitors. After confirming that the relevant documents were
defective, as they were only signed by Tan, Ozak instructed R&T to file SUM
187/2019, which was done on 11 January 2019. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Ozaki’s Fifth Affidavit under the cover of Chan Wei Wen Francis dated 24
January 2019 at para 16.

Therefore, I do not agree that Ozak is estopped by conduct from alleging that
the appointment of PRP Law LLC is defective. Ozak has also not waived any
defect.

19 On the above facts, the Company’s alleged appointment of PRP Law LLC is
defective and void. The director’s resolution dated 13 September 2018
authorising PRP Law LLC to represent the Company and PRP Law LLC’s warrant to
act dated 24 September 2018, which were both signed by Tan purportedly on
behalf of the Company, are also defective and void. Therefore, I allow prayers
1 and 2. However, Ozak has also sought to strike out Tan’s affidavit filed on
behalf of the Company dated 15 November 2018. I find that this affidavit is
relevant to the issues in OS 1027/2018. Accordingly, prayer 3 is disallowed.

OS 100/2019

20 OS 100/2019 is Tan’s application seeking leave to defend OS 1027/2018 in
the name and on behalf of the Company under s 216A of the CA.

Notice under s 216A(3)(a) of the CA

21 I shall first deal with the requirement for the issuance of notice under s
216A(3)(a) of the CA. Ozak has pointed out in its skeletal submissions that
the notice requirement is strict. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Ozak’s Skeletal Submissions for SUM 187/2019 and OS 100/2019 at para 49.

In the case of Lee Seng Eder v Wee Kim Chwee and others [2014] 2 SLR 56, at
[13], the leave application was dismissed solely on the ground that the
applicant had failed to provide notice. Tan argues that the notice requirement
under s 216A(3)(a) of the CA was fulfilled, as notice was given to Ozak
through Nair & Co LLC’s letter dated 29 August 2018 which was addressed to R&T
(“the 29 August 2018 Letter”). In this letter, Tan had sought Ozak’s and
Ozaki’s agreement for PRP Law LLC to be appointed to represent the Company.
Paragraph 4 of the 29 August 2018 Letter stated expressly that Tan would
“apply to Court for an order authorising the legal representation of the
Company” if Ozak’s and Ozaki’s consent was not forthcoming. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Tan’s Second Affidavit dated 21 January 2019 at p 70.

22 I first observe that the 29 August 2018 Letter and all the other
correspondence referred to by Tan’s counsel did not make, expressly or
impliedly, any reference to the notice requirement in s 216A(3)(a) of the CA.
Hence, this is a serious procedural defect.

23 Be that as it may, I am prepared to accept that the 29 August 2018 Letter
might constitute valid notice if it complies with s 216A(3)(a) of the CA in
substance. However, it is clear that the 29 August 2018 Letter is
substantively defective as well.

24 The 29 August 2018 Letter did not state that Tan intended to apply to court
for leave to defend OS 1027/2018 in the name and on behalf of the Company, if
the directors did not defend the action themselves. This is the fundamental
message that must be conveyed to the directors (and specifically Ozaki), for
the purpose of the notice requirement under s 216A(3)(a) of the CA. The
substance of the notice is stated unambiguously in s 216A(3)(a) of the CA
itself.

25 Further, Tan did not provide the requisite 14 days’ notice under s
216A(3)(a) of the CA. Ozak was only given one day to respond to the 29 August
2018 Letter. In any event, if the 29 August 2018 Letter was to constitute a
valid notice, it should have been addressed to Ozaki, who is the Company’s
only other director.

26 Since Tan has failed to provide proper notice in accordance with s
216A(3)(a) of the CA, this alone is a sufficient ground for me to dismiss OS
100/2019.

Other requirements of s 216A(3) of the CA

Good faith

27 In any event, even if Tan had provided proper notice, I also found that Tan
did not satisfy the other requirements under s 216A(3) of the CA for leave to
be granted. Tan is not acting in good faith in OS 100/2019, as required under
s 216A(3)(b) of the CA, as he now uses the Company to engage solicitors to
essentially further support his case. This can be seen from Tan’s affidavit in
support of this application. I also notice that OS 100/2019 was filed
belatedly after Ozak took out SUM 187/2019.

Prima facie in the interests of the Company

28 Further, it is also not prima facie in the interests of the Company for OS
100/2019 to be granted. Tan asserts that the Company requires separate legal
representation and that the Company will not diligently defend OS 1027/2018.
However, Tan, having been joined to OS 1027/2018 as the second defendant, is
already able to oppose Ozak’s leave application in his personal capacity as a
director and shareholder of the Company, and has indeed done so. Tan has not
satisfied the court that it is necessary also to grant him leave to defend OS
1027/2018 in the name and on behalf of the Company and in the process to
appoint solicitors to represent the Company.

29 Ozak drew my attention to the case of Tam Tak Chuen v Eden Aesthetics Pte
Ltd and another (Khairul bin Abdul Rahman and another, non-parties) [2010] 2
SLR 667 (“Tam Tak Chuen”) at [8]. To be clear, Tam Tak Chuen did not expressly
consider the issue of whether a company must be legally represented in a leave
application under s 216A of the CA. However, Tam Tak Chuen is relevant given
the factual similarities with this case. In Tam Tak Chuen, Dr Tam Tak Chuen
(“Dr Tam”) and Dr Khairul Bin Abdul Rahman (“Dr Khairul”) were equal
shareholders and the only two directors of Eden Aesthetics Private Limited
(“EA”) and Eden Healthcare Pte Ltd (“EH”). EA and EH were deadlocked. Dr Tam
applied for leave to commence a derivative action against Dr Khairul for
breach of his director’s duties. There were no allegations made against EA and
EH, just as there are no allegations made against the Company in this case. In
deciding the leave application, Judith Prakash J (as she then was) observed at
[8] that “[i]n respect of this application, the nominal defendants, EA and EH,
were not represented and took no part in this argument”. Like Tan, Dr Khairul
had filed an affidavit to oppose the leave application initiated by the only
other director (although for completeness, it should be noted that Dr Khairul
appeared as a non-party, whereas Tan is joined as the second defendant in OS
1027/2018). The Company is in the exact same position as EA and EH were in Tam
Tak Chuen. Thus, there is no reason why it needs to be legally represented,
when Tan is already resisting the leave application in his personal capacity.

30 On the above facts, Tan has failed to satisfy the requirements under s
216A(3) of the CA and I dismiss OS 100/2019.

OS 1027/2018

31 OS 1027/2018 is Ozak’s application for leave to bring an action in the name
and on behalf of the Company against Tan for breach of his director’s duties.

Notice under s 216A(3)(a) of the CA

32 In OS 100/2019, which was Tan’s application under s 216A of the CA for
leave to defend the Company and thereby appoint PRP Law LLC, Ozak argues that
Tan had failed to comply with the requirements under s 216A(3) of the CA. Ozak
had emphasised the need for strict compliance with the notice requirement
under s 216A(3)(a) of the CA. This must apply with equal force in OS 1027/2018
and what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.

33 For the notice requirement, Ozak has relied on R&T’s letter of demand dated
27 June 2017. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Ozaki’s First Affidavit dated 6 August 2018 at p 55.

This letter of demand was from Ozak to the Company, Tan and Ozaki. It makes no
reference to s 216A of the CA. It is a letter of demand that enumerated Tan’s
acts of wrongdoing when he was an employee with the Company as well as when
Tan was the Company’s director. Furthermore, the letter of demand also made an
allegation against the Company for “dealing with” Ozak’s trade mark without
its permission. This is a cause of action that belongs to Ozak, and not the
Company. The action for infringement of trade mark against the Company cannot
be the basis for an action under s 216A of the CA. Therefore, R&T’s letter of
demand contains matters other than those relevant to a derivative action on
the Company’s behalf under s 216A of the CA. Thus, Ozak has not satisfied the
requirements of s 216A of the CA and its notice is procedurally defective.

34 As I have indicated in OS 100/2019, I am prepared to accept R&T’s letter of
demand as constituting a valid notice if it is in substance a notice that is
in compliance with the spirit and purposes of s 216A(3)(a) of the CA. However,
it is clear that R&T’s letter of demand is substantively defective as well:

(a) Nowhere in the letter of demand is it stated that Ozak intended to apply
for leave to bring an action in the name and on behalf of the Company, if the
directors did not bring the action themselves.

(b) Furthermore, Ozak had not provided 14 days’ notice to the directors of the
Company. R&T’s letter of demand was dated 27 June 2017. The directors were
only given until 4 July 2017 to respond. This is only 7 days’ notice.

35 Accordingly, the said letter of demand fails to fulfil the notice
requirement under s 216A(3)(a) of the CA. As with OS 100/2019, this ground
alone is sufficient for me to dismiss OS 1027/2018. Nevertheless, I shall
proceed to discuss the other two requirements.

Other requirements of s 216A(3) of the CA

Good faith

36 I shall begin with the good faith requirement under s 216A(3)(b) of the CA.
Ozak bears the burden of satisfying the court that it is acting in good faith.
There is no presumption that an applicant under s 216A of the CA is acting in
good faith, even if the action is prima facie in the interests of the company.
On the facts, I am not satisfied that Ozak is acting in good faith.

37 First, Ozak has not provided a satisfactory explanation with regard to the
delay in commencing these proceedings. Ozak alleges that Tan had breached his
director’s duties. These alleged breaches arose out of the same facts which
Ozak would have been aware of, at the latest, between December 2013, when
Ozaki discovered the brochure in Kuala Lumpur, and 18 November 2014, when
Ozaki confronted Tan with the “Acquisition Proposal”, also known as the
“Correction Document”. OS 1027/2018 was only commenced on 20 August 2018. This
is a delay of about four to five years and is a much longer delay compared to
Tan’s delay in filing OS 100/2019. Tan’s delay in commencing OS 100/2019, as
pointed out by Ozak, was around half a year.

38 Second, even though Ozak claims to have discovered the alleged wrongful
acts of conflict of interest between December 2013 and 18 November 2014, it
still agreed to appoint Tan as a director on 31 December 2014. If Ozak was
genuinely concerned by Tan’s wrongful acts of conflict of interest, ie, Tan’s
involvement in Shafttech, a business competitor of the Company, then it should
have acted expediently to correct or remedy the situation and should not have
waited until 2018. At the very least, it should not have allowed Tan to be
appointed as a director of the Company, especially when Ozak had allegedly
caused the Company to suffer significant losses of over $2.7m. Further,
shortly after Tan was appointed as a director, Ozak then decided in or around
January 2015 to unilaterally appoint WM Automation as a distributor of Ozak’s
products. As a result, the Company, for all intents and purposes, became a
dormant company since February 2015. The motivations of Ozak in commencing
these proceedings are, therefore, questionable.

39 Third, Ozak first claimed to only have knowledge of Tan’s beneficial
interest in Shafttech in November 2014. Later, when confronted with objective
evidence, it then changed its position by stating that it had discovered this
information through a Shafttech brochure in Malaysia in December 2013. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Ozak’s Skeletal Submissions for OS 1027/2018 at para 76.

This change in position regarding this crucial fact occurred after Ozak was
presented with documentary evidence which contradicted its initial position.
This indicates the lack of candour on the part of Ozak.

Prima facie in the interests of the Company

40 The final requirement under s 216A(3)(c) of the CA is that the application
must appear to be prima facie in the interests of the Company.

41 OS 1027/2018 is focused only on Tan’s breach of his director’s duties and
not Tan’s wrongdoing as an employee of the Company. Therefore, even if Tan had
caused the Company to suffer losses from 2002 to 2014, these losses cannot be
recovered through this action as Tan was only an employee then. The court is
only able to deal with the matters raised in the prayers in OS 1027/2018. The
prayers do not refer to a breach of an employee’s duties and in fact expressly
refer only to Tan’s breach of his director’s duties. This is clearly stated in
Appendix 1 of OS 1027/2018.

42 Furthermore, I am not satisfied that it is in the practical and commercial
interests of the Company to pursue this action, as borne out by the timeline
of events.

43 It must be emphasised that Ozak knew about the alleged wrongful acts
between December 2013 and 18 November 2014, at the latest. If Ozak had sought
leave to bring an action against Tan at that time for breach of a senior
employee’s fiduciary duties, it would have had a much stronger case that the
action was prima facie in the interests of the Company.

44 However, notwithstanding this knowledge, Tan was appointed a director on 31
December 2014. In or around January 2015, Ozak appointed WM Automation as a
distributor of Ozak’s products in Singapore, thereby replacing the Company. In
February 2015, the Company became dormant and inactive very shortly
thereafter. In the circumstances, it is difficult to identify precisely what
losses, if any, have been caused to the Company, after Tan became the director
of the Company which soon became dormant. This period is very short and thus
the purported losses sustained, if any, would not be large. Even if there had
been losses suffered by the Company because of Tan’s failure to disclose his
alleged wrongful acts, I emphasise again that Ozak had full knowledge of the
breaches that would give rise to these losses and chose not to pursue an
action when it had the opportunity to do so.

45 Finally, the relationship between Ozaki and Tan is acrimonious. This has
resulted in the Company becoming dormant and there is no viable prospect of
the two parties working together again. Both Ozaki and Tan are using the
Company to advance their personal objectives and on the pretext that what they
are doing is for the best interests of the Company. Hence, I am not satisfied
that it is in the best interests of the Company to be embroiled in costly and
drawn-out litigation, which will only serve to vindicate one side’s position
against the other.

46 On the above facts, Ozak has failed to satisfy all three requirements under
s 216A(3) of the CA. OS 1027/2018 is thereby dismissed. I shall now hear the
parties on costs.

Tan Siong Thye J  
Judge

Yuen Djia Chiang Jonathan and Francis Chan Wei Wen  
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff in OS 1027/2018  
and SUM 187/2019 and for the first respondent in OS 100/2019;  
Pillai Pradeep G and Lin Shuling Joycelyn (PRP Law LLC) for the first
defendant in OS 1027/2018 and SUM 187/2019 and for  
the second respondent in OS 100/2019;  
Nair Suresh Sukumaran, Tan Tse Hsien, Bryan (Chen Shixian)  
and Bhatt Chantik Jayesh (Nair & Co LLC) for the  
second defendant in OS 1027/2018 and SUM 187/2019  
and for the applicant in OS 100/2019.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

