Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 10

HC/Suit No 1109 of 2018

(HC/Summons No 5490 of 2018)

Between

Lyu Yan @ Lu Yan

… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Lim Tien Chiang  
---|---  
(2)| Ang Jian Sheng Jonathan  
(3)| Lim ZhengDe  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Injunctions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lyu Yan @ Lu Yan

  

v

  

Lim Tien Chiang and others

[2019] SGHC 10

High Court — HC/Suit No 1109 of 2018 (HC/Summons No 5490 of 2018)  
Choo Han Teck J  
16 January 2019

22 January 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff opened a private wealth account with BNP Paribas Singapore
(“BNP”). She wanted to transfer US$3m equivalent in RMB from her personal RMB
account in China to one of her personal bank accounts in Singapore. BNP was
unable to undertake that transaction and referred the plaintiff to the first
defendant who was an employee of EFG Bank AG (“EFG”).

2 The plaintiff contacted the first defendant and that resulted in a
successful placement of US$3m from the plaintiff’s personal RMB account in
China to her Credit Suisse bank account in Singapore (the “First Tranche”).
For the First Tranche, the first defendant utilised the remittance services of
PT Niaga Lestari Remittance (“PT Niaga”), an Indonesian company.

3 Thereafter the plaintiff wanted to effect a second transfer, also in US$3m,
to her BNP bank account in Singapore (the “Second Tranche”). As PT Niaga was
not ready to effect this Second Tranche, the first defendant sought the
remittance services of the third defendant, who was an ex-colleague of his.
This time, the first defendant gave the plaintiff four bank accounts for her
to deposit the equivalent of US$3m in RMB.

4 Two of the four accounts were in the name of the second defendant and one in
the name of the third defendant. The fourth account was in the name of one
Kang Tie Tie (“Kang”). The second and third defendants admitted that they gave
their account numbers to the first defendant for the transfer of money from
the plaintiff. They deny knowledge of Kang’s account.

5 The RMB equivalent of US$3m were deposited into the four accounts by the
plaintiff on 16 October 2018. The money was subsequently remitted to a person
known only as “Allan”. “Allan” is an unlicensed money changer in China, and
was the contact of the second and third defendants. That was the last the
plaintiff saw of her US$3m.

6 The plaintiff sued the defendants for misrepresentation, fraud, and unjust
enrichment. By this summons, she sought to enjoin the assets of all three
defendants, including their bank accounts. When the plaintiff discovered that
the money was gone, she had discussions with the first and third defendants to
find out where it had gone. When it became clear to her that it was gone and
her instructions of transferring the money to her BNP bank account were not
carried out, she filed a writ against the three defendants and an application
for an order for injunction against them. The writ was filed on 1 November
2018 and this summons on 21 November 2018 and the summons was fixed for
hearing on 16 January 2019.

7 The first defendant denies any liability and claims that he does not know
“Allan”. He had only contacted the third defendant to carry out the transfer
because, according to him, his bank EFG was unable to carry out this
transaction. No reason was given as to why not. The third defendant then told
the first defendant to split the money, and deposit it into two accounts
belonging to the second defendant and one account belonging to the third
defendant. The exchange rate quoted by the third defendant to first defendant
was US$1 to 6.99 RMB. That was 0.02 RMB more than what “Allan” quoted the
second and third defendants. The first defendant told the plaintiff that the
rate was US$1 to 7.025 RMB, effectively making a profit of approximately
US$100,000 for himself, which the plaintiff deposited into the bank account of
Kang.

8 None of the defendants seem to know “Allan” very well. Most of the direct
messages between the second or third defendants and “Allan” had been deleted
by the two defendants. They were only able to show the plaintiff remittance
slips amounting to a total of US$1.98m transferred from the second and third
defendants to “Allan”.

9 Although the second and third defendants are partners and have been doing
business in China, they have provided scant information about “Allan”. The
business they do includes helping foreigners find their way to do businesses
in China, such as helping them incorporate companies and presumably helping
them remit money in and out of China. They do not seem like people who have no
idea how money is remitted, and I find it astonishing that for a significant
remittance sum of US$3m, the only detail the second and third defendants had
on “Allan” is his “WeChat” number.

10 All three defendants submitted that the court should not assist the
plaintiff’s application for injunction, as her transmission of US$3m out of
China was illegal according to China laws, and hence against the public policy
of Singapore. As it stands, there is no sufficient evidence to show any
illegality, and that, in the circumstances of this case, should be heard as
part of the defence at trial. The defendants have not been fully candid and it
is not fair to have the defendants litigate this case in piecemeal fashion.
Any inquiry into whether the plaintiff had acted illegally and if so, whether
that affects the plaintiff’s claim is hereby directed to be heard at trial.

11 Although the bulk of the plaintiff’s money is gone, a sum of US$1.02m which
is unaccounted for may still be here. However, given the time from 21 November
2018 when this summons was filed until now, even that might have disappeared.

12 The original US$3m were deposited into accounts of the defendants. The
fourth account in the name of Kang seems to be under the control of the first
defendant, although the first defendant denies it. It is incontrovertible that
“Allan” had taken most, if not all, the US$3m, and the explanations given by
the defendants were inadequate and unconvincing. The entire sum of US$3m seems
to have been dissipated through or to the three defendants and “Allan”. Not a
cent has been recovered or accounted for. I am therefore of the view that
there is a real risk of dissipation of assets, and hence sufficient reason to
enjoin the assets of the defendants and to have the defendants disclose their
financial transactions concerning the deposits.

13 At the end of the hearing before me on 16 January 2019 I granted an interim
injunction against the three defendants until 22 January 2019 or further
order.

14 For the reasons above, I would grant an order in terms of the summons that:

(a) The plaintiff be granted an order in terms of the draft order entitled
“Injunction Prohibiting Disposal of Assets Worldwide” marked as “Annex A” to
the plaintiff’s summons for injunction dated 21 November 2018;

(b) The defendants inform the plaintiff in writing at once of all their assets
whether in or outside Singapore, whether in their own name or not, whether
solely or jointly owned, and whether the defendants are interested in them
legally, beneficially or otherwise, giving the value, location and details of
all such assets;

(c) The defendants state in the affidavit and provide documents to evidence
full details of:

(i) What has happened to the RMB 13,975,000 transferred by the plaintiff to
the second defendant’s two bank accounts;

(ii) What has happened to the RMB 7,000,000 transferred by the plaintiff to
the third defendant’s bank account; and

(iii) What has happened to the RMB 100,000 transferred by the plaintiff to
Kang’s bank account.

(d) Personal service of the Mareva Injunction on the defendants be dispensed
with under O 45 r 7(6) and/or O 45 r 7(7) of the Rules of Court;

(e) Service of the Mareva Injunction be validly effected on the first
defendant by way of service of the same on his solicitors on record, Abbots
Chambers LLC;

(f) Service of the Mareva Injunction be validly effected on the second and
third defendants by way of service of the same on their solicitors on record,
Eugene Thuraisingam LLP; and

(g) The costs of this application be costs in the cause.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Ng Lip Chee and Jennifer Sia (NLC Law Asia LLC) for plaintiff  
Gino Hardial Singh and Debbie Ooi Yu Ting (Abbots Chambers LLC) for first
defendant  
Chooi Jing Yen and Hamza Malik (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for second and third
defendants

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

