Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHCR 11

HC/S 1229 of 2016  
HC/SUM 2901 of 2019  
HC/SUM 2922 of 2019

Between

| Sun Electric Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff / Respondent

And

(1)| Sunseap Group Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Sunseap Energy Pte Ltd  
(3)| Sunseap Leasing Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants / Applicants

HC/S 190 of 2018  
HC/SUM 2902 of 2019  

Between

| Sun Electric Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff / Respondent

And

(1)| Sunseap Group Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Sunseap Energy Pte Ltd  
(3)| Sunseap Leasing Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants / Applicants

Judgment

[Civil Procedure – Interrogatories]

[Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Further and Better Particulars]

[Patents and Inventions – Infringement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sun Electric Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Sunseap Group Pte Ltd and others and another suit

[2019] SGHCR 11

High Court — Suit No 1229 of 2016 (Summons Nos 2901 of 2019 and 2922 of 2019)
and Suit No 190 of 2018 (Summons Nos 2902 of 2019 and 2921 of 2019)  
Justin Yeo AR  
19 August 2019

27 August 2019 Judgment reserved.

Justin Yeo AR:

1 This judgment concerns four applications for further and better particulars
and the withdrawal of interrogatories, brought in two related patent
infringement suits, ie Suit No 1229 of 2016 (“Suit 1229”) and Suit No 190 of
2018 (“Suit 190”). In essence, the alleged patent infringers claim that the
patent proprietor had failed to sufficiently particularise certain aspects of
its infringement claims; the patent proprietor has denied this and further
contended that, in any event, any further and better particulars can only be
provided after the alleged infringers have responded to certain
interrogatories. This has led to a procedural impasse, resulting in the four
applications being taken out.

2 I heard the four applications together on 19 August 2019 and now render my
decision.

Background

3 Sun Electric Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”) is the registered proprietor of two
Singapore patents (collectively, “the Patents”), namely:

(a) Singapore Patent Application No 10201405341Y (“the 341 Patent”), in
respect of a power grid system and method of determining power consumption at
one or more building connections in the power grid system.

(b) Singapore Patent Application No 10201406883U (“the 883 Patent”), in
respect of a power grid system and method of consolidating power injection and
consumption in a power grid system.

4 Sunseap Group Pte Ltd (“the 1st Defendant”), Sunseap Energy Pte Ltd (“the
2nd Defendant”) and Sunseap Leasing Pte Ltd (“the 3rd Defendant”)
(collectively, “the Defendants”) offer electricity products via off-site power
purchase agreements (“PPA”).

5 The Plaintiff brought Suit 1229 and Suit 190 against the Defendants for
alleged infringement of system and process claims in the 341 Patent and the
883 Patent, respectively. The common subject matter in both suits relates to
the PPA between Apple Inc (“Apple”) and the Defendants, pursuant to which the
Defendants would generate electricity from various solar-powered generation
facilities and supply the electricity to Apple.

6 In Suit 190, the Defendants applied for further and better particulars of,
inter alia, “What each Defendant allegedly relies on that constitutes a
‘consolidation unit’”. This was the subject matter of my earlier decision in
Sun Electric Pte Ltd v Sunseap Group Pte Ltd and others [2019] SGHCR 4 (“Sun
Electric”). The Plaintiff objected to these requests on the basis that they
required the Plaintiff to prematurely construe the term “consolidation unit”,
and effectively sought evidence rather than material facts. In response, the
Defendants contended that the requests were simply for the Plaintiff to
provide at least one instance of each type of infringement alleged, as
required by O 87A r 2(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, Rev Ed 2014). In
addition, Defendants’ counsel argued that the Plaintiff ought to further
particularise the allegations concerning reliance on a “consolidation unit”,
because the term had no obvious meaning in the English language and the
Defendants were otherwise unable to identify which of their acts or operations
were allegedly infringing in nature. For the reasons elaborated upon in Sun
Electric at [17]–[25], I ordered that the Plaintiff provide the further and
better particulars referred to at the outset of this paragraph.

7 The Defendants subsequently sought, by way of a letter, further and better
particulars in Suit 1229 that mirrored the particulars ordered in Sun
Electric. The Plaintiff provided further particulars in Suit 1229, and filed
further particulars in Suit 190 pursuant to the order in Sun Electric. The
Plaintiff essentially particularised the Defendants’ alleged reliance on a
“consolidation unit” in the following terms:

The Defendants collectively rely on one or more devices configured to process
power metering data. Said device(s) may be relied on either alone or in
combination with each other.

8 For certain other particulars, the Plaintiff repeated the above but with an
additional sentence, as follows:

The Defendants collectively rely on one or more devices configured to process
power metering data. Said device(s) may be relied on either alone or in
combination with each other. Said device(s) can include but are not limited to
the device(s) stated in the answers [above]. (emphasis added)

9 In an exchange of letters, the Defendants objected to the sufficiency of the
particulars provided, and the Plaintiff indicated a willingness to provide
further particulars after the Defendants provide sufficient answers to certain
interrogatories that were served without order of court (“the
Interrogatories”). The Interrogatories are set out in an annex to this
judgment (“the Annex”, which includes blackline edits to reflect the orders
made at [34(a)(i)] below).

The Applications

10 Dissatisfied with these developments, the Defendants filed the four
applications that are the subject of the present judgment:

(a) Summons No 2902 of 2019 (“SUM 2902”) in Suit 190, seeking a striking out
of references to “consolidation unit” in the Plaintiff’s pleadings, or
alternatively, for further and better particulars to be provided on pain of an
unless order.

(b) Summons No 2901 of 2019 (“SUM 2901”) in Suit 1229, seeking further and
better particulars of references to “consolidation unit” in the Plaintiff’s
pleadings, or alternatively, for the striking out of these references.

(c) Summons No 2921 of 2019 (“SUM 2921”) in Suit 190 and Summons No 2922 of
2019 (“SUM 2922”) in Suit 1229, seeking the withdrawal of the Interrogatories
and an order that the Plaintiff shall not serve further interrogatories
without the leave of court.

Parties’ arguments

Parties’ arguments in SUM 2901 and SUM 2902

11 In relation to SUM 2901 and SUM 2902, counsel for the Defendants, Mr
Nicholas Lauw (“Mr Lauw”), contended that the particulars provided thus far
left the Defendants none the wiser as to what they were using that allegedly
constituted reliance on a “consolidation unit”. Given that the Plaintiff had
failed to give at least one instance of each type of infringement alleged as
required by O 87A r 2(2) of the Rules of Court, the references to
“consolidation unit” in the Plaintiff’s pleadings ought to be struck out. In
addition, Mr Lauw argued that the Plaintiff’s attempt to defer the provision
of further and better particulars until after the Interrogatories were
answered sought to “put the cart before the horse”. He emphasised that the
Plaintiff ought not to be allowed to interrogate without first furnishing the
requisite particulars (citing Wright Norman and anor v Oversea-Chinese Banking
Corp Ltd and anor [1992] 2 SLR(R) 452 at [16]–[17], where the Court of Appeal
agreed with the High Court that interrogatories could only be raised on
specific particulars of negligence).

12 Counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr Chan Wenqiang (“Mr Chan”), raised two main
arguments:

(a) First, the Defendants ought to be able to identify the aspects of their
operations which constitute reliance on a “consolidation unit”, if they obtain
the assistance of a person skilled in the art. In this regard, Mr Chan pointed
out that there was no evidence that the Defendants had consulted with experts
on this issue.

(b) Second, even if further and better particulars were warranted, the
provision of such particulars should be deferred pending the Defendants’
response to the Interrogatories (citing Prima Bulkship Pte Ltd (in creditors’
voluntary liquidation) and another v Lim Say Wan and another [2015] SGHCR 10
(“Prima Bulkship”)).

Parties’ arguments in SUM 2921 and SUM 2922

13 In relation to SUM 2921 and SUM 2922, there was no dispute over the general
principles governing interrogatories as set out in Prudential Assurance Co
Singapore Pte Ltd v Tan Shou Yi Peter [2018] SGHCR 4 (“Prudential Assurance”).
The dispute focused on whether the Interrogatories were relevant and necessary
in the present case.

14 Mr Chan submitted that the Interrogatories were relevant and necessary,
given that they were specifically targeted towards parts of the relevant
patent specifications (citing Rockwell International Corporation and another v
Serck Industries Limited [1988] FSR 187 at 205, which states that a plaintiff
“may administer interrogatories framed on parts of the specification and ask
the defendant whether he used the processes described therein and forming part
of his invention, taking them step by step”). He emphasised that the Plaintiff
had identified how each interrogatory correlated to a specified feature of the
“consolidation unit”, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

13th Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (12 July 2019), at paragraph 34.

and that the answers given would provide useful confirmation as to whether the
Defendants had performed these functions by “manual” or “automated” means, in
“hardware” or “software” format.

15 Mr Lauw argued that the Interrogatories ought to be withdrawn, for three
reasons:

(a) First, the Plaintiff was using the Interrogatories to blatantly fish for
particulars to support its alleged claim, in the hope that it would stumble
upon something enabling it to plead what the “consolidation unit” is. It would
not be fair for the Plaintiff to make its allegations first, and hope to
subsequently substantiate its allegations through discovery or interrogatories
(citing Thomas & Betts (S E Asia) Pte Ltd v Ou Tin Joan and anor [1998] SGHC
57 (“Thomas & Betts”) at [22]–[24]). Specifically in relation to patent
actions, Mr Lauw emphasised that it is “not the practice… to allow
interrogatories to travel outside the particulars, and to embrace questions
generally of a roving and fishing character” (citing Aktiengesellschaft Für
Autogene Aluminium Schweissung v London Aluminium Company, Limited [1919] 2 Ch
67 at 75).

(b) Second, the Plaintiff was attempting to get the Defendants to answer the
particulars that the Plaintiff had itself been ordered to provide in Sun
Electric. The Plaintiff was in effect requiring the Defendants to define the
Plaintiff’s case, and this ought not to be permitted.

(c) Third, the Interrogatories were, in any event, irrelevant and unnecessary.
In relation to the interrogatories in Suit 1229, interrogatories 1 and 2
pertained to an unasserted claim, while interrogatory 3 did not relate to
material facts. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

18th Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (12 June 2019), at paragraph 32.

In relation to the interrogatories in Suit 190, interrogatories 1 and 2
pertained to the Defendants’ denials of the Plaintiff’s pleaded case, rather
than the Plaintiff’s pleaded case itself. In addition, interrogatory 1(b) in
Suit 190 was irrelevant because the data in question was obtained from third
parties rather than the Defendants. Interrogatories 2(a) and 3(a) were
unnecessary because answers and documents have already been provided in Suit
1229 and the suits will be consolidated in due course. Interrogatory 3(b) was
also unnecessary because the Defendants had previously responded to a similar
request in the context of further and better particulars in Suit 190.

Decision

16 The four applications call for a determination of two broad issues:

(a) whether the particulars provided by the Plaintiff were sufficient; and

(b) if not, whether the Plaintiff’s provision of further and better
particulars should be deferred pending the Defendants’ responses to the
Interrogatories.

Whether the particulars provided were sufficient

17 The general principles regarding the provision of particulars in a patent
infringement claim are well established. In gist, a plaintiff does not
generally have to construe the terms and claims of his patent at an early
stage of infringement proceedings, but is obliged to inform the defendant of
sufficient particulars to enable the defendant to know the case to be met (see
Sun Electric at [17]–[21], and AstraZeneca AB (SE) v Sanofi-Aventis Singapore
Pte Ltd [2013] SGHCR 7 (“AstraZeneca”) at [17]–[48], [58] and [61]). It is
insufficient for a plaintiff to simply state that the defendant has infringed
the claims of his patent; instead, the plaintiff ought to “condescend to
describe the manner in which the acts which he alleges to be infringement were
carried out” (see AstraZeneca at [21]). The precise level and nature of detail
that must be pleaded depends, of course, on the circumstances of each case.

18 In relation to the present case, I have already determined in Sun Electric
that the Plaintiff ought to provide further and better particulars in Suit
190, in relation to what the Plaintiff says the Defendants rely on that
constitutes a “consolidation unit”. From this decision there has been no
appeal. The particulars sought in Suit 1229 by way of SUM 2901 are similar to
those ordered in Sun Electric. In this regard, the Plaintiff has already
provided particulars in Suit 1229 without an order of court to this effect,
thus implicitly acknowledging that such particulars ought to be provided in
the light of Sun Electric.

19 The question before me is whether the particulars provided thus far are
sufficient. In my view, they are not. The particulars are furnished in the
form of open-ended formulations that add little, if any, clarity to the
understanding of the alleged “consolidation unit”. Indeed, the responses
appear to introduce further ambiguity because the “device(s)” referred to in
one set of particulars (see [7] above) may potentially be different from the
“device(s)” referred to in another set of particulars (see [8] above).
Overall, the particulars do not sufficiently particularise the manner in which
the Defendants allegedly rely on a “consolidation unit”.

20 I disagree with Mr Chan’s contention that with the help of experts, the
Defendants would be in a position to identify how they (ie the Defendants) may
have relied on a “consolidation unit”. Quite clearly, the particulars are
intended to facilitate an understanding of the Plaintiff’s claim; the
Defendants’ interpretation of the Plaintiff’s claim is not of direct
relevance. Even if the Defendants were to engage experts to determine what
aspects of their acts and operations may possibly constitute reliance on a
“consolidation unit”, this would not be conclusive of what the Plaintiff’s
claim really is. As observed in Sun Electric (at [23]), albeit in a slightly
different context, the Defendants’ experts may well be labouring under the
impression that a “consolidation unit” comprises components A, B and C, while
the Plaintiff may be proceeding with components X, Y and Z in mind. As such,
there does not appear to be any useful purpose in requiring the Defendants or
their experts to second-guess the ambit of the Plaintiff’s claim.

21 I therefore find that the particulars provided by the Plaintiff thus far
are insufficient, and that further and better particulars are necessary.

Whether particulars should be deferred pending the responses to the
Interrogatories

22 I turn now to consider whether the Plaintiff’s provision of further and
better particulars should be deferred pending the Defendants’ responses to the
Interrogatories.

Legal principles

23 It is trite that a plaintiff should have adequate knowledge of his case
before commencing a suit, and must plead his claim with sufficient
particularity. His pleading should inform the defendant of the nature of the
case to be met and enable the defendant to properly prepare for trial. A
plaintiff should not usually be allowed to put forward vague and sweeping
claims in the hope of particularising and substantiating his allegations
through discovery or interrogatories (see, eg, Thomas & Betts at [23]).

24 However, a court may allow a plaintiff to seek discovery or interrogatories
before particularising his claims in certain circumstances (see, eg, Prima
Bulkship at [34]–[47], where the court considered numerous English and
Australian case authorities on this point). In particular, a plaintiff may
seek discovery or interrogatories before particularising his claim where:

(a) pending discovery or interrogatories, the plaintiff has no knowledge of
the particulars sought or has given the best particulars available to him;

(b) the material facts in question are entirely within the knowledge of the
defendant; and

(c) despite the plaintiff’s lack of knowledge of the particulars pending
discovery or interrogatories, there is nonetheless a “substantial foundation”
for his claim.

25 In relation to interrogatories, the touchstone is whether they are
“necessary” for disposing fairly of a matter or for saving costs (see O 26 r
1(1) of the Rules of Court). A summary of the instances where interrogatories
may more readily be allowed or refused is found in Prudential Assurance at
[13] and [14], of which the following are of particular relevance in the
present case:

(a) Interrogatories are more readily allowed where they have a direct bearing
on the issues in dispute, delineate the precise matters in contention, can be
answered without difficulty and can potentially dispose of entire lines of
questioning (see Prudential Assurance at [13(b)] and [13(d)]).

(b) Interrogatories are more readily refused if they are oppressive in nature
(ie they exceed the legitimate requirements of the circumstances at hand, or
impose a burden on the interrogated party that is disproportionate to the
benefit to be gained by the interrogating party), or amount to an attempt to
fish for information in the hope of stumbling upon something that will support
the interrogating party’s case (see Prudential Assurance at [14(a)] and
[14(b)]).

Application to the present case

26 In the present case, the requirements set out at [24(a)] and [24(c)] above
are met. In relation to the former, there is affidavit evidence that the
Plaintiff has provided the best particulars available to it, and that it is
unable to provide any additional particulars pending the provision of
sufficient answers to the Interrogatories. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

13th Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (12 July 2019), at paragraphs 13 and 28.

In relation to the latter, there is a “substantial foundation” for the
Plaintiff’s claim: to elaborate, the Plaintiff has affirmed on affidavit that
it would be “commercially unrealistic” and “extremely laborious” for the
Defendants to have manually acquired, recorded and processed the electrical
metering data in their possession without the aid of some automated or semi-
automated process as well as hardware and/or software modules configured for
such purposes. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

13th Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (12 July 2019), at paragraphs 20 and 31.

For instance, the Defendants would otherwise have had to perform the “highly
impractical” tasks of sending employees or agents to various rooftop solar
systems at more than 150 distinct locations to take manual meter readings, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

13th Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (12 July 2019), at paragraph 20(a).

and to manually calculate or consolidate the electrical energy consumed by
Apple and the electrical energy generated from the facilities at those
locations. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

13th Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (12 July 2019), at paragraph 20(b).

27 However, a complication arises in relation to the requirement that “the
material facts in question are entirely within the knowledge of the defendant”
(see [24(b)] above). On the one hand, the Plaintiff has stated on affidavit
that further information relating to the Defendants’ reliance on a
“consolidation unit” would be solely within the Defendants’ knowledge. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

13th Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (12 July 2019), at paragraph 34.

This is not altogether unexpected or surprising, given that such information
relates to the processes and systems used by the Defendants in relation to the
electrical metering data. On the other hand, while such information may well
be entirely within the Defendants’ knowledge, the Defendants themselves do not
know what aspects of their operations are alleged to amount to reliance on a
“consolidation unit”; indeed, it is precisely in relation to this issue that
further and better particulars were ordered in Sun Electric. As such, the
Defendants contended that unless the Plaintiff first particularises its
reference to a “consolidation unit”, the Defendants are “in no position” to
answer the Interrogatories because the Defendants would otherwise be forced to
“describe every computer, device, computer program or ‘any other means’ used
by the Defendants”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

18th Affidavit of Phuan Ling Fong (12 June 2019) at paragraph 28.

28 The complication just mentioned is perhaps unavoidable in certain patent
disputes, particularly because the construction of patent claims is a matter
to be left for determination at trial. This means that even though a
defendant’s processes are entirely within his knowledge, he may not be in a
position to provide the requisite information in the absence of sufficient
particulars of the claim against him. At the same time, the plaintiff may well
be unable to further particularise his claim, precisely because he does not
have sufficient knowledge of the defendant’s processes.

29 A simple illustration may be useful. Party X (the patent proprietor) claims
that Party Y (the alleged infringer) has infringed a claim in Party X’s
patent. Party Y seeks further and better particulars of the asserted patent
claim. Party X contends that he is unable to provide further particulars
pending interrogatories, because he is otherwise unaware of the details
relating to Party Y’s processes (which are entirely within Party Y’s own
knowledge). Party Y argues that while he does have knowledge of his own
processes, he is unaware of the ambit of the claim that Party X has brought
against him, and therefore is unable to answer interrogatories relating to the
claim. This results in an apparent impasse somewhat akin to the proverbial
“chicken and egg” dilemma: with both parties operating under informational
deficiencies, neither party unilaterally has all the information required to
move the matter forward in a manner that will ensure the fair and effective
resolution of the dispute.

30 A practical approach for overcoming this apparent impasse is for the
plaintiff to serve interrogatories that are narrowly and precisely framed, co-
relating to specific aspects and features of the asserted claim in question.
The interrogatories should neither require the defendant to perform a
construction of the plaintiff’s claim, nor be of a broad, roving and fishing
character going beyond the legitimate requirements of the circumstances at
hand. With the information obtained, the plaintiff would then be in a position
to further particularise his claim as set against the actual processes used by
the defendant (which hitherto were solely in the defendant’s knowledge), thus
enabling the defendant to understand more completely the case to be met and to
better prepare for trial. This approach, properly applied, enables navigation
of the impasse while achieving a balance that takes into consideration the
various principles touched upon in [14], [15(a)] and [23]–[25] above; and in
so doing, facilitates the fair disposal of the matter and the saving of time
and costs.

31 The approach I have just outlined is directly applicable to the present
case. Here, because the Plaintiff has already served the Interrogatories, the
court is in a position to make a holistic assessment of whether it would be
appropriate to order that further and better particulars be deferred pending
the responses to the Interrogatories.

32 I turn now to assess the Interrogatories themselves. The parts of the
Interrogatories seeking information on whether various tasks are performed by
“manual” or “automated” means, whether certain parameters are captured in a
“Unit” (which is defined to include “system / apparatus / device / module /
computer program / any other means”), and whether any such “Unit” exists in a
“hardware” or “software” format, are relevant and necessary for moving the
matter forward. However, some of the interrogatories have open-ended aspects
(ie requests for the “manner or mode by which [a certain process is done]”, to
“give a description of the said Unit(s), such as its technical attributes…”,
or to “state exactly how and where…”), while others are not directly related
to the features of a “consolidation unit” (ie requests to “state where the
said Unit(s) is located / situated / stored”). These aspects ought to be
circumscribed or withdrawn, as marked in the blackline version in the Annex.
In their modified form, the Interrogatories would pass muster based on the
guidelines in [30] above.

33 Finally, I recognise that interrogatories 2(a), 3(a) and 3(b) in Suit 190
were not requested for the purpose of enabling the Plaintiff to provide the
further and better particulars sought. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

13th Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (12 July 2019), at paragraphs 13 and 28.

Instead, they were intended to give the Plaintiff notice of the Defendants’
position in relation to certain material facts. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

13th Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (12 July 2019), at paragraph 34.

Having considered the arguments on both sides, I allow these interrogatories
to stand, for the following reasons:

(a) First, the Defendants have not justified why the impending consolidation
of the two suits renders answers to interrogatories 2(a) and 3(a) in Suit 190
unnecessary. At present, both suits remain separate suits; furthermore, even
if they are consolidated in due course, the answers furnished or documents
disclosed in one suit may not automatically apply to specific questions raised
in the other. If anything, the fact that the Defendants have taken the
position that answers and documents have previously been provided in Suit 1229
suggests that the Defendants can furnish answers to interrogatories 2(a) and
3(a) in Suit 190 without much difficulty.

(b) Second, in relation to interrogatory 3(b) in Suit 190, while the
Defendants have objected on the basis that they had previously responded to a
similar request in the context of further and better particulars in Suit 190,
this appears to be based on a misunderstanding of interrogatory 3(b).

Conclusion

34 In view of the foregoing, my orders are as follows:

(a) In relation to SUM 2921 and SUM 2922:

(i) I decline to order the withdrawal of the Interrogatories, save that:

(A) interrogatories 1(a), 1(c), 1(d)(i), 2(c)(i) and 3(c)(i) in Suit 1229 and
interrogatories 1(a), 1(d), 1(e)(i), 2(b), 2(c)(i), 2(d) and 2(e)(i) in Suit
190 are to be amended by removing the open-ended aspects as identified in [32]
above; and

(B) interrogatories 1(d)(iii), 2(c)(iii), 3(c)(iii) in Suit 1229 and
interrogatories 1(e)(iii) and 2(e)(iii) in Suit 190 are to be withdrawn.

The necessary amendments are set out in blackline edits in the Annex.

(ii) The prayer seeking that the Plaintiff shall not serve any further
interrogatories without the leave of court is dismissed.

(b) In relation to SUM 2901 and SUM 2902:

(i) The Plaintiff is to file the further and better particulars sought, within
a time to be specified after receipt of the Defendants’ answers to the
Interrogatories.

(ii) The prayers seeking an unless order and the striking out of pleadings are
dismissed.

35 I will hear parties on the timelines for the Defendants’ furnishing of
answers to the Interrogatories and the Plaintiff’s subsequent provision of
further and better particulars, as well as on costs.

Justin Yeo  
Assistant Registrar

Mr Chan Wenqiang and Mr Alvin Tan  
(Ravindran Associates LLP) for the Plaintiff;  
Mr Nicholas Lauw and Ms Leow Jiamin  
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the Defendants.

Annex

1 The interrogatories served in Suit 1229, and which are the subject matter of
SUM 2922, are set out below with blackline edits made as ordered in [34(a)(i)]
of the judgment:

1\. Referring to paragraph 33 of the Affidavit of Phuan Ling Fong filed on 2
September 2016 in HC/OS 733/2016 (“Phuan’s Affidavit”) which alleged that the
3rd Defendant “obtains M2export from its own meter readings”, please state:

a. whether the manner or mode by which the 3rd Defendant obtains the M2export
values from its meter readings, including whether the information from said
meter readings are obtained via manual or electronic means;

b. if the answer to Interrogatory 1(a) is through electronic means, whether
the 3rd Defendant has access to “real time” meter readings of M2export;

c. regardless of whether the answer to Interrogatory 1(a) is via manual or
electronic means, whether the M2export values of the Solar-powered Generation
Facilities as referred to at paragraph 3(d) of the Particulars of Infringement
(Amendment No. 2) dated 9 May 2018 (“POI”) obtained by the 3rd Defendant are
input or recorded, and if so, to state exactly how and where the M2export
values are input or recorded (i.e. to specify whether the values are input or
recorded into a system / apparatus / device / module / computer program / any
other means (collectively referred to as a “Unit”)); and

d. If the answer to Interrogatory 1(c) is yes, for the avoidance of doubt,
please:

i. state give a description of the said Unit(s), such as its technical
attributes and whether it the Unit exists in hardware or software format;

ii. state whether the input or recordal of the M2export values into said
Unit(s) is done via a manual or automated process;

iii. state where the said Unit(s) is located / situated / stored.

2\. Referring to paragraph 32(a) of Phuan’s Affidavit which alleged that the
3rd Defendant “invoice[s] its customer, the building, for the amount of solar
energy consumed by the building (which is M2export minus M1export)”, please
state:

a. whether the calculation of the “M2export minus M1export” for the Solar-
powered Generation Facilities as referred to at paragraph 3(d) of the POI is
done via a manual or automated process;

b. whether the 3rd Defendant’s invoices are generated using a Unit(s); and

c. if the answer to Interrogatory 2(b) is yes, please:

i. state give a description of the said Unit(s), such as its technical
attributes and whether it the Unit exists in hardware or software format;

ii. state whether the calculation of “M2export minus M1export” for the Solar-
powered Generation Facilities as referred to at paragraph 3(d) of the POI is
performed by or with the assistance of the said Unit(s); and

iii. state where the said Unit(s) is located / situated / stored.

3\. Referring to the documents disclosed at S/N 66 of the 2nd Defendant’s
Supplemental List of Documents dated 26 October 2018 (“SLOD”) and S/N 5 and 6
of the 2nd Defendant’s Supplemental List of Documents dated 18 April 2019
(“2nd SLOD”) (collectively the “Debit Notes”), please state:

a. whether the calculation of the amount payable by Apple South Asia Pte Ltd
(“Apple”) to the 2nd Defendant as set out in the Debit Notes is done via a
manual or automated process;

b. whether the Debit Notes are generated using a Unit(s); and

c. if the answer to Interrogatory 3(b) is yes, please:

i. state give a description of the said Unit(s), such as its technical
attributes and whether it the Unit exists in hardware or software format;

ii. state whether the calculation of the amount payable by Apple to the 2nd
Defendant as set out in the Debit Notes is performed by or with the assistance
of the said Unit(s); and

iii. state where the said Unit(s) is located / situated / stored.

2 The interrogatories served in Suit 190, and which are the subject matter of
SUM 2921, are set out below with blackline edits made as ordered in [34(a)(i)]
of the judgment:

1\. Referring to paragraph 8(c) of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No.
2) dated 13 February 2019 (“D&CC”), where it is alleged “Claim 1 of the Patent
discloses, inter alia, “a first meter configured for metering power imported
from the power grid to the load”. None of the Defendants own or operate any
such meter. The 2nd Defendant is informed by a third party provider (i.e.,
Energy Market Company) of the amount of electricity imported from the power
grid to the load in so far as it is the retailer of electricity to the said
building. This information does not consist of meter readings. Instead, what
the 2nd Defendant receives is information that have already been processed by
the Energy Market Company”, please state:

a. whether the manner or mode by which the 2nd Defendant is “informed by a
third party provider (i.e., Energy Market Company)” of the “amount of
electricity imported from the power grid to the load” (“Consumption Data”),
including whether said information is obtained via manual or electronic means;

b. whether the Consumption Data is derived from meter readings;

c. whether the Consumption Data is provided on the basis of a given period of
time, i.e. on a monthly, quarterly, biannually, or yearly basis;

d. whether the Consumption Data received by the Defendants is input or
recorded, and if so, to state exactly how and where the Consumption Data is
input or recorded (i.e. to specify whether the information is input or
recorded into a system / apparatus / device / module / computer program / any
other means (collectively referred to as a “Unit”)); and

e. If the answer to Interrogatory 1(d) is yes, for the avoidance of doubt,
please:

i. state give a description of the said Unit(s), such as its technical
attributes and whether it the Unit exists in hardware or software format;

ii. state whether the input or recordal of Apple’s Consumption Data into said
Unit(s) is done via a manual or automated process;

iii. state where the said Unit(s) is located / situated / stored.

2\. Referring to the following paragraphs in the D&CC where it is alleged:

“[7(f)] Under the terms of the PPA, the 2nd Defendant contracted with Apple to
produce (through the 3rd Defendant) a fixed amount of GWh of electricity from
PV Generation Facilities situation [sic] at pre-determined locations, and
export the same into the national grid in Singapore (“National Grid”). …

[7(g)] Under the PPA, the electricity generated by the 3rd Defendant is not
transmitted to Apple. The 2nd Defendant is not involved in the generation of
electricity. For the purposes of the PPA, the 2nd Defendant purchases a fixed
amount of GWh of electricity from NEMS, a wholesale market with a spot market
for energy, and resells this electricity to Apple at agreed tariff rates. None
of the Defendants retail or supply electricity to Apple from PV Generation
Facilities. Instead, to the best of the Defendants’ knowledge, Apple draws
(i.e., imports) its entire electricity supply from the National Grid.

[7(j)] Save that it is admitted that the 3rd Defendant owns and manages some
PV Generation Facilities, and each of these PV Generation Facilities has an
electrical meter which meters the electrical energy generated, paragraph 3(f)
of the POI is denied. …”,

please state:

a. whether the “fixed amount of GWh of electricity [produced by the 2nd and/or
3rd Defendant] from PV Generation Facilities situation [sic] at pre-determined
locations, and export[ed] … into the [National Grid]” is related to the amount
of electricity retailed by the 2nd Defendant to Apple, and if so, state the
relationship;

b. whether the manner or mode by which the Defendants determine the amount of
electricity generated from the “PV Generation Facilities situation [sic] at
pre-determined locations” in order to ensure that they are producing a “fixed
amount of GWh of electricity” as required under the terms of the PPA via
manual or electronic means;

c. whether the Defendants receive / obtain information on the amount of
generated electricity by the PV Generation Facilities (“Generation Data”)
based on the “electrical meter [at the PV Generation Facilities] which meters
the electrical energy generated” and if so, please state:

i. the manner or mode by which the Defendants receive / obtain such
information, including whether said information is obtained via manual or
electronic means;

ii. if the answer to Interrogatory 2(c)(i) is through electronic means,
whether the Defendants have access to “real time” readings from the
“electrical meter [at the PV Generation Facilities] which meters the
electrical energy generated”.

iii. whether the Generation Data received / obtained by the Defendants is on
the basis of a given period of time, i.e. on a monthly, quarterly, biannually,
or yearly basis.

d. If the answer to Interrogatory 2(c) is yes, please state whether the
Generation Data is input or recorded, and if so, to state exactly how and
where the Generation Data is input or recorded (i.e. to specify whether the
said information is input or recorded in a Unit(s)); and

e. If the answer to Interrogatory 2(d) is yes, please:

i. state give a description of the said Unit(s), such as its technical
attributes and whether it the Unit exists in hardware or software format;

ii. state whether the input or recordal of the Generation Data into said
Unit(s) is done via a manual or automated process;

iii. state where the said Unit(s) is located / situated / stored.

3\. Referring to the following paragraphs in the D&CC where it is alleged:

“[7(l)] … Depending on its contractual obligations to its customers, the 3rd
Defendant then transfers a requisite number of RECs to its customers’ account
in the APX Portal. …

[7(m)] Save that it is denied that SERIS “certifies that metered electricity
generated from PV Generation Facilities over a period of time, such as on a
monthly, quarterly, biannually, or yearly basis, is from a renewable source”,
paragraph 3(i) of the POI is admitted.

[7(n)] Save that it is admitted that “[e]ach TIGR is serialized and is
equivalent to 1MWh of electricity as generated by a specific PV Generation
Facility”, paragraph 3(j) of the POI is denied.

[7(o)] Paragraph 3(k) of the POI is denied. The 3rd Defendant does not issue
RECs to Apple based on the amount of electricity consumed by each of its
facilities”,

please state:

a. the specific bases in the 3rd Defendant’s contractual obligations upon
which it determines the requisite number of RECs that need to be transferred
to its customers, e.g. the 3rd Defendant guarantees a minimum number of RECs
to be issued to its customers; and

b. whether the RECs transferred by the 3rd Defendant are in respect of a given
period of time, whether on a monthly, quarterly, biannually or yearly basis
(e.g. the 3rd Defendant transfers RECs as derived from the electricity
generated from PV Generation Facilities during a 1-month, 3-month, 6-month, or
1-year period).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

