Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 106

Admiralty in Rem No 105 of 2016  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 258 of 2017)  

Between

Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Owner and/or Demise Charterer of the vessel “Yue You 902”  
---  
  
… Defendant

Admiralty in Rem No 115 of 2016  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 260 of 2017)  

Between

Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Owner and/or Demise Charterer of the vessel “Yue You 902”  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Admiralty and Shipping] — [Bills of lading] — [Bills of Lading Act]

[Admiralty and Shipping] — [Bills of lading] — [Delivery of cargo against
presentation of bills of lading]

[Civil Procedure] — [Summary judgment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
The “Yue You 902” and another matter

  

[2019] SGHC 106

High Court — Admiralty in Rem No 105 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal No 258 of
2017, Registrar’s Appeal No 259 of 2017 and Summons No 334 of 2018) and
Admiralty in Rem No 115 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal No 260 of 2017,
Registrar’s Appeal No 261 of 2017 and Summons No 336 of 2018)

  
Pang Khang Chau JC  
29 January, 5 March 2018

24 April 2019

Pang Khang Chau JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff is Overseas-Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd (“OCBC”). The
defendant is Jiang Xin Shipping Co Ltd, the owner of the vessel Yue You 902
(“the Defendant”). OCBC claims against the Defendant for its failure to
deliver to OCBC a cargo of palm oil to which 14 bills of lading in OCBC’s
possession relate. OCBC had extended a loan to the buyer of the cargo, Aavanti
Industries Pte Ltd (“Aavanti”), for the purchase price of the cargo and took
the bills of lading as security for the loan. OCBC’s loan to Aavanti was
governed by a facility agreement made several years before. After Aavanti
requested the loan but before OCBC granted it, the Defendant had discharged
the cargo at the request of, and against a letter of indemnity (“LOI”)
provided by, FGV Trading Sdn Bhd (“FGV”). FGV was the seller of the cargo as
well as the voyage charterer of Yue You 902. OCBC sought delivery of the cargo
from the Defendant after Aavanti defaulted on the loan.

2 Among other things, this case raises the issue of whether the bills of
lading were spent before OCBC became their holder, thereby making s 2(2) of
the Bills of Lading Act (Cap 384, 1994 Rev Ed) applicable. It also raises the
issues of what constitutes relevant prior “contractual or other arrangements”
for the purpose of s 2(2)(a) of the Bills of Lading Act and what constitutes
“good faith” for the purpose of s 5(2) of the Bills of Lading Act.

Background facts

3 On 11 March 2016, FGV entered into a voyage charterparty with the Defendant
to charter Yue You 902 for two voyages. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Qiu Jingbo’s 6th affidavit (“6QJB”), dated 1 August 2017, at para 9 and p 37A.

The laycan for the first voyage was 10–15 April 2016 while that for the second
voyage was 22–29 April 2016.

4 On 4 April 2016, Aavanti contracted with Ruchi Soya Industries Ltd (“Ruchi”)
to sell 10,000 metric tons of refined, bleached, and deodorised palm olein
(“the palm oil”) to Ruchi. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Shweta Arora’s 1st Affidavit (1SA), dated 25 August 2018, at pp 9–10.

On 5 April 2016, Aavanti contracted with FGV to purchase 10,000 metric tons of
the palm oil from FGV, on “Incoterms CNF Mangalore, India”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Khandelwal Rajiv’s 1st Affidavit (“1KR”) (filed in HC/OS 658/2016) dated 29
June 2016, at pp 394–396.

The payment term for the contract between FGV and Aavanti was cash against
documents.

5 On 5 April 2016, the Defendant received instructions for Yue You 902 to
transport 10,000 metric tonnes of the palm oil from Lubuk Gaung, Indonesia to
Chittagong, Bangladesh. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

6QJB, at p 43.

On 12 April 2016, the Defendant received revised instructions for the palm oil
to be transported to New Mangalore, India instead. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

6QJB, at p 46.

On 15 April 2016, Yue You 902 took on 9,999.964 metric tonnes of the palm oil
from Lubuk Gaung, Indonesia. 14 bills of lading, LBG/NWM-01 – LBG/NWM-14, were
issued on behalf of the Defendant for the palm oil. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Saswira bin Ismail’s 2nd affidavit (“2SBI”), dated 8 December 2016, at pp
9–92.

The bills of lading identified the shipper as PT Intibenua Perkasatama and the
consignee as “To Order”. They also named New Mangolore, India as the port of
delivery and Ruchi as the notify party. The bills of lading were released to
FGV on 19 April 2016 following payment of freight to the Defendant. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

6QJB, at para 14.

6 Clause 11 of the voyage charterparty between FGV and the Defendant provided
that: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

6QB, at p 39.

If original bills of lading are not available for presentation at discharging
port(s) prior to [vessel’s] arrival, [vessel] to discharge the [charterer’s]
entire cargo to receivers against [charterer’s] LOI (with text according to
owner’s P[&]I club format) without any supporting bank guarantee.

Clause 6 of the sale contract between FGV and Aavanti similarly provided that:
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1KR, at pp 394–396.

At discharge port, in the absence of original B/L, buyer/receiver to receive
cargo by providing letter of indemnity (wording as per vessel owner’s P and I
club format) with first class bank guarantee.

7 On 22 April 2016, FGV issued an LOI to the Defendant, requesting the
Defendant to deliver the cargo to Ruchi without production of the original
bills of lading. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

6QJB, at pp 55–56.

On the same day, Aavanti issued a back-to-back LOI to FGV requesting FGV to
deliver the cargo to Ruchi without production of the original bills of lading.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

6QJB, at p 59

Ruchi had, on 19 April 2016, also issued a back-to-back LOI to Aavanti
requesting Aavanti to deliver the cargo to Ruchi without production of the
original bills of lading. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1KR, at pp 373–374.

Thus, there was a chain of back-to-back LOIs from the ultimate buyer, Ruchi,
to the sub-seller, Aavanti, and then to the ultimate seller, FGV, and finally
to the Defendant shipowner.

8 Yue You 902 arrived at New Mangalore on 24 April 2016, and began discharging
the cargo on 27 April 2016 at 5:05pm local time. The cargo was completely
discharged on 29 April 2016 at 8:55am local time (11:25am Singapore time). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

6QJB, at p 64

9 In the meantime, OCBC received the 14 bills of lading from FGV through
Maybank on 26 April 2016 under cover of a documents against payment collection
schedule. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

2SBI, at p 93.

The bills of lading were blank endorsed by FGV. On the same day, OCBC informed
Aavanti of the arrival of the documents and requested payment instructions
from Aavanti. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

2SBI, at p 133.

Aavanti replied requesting financing for the entire purchase price of USD
7,454,973.16 by way of a trust receipt loan. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

2SBI, at para 9 and p 135.

On 29 April 2016, OCBC granted the loan for the sum requested with a tenor of
21 days. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

2SBI, at p 137.

Payment of the purchase price was effected by OCBC to Maybank at 8:32pm on the
same day. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1SA, at p 22.

In other words, the cargo had been completely discharged from Yue You 902
before OCBC remitted the purchase price to Maybank.

10 It is not clear when Aavanti made the request for the trust receipt loan,
although it is indisputable that it must have been made between 26 and 29
April 2016. As Aavanti’s request for the trust receipt loan contains a fax
header with the timestamp “26-Apr-2016-13:18”, the Defendant suggested that
the request was made on 26 April 2016. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defendant’s Submissions Order 14 Application for Summary Judgment
(“Defendant’s Submissions”), dated 25 January 2018, at p 7.

This is incorrect. Aavanti’s request for the loan was made by way of a
handwritten annotation on OCBC’s request to Aavanti for payment instructions.
The fax header with the 26 April 2016 timestamp states that it is from “OCBC
TFD” and to “65382183” (which is Aavanti’s fax number – see the letterhead on
Aavanti’s LOI referred to at [7] above). Thus the timestamp indicates the time
of OCBC’s request for payment instructions, and not the time of Aavanti’s
reply requesting the loan.

11 At the end of the 21-day tenor, Aavanti obtained an extension of time from
OCBC till 3 June 2016 but nevertheless failed to repay the loan. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Saswira bin Ismail’s 6th Affidavit ("6SBI”), dated 25 August 2018, at para 15.

After Aavanti defaulted on the loan, OCBC proceeded on 14 June 2016 to enforce
its security over the bills of lading by demanding delivery of the cargo from
the Defendant, which the Defendant failed to do. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

2SBI, at p 180.

OCBC then initiated proceedings against the Defendant pursuant to the 14 bills
of lading for breach of contract of carriage, breach of contract of bailment,
conversion and detinue.

Procedural history

12 OCBC split its claim in respect of the 14 bills of lading across two
admiralty in rem actions - Admiralty in rem No 105 of 2016 (“ADM 105”) in
respect of the first five sets of bills of lading and Admiralty in rem No 115
of 2016 (“ADM 115”) in respect of the remaining nine sets. Yue You 902 was
arrested pursuant to ADM 105 while sister ship arrest was effected against GNG
Concord 1 pursuant to ADM 115. Both ships were released with the Defendant
furnishing security of USD 7.8 million. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

6QJB, at para 3.3.

13 After OCBC applied for summary judgment in ADM 105 and ADM 115 on 8
December 2016, the Defendant:

(a) amended its Defence on 30 December 2016 pursuant to O 20 r 12 of the Rules
of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (without need for leave of court);

(b) applied on 23 February 2017 for specific discovery against OCBC, which
application was dismissed on 31 March 2017;

(c) appealed on 13 April 2017 against the dismissal of its discovery
application, which appeal was dismissed on 26 May 2017;

(d) applied for leave on 9 May 2017 to further amend its defence and obtained
leave to do so on 20 June 2017;

(e) applied for leave on 29 August 2017 to file a further affidavit containing
a further expert opinion from Mr Tagore Pradip Kumar and obtained leave to do
so on 7 September 2017.

14 On 11 September 2017, OCBC obtained summary judgment against the Defendant
for US$3,727,500 and US$3,727,473.16 with interest of 5.33% per annum.

15 Following summary judgment:

(a) the Defendant filed Registrar’s Appeals 259 and 261 of 2017 (“RAs 259 &
261”) against the learned Assistant Registrar’s (“the AR”) decision granting
summary judgment;

(b) OCBC filed Registrar’s Appeals 258 and 260 of 2017 (“RAs 258 & 260”)
against the AR’s decision, at [13(e)] above, allowing the further affidavit to
be filed; and

(c) the Defendant took out Summonses 334 and 336 of 2018 (SUMs 334 & 336) to
further amend its Defence.

16 RAs 259 & 261, RAs 258 & 260 and SUMs 334 & 336 were all heard before me on
29 January 2018. At the said hearing, OCBC’s counsel suggested that, to avoid
repetition and unnecessarily prolonging the hearing:

(a) parties should launch straight into substantive arguments on RAs 259 & 261
(the appeals against summary judgment) instead of dealing first with RAs 258 &
260 and SUMs 334 & 336 as preliminary issues;

(b) I could therefore proceed to hear substantive arguments in RAs 259 & 261
on the assumption that the further affidavit which form the subject matter of
RAs 258 & 260 and the proposed amendments to the Defence which form the
subject matter of SUMs 334 & 336 were already before me; and

(c) depending on my eventual decision in RAs 259 & 261, I could then decide on
how RAs 258 & 260 and SUMs 334 & 336 should be disposed of.

As there were no objections from the Defendant’s counsel, I decided to proceed
in the manner suggested by OCBC’s counsel.

17 After hearing submissions and reserving judgment, I dismissed RAs 259 &
261, and confirmed the AR’s decision to grant summary judgment in ADM 105 and
ADM 115. As a consequence of that decision, I made no orders on RAs 258 & 260
and SUMs 334 & 336\.

18 The Defendant has appealed against my decision in RAs 259 & 261\.

The law concerning summary judgment

19 In an application for summary judgment, the plaintiff bears the burden of
showing that he has a prima facie case for summary judgment. If the plaintiff
manages to show that he has a prima facie case, the burden shifts to the
defendant to show that there is an issue or question in dispute which ought to
be tried or that there ought for some other reason to be a trial (O 14, r 3(1)
of the Rules of Court).

20 To satisfy the court that there is an issue or question in dispute which
ought to be tried (a “triable issue”), the defendant must show grounds which
raise a reasonable probability that he has a real or bona fide defence in
relation to the issues that he says ought to be tried (see Wee Cheng Swee
Henry v Jo Baby Kartika Polim [2015] 4 SLR 250 at [36], JP Choon Pte Ltd v Lal
Offshore Marine Pte Ltd [2016] SGHC 115 at [14] and Sim Kim Seng (trading as
Kim Seng Ship Building) v New West Coast Shipyard Pte Ltd [2016] SGHCR 2 at
[10]). In this regard, the task of the court is neatly summarised in the
following passage in Goh Chok Tong v Chee Soon Juan [2003] 3 SLR(R) 32 at
[25]:

25 It is a settled principle of law that in an application for summary
judgment, the defendant will not be given leave to defend based on mere
assertions alone: Banque de Paris et des Pays-Bas (Suisse) SA v Costa de Naray
and Christopher John Walters [1984] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 21 at 23. The court must be
convinced that there is a reasonable probability that the defendant has a real
or bona fide defence in relation to the issues. In this regard, the standard
to be applied was well-articulated by Laddie J in Microsoft Corporation v
Electro-Wide Limited [1997] FSR 580, where he said at 593 to 594 that:

[I]t is not sufficient just to look at each factual issue one by one and to
consider whether it is possible that the defendant’s story in relation to that
issue is credible. The court must look at the complete account of events put
forward by both the plaintiff and the defendants and … look at the whole
situation. The mere fact that the defendants support their defence by sworn
evidence does not mean that the court is obliged to suspend its critical
faculties and accept that evidence as if it was probably accurate. If, having
regard to inconsistency with contemporaneous documents, inherent
implausibility and other compelling evidence, the defence is not credible, the
court must say so. It should not let the filing of evidence which surpasses
belief deprive a plaintiff of its entitlement to relief.

[emphasis added]

21 In a passage cited with approval recently by the Singapore High Court in
M2B World Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Matsumura Akihiko [2015] 1 SLR 325 at [19]
and Calvin Klein, Inc and another v HS International Pte Ltd and others [2016]
5 SLR 1183 at [45], the Supreme Court of Malaysia observed in Bank Negara
Malaysia v Mohd Ismail & Ors [1992] 1 MLJ 400 that:

Under an O 14 application, the duty of a judge does not end as soon as a fact
is asserted by one party, and denied or disputed by the other in an affidavit.
Where such assertion, denial or dispute is equivocal, or lacking in precision
or is inconsistent with undisputed contemporary documents or other statements
by the same deponent, or is inherently improbable in itself, then the judge
has a duty to reject such assertion or denial, thereby rendering the issue not
triable.

[emphasis added]

22 Further, as observed in Ritzland Investment Pte Ltd v Grace Management &
Consultancy Services Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 1342 at [46]:

The policy underlying summary judgment is twofold and comprises a private and
a public element. First, summary judgment enables a plaintiff with a strong
claim to secure a judgment in a period of time and at an expense which is
proportionate to the dispute. Second, summary judgment proceedings enable the
court to conserve scarce public resources where there is no reasonable or fair
probability that deploying those resources in a full trial would make a
difference to the just determination of the dispute.

23 Finally, as noted in Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party and
others and another suit [2007] 1 SLR(R) 675, the fact that an action involves
complex issues is not an answer to a claim for summary judgment if the claim
is otherwise well-founded (at [19]).

Whether the plaintiff has made out a prima facie case for summary judgment

24 It is settled law that an order or bearer bill entitles the holder to call
for delivery of the goods to which the bill of lading relates. The carrier who
issued the bill of lading is thus obliged to deliver the goods only to the
person in possession of the bill, whether as original shipper or as transferee
of the bill by indorsement (where necessary) and delivery.

25 In the present case, the bills of lading were signed on behalf of the
master of Yue You 902 and made “To Order”. As the bills were blank endorsed by
FGV before delivery to OCBC, they were in OCBC’s hands, bearer bills: see
Bandung Shipping Pte Ltd v Keppel TatLee Bank Ltd [2003] 1 SLR(R) 295 (“Keppel
TatLee”) at [20] per Chao Hick Tin JA. OCBC acquired a special property in the
goods as pledgee when it granted a trust receipt loan to Aavanti for the
purchase price. OCBC thus became holder of the bills of lading pursuant to s
5(2)(b) of the Bills of Lading Act. When OCBC demanded delivery of the cargo
as holder of the bills of lading, the Defendant did not make the delivery to
OCBC as demanded.

26 These elements are sufficient to make out a prima facie case that the
Defendant has breached its duty to deliver the cargo to OCBC upon presentation
of the bills of lading.

Whether there are triable issues or some other reason for the matter to go to
trial

27 The Defendant raised six separate defences. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at paras 11–13.

First, it was claimed that OCBC had not acquired any right of suit under the
Bills of Lading Act. The cargo had been discharged on the morning of 29 April
2016, prior to the plaintiff becoming the holder of the bills of lading. As
such, the Defendant argued that the bills had become spent before the
plaintiff acquired the bills.

28 Second, it was alleged that OCBC was not a holder of the bills in good
faith under s 5(2) of the Bills of Lading Act as OCBC had obtained the bills
for a mere right of suit. In this regard, it was also alleged that the
plaintiff had particular knowledge of Aavanti’s commercial practices and knew
the cargo had already been discharged against a LOI by the time OCBC became
holder of the bills.

29 Third, it was claimed that OCBC had consented, authorised, or otherwise
ratified the discharge of the cargo without presentation of the bills.

30 Fourth, the Defendant claimed that estoppel by convention or acquiescence
prevented OCBC from asserting the claim for wrongful discharge.

31 Fifth, it was alleged that OCBC did not have the right to sue in conversion
as OCBC did not become holder of the bills of lading until after the cargo has
been discharged.

32 Sixth, it was claimed that OCBC had no claim in bailment as it was not in a
bailor-bailee relationship with the Defendant.

33 The Defendant also argued that the measure of damages should not have been
the invoiced sums, but the market value of the goods at the time and place
where they should have been delivered, less the costs of delivery. It was
submitted by the Defendant that expert evidence at trial was required to
determine the issue. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at paras 161–162.

Issue 1: Did the plaintiff acquire a right of suit pursuant to s 2 of the
Bills of Lading Act?

34 To appreciate the Defendant’s submission concerning s 2 of the Bills of
Lading Act, it is useful to first set out the relevant parts of s 2:

2.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a person who
becomes —

(a) the lawful holder of a bill of lading;

…

shall (by virtue of becoming the holder of the bill or, as the case may be,
the person to whom delivery is to be made) have transferred to and vested in
him all rights of suit under the contract of carriage as if he had been a
party to that contract.

(2) Where, when a person becomes the lawful holder of a bill of lading,
possession of the bill no longer gives a right (as against the carrier) to
possession of the goods to which the bill relates, that person shall not have
any rights transferred to him by virtue of subsection (1) unless he becomes
the holder of the bill —

(a) by virtue of a transaction effected in pursuance of any contractual or
other arrangements made before the time when such a right to possession ceased
to attach to possession of the bill; or

(b) as a result of the rejection to that person by another person of goods or
documents delivered to the other person in pursuance of any such arrangements.

…

[emphases added]

35 The Singapore Bills of Lading Act is in fact UK’s Carriage of Goods by Sea
Act 1992 (“COGSA 1992”) made applicable in Singapore by s 4(1)(a) of the
Application of English Law Act (Cap 7A, 1994 Rev Ed). COGSA 1992 was enacted
to address certain difficulties encountered with the Bills of Lading Act 1855
(UK), which tied the transfer of contractual rights of suit under a bill of
lading to the passing of property in the goods to which the bill relates.
(Prior to the enactment of the Bills of Lading Act 1855, transfer of a bill
lading operated, at common law, to transfer constructive possession of the
goods (as well as property in the goods, if so intended) but did not operate
to transfer contractual rights under the contract of carriage contained in or
evidenced by the bill. The Bills of Lading Act 1855 plugged this gap by
providing that contractual rights of suit under a bill of lading would be
transferred in cases where property in the goods “pass, upon or by reason” of
the transfer of the bill.) First, COGSA 1992 decoupled the transfer of rights
of suit from the passing of property. Secondly, to address the concern that
decoupling the transfer of rights of suit from the passing of property could
lead to potentially undesirable transfer of rights after a bill of lading is
spent, COGSA 1992 imposes limits on the transfer of rights of suit in relation
to spent bills.

36 Thus s 2(1) of COGSA 1992 provides for transfer of rights of suit to the
lawful holder of a bill of lading “by virtue of [him] becoming the holder of
the bill”. There is no longer a reference to the passing of property in the
goods (as was the case with s 1 of the Bills of Lading Act 1855). Section 2(2)
then carves out an exception for cases where “possession of the bill no longer
gives a right (as against the carrier) to possession of the goods to which the
bill relates” (ie, “spent” bills). Section 2(2) provides that the transfer of
a spent bill does not transfer any rights of suit unless ss 2(2)(a) or (b)
applies. Section 2(2)(a) allows the transfer of a spent bill to have the
effect of transferring rights of suit if the transfer of the bill was pursuant
to “contractual or other arrangements” made before the bill became spent.
Section 2(2)(b) concerns rejection of goods or documents by a buyer, and is
not relevant for present purposes.

37 The Defendant adopts a two-step submission. In the first step, the
Defendant submits that, because OCBC became the holder of the bills of lading
after the Defendant had completed delivery of the cargo to Ruchi, the bills
have become spent before OCBC became their holder. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at para 15.

Consequently, s 2(2) of the Bills of Lading Act applies, and no rights of suit
could be transferred to OCBC unless OCBC can bring itself within s 2(2)(a). In
the second step, the Defendant submits that OCBC’s situation does not fall
within s 2(2)(a) because the relevant “contractual or other arrangements” for
the purpose of s 2(2)(a) is the granting of the loan by OCBC to Aavanti. Since
this took place after the Defendant had completed delivery of the cargo to
Ruchi, it is not a contractual or other arrangement made before the bills
became spent. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at para 23.

Consequently, OCBC could not derive any rights of suit pursuant to s 2(2)(a)
read with s 2(1).

Whether the bills of lading had become spent by the time OCBC became their
holders

38 In the first step of its submission, the Defendant adopts the following two
alternative routes:

(a) Assuming that the weight of the authorities favours the view that that a
bill of lading is spent when the goods covered by it have been delivered to
the person entitled to delivery under the bill, it is the Defendant’s
submission that FGV was a person so entitled because FGV was still the holder
of the bills of lading at the time the cargo was being discharged. Therefore,
delivery to Ruchi on FGV’s instructions constituted delivery to a person
entitled.

(b) Alternatively, the Defendant urges the court to adopt a wider
interpretation of s 2(2) of the Bills of Lading Act, and hold that s 2(2)
applies once the carrier has parted with possession of the cargo irrespective
of whether delivery was made to a person entitled or not.

39 I will deal first with the alternative submission at [38(b)] above, as it
raises an issue which is conceptually antecedent to that raised in the
Defendant’s primary submission at [38(a)] above. The key to assessing the
correctness of this alternative submission is the meaning to be assigned to
the phrase “possession of the bill no longer gives a right (as against the
carrier) to possession of the goods to which the bill relates” in s 2(2), as
the meaning of that phrase determines whether s 2(2) applies or not.

40 After citing a passage from The Law Commission and The Scottish Law
Commission, Rights of Suit in Respect of Carriage of Goods by Sea (Report, Law
Com. No. 196, Scot. Law Com. No. 130, 19 March 1991) (“the Law Commission
Report”) which referred to a bill of lading being incapable of transferring
constructive possession of the goods once the goods have been delivered to a
person entitled under the bill of lading, the Defendant submits that “it is
noteworthy that the drafters of the UK COGSA 1992 chose not to limit the
wording of Section 2(2) to when the cargo covered by the bill of lading was
delivered to the person entitled to delivery under the bills of lading”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at para 30.

41 The Defendant then suggested that:

(a) no local cases have dealt with this point, as Belinda Ang Saw Ean J had
left the point open in BNP Paribas v Bandung Shipping Pte Ltd (Shweta
International Pte Ltd and another, third parties) [2003] 3 SLR(R) 611 (“BNP
Paribas”); and

(b) the determination of this important issue mandates that the matter proceed
to trial.

42 Taking the last argument first, there is no principle of law or procedure
which says that an important point of law cannot be dealt with in summary
judgment proceedings. This is especially so in the present case, where:

(a) the resolution of the point of law does not involve any factual disputes;
and

(b) more than a year had elapsed between the initial filing of OCBC’s summary
judgment application and the hearing before me, thus giving parties ample time
and opportunity to research and submit on the relevant points of law.

43 Given the factual matrix, the Defendant submits that OCBC became the holder
of the bills of lading only at 8:32pm on 29 April 2016, when OCBC remitted the
funds to Maybank. To simplify the summary judgment proceedings, OCBC agreed to
concede the point solely for the purposes of the summary judgment proceedings,
while reserving its right to show, in subsequent stages of these proceedings
(if it becomes necessary) that OCBC became the holder of the bills of lading
before 29 April 2016. Since the funds were remitted to Maybank only after the
discharge of cargo was completed, the implication of this concession is that,
for the purposes of the summary judgment proceedings, I am obliged to assume
that OCBC became holder of the bills of lading only after the Defendant had
completely discharged the cargo and delivered it to Ruchi. For this reason,
there are no relevant disputes of fact, for the purpose of the summary
judgment proceedings, which touch on the issue of whether s 2(2) of the Bills
of Lading Act applies.

44 As for the argument at [41(a)] above, the Defendant is mistaken that Ang J
had left the point of law open in BNP Paribas. The relevant part of her
judgment reads:

30 I also find that the cargo was delivered between the months of May and June
2000 to persons who were not entitled to possession so much so that BNP is not
a holder of spent bills of lading (both switch and Batam bills). The contract
of carriage generally continues and the bill of lading remains effective,
until the goods are delivered to the person entitled under the bill of lading:
see The Future Express [1992] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 79. In that case, the bill of
lading was not spent or exhausted as delivery was not to the person who had a
right to demand delivery or was entitled to them. The goods were delivered
against an indemnity to a person who did not have a right to delivery under
the bill of lading. The decision was affirmed on grounds that made it
unnecessary for the Court of Appeal to decide on the issue whether the bill of
lading was spent.

31 Even if a contrary view is taken that once the carrier has parted with
possession of the cargo the bill of lading cannot transfer constructive
possession of the cargo, BNP would be a holder who would come within the
provisions of s 2(2) of the Bills of Lading Act and the extended definition of
“holder” in s 5(2). A holder of a bill which is indorsed after delivery has
taken place could still sue the carrier in contract: s 2(2). The holder must
have become a holder by virtue of some prior transaction (ie facility
agreement as in this case) before the bill of lading became spent: s 5(2)(c).

45 Ang J could not have been clearer at [30] of BNP Paribas that she was
making a definitive finding. The sentence “I also find that the cargo was
delivered … to persons who were not entitled to possession so much so that BNP
is not a holder of spent bills of lading” could only mean that Ang J found
that delivery to persons not entitled does not cause a bill of lading to be
spent. The point made at [31] is merely an “even if” point to fully address
all possibilities. It is not language used by a judge who wishes to leave a
point open.

46 Therefore, contrary to the Defendant’s submission, the position under
Singapore law has been clearly and definitively articulated in BNP Paribas
which I respectfully follow. However, since BNP Paribas cited The Future
Express [1992] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 79 as authority for the proposition at [30], and
since the correctness of certain dicta in The Future Express had been doubted
in some textbooks, I will consider The Future Express in greater detail below.
It suffices for the moment to note that the specific dictum from The Future
Express which BNP Paribas relied on was not the subject of the said academic
criticism.

(1) Meaning of the phrase “possession of the bill no longer gives a right (as
against the carrier) to possession of the goods to which the bill relates”

47 I will begin my discussion with the Defendant’s argument, at [40] above,
concerning the lack wording in s 2(2) to expressly limit its application to
cases where the delivery of cargo was made to persons entitled under the bill
of lading. The wording which the drafters of s 2(2) chose is “possession of
the bill no longer gives a right (as against the carrier) to possession of the
goods to which the bill relates” (“the Phrase in Question”). This language
does not seek to catalogue in detail all the individual scenarios under which
a bill would become spent. Instead, it is language describing a generic or
overarching concept. It is therefore not surprising that specific scenarios,
such as delivery to a person entitled, are not singled out for mention in s
2(2). The lack of specific reference in s 2(2) to particular scenarios (such
as delivery to persons entitled) is merely a drafting technique to ensure that
the Phrase in Question is crafted in a sufficiently general manner to include
all instances where a bill of lading would become spent at law, without having
to list out all the possible scenarios one by one. This manner of drafting is
not evidence of a decision on the part of the drafters to create new
categories of spent bills not previously known to law.

48 In my view, the Phrase in Question in s 2(2) and the similar phrase found
in s 5(2)(c) of the Bills of Lading Act refer to the document of title
function of a bill of lading in transferring constructive possession of the
goods to which the bill relates. That this is the reading intended by the
drafters of COGSA 1992 is made abundantly clear in the Law Commission Report,
which refers to “transfer [of] constructive possession” at para 2.42 and to
“transferable document of title” at paras 2.22 and 2.44 and at p 53 in the
explanatory note to cl 5(2) of the draft Bill. In East West Corporation v DKBS
1912 [2002] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 182 (“East West Corp (HC)”, Thomas J held, at [40],
that:

It seems to me clear from the 1992 Act that the reference to the right to
possess is a reference to one of the primary rights emanating from the bill of
lading’s function as a document of title.

[emphasis added]

On appeal, Mance LJ similarly held, in East West Corporation v DKBS AF 1925
A/S and another [2003] QB 1509 (“East West Corp (CA)”) at [44], that:

However, section 2(2) refers to the possibility of a person becoming the
holder of a bill at a time “when … possession of the bill no longer gives a
right (as against the carrier) to possession of the goods to which the bill
relates”, and to “the time when such a right to possession ceased to attach to
possession of the bill”. Whilst this assumes a linkage between possession of
the bill and possession of the goods, the subsection’s purpose is no more than
to regulate the passing of contractual rights in circumstances when a bill of
lading would at common law be regarded as “spent”.

[emphasis added]

49 Scrutton on Charterparties and Bills of Lading (Bernard Eder et al, eds)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 23rd Ed, 2015) (“Scrutton”) takes the same view, commenting,
at para 3-021, that:

Once a bill of lading is spent, in that it no longer embodies constructive
possession of the goods to which it refers, s.2(2) of the 1992 Act provides
that in principle its transfer to a lawful holder does not trigger a transfer
of rights of suit under s.2(1).

[emphasis added]

Similarly, Stephen Girvin, Carriage of Goods by Sea (Oxford University Press,
2nd Ed, 2011) (“Girvin”) takes the view that the Phrase in Question refers to
the ability of a bill of lading to transfer constructive possession (at paras
8.32–8.36). In a similar vein, Interests in Goods (Norman Palmer & Ewan
McKendrick, eds) (LLP, 2nd Ed, 1998) (“Palmer & McKendrick”) considered that s
2(2) applies to a bill of lading “after its function as a document of title
has been exhausted” (at p 592).

50 I should note for completeness that Carver on Bills of Lading (Guenter
Treitel & F.M.B. Reynolds, eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2017) (“Carver”)
suggests that the Phrase in Question “seems, from the context, to indicate
that the “right” referred to is the contractual right to have the goods
delivered and this is not necessarily the same as the constructive possession
of the goods” (emphasis in original) (at para 6-035). Similarly, the learned
authors of Bills of Ladings (Richard Aikens, Richard Lord & Michael Bools)
(Informa Law, 2nd Ed, 2016) (“Aikens, Lord & Bools”) also considered, at para
8.82, that the Phrase in Question refers to “a contractual right to
possession”.

51 While Carver cites no authorities for the view that the Phrase in Question
refers to a contractual right to possession, Aikens, Lord & Bools cites the
judgment of Aikens J in The Ythan [2006] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 457 as authority for
this view. In that case, the cargo was totally lost when the vessel carrying
it sank as a result of an explosion. As the buyer acquired the bill of lading
after the destruction of the cargo, the issue was whether any rights of suit
were transferred to the buyer pursuant to s 2(1) of COGSA 1992. In holding
that the applicable provision for determining whether the buyer became holder
of the bills was s 5(2)(c) of COGSA 1992, Aikens J reasoned as follows:

70\. In my view, valuable assistance on the ambit of the words in s 5(2)(c)
‘at a time when possession of the bill no longer gave a right (as against the
carrier) to possession of the goods” is gained from the analysis of Lord
Hobhouse in his speech in The Berge Sisar. In para [31] of his opinion, Lord
Hobhouse notes that the 1992 Act is concerned solely with contractual
obligations created in a bill of lading in relation to the carriage and
delivery up of the goods. He emphasises that the Act is not dealing with
proprietary rights of anyone who becomes a holder of the bill of lading. This
distinction is important. It means that when a ship sinks and the cargo
carried under a bill of lading is lost permanently, the question to ask in
connection with the wording in section 5(2)(c) under consideration is: does
possession of the bill of lading any longer give a contractual right (as
against the carrier) to possession of the goods to which the bill relates?

[emphasis in original]

52 With respect to Aikens J, I believe Lord Hobhouse was not discussing s
5(2)(c) or s 2(2) at [31] of The Berge Sisar [2002] 2 AC 205. Instead, Lord
Hobhouse’s comment was directed specifically at s 3 of COGSA 1992. The
relevant part of Lord Hobhouse’s remarks at [31] reads:

The important point which is demonstrated by this part of the report and
carried into the Act is that it is the contractual rights, not the proprietary
rights (be they general or special), that are to be relevant. The relevant
consideration is the mutuality of the contractual relationship transferred to
the endorsee and the reciprocal contractual rights and obligations which arise
from that relationship.

[emphasis added]

53 The phrase “this part of the report” in the passage quoted above refers to
paras 3.15–3.22 of the Law Commission Report (which Lord Hobhouse quoted in an
earlier part of the same paragraph). These paragraphs of the Law Commission
Report dealt with what eventually became s 3 of COGSA 1992. That is a
provision dealing with the mutuality of contractual relationship between the
shipowner and the holder of a bill of lading who had contractual rights under
the bill transferred to him. In my view, Lord Hobhouse’s comment that COGSA
1992 transfers contractual rights and not proprietary rights does not affect
how the Phrase in Question should be understood. This is because the Phrase in
Question does not purport to be an operative phrase transferring any rights.
Instead, the Phrase in Question merely defines a condition which, if present,
could dis-apply the operative provision for transfer in s 2(1).

54 Further, as noted by Thomas J in East West Corp (HC), at [50]:

The rights transferred to the lawful holder under the 1992 Act are the “rights
of suit”; this phrase was taken from the 1855 Act. Although “rights of suit”
have been described as rights of “suing upon the contract” (as in The Freedom,
(1871) L.R. 3 P.C. 594 at p. 599), the phrase was not used to distinguish
“rights of suit” from “rights under the contract”. It is clear, in my view,
that the phrase refers not merely to the right to sue, but the rights under
the contract. These include the contractual right as against the carrier to
demand delivery against presentation of the bill of lading and hence the right
to possess.

[emphasis added]

Thus what is transferred by s 2(1) is not merely the right to sue, but also
contractual rights generally under the contract of carriage, including the
contractual right to possession. Since s 2(1), if applicable, would transfer
the contractual right to possession, and the Phrase in Question determines
whether s 2(1) applies, it would be circular to read the Phrase in Question as
also referring to the contractual right to possession (as opposed to referring
to constructive possession pursuant to the bill of lading’s function as a
document of title).

55 Finally, Aikens, Lord & Bools remarked, at para 8.49, that the phrase
“right (as against the carrier) to possession”, which forms part of the Phrase
in Question, did not appear in the Law Commission Report. To the extent that
this remark may be taken as support for the view that the Phrase in Question,
as enacted in s 2(2) should be given a different meaning from that envisaged
in paras 2.42–2.44 of the Law Commission Report, I would point out that the
remark is inaccurate. The phrase “right as against the carrier to possession”
actually appears in para 2.42 of the Law Commission Report.

56 I do not think much turns on whether the Phrase in Question refers to the
transfer of constructive possession or the transfer of contractual right to
possession, if it is not suggested that the ambit of s 2(2) would be broader
or narrower under one or the other view of the phrase. However, to the extent
that it is suggested that the ambit of s 2(2) would differ according to
whether the Phrase in Question is understood as referring to the contractual
right to possession or to the transfer of constructive possession, I would
prefer the view taken in Scrutton, Girvin, Palmer & McKendrick, East West Corp
(HC) and East West Corp (CA) because it more closely reflects the
recommendations and discussion in the Law Commission Report.

57 In other words, I hold that, irrespective of whether the Phrase in Question
is understood as referring to the transfer of contractual right to possession
or to the transfer of constructive possession, the Phrase in Question ought to
be interpreted as covering the situation where a bill of lading would at
common law be regarded as spent.

(2) Whether a bill of lading is spent by delivery to a person not entitled to
delivery under the bill

58 On the basis of my holding that a “spent bill” for the purpose of s 2(2)
covers the same ground as a spent bill at common law, I return to consider the
Defendant’s submission that delivery by a carrier to a person not entitled to
delivery under the bill of lading would cause the bill to be spent. In my
view, this submission goes against the position well established in the case
law of the past 150 years, that delivery to a person not entitled does not
cause a bill of lading to be spent.

59 In Barber v Meyerstein (1870) LR 4 HL 317, a bill of lading was pledged for
a loan after the goods have been landed but were still held at the wharf on
behalf of the shipowner pending payment of freight. It was held (at 330 and
332) that the bill was not yet spent at the time of pledge as the goods have
not yet been delivered to a person entitled to possession of the same. More
than a hundred years later, Barber v Meyerstein continued to be cited with
approval in The Delfini [1990] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 252 (per Mustill LJ at 269).

60 After the enactment of COGSA 1992, it was held in East West Corp (HC) that
a bill of lading was not spent when the goods to which the bill relates were
delivered to a person who had no right to take delivery of the goods and,
consequently, s 2(2) of COGSA 1992 did not apply in such a situation (at
[39]–[41]). More recently, in The Erin Schulte [2015] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 97 (“The
Erin Schulte (CA)”), although it was common ground between parties at first
instance that the bill of lading was spent when the cargo was delivered
against a LOI from the seller, Moore-Bick LJ commented on appeal that this
concession was wrongly made. As Moore-Bick LJ explained (at [53]):

It was common ground below that by 7 July 2010, when [the seller] accepted
payment from [the bank], the bill of lading no longer gave a right as against
[the carrier] to possession of the goods to which it related because that
right had been lost once discharge began on 15 June 2010. In my view, that was
not in fact the case, because the rights under the contract of carriage,
including the right to obtain delivery of the goods from the carrier, did not
cease when the goods were discharged against the letter of indemnity. They
remained in existence and were capable of forming the basis of a claim against
[the carrier] for misdelivery.

[emphasis added]

In other words, delivery to the buyer against a seller’s LOI does not have the
effect of bringing the matter within the ambit of s 2(2).

61 In Singapore, it was held in BNP Paribas (at [30]) that delivery to a
person not entitled does not cause the bill of lading to be spent. It was
similarly held in the later case of The Pacific Vigorous [2006] 3 SLR(R) 374
that (at [5]):

Even though the shipowner no longer has the goods, the bill of lading is not
spent and as such it does not cease to be a transferable document of title.
The contract of carriage generally continues and the bill of lading remains
effective until the goods are delivered to the person entitled under the bill
of lading…

62 Concerning the use of LOIs, I return to the case of The Future Express
which I had discussed briefly at [46] above. In that case, the cargo was
shipped in March 1985 and discharged at the destination and delivered to the
buyer about two months later against a LOI from the seller. In the meantime,
the seller had agreed at the buyer’s request to delay sending the shipping
documents through the banking chain, in order to delay the moment when the
buyer would need to reimbursement the buyer’s bank for payments made under the
letter of credit. This meant that, at the time of discharge and delivery of
the cargo, the seller was still in possession of the bills of lading. At the
same time, the deadline for negotiation of the shipping documents under the
letter of credit was extended by the buyer’s bank, at the buyer’s request,
from July 1985 to September 1985 and then to December 1985. In December 1985,
the buyer requested a further extension of the deadline for negotiation of
documents to March 1986. By then the buyer’s bank had found out that cargo had
already been discharged and delivered, but it nevertheless agreed to extend
the deadline to March 1986. The seller put the shipping documents into the
banking chain within this new deadline. After the buyer’s bank made payment
under the letter of credit and failed to recover the payment from the buyer,
it sued the shipowner under the bills of lading.

63 As The Future Express was decided before the enactment of COGSA 1992, the
transfer of contractual rights of suit under a bill of lading still depended
on passing of property in the underlying goods. Judge Diamond QC therefore
disposed of the case on the basis that the buyer’s bank was not a pledgee
either because the seller did not intend to create a charge over the goods
through delivery of the bills of lading (since passing of property is a matter
of intention) or because the seller was incapable of creating a charge over
the goods due to the nemo dat rule (since general property in the goods had
already passed by agreement from the seller to the buyer before the shipping
documents were put in the banking chain) (at 93).

64 Judge Diamond QC then went on to discuss, in obiter, whether the bills of
lading were exhausted as documents of title. After considering the
authorities, Judge Diamond QC raised the hypothetical situation of “delivery
of goods against an indemnity to a person who was rightfully entitled to them
had he surrendered the bill of lading” (emphasis added) and suggested that he
“would, however, be reluctant to hold that a bill of lading becomes exhausted
as a document of title once the carrier has delivered the goods against an
indemnity to a person authorized to receive delivery” (emphasis added) (at
99). He then went on to say:

It is not, however, necessary in the present case to express any concluded
view on the question I have just discussed since it is clear in any event that
delivery of goods was not made to some person having a right to claim them
under the bills of lading, within the test laid down by Mr. Justice Willes in
Meyerstein v. Barber.

[emphasis added]

65 In other words, Judge Diamond QC:

(a) held that delivery against a LOI to a person who is not entitled to claim
them under the bills of lading does not exhaust a bill of lading and that, on
the facts of the case, the buyer was not a person entitled to delivery when
the cargo was delivered to him against a LOI from the seller; and

(b) expressed a preferred view (without deciding the point) that delivery to a
person entitled under the bill of lading would also not exhaust the bill if
the delivery is made against a LOI without surrender of the bill of lading.

While the point at (b) above had been doubted in works like Carver (para
6-036), Girvin (para 8.34), Scrutton (para 10-036, fn 137) and Aikens, Lord &
Bools (paras 2.95–2.96), none of these learned works took issue with Judge
Diamond QC’s conclusion at point (a) above. In other words, the specific point
in The Future Express which BNP Paribas relied on remains uncontroversial and
the correctness of that point had not been doubted in the academic literature.

66 One might ask, if a bill of lading is spent only when delivery is made to a
person entitled to delivery under the bill, would the scenario of trafficking
in spent bills, as described in para 2.43 of the Law Commission Report ever
arise? In other words, would not delivery to a person entitled involve
presentation and surrender of the bill of lading to the carrier, thus leaving
no room for the further transfer of the bill? Secondly, if a bill of lading is
spent only if delivery is made to a person entitled to delivery under the bill
of lading, would the fact that a bill is spent imply that there was no
misdelivery? If so, would any purpose be served by transferring rights of suit
to the holder of the bill of lading pursuant to s 2(2)(a) given that there
would be no occasion for such a transferee to make claims for misdelivery
against the carrier?

67 With regard to the first group of questions, the premise that delivery to a
person entitled under a bill of lading necessarily involves surrender of the
full set of bill of lading to the carrier is incorrect. First, bills of lading
are typically issued in sets of three originals (also described as “issued in
three parts”). Bills issued in sets of three typically contain a clause which
reads along the lines of: “one of which being accomplished, the others will be
void”. A carrier is not obliged (and also not entitled) to call for the full
set of bill of lading before making delivery. Instead, the carrier is obliged
to deliver so long as any one of the three parts of the bill of lading is
presented to him. (See Scrutton at para 13-009, Carver at para 6-077 and
Aikens, Lord & Bool at para 5.65.) The carrier’s delivery against one part of
the bill of lading would render all three parts spent. Therefore, in a
situation where only one part of a bill of lading is presented to the carrier,
there would be opportunities for the other two parts to be transferred or
pledged separately from the first part. Examples of how this could happen are
found in some of the older reported cases, such as Barber v Meyerstein and
Glyn Mills Currie & Co v The East and West India Dock Company (1882) LR 7 App
Cas 591 (“Glyn Mills”). In Barber v Meyerstein, the transferee of a bill of
lading issued in three parts pledged two parts to Meyerstein and, two days
later, pledged the third part to Barber, who obtained delivery of the cargo
from the carrier using this third part of the bill of lading. In Glyn Mills,
the consignee of a bill of lading issued in three parts pledged one part of
the bill to a bank to secure a loan and then proceeded, without the bank’s
knowledge or consent, to obtain delivery of the cargo from the carrier using
the second part of the bill.

68 Secondly, while a carrier’s duty is to deliver on presentation of a bill of
lading, the carrier is not obliged to retain the bill of lading so presented
or require its surrender. This creates the possibility that all three parts of
the bill may continue to remain physically in the hands of the party who
received delivery of the cargo even though the bill has already been spent by
the said delivery.

69 Thirdly, the bill of lading would be spent by delivery to a person entitled
to delivery under the bill of lading even if the delivery was made without the
carrier sighting the bill of lading. While the carrier may be acting
negligently and in breach of the contract of carriage for delivering without
sight of the bill of lading, whether the bill is spent depends on whether
delivery was made to the right person and not on whether the carrier knew that
he had delivered to the right person. Thus delivery to the right person would
cause the bill to be spent even though the carrier had not ascertained whether
the person receiving delivery was a person entitled. (This scenario is similar
to the hypothetical situation discussed by Judge Diamond QC in The Future
Express – see [65(b)] above. Like the learned authors of Carver, Girvin,
Scrutton and Aikens, Lord & Bools, I prefer the view that the bill of lading
would be spent in such a situation.)

70 Fourthly, cargo could have been delivered to a person who was expecting to
receive, but had not yet received, the bill of lading. In that situation,
delivery of the cargo before the arrival the bill of lading would not cause
the bill of lading to be spent, as the person receiving the cargo was not yet
the holder of the bill. (As noted in Pacific Vigorous at [5], “the
shipowner…does not fulfil its contractual obligations if the goods are
delivered to a person (even the cargo owner) who cannot produce the bill of
lading”.) Nevertheless, the bill would become spent when the person who
received delivery of the goods subsequently becomes the holder of the bill of
lading. The bill of lading being the symbol of the goods, the office of the
symbol is exhausted when the symbol is united with the goods (see Barber v
Meyerstein at 333, per Lord Hatherley, LC).

71 In each of the four scenarios described above, the risk of trafficking in a
spent bill, as alluded to in para 2.43 of the Law Commission Report, would
exist and therefore there remains a role to be fulfilled by s 2(2) in each of
these scenarios.

72 As for the second group of questions at [66] above, the answer is that even
in a case where there is no misdelivery, there could still be contractual
rights of suit to transfer, eg, for damage to cargo, short delivery, etc.

73 For the foregoing reasons, I do not consider that s 2(2) would be rendered
otiose if it were held that a bill of lading is spent only when delivery is
made to a person entitled to delivery under the bill.

74 In the light of the foregoing, my holdings on the Defendant’s alternative
submission at [38(b)] above are:

(a) Section 2(2) of the Bills of Lading Act applies to a bill of lading which
is regarded at common law as spent; and

(b) Delivery against a LOI to a person who is not entitled to delivery under
the bill of lading does not cause the bill to be spent.

(3) Whether FGV was a person entitled to delivery under the bill of lading

75 I turn now to the Defendant’s primary submission, at [38(a)] above, that
FGV was a person entitled to delivery under the bill of lading. The Defendant
submitted that: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at paras 23, 27–28.

(a) at the time the cargo was being discharged, the bills of lading were in
OCBC’s custody but, as the purchase price had not yet been paid, neither OCBC
nor Aavanti could be regarded as the holder of the bills of lading;

(b) therefore, FGV remained the holder of the bills of lading at the time the
cargo was being discharged;

(c) since delivery to Ruchi at FGV’s instructions amounts to delivery to FGV,
the delivery was made to a person entitled to delivery under the bills of
lading.

76 This submission brings into issue the status of a seller under cost &
freight terms who had endorsed a bill of lading in blank and parted possession
with it by sending it through the banking chain with a bill of exchange, to be
delivered to the buyer on documents against payment basis. FGV had sold the
cargo to Aavanti on “Incoterms CNF”. “CNF” is the old abbreviation for “cost &
freight”, now abbreviated as “CFR” under the International Chamber of
Commerce’s rules on the use of domestic and international trade terms
(“Incoterms 2010”). One of the key obligations of the seller under CFR terms
is to provide the buyer with the “usual transport document for the agreed port
of destination” which must, among other things, “enable the buyer to claim the
goods from the carrier at the port of destination” (obligation A8 for CFR,
Incoterms 2010 (International Chamber of Commerce, 2010), at p 102).

77 In the present case, FGV blank endorsed the bills of lading and delivered
them to the buyer through banking channels. The bills of lading were received
by OCBC and presented to the buyer for acceptance one day before the discharge
of the cargo commenced. The bills of lading were accepted by the buyer (when
the buyer requested the trust receipt loan) and paid for by OCBC three days
later, within hours after completion of the discharge operation. (The
discharge operation lasted almost 40 hours.) The Defendant’s suggestion that,
under the relevant contractual arrangements, a seller in FGV’s position would
retain the ability to demand delivery of the cargo as the lawful holder of the
bills of lading while the bills were physically with the buyer’s bank awaiting
the buyer’s acceptance simply does not make sense.

78 In my view, it does not follow that, just because neither OCBC nor Aavanti
had become persons entitled to delivery under the bills of lading, FGV would
remain a person entitled to delivery under the bills of lading. Going back to
first principles, it seems clear to me that a seller who endorsed a bill of
lading and parted possession with it for the purpose of obtaining payment
would have rendered himself incapable of demanding delivery under the bill of
lading for the simple reason that he would be in no position to present the
bill of lading to the carrier in exchange for delivery of the cargo. In such a
situation, the seller would only regain his entitlement to delivery of the
cargo under the bill of lading if the bill were to be re-delivered to him
through the banking chain (typically, this would happen if the buyer does not
take up the bill).

79 Support for this view is found in The Erin Schulte (CA). In that case,
Moore-Bick LJ held that the buyer’s bank became holder of the bill of lading
only when it eventually made payment under the letter of credit on 7 July 2010
(at [56]), and not when the bill of lading was initially presented to it by
the seller’s bank on 4 June 2010. Moore-Bick LJ then noted (at [57]) that,
after the buyer’s bank informed on 9 June 2010 that it considered the shipping
documents to be non-compliant with the letter of credit, the buyer was
entitled to demand the return of the bill of lading for the purpose of taking
delivery of the cargo from the carrier. Instead, the buyer chose to issue a
LOI to the carrier for the carrier to discharge the cargo without bill of
lading (while leaving the bill of lading with the buyer’s bank). As noted at
[60] above, Moore-Bick LJ’s view is that discharge of the cargo under such
circumstances did not cause the bill of lading to be spent.

80 Furthermore, any claim that FGV was acting as lawful holder of the bills of
lading when it gave instructions concerning delivery is inconsistent with the
plain meaning of the relevant documents. FGV’s delivery instructions to the
Defendant is contained in its LOI to the Defendant dated 22 April 2016. It
reads: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

6QB, at pp 55–56.

The above cargo was shipped on the above ship by the above shipper and
consigned to the above consignee for delivery at the port NEW MANGALORE, INDIA
but the bill of lading has not arrived and we, FGV TRADING SDN BHD, hereby
request you to deliver the said cargo to RUCHI SOYA INDUSTRIES LIMITED …
without production of the original bill of lading.

In consideration of your complying with our above request, we hereby agree as
follows:-

1\. To indemnify you, your servants and agents and to hold all of you harmless
in respect of any liability, loss, damage or expense of whatsoever nature
which you may sustain by reason of delivering the cargo in accordance with our
request.

…

81 The draft LOI was accompanied by an email on 18 April 2016 from AC Tankers
Services Pte Ltd (“AC Tankers”), which the Defendant accepted were FGV’s
brokers. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

6QB, at para 10.

Significantly, AC Tankers’ representative emailed the Defendant stating “draft
LOI for delivery or cargo without OBL at New Mangalore for your approval”
(emphasis added). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

6QB, at p 54.

The delivery instructions from FGV assumed that delivery ought legally to have
been made against the original bill of lading, but explained that the bill of
lading had not arrived, thereby giving rise to the need for FGV to give the
carrier an indemnity to deliver without presentation of the bill of lading.
This is not the language used by a party claiming to be entitled to delivery
under the bill of lading as lawful holder. Instead, it is language used by a
party who recognised that it was not, at the material time, a person entitled
to delivery under the bill of lading. Were it otherwise, FGV’s delivery
instructions would have simply asserted that FGV, as lawful holder of the bill
of lading, was demanding delivery against presentation of the bills of lading.
As noted in Carver, the practice of delivery against LOI is “based on the
assumption that in law delivery can be claimed, and can be claimed only, by
the holder of the bill” (at para 6-009).

82 In the final analysis, it does not matter that, at the material time,
neither OCBC nor Aavanti had yet become persons entitled to delivery under the
bill of lading. The fact that OCBC had not yet become entitled to delivery
under the bill does not necessarily mean that FGV continued to remain a person
entitled. Whether FGV was entitled to delivery under the bill of lading would
depend on (a) whether the bill was endorsed to it or, alternatively, was blank
endorsed, and (b) whether it had possession of the bill of lading such that it
was in a position to present the bill of lading to the carrier in exchange for
delivery of the cargo. FGV did not meet criterion (b) at the material time.

83 For the foregoing reasons, I hold that neither FGV nor Ruchi were persons
entitled to delivery under the bills of lading at the time the cargo was being
discharged and delivered to Ruchi.

84 For completeness, I also considered whether the existence of cl 11 in the
voyage charterparty, which obliges the Defendant to deliver against a LOI from
FGV if bills of ladings are not available (see [6] above), would make any
difference to the foregoing analysis. This point was considered in BNP
Paribas, where Ang J analysed the issue in the following manner:

65 The bills provide that all conditions, liberties and exceptions of the
relevant charterparty are incorporated in the conditions of carriage. Clause
16 is identical in both charterparties. Clause 16 provides:

In the absence of original b/ls at discharge port(s), owners to release the
entire cargo to receivers against charterers’ LOI (Shweta or Lanyard) without
bank guarantee. (LOI wording always to be in Owners’ P and I Club format.)

66 Clause 16 recognises the need to present the bill of lading for Bandung to
deliver the cargo. It also reflects Bandung’s willingness to run the risk of
being held liable for wrongful discharge of cargo should problems arise in
relation to payment. The right of the holder of a bill of lading is not taken
away by a provision for the vessel to discharge against a letter of indemnity
even though the vessel would arrive at the discharge port ahead of the bill of
lading. Tamberlin J in The Stone Gemini [1999] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 255 considered a
similar clause. He stated at 266:

The letter of indemnity is designed to provide a remedy for a shipowner, where
the master releases cargo at the request of a party, in respect of claims
which may be brought as a consequence of such release. It is not an authority
by the holder of the bearer bill of lading for the shipowner to deliver the
cargo to whoever produces a letter of indemnity.

67 Clarke J in The Sormovskiy 3068 said at 274:

The purpose of the clause was to ensure that the defendants would discharge
the cargo even if the bill of lading was not available for presentation, but
on terms that they would be protected by a letter of indemnity. It thus
contemplated that they would be liable to the holder of the bill of lading if
they delivered otherwise than in return for an original bill of lading.

68 Choo Han Teck JC (as he then was) in The Nordic Freedom [1999] 3 SLR(R) 507
considered a clause similar to cl 16 and came to the same conclusion.

69 Accordingly, cl 16 and its incorporation in the bills of lading cannot on a
proper consideration provide a defence to wrongful discharge of the cargo
against letters of indemnity.

85 I agree with the foregoing analysis and would similarly hold that the
existence of cl 11 in the charterparty in the present case does not affect the
conclusion I have reached at [83] above.

(4) Conclusion on whether the bills of lading were spent

86 In the light of the matters discussed above, I hold that the bills of
lading were not spent by the time OCBC become holder of the bills.

Assuming the bills of lading were spent, whether OCBC came within s 2(2)(a)

87 Assuming I was wrong on the question of whether the bills of lading were
spent when the cargo was discharged, and assuming therefore that s 2(2)
applies, the issue then is whether OCBC had become holder of the bills “by
virtue of a transaction effected in pursuance of any contractual or other
arrangements” made before the time when the bills had become spent (s
2(2)(a)).

(1) The law

88 The key terms in s 2(2)(a) are “transaction”, “in pursuance of” and
“contractual or other arrangements”. A distinction is drawn in s 2(2)(a)
between the “transaction” by virtue of which a person became the holder of the
bill of lading and “contractual or other arrangements” pursuant to which the
“transaction” was effected. As explained in The Ythan, the term “transaction”
refers to the physical process by which the bill is transferred from one
person to another (at [66]) while “contractual or other arrangements” refers
to the reason or cause for the transfer (at [84]).

89 In The David Agmashenebeli [2003] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 92, Colman J held that, for
a transfer to be regarded as having been “effected in pursuance of any
contractual or other arrangements”, it has to be a transfer “provided for by
the antecedent contractual or other arrangements” or “called for” by the
contractual or other arrangements (at 118). In The Pace [2010] 1 Lloyd’s Rep
183, Teare J noted (at [45]) that the use of the term “called for” by Colman J
suggested a requirement that a transferee needed to be entitled to the
transfer of the bill of lading pursuant to the terms of the contractual or
other arrangements. Teare J considered this requirement to be unnecessarily
strict having regard to the fact that the object and purpose of s 2(2) was to
prevent “trafficking in bills of lading simply as pieces of paper which give
causes of action against sea carriers” (at [48]). Instead, Teare J suggested
that:

… the objective or aim of section 2(2)(a) to avoid trafficking in bills of
lading will be achieved if the reason or cause of the transfer is the
contractual or other arrangements in existence before the bills were spent.
Such an interpretation may have a wider scope than one based upon contractual
entitlement…but it is nevertheless consistent with the aim or object of
section 2(2)(a). It will avoid trafficking in bills of lading.

[emphasis added]

90 It was also suggested in The Ythan that such “reason or cause” should be
the “immediate reason and proximate cause of the transfer” (at [85]). In The
Erin Schulte [2013] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 338 (“The Erin Schulte (HC)”), Teare J
disagreed that the test should be “immediate reason” or “proximate cause”.
Instead, Teare J held that the test should be whether the contractual or other
arrangement is the “real and effective cause” of the transfer (at [68]). On
appeal, Moore-Bick LJ disagreed with Teare J in the following passage (Erin
Schulte (CA) at [56]):

I do not myself think that it is helpful to seek to identify the “real and
effective cause” of the transfer. Given that section 2(2)(a) refers to a
transaction effected in pursuance of a contractual or other arrangement, I
think it is preferable simply to identify the arrangement, if any, pursuant to
which the transfer was made.

Moore-Bick LJ then went on to conclude that the payment (and thus acceptance
of the bill of lading) by the buyer’s bank was pursuant to the letter of
credit, notwithstanding that this was done after the letter of credit had
expired and after the buyer’s bank had earlier decided not to honour the
letter of credit.

91 At first blush, it may appear that, by paraphrasing “in pursuance of”
simply as “pursuant to”, Moore-Bick LJ had merely restated the question rather
than answered it. However, I believe that, in doing so, Moore-Bick LJ was
emphasising that the phrase “in pursuance of” should be read simply as an
ordinary English phrase, and that the phase should not be encrusted with legal
concepts such as “real and effective cause”, “immediate reason or proximate
cause”, “provided for”, “called for” or “contractual entitlement”. Thus
Scrutton interprets Erin Schulte (CA) as requiring “merely that the pre-
existing arrangement provides the trigger for the transfer, not that it
creates a legal entitlement to the transfer of the bill of lading” (at para
3-022). In a similar vein, Aikens, Lord & Bools commented that Erin Schulte
(CA) had adopted “an apparently broad approach to causal connection” which “is
to be welcomed” (at para 8.85).

(2) Application to the facts

92 Turning to the facts of the present case, OCBC submits that, assuming s
2(2) applies, the relevant “transaction” would be Aavanti’s request for and
OCBC’s grant of a trust receipt loan while the relevant “contractual or other
arrangements” would be the facility agreement between OCBC and Aavanti. It was
pursuant to the facility agreement (made in 2014 and amended in 2015) that
Aavanti sought the loan and OCBC granted it. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiffs’/Respondents’ Submissions for HC/RA 258/2017 and HC/RA 259/2018
(“Plaintiff’s Submissions”), dated 23 January 2018, at para 96.

93 The Defendant submits that the “contractual or other arrangement” pursuant
to which the bills of lading were transferred to OCBC was the trust receipt
loan itself. This was because, under the facility agreement, OCBC retained the
discretion whether to grant the loan, and was not obliged to grant loans to
Aavanti on demand. Thus the facility agreement, by itself, did not give rise
to a contractual entitlement for OCBC to call for the bills of lading. It was
only pursuant to the trust receipt loan that OCBC’s entitlement to the bills
arose. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at para 39.

94 OCBC’s submission finds support in BNP Paribas, which similarly involved a
buyer’s bank who became holder of the bills of lading as pledgee. Ang J held
that, if s2(2) applied, the facility agreement between the buyer’s bank and
the buyer would constitute the relevant “contractual or other arrangement” (at
[31]). On the other hand, the Defendant’s submission harks back to the
approach suggested in The David Agmashenebeli of asking whether the transfer
of the bill of lading was “provided for” or “called for” by the “contractual
or other arrangement” (see [89] above). But this approach is no longer good
law in the light of the decision in Erin Schulte (CA). For the foregoing
reasons, I would accept OCBC’s submission and follow BNP Paribas in holding
that the relevant “contractual or other arrangement” is the facility
agreement. It is undeniable that the request and grant of the trust receipt
loan were made pursuant to the facility agreement.

95 For completeness, I should add that, even if there was no facility
agreement to rely on (or, alternatively, even if no reliance is placed on the
facility agreement), OCBC could rely on the sale contract between FGV and
Aavanti as the relevant “contractual or other arrangement”. Given the broad
approach to causal connection adopted in Erin Schulte (CA), and the consequent
eschewing of the “provided for” or “called for” criteria suggested in The
David Agmashenebeli, there is no reason why the relevant “contractual or other
arrangement” must be one which OCBC is a party to. In other words, if it can
be said that the sale contract between Aavanti and FGV is a cause or reason
for the trust receipt loan, the fact that OCBC was not a party to the sale
contract is no obstacle to the sale contract being regarded as the relevant
“contractual or other arrangement” for the purpose of s 2(2)(a). In the
preceding sentence, I referred to “a cause or reason” instead of “the cause or
reason” in the light of the decision in Erin Schulte (CA) that the relevant
“contractual or other arrangement” need not be the “immediate reason”,
“proximate cause” or “real and effective cause” of the transfer.

96 Returning to the facts of the present case, since Aavanti requested the
trust receipt loan from OCBC in order to carry out and fulfil the sale
contract, and since OCBC’s grant of the trust receipt loan was to enable
Aavanti to obtain the bills of lading and the underlying cargo pursuant to the
sale contract, I see no difficulty holding that the trust receipt loan was a
transaction “in pursuance of” the sale contract. The trust receipt loan served
a legitimate commercial purpose (of trade financing) which flows from the sale
contract between Aavanti and FGV.

97 As para 2.43 of the Law Commission Report made clear, the distinction is
between “selling lawsuits as articles of commerce” and “taking an assignment
where one has genuine commercial interest in so doing”. OCBC’s grant of the
trust receipt loan before Aavanti could obtain the bills of lading and with a
view to allowing Aavanti to take delivery of the bills of lading subject to
OCBC’s security interest in the bills clearly falls within the situation of
“taking an assignment where one has genuine commercial interest in so doing”.
It is therefore definitely not a situation of “trafficking in bills of lading
simply as pieces of paper which give causes of action against sea carriers”
(emphasis added) which the said para 2.43 was addressing.

98 For the foregoing reasons, I hold that, even if it were assumed that s 2(2)
applies, OCBC would come within the scope of s 2(2)(a), and would therefore
have obtained rights of suit under the bills of lading pursuant to s 2(1) of
the Bills of Lading Act.

Conclusion on Issue 1

99 In the light of my conclusions at [86] and [98] above, and subject to the
discussion on “lawful holder” and “good faith” in the next section, I hold
that the Defendant has failed to raise a triable issue on whether OCBC had
acquired rights of suit in respect of the bills of lading pursuant to s 2(1)
of the Bills of Lading Act.

Issue 2: Was the plaintiff a holder of the bills of lading in good faith?

100 The Bills of Lading Act distinguishes between a mere “holder” of a bill of
lading and a “lawful holder” of a bill of lading. Sections 5(2)(a)–(c) define
three situations in which a person not originally party to a bill of lading
would become the “holder” of the bill of lading. The proviso at the end of s
5(2)goes on to provide that:

…a person shall be regarded for the purposes of this Act as having become the
lawful holder of a bill of lading wherever he has become the holder of the
bill in good faith.

[emphasis added]

Section 2(1)(a) provides for the transfer of contractual rights of suit to a
“lawful holder”. This means that, for rights of suit to be transferred to the
holder of a bill of lading pursuant to s 2(1), he needed to have “become the
holder of the bill in good faith”.

The law

101 The meaning of the term “good faith” in s 5(2) of COGSA 1992 was
considered by Thomas J in The “Aegean Sea” [1998] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 39 in the
following passage (at 60):

The Act does not define good faith in contra-distinction, for example to s.
[61(3)] of the Sale of Goods Act, 1979 which provides that “a thing is deemed
to be done in good faith… when it is done honestly, whether it be done
negligently or not” or the Uniform Commercial Code (Section 1-201(19)) where
good faith is defined as “honestly in fact or in the conduct of the
transaction”. The owners contended that Repsol obtained the bill of lading
honestly and that was sufficient to make them lawful holders.

Although it could be argued that in view of lack of definition in COGSA, 1992,
a broad meaning should be attributed to “good faith”, I do not consider that
would be the correct interpretation. In the commercial context of bills of
lading, the meaning of the term good faith should be clear, capable of
unambiguous application and be consistent with the usage in other contexts and
countries. In my view, it therefore connotes honest conduct and not a broader
concept of good faith such as “the observance of reasonable commercial
standards of fair dealing in the conclusion and performance of the transaction
concerned”.

[emphasis added]

102 This passage from The Aegean Sea was cited with approval by the Singapore
Court of Appeal in UCO Bank v Golden Shore Transportation Pte Ltd [2006] 1
SLR(R) 1 (“UCO Bank”) where the Court of Appeal, at [39], held that “good
faith” in s 5 of the Bills of Lading Act connotes “honest conduct”. The Court
of Appeal added, also at [39], that it did not see “why more should be read
into the provision than its plain meaning”. The Court of Appeal further
commented, at [40], that “[i]t is obviously to preclude the case where
possession is obtained unlawfully, or by other improper means, that s 5(2)
prescribes that the person (be he the named consignee or an indorsee) must
become the holder ‘in good faith’.”

103 The Defendant seized upon the Court of Appeal’s reference to “other
improper means” at [40] of UCO Bank to argue that the Court of Appeal did not
intend, by its remarks at [39] to confine the meaning of “good faith” only to
honest conduct. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at para 49

The Defendant therefore submitted that the scope of “good faith” could be
developed incrementally by the courts, including to consider whether it is
contrary to good faith for a holder to take possession of bills of lading to
obtain a bare right of suit against a carrier without any real interest in the
goods under the bills of lading. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at paras 50–52.

104 I do not accept the Defendant’s submission. First, given the bill of
lading’s status as a document of title used in international sales, the
transfer of which could in law transfer the property in the underlying goods
or the right to possess those goods, I agree fully with Thomas J that the
meaning of “good faith” in the Bills of Lading Act should take reference from
its meaning in the law of sale of goods. In this regard, I would note that s
47(2) of the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SOGA”) also contains a
specific provision dealing with the transfer of a document of title to a
person “who takes it in good faith and for valuable consideration”. There is
therefore much to be said for aligning the meaning of the term “good faith” in
the Bills of Lading Act with the meaning which that term would bear in s 47(2)
of SOGA.

105 Secondly, as noted by Thomas J, in the commercial context of bills of
lading, the meaning of the term good faith should be clear and capable of
unambiguous application. This consideration militates against the Defendant’s
submission that the meaning of good faith in the Bills of Lading Act should be
left open-ended to be developed by the court from case to case. In fact, the
suggestion that “good faith” should be given a broad meaning in COGSA 1992 was
specifically considered and expressly rejected by Thomas J in The Aegean Sea.

106 Thirdly, it is clear that the Court of Appeal in UCO Bank did not intend,
by the term “other improper means” at [40], to undo its very clear
pronouncement at [39] concerning the scope of “good faith” in s 5(2). This is
especially since the Court of Appeal had specifically cited Thomas J’s
analysis in The Aegean Sea and expressly adopted it. From the context, it is
clear that the phrase “other improper means” at [40] of UCO Bank referred only
to improper means involving dishonesty.

107 Finally, the Defendant’s attempt to use “good faith” as the gatekeeper
against transfer of bills of lading to obtain a bare right of suit against the
carrier conflates and confuses the function of s 2(2) and the function of the
proviso on good faith in s 5(2). As paras 2.43–2.44 of the Law Commission
Report made clear, the concern over transfers to obtain bare right of suits is
addressed by s 2(2). In fact, the Law Commission Report spelt out expressly at
para 2.22 that:

By lawful holder we mean the consignee named in the bill or any indorsee (or
holder of a “bearer” bill) who is in possession of the bill in good faith,
including those cases where the person becomes a lawful holder after the bill
of lading has ceased to be a transferable document of title, though subject to
what is said below at paragraph 2.42 – 2.44.

There is therefore neither reason nor justification to broaden the scope of
the good faith requirement in s 5(2) to deal with a mischief that is already
addressed by s 2(2).

108 I therefore conclude that the holder of a bill of lading holds it in good
faith for the purpose of s 5(2) of the Bills of Lading Act if he became its
holder honestly.

Application to the facts

109 The Defendant contends that OCBC was not a holder of the bills of lading
in good faith because OCBC knew that the cargo had been discharged before it
agreed to extend the loan to Aavanti. The Defendant based this factual
allegation on two sources of information.

110 The first source of information is an affidavit filed on behalf of Aavanti
in support of its application in Originating Summons 658 of 2016 (“OS 658”)
for leave to convene a meeting of creditors to consider a scheme of
arrangement pursuant to s 210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

1KR, dated 29 June 2016, filed in OS 658.

In the said affidavit, Aavanti alleged that it was part of its usual course of
business to obtain delivery of shipped cargo to Ruchi on the basis of LOIs,
without bills of lading. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1KR, at para 70.

The affidavit further alleged that Aavanti’s institutional lenders, such as
OCBC, were “aware of and acquiesced to” this practice. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

1KR, at para 71.

111 The second source of information is the evidence of a banking expert filed
by the Defendant. According to the expert’s resume, he spent almost his entire
career working for an Indian bank (including at its branches in Singapore,
Malaysia and London). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Pradip Kumar Tagore’s 1st Affidavit (“1PKT”), dated 7 August 2017, at Exh
PKT-1.

In other words, this expert had no direct knowledge of OCBC’s operations and
was attempting to give his opinion concerning the banking industry generally.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

1PKT, at para 3.

The expert suggested that: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

1PKT, at paras 14–17.

(a) OCBC would, from its dealings with Aavanti, have knowledge of (i) how its
customer Aavanti conducts its business, (ii) the commodities industry in which
Aavanti trades, and (iii) the shipping cycle of the commodities in which
Aavanti trades; and

(b) from such knowledge, “OCBC would have been aware that Aavanti’s commercial
arrangement with their buyers would require the discharge of the Cargo without
the production of BLs”.

The expert also suggested that OCBC would have performed a due diligence check
with the International Maritime Bureau (“IMB”) of the International Chamber of
Commerce to ascertain whether Yue You 902 had arrived at the port of discharge
before granting the trust receipt loan. The expert further opined that he
“would have expected OCBC to enquire with Aavanti, after receiving Aavanti’s
request for the Trust Receipt, on the status of the Cargo such as whether the
Cargo has been discharged …”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

1PKT, at paras 23–24.

112 OCBC objected to the Defendant’s reliance, by way of notice of intention
to refer, on the affidavit filed by Aavanti in OS 658. OCBC submits that a
notice of intention to refer applies only to affidavits filed previously in
the same proceedings and not to affidavits filed in other proceedings. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions, at para 64.

While I find OCBC’s objection cogent, it is not necessary (for the reasons
given below) for me to rule on that objection. The statement in Aavanti’s
affidavit, even if admitted as evidence in these proceedings, is a bare
assertion. Aavanti claimed in the affidavit that it had conveyed its practice
of securing discharge of cargo by LOI to the institutional lenders “via
correspondence or at face-to-face meetings” but failed to exhibit any such
correspondence. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

1KR, at para 71.

More importantly, even though Aavanti’s affidavit specifically mentioned the
two ship arrests made in the present proceedings, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

1KR, at para 74.

Aavanti did not allege that OCBC had actual knowledge that Yue You 902 had
discharged the cargo before OCBC decided to grant the loan in respect of the
cargo. In other words, Aavanti’s affidavit contains no evidence of OCBC’s
actual knowledge concerning when the cargo on Yue You 902 was discharged.

113 As for the expert opinion, I find it largely speculative since it is not
grounded on actual evidence concerning how OCBC operates. At most, the expert
opinion stands for the propositions that OCBC would have general knowledge
that LOIs may be used in the trade of certain commodities involving short
voyages and that OCBC would have the ability, had it decided to do so, to find
out whether the cargo has been discharged (by asking either IMB or Aavanti).
Again, there is no allegation that OCBC actually knew that the cargo had
already been discharged.

114 I am therefore not persuaded that the Defendant has raised a substantial
dispute of fact over OCBC’s actual knowledge. However, even if I were to
consider that the Defendant has raised a substantial dispute of fact over
OCBC’s actual knowledge, it does not necessarily mean that the Defendant has
successfully raised a triable issue. This is because it cannot be said that a
decision by OCBC to grant the trust receipt loan, even assuming it already
knew that the cargo had been discharged, constitutes dishonest conduct.

115 First, this is not a case of OCBC obtaining the bills of lading by theft,
fraud or deception. OCBC provided valuable consideration (in the form of the
loan to Aavanti) in return for a security interest in the bills of lading.
Secondly, OCBC received the bills of lading from the seller who sent it
through banking channels. This is good indication that the bills could not
have been spent bills in OCBC’s hands, even if the cargo were to be discharged
and delivered by the carrier while the bills were in OCBC’s possession. This
is because any such delivery would not be delivery to a person entitled to
delivery under the bills of lading (since any person receiving such delivery
would, at the time of delivery, not be in possession of the bills). This is to
be contrasted with the situation where a bank receives the bill of lading
directly from the buyer (and not from the seller through the banking chain).
In that situation, there could be a risk that the buyer may have already
obtained delivery of the cargo with the bills of lading, thereby causing it to
be spent, before attempting to pledge it with the bank. Therefore, as far as
OCBC was concerned, the bills of lading remained, by all appearances,
effective and valid documents of title.

116 Thirdly, Aavanti did not simply ask for a loan from OCBC. It asked
specifically for a trust receipt loan. The exact words used by Aavanti was
“Kindly grant us TR for USD 7454973.16”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

2SBI, at p 135.

In respect of trust receipt loans, Benjamin’s Sale of Goods (Sweet & Maxwell,
10th Ed, 2017) explained (at para 18-286):

Where bills of ladings are held, generally by a bank, as security for an
advance, it is often necessary for the debtor (often a buyer of the goods) to
sell the goods in order to obtain the funds required to repay the advance.
This need may be satisfied, and the interests of the bank to a large extent
protected, by the use of trust receipts. These documents are by no means
uniform in content, but their essential features are as follows. They provide
for the release by the bank of the bills of lading to the debtor as trustee
for the bank, and authorise him to sell the documents or the goods on behalf
of the bank. The debtor, for his part, undertakes to hold the goods and their
proceeds in trust for the bank, and to remit the proceeds to the bank, at
least up to the amount of the advance.

Thus, when Aavanti requested a trust receipt loan, the request constituted a
proposal to pledge the bills of lading to OCBC as security for the loan as
well as an indication that Aavanti planned to obtain physical delivery of the
bills of lading from OCBC against a trust receipt in order to transfer the
same to its sub-buyer. This amounts to a representation by Aavanti to OCBC
that the bills of lading remained documents which could be meaningfully
pledged as security for the loan.

117 The undisputed facts therefore demonstrate that OCBC’s granting of the
loan in return for a security interest over the bills of lading constitutes
honest conduct. In fact, the Defendant did not dispute that OCBC had acted
honestly. That explains why Defendant had submitted that the requirement of
“good faith” in s 5(2) ought to be given a broader meaning than “honest
conduct”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at paras 50–51.

118 I therefore hold that the Defendant has failed to raise a triable issue on
whether OCBC was a lawful holder of the bills of lading.

Issue 3: Whether the plaintiff consented to the carrier discharging the cargo
without presentation of the bills of lading?

119 The Defendant submits that, by granting the loan to Aavanti with the
knowledge that the cargo would be or had been delivered against a LOI without
presentation of bills of lading, OCBC had consented to the discharge of the
cargo without production of the bills of lading, and that such consent
afforded the Defendant a valid defence against OCBC’s claim. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at paras 99–100.

120 The Defendant was not able to cite any authority where such a defence had
succeeded. However, it pointed to BNP Paribas and The Stone Gemini [1999] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 255 as examples where the defence of consent was rejected by the
court after a full trial, and submitted that the defence of consent ought to
be explored at trial and the issue was not suitable for disposal in summary
judgment proceedings. This submission ignores those cases where the defence of
consent was disposed of at the summary judgment stage – examples include The
Pacific Vigorous, Star Line Traders Limited v Transpac Container System
Limited [2009] HKCU 1355, Kai Min Fashion (HK) Ltd v Fond Express Logistics
Ltd [2012] HKCU 1982, and Synehon (Xiamen) Trading Co Ltd v American Logistics
Ltd [2009] HKCU 1000.

121 In the Pacific Vigorous, Belinda Ang J rejected the defence of consent as
the cargo was discharged against LOIs and not on the basis of any prior
consent by the plaintiff (at [7]). In BNP Paribas, Ang J similarly held (at
[59]–[60]):

59 … It is plainly wrong to construe the trust receipt as authority to [the
buyer] to take delivery at Kandla against letters of indemnity issued by [the
sub-buyer] without production of the bills of lading. … In the circumstances,
there cannot arise by virtue of the trust receipt any consent, authority or
ratification.

60 In reality, the cargo arrived earlier than the bills of lading because of
the duration of the voyage. That fact of and in itself, even with the
knowledge of BNP, cannot give rise to any actual [or] implied authority to
[the buyer] to instruct the shipowner to discharge cargo without the relevant
bills of lading. … It is clear from Low’s evidence that the bank looked to the
document of title as security and it made no sense for the bank to destroy its
own security if it were to consent to release of cargo against a letter of
indemnity.

[emphasis added]

In Nederlandsche Handel-Maatschappij v Strathlorne Steamship Company (1931) 39
Lloyd’s Rep 171, a case decided in the Scottish Court of Session, Lord
Anderson held (at 175–176) that the defence of consent implied that “something
was said or done by the pursuers which affected the mind of the master of the
ship, induced him to conclude that they were consenters, and thus encouraged
him to make delivery without production of the bills of lading”.

122 In the present case, the Defendant was not able to point to anything said
or done by OCBC which could have induced the Defendant to conclude that OCBC
had consented to the delivery of the cargo without bill of lading. In fact,
the Defendant accepts that there were no communications between OCBC and the
Defendant prior to the discharge of the cargo. More importantly, the
Defendant’s submission is that OCBC’s consent was expressed through the grant
of the loan. Since it is common ground that the loan was granted only after
the discharge of cargo was completed, there could have been no prior consent
by OCBC to the discharge of the cargo.

123 Nor could OCBC’s grant of the trust receipt loan be construed as ex post
facto consent to, or ratification of, the misdelivery. OCBC’s decision to
grant a trust receipt loan (as opposed to other types of loan) and take the
bills of lading as security is clearly inconsistent with any intention to
waive its contractual rights of suit against the Defendant under the bills of
lading. Subsequent to the granting of the loan, nothing was said or done by
OCBC which could be construed as ratification of the misdelivery or waiver of
OCBC’s rights of suit. When Aavanti defaulted on the loan, OCBC promptly
claimed against the Defendant under the bills of lading. Instead of telling
OCBC that it had no claim because it had consented to the misdelivery and
therefore waived its rights of suit, the Defendant’s reaction to OCBC’s claim
on 14 June 2016 was to immediately institute its own claim on 17 June 2016
against FGV under the LOI. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiffs’/Respondents’ Bundle of Key Documents, at Tab 10.

Quite clearly, the Defendant discharged the cargo because it believed that its
potential liability under the bills of lading for misdelivery was covered by
the LOI and not because it believed that it no longer had liabilities under
the bills of lading due to any perceived consent on OCBC’s part.

Issue 4: Whether the plaintiff is estopped from asserting a misdelivery claim

124 The Defendant submitted on both estoppel by acquiescence and estoppel by
convention. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at paras 119 and 133.

Estoppel by acquiescence

125 The requirements for estoppel by acquiescence are:

(a) The defendant must be mistaken as to his own legal rights;

(b) The defendant must have expended money or done some act on the faith of
his mistaken belief;

(c) The plaintiff must know of his own rights;

(d) The plaintiff must know of the defendant’s mistaken belief; and

(e) The plaintiff must encourage the defendant in the defendant’s expenditure
of money or other act, either directly or by abstaining from asserting his
legal right.

Nasaka Industries (S) Pte Ltd v Aspac Aircargo Services Pte Ltd [1999] 2
SLR(R) 817 (“Nasaka”) at [70].

126 It was plain that the Defendant’s defence on this front could not get off
the ground. The first Nasaka requirement necessitated the Defendant to have
been mistaken about its entitlement to deliver the goods to Ruchi without the
presentation of the bills of lading: see Nasaka at [71]. And yet the
Defendant’s delivery against a LOI is precisely an acknowledgement and
acceptance that they are not entitled to deliver without presentation of the
bills, and might become liable for misdelivery otherwise. The Defendant’s
acceptance of and reliance on FGV’s LOI demonstrates that it was not mistaken
about it legal rights.

127 I did not view it as necessary to dwell on the other requirements, but I
will mention that it was equally clear that the Defendant could not succeed on
the fifth requirement either. Here, the Defendant claimed that OCBC had
deliberately refrained from communicating with Aavanti or the Defendant to put
the Defendant on notice that it should not discharge the cargo without
production of the bills of lading. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at para 126.

As Nasaka at [80] makes clear, for this requirement to hold, there must be
something which OCBC’s silence did to cause the Defendant to undertake some
action it would not otherwise have done. On the facts of the present case, the
Defendant had the benefit of FGV’s LOI to cover the Defendant for potential
liabilities under the bills of lading for misdelivery. Such potential
liabilities were expressly referred to in clauses 1, 2 and 3 of the LOI. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

6QJB, at p 56.

Delivery of the cargo without the bills of lading was therefore an act
undertaken by the Defendant in full knowledge that it would be exposed to
liabilities under the bills of lading. Defendant was induced to undertake such
exposure because of the coverage provided by the LOI (and which it in fact
sought to enforce) and not because of OCBC’s silence.

128 To put it another way, the Defendant well knew what its legal obligations
under the bills of lading were and OCBC had no duty to reach out to the
Defendant to remind the Defendant to comply with the well-established legal
obligations of a carrier under a bill of lading. Those obligations existed
before OCBC came into the picture and OCBC’s silence did nothing to take them
away.

Estoppel by convention

129 In relation to the defence of estoppel by convention, the Defendant
claimed that both OCBC and Aavanti (on its behalf and on behalf of the
Defendant) had contemplated the fact that the cargo would be discharged
without the presentation of the bills of lading. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at paras 129–130.

130 The requirements for estoppel by convention were clarified in Travista
Development Pte Ltd v Tan Kim Swee Augustine and others [2008] 2 SLR(R) 474
(“Travista”) at [31]:

(a) The parties must have acted on “an assumed and incorrect state of fact or
law” (emphasis in original);

(b) The assumption must be either shared by both parties pursuant to an
agreement or something akin to an agreement, or made by one party and
acquiesced to by the other; and

(c) It must be unjust or unconscionable to allow the parties (or one of them)
to go back on that assumption.

131 The Defendant conceded that their arguments were seeking to extend the law
on estoppel by convention. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at para 133.

Nevertheless, I would simply comment on the second Travista requirement.

132 I could not see how OCBC could have shared a common assumption with the
Defendant since they did not communicate with each other prior to the cargo
being discharged. Nor, for reasons I have mentioned (at [127] above) did I
consider OCBC to have acquiesced to any assumption made by the Defendant.

133 On the part of the Defendant, it was also not apparent to me how they
could have been “aware of the facts on which the common assumption in question
was said to have been based” (Travista at [31]), since at the time the cargo
was discharged, the Defendant could not have any knowledge of OCBC, much less
OCBC’s dealings with Aavanti.

134 It followed that both the defences of estoppel by acquiescence and
estoppel by convention did not raise triable issues.

Issues 5 & 6: Conversion, detinue and bailment

135 Given that my findings on Issues 1 to 4 above were sufficient for judgment
to be granted in OCBC’s favour on the basis of the rights of suit transferred
to OCBC pursuant to the Bills of Lading Act, it is not necessary for me to
consider OCBC’s claims in conversion, detinue and bailment.

Whether there are some other reasons for the matter to go to trial

136 The Defendant submitted, alternatively, there is “some other reason” for a
trial as most of the facts and evidence relevant to whether OCBC had actual
knowledge of the discharge of the cargo are under OCBC’s control. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendant’s Submissions, at para 115.

In support of this submission, the Defendant cited the case of Concentrate
Engineering Pte Ltd v United Malayan Banking Corp Bhd [1990] 1 SLR(R) 465
(“Concentrate Engineering”).

137 In Concentrate Engineering, the plaintiff company sued the defendant bank
for making wrongful payment from the plaintiff’s bank account against forged
cheques. The manner in which the cheques were forged gave rise to a strong
suspicion that the forgery was committed by a person within the plaintiff’s
organisation (at [10]–[11]). Noting that “O 14 is for the plain and obvious
and not for the devious and crafty” (at [19]), the court observed (at [18]):

…

No doubt, the defendants are unable to point to a specific defence, but, in
theory, the following scenarios are possible: (a) that, assuming that the
defendants accept the conclusions of the handwriting expert, the cheques were
copied by the signatories themselves, ie they are “self-forgeries”; (b) that
the signatures were copied with the knowledge or consent of both the
signatories or one of them; (c) that the signatures were copied by or with the
knowledge or consent of the controlling mind of the plaintiffs, whoever he may
be at the material time.

The court therefore granted unconditional leave to defend because “the
circumstances are such that the defendants ought, in the interest of justice
be given time and with it the opportunity to investigate further the fraud by
whatever means that are available to them, including a trial, to determine for
themselves whether they are liable as bankers” (at [17]).

138 The first point of distinction between the present case and Concentrate
Engineering is that the Defendant is not suggesting there was fraud or forgery
on the part of OCBC or any of its employees. The second point of distinction
is that any of the three potential scenarios listed at [18] of Concentrate
Engineering, if found to be true after investigation, would have afforded the
defendant bank a viable defence. In comparison, given the view I have taken of
the various defences discussed above, even if the Defendant succeeds in
proving that OCBC had actual knowledge that the cargo had been discharged, the
Defendant would still not have a viable defence against OCBC’s claim. For
these reasons, the Defendant has failed to make out a case that there ought to
be “some other reason” for the matter to go to trial.

Quantum of damages

139 Citing McGregor on Damages (Harvey McGregor) (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed,
2014) (“McGregor”) at para 30-003, the Defendant submits that the normal
measure of damages for non-delivery under a contract of carriage is the market
value of the goods at the time and place at which they should have been
delivered less the amount it would have cost to get to the place of delivery.
Later in the same passage, McGregor clarified that this normal measure is on
the assumption that the carriage freight had not been paid. Where freight had
been paid (as in the present case) the measure of damages would simply be the
market value of the goods.

140 The Defendant then submitted that expert evidence would be required to
determine the market value of the cargo at the time and place of delivery. I
do not agree. A similar argument was raised in He-Ro Chemicals Ltd v Jeuro
Container Transport (HK) Ltd [1993] 2 HKC 368, where Kaplan J held (at [25]):

Finally, Mr Reyes submitted that even if I was against him, I should only
order judgment for damages to be assessed because there is no evidence as to
the value of the goods at the date of conversion. There is only the invoice
value a little time before. I reject this argument as the defendants have not
said a word on quantum, and if the market in zinc oxide had in fact fallen
between the date of the contract and the date of misdelivery, I would expect
them to file evidence on this point. The invoice value of the goods is, in my
judgment, as good an indication of the value of the goods at the time of
misdelivery as a court could reasonably expect.

141 In the present case, there are two relevant indications of the value of
the goods. In the sale contract between Aavanti and Ruchi dated 4 April 2016,
the price of the palm oil was agreed at USD 776.50 per metric ton. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

1SA, at p 9.

In the sale contract between FGV and Aavanti dated 5 April 2016, the agreed
price was USD 745.50 per metric ton. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

1KR, at pp 394–396.

Since the place of delivery was Ruchi’s storage facilities at New Magalore,
India, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

6QJB, at para 16.

the price in the Aavanti-Ruchi contract is probably the more relevant and
accurate indicia of the value of the goods at the place of delivery. However,
OCBC is only claiming based on the (lower) price in the FGV-Aavanti contract,
as the loan given by OCBC to Aavanti was for the amount which FGV had invoiced
Aavanti. The Defendant has provided no evidence that there was any significant
drop in the market price of the palm oil during the three weeks between the
conclusion of the sale contracts and the discharge of the palm oil at New
Mangalore.

142 I would therefore assess the quantum of damages as the invoice value of
the cargo in the sale between FGV and Aavanti, which is USD 7,454,973.16.

Conclusion

143 For the reasons given above, I held that the Defendant had failed to raise
any triable issue or establish any other reasons for a trial. I therefore
dismissed RAs 259 & 261 and affirmed the summary judgment order made below for
USD 7,454,973.16, with interest of 5.33% per annum from date of writ to date
of judgment.

144 As substantial costs of $36,000 against the Defendant were ordered in the
court below, I fixed costs against the defendant at $6,000 plus disbursements
for RA 259 and $6,000 plus disbursements for RA 261.

Pang Khang Chau  
Judicial Commissioner

Toh Kian Sing SC and Chen Zhida (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
plaintiff;  
Bazul Ashhab Bin Abdul Kader, Prakasash Silvam, and Ang Kaili (Oon & Bazul
LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

