Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 239

Suit No 376 of 2019  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 265 of 2019)

Between

(1)| True Yoga Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| True Fitness (STC) Pte Ltd  
(3)| True Fitness Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And  
  
Patrick John

… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Striking out]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
True Yoga Pte Ltd and others

  

v

  

Wee Ewe Seng Patrick John

[2019] SGHC 239

High Court — Suit No 376 of 2019 (Registrar’s Appeal No 265 of 2019)  
Choo Han Teck J  
2 October 2019

8 October 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an action by the three plaintiffs against the defendant for breach
of contract and duty as a director. The plaintiffs hold themselves as private
companies incorporated in Singapore that operate as part of a group of
companies known as the “True Group”. The statement of claim avers that the
defendant was the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of the True Group entities
in Singapore (“True Group Singapore”) from 1 October 2004 to 9 May 2018.

2 Although the statement of claim pleaded that the defendant is a director of
all three plaintiffs, it does not say whether he was the CEO of all three. The
plaintiffs claim that the defendant was the CEO of True Group but it is not
clear how many companies are in this group and what contract, if any, governs
the parties’ relationship. Nor is it clear from the statement of claim what
reliefs are being sought by the three plaintiffs because the statement of
claim only pleaded that the plaintiffs suffered damage as a result of the
conduct of the defendant. Strangely, the second and third plaintiffs only
claim for equitable compensation — whatever that may be.

3 The issue before me was whether the assistant registrar below was justified
in striking out the plaintiffs’ action in Suit No 376 of 2019. The defendant
had applied to strike out the action on the ground that the suit was commenced
without the authority of the plaintiffs, relying broadly on O 18 r 19(1) of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) and, alternatively, the
inherent jurisdiction of the court. A lack of authority to sue in itself is
not a ground for striking out an action without trial.

4 Mr V K Rai, counsel for the defendant, submitted that only two of the three
directors had signed the warrant to act, and when this action was filed, the
warrant had not been obtained. Counsel also submitted that no board
resolutions had been passed authorising the directors to commence these
proceedings. Mr Rai also submitted that the action had been commenced in
breach of a shareholders’ agreement.

5 Order 64 rule 7 provides that:

(1) Every solicitor representing any party in any cause or matter shall obtain
from such party or his duly authorised agent a warrant to act for such a
party, either generally or in the said cause or matter.

(2) The absence of such warrant shall, if the solicitor’s authority to act is
disputed, be prima facie evidence that he has not been authorised to represent
such party.

On the strength of this provision, the assistant registrar below was not
satisfied that the plaintiffs had discharged its burden of proving that their
solicitors had been properly authorised to act for them. There is no rule that
an infringement of O 64 r 7 justifies an action to be struck out, and
presumably, that was why the defendant’s application did not identify which
subsection in O 18 r 19(1) it relied on until the plaintiffs had successfully
obtained an order permitting him to produce the Memorandum and Articles of
Association of the plaintiff companies. It was on appeal before me, that the
application was based on an abuse of process under O 18 r 19(1)(d).

6 Mr Rai also relied on Polybuilding (S) Pte Ltd v Lim Heng Lee [2001] 2
SLR(R) 12 (“Polybuilding”) for the proposition that any resolution which was
reached in exclusion of and without notice being given to the minority
director would be struck down as being invalid, a submission that appeared to
have persuaded the assistant registrar below, who found that in the event, no
notice of any resolution had been given to the defendant.

7 Mr Benjamin Niroshan Bala, counsel for the plaintiffs, submitted before me
that the allegation that this action was commenced in breach of the
shareholders’ agreement must fail, because the plaintiffs are not parties to
that agreement and thus, not bound by it. Counsel produced before me the
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the plaintiffs, documents that were
not before the assistant registrar, that show that there is no internal
requirement for the directors to obtain a board resolution before it may
commence legal action or sign warrants to act on behalf of the plaintiffs.

8 Order 64 rule 7 is a requirement that is as much for the protection of the
solicitor as it is for the client he purports to act for. A warrant to act
puts paid to any claim that the solicitor acted without authority, whether the
allegation comes from his own client or opposing parties. A failure to obtain
a warrant to act is not an error that is irredeemable. It can be rectified
unless irreparable damage has already been done.

9 In the present case, there is no provision that the directors cannot, by a
majority, instruct solicitors to sue a fellow director unless a board
resolution is first passed. That being the case, the warrant to act is a valid
one. Polybuilding does not apply where no resolutions are involved. Mr Bala
produced before me the necessary resolutions, notice of which presumably had
been given to the defendant, authorising the majority directors to sign the
warrant to act on behalf of the plaintiffs.

10 Mr Rai objected to this on the ground that to allow the plaintiffs to
rectify the omission at this stage is tantamount to an abuse of process.
Counsel raised an example of what might be should omissions like this be
allowed to be rectified. He argued that it is like a defendant paying the
judgment debt and then applying to strike out the judgment on the ground that
it had been paid. I would just have held that counsel raised an analogy too
inappropriate to repeat, but I think that repeating it supports what I will
now say about applications of this nature.

11 An application to strike out an action should neither be lightly made nor
lightly granted. In the present case, the application was founded on the
argument that if the plaintiffs are allowed to proceed when it was not
authorised to sue, that would be tantamount to an abuse of process under O 18
r 19(1)(d). Before me, Mr Rai seemed, however, to argue that the abuse lay not
so much in the fact that the plaintiffs were not authorised to sue, but on the
ground that the plaintiffs’ claim had already been struck out and it would be
an abuse of process to allow fresh evidence at this stage to continue its
action.

12 A litigant who fails to show that it was properly authorised to commence
proceedings, for example, a plaintiff company whose articles of association
require it to have a board resolution before it can proceed, may have its
claim dismissed at trial, but if its lack of authority is pointed out early as
it was in this case, the irregularity of the lack of authority is one that can
be rectified. As it turned out, the lack of a board resolution was not a basis
for challenge here because a board resolution was not a prerequisite for
commencing action.

13 The absence of a warrant to act may be an important issue in some
situations, but not in the present case. The failure to produce a warrant to
act is an irregularity that can be remedied by producing the warrant at a
later stage if no prejudice has been caused to the opposing side. The warrant
to act in this case was eventually produced and the application to strike out
the plaintiffs’ claim need not have been made if counsel had asked for a stay
or an adjournment to produce it. The only relevant issues in the circumstances
of the present case were whether the plaintiffs needed a board resolution to
commence the suit, and if so, whether they had obtained the resolutions. The
answer was that no board resolution was required but the plaintiffs had been
slow in producing that evidence. If this evidence had been produced before the
assistant registrar the action would not have been struck out. If questions of
law cannot be resolved as to the standing of either counsel or his client,
then they must be reserved to the judge at trial.

14 For the reasons above, the appeal is allowed with costs reserved to the
trial judge.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Benjamin Niroshan Bala (TSMP Law Corporation) for the plaintiffs;  
Rai Vijay Kumar (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

