Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 105

Criminal Case No 35 of 2016

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

(1)| Ridhaudin Ridhwan Bin Bakri  
---|---  
(2)| Muhammad Faris Bin Ramlee  
(3)| Asep Ardiansyah  
  
Judgment

[Criminal law] — [Offences] — [Rape]

[Criminal law] — [Offences] — [Attempted rape]

[Criminal law] — [Offences] — [Sexual penetration]

[Criminal law] — [Offences] — [Outrage of modesty]

[Criminal law] — [General exceptions] — [Consent]

[Criminal law] — [General exceptions] — [Mistake of fact]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Ridhaudin Ridhwan bin Bakri and others

[2019] SGHC 105

High Court — Criminal Case No 35 of 2016  
Woo Bih Li J  
2-5, 10-12, 16-19 August 2016, 12-13, 18-22, 25-29 September, 3-6, 9-13
October 2017, 23-26 January, 9 April; 28 May 2018

23 April 2019 Judgment reserved.

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 Three accused persons, Mr Ridhaudin Ridhwan bin Bakri (“Ridhwan”), Mr
Muhammad Faris bin Ramlee (“Faris”), and Mr Asep Ardiansyah (“Asep”), were
jointly tried before me for a number of sexual offences allegedly committed
against a female Singaporean (“the Complainant”) on 26 January 2014 in Room
310 (“the Room”) of a hotel formerly located along Duxton Road, Singapore
(“the Duxton Hotel”). The Duxton Hotel has since been torn down. At the time
of these alleged offences, the Complainant was 18 years of age, while each of
the three accused persons was 20 years of age.

2 Ridhwan, the first accused, is a Singaporean male facing three charges:

(a) One charge of sexual assault by penetration under s 376(2)(a) of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”), punishable under s 376(3) of the PC, for
penetrating the Complainant’s anus with his finger without her consent, in the
living room of the Room, sometime on the morning of 26 January 2014 (“the 1st
Charge”).

(b) One charge of rape under s 375(1)(a), punishable under s 375(2) of the PC,
for penetrating the Complainant’s vagina with his penis without her consent,
in the living room of the Room, sometime in the morning of 26 January 2014
(“the 2nd Charge”).

(c) One charge of using criminal force with intent to outrage the modesty of
the Complainant punishable under s 354(1) of the PC, for sucking her nipples,
in the living room of the Room, sometime in the morning of 26 January 2014
(“the 3rd Charge”).

3 Faris, the second accused, is a Singaporean male facing two charges:

(a) One charge of rape under s 375(1)(a), punishable under s 375(2) of the PC,
for inserting his penis into the Complainant’s vagina without her consent, in
the bathroom of the Room, sometime in the morning of 26 January 2014 (“the 4th
Charge”).

(b) One charge of sexual assault by penetration under s 376(2)(a), punishable
under s 376(3) of the PC, for penetrating the Complainant’s vagina with his
finger without her consent, in the living room of the Room, sometime in the
morning of 26 January 2014 (“the 5th Charge”).

4 Asep, the third accused, is also a Singaporean male, and he faces the
following two charges:

(a) One charge of sexual assault by penetration under s 376(1)(a), punishable
under s 376(3) of the PC, for penetrating the Complainant’s mouth with his
penis without her consent, in the bathroom of the Room, sometime in the
morning of 26 January 2014 (“the 6th Charge”).

(b) One charge of attempted rape under s 375(1)(a), punishable under s 375(2)
read with s 511 of the PC, for attempting to insert his penis into the
Complainant’s vagina without her consent, in the bathroom of the Room,
sometime in the morning of 26 January 2014 (“the 7th Charge”).

5 In relation to a majority of these charges, the accused persons did not
dispute that the relevant sexual activity had occurred between each of them
and the Complainant, but argued that such activity had been consensual.
Therefore, two of the main issues in contention are whether the Complainant
had the capacity to give consent at the material time of the offences, and if
so, whether she did in fact give such consent.

Background

6 I will first set out the background before dealing with the areas of
contention in greater detail.

7 The alleged offences occurred in the morning of 26 January 2014. The three
accused persons and the Complainant had met for the first time on the evening
prior, on 25 January 2014, at a birthday party for Mr Muhammad Elmi Ching bin
Aman (“Elmi”) which was planned by his then-girlfriend, Ms Ros Izzati Atiqah
binte Mohd Zulkifli (“Izzati”). This party was held in the Room, which was
internally divided into two floors. On the first floor was the living room,
which comprised a seating area with tables, sofas and a television. The main
door, which was the only entrance and exit out of the Room, was located on
this floor. A spiral staircase connected the first floor to the mezzanine
level, which I shall refer to as “the second floor”. On this second floor was
a bedroom containing a double bed and a cabinet, and the Room’s only bathroom,
which some witnesses also referred to as the “toilet”. The bathroom layout was
rectangular and on entering it, one would see a bathtub on the right, a water
closet on the left, and the sink with a counter-top in front of the door.
Above the sink was a mirror that faced the bathroom door.

8 The Complainant did not know and had not met the accused persons, Elmi, or
Izzati prior to 25 January 2014. Her original plan for that evening was to
meet some friends and then visit a nightclub. Shortly after 10pm, however, Mr
Muhammad Fadly bin Abdull Wahab (“Fadly”) messaged her and invited her to have
drinks at Elmi’s birthday party. Although Fadly repeatedly urged her to come
alone, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Prosecution’s bundle of documents (“PBOD”) pp 203-205.

the Complainant insisted on bringing along her friend, Mr Mohamed Affandi bin
Ibrahim (“Affandi”), and Fadly eventually agreed. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) Day 2, p 32 at lines 24-26, p 33 at lines 19-24.

Evidence showed that, at that time, Fadly was planning to get the Complainant
drunk at the party and had brought along a bottle of vodka for that purpose. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”) p 169; NE Day 36, p 26 at lines 23-31

The three accused persons were Elmi’s friends and were also invited to the
party.

9 The Complainant and Affandi arrived at the Duxton Hotel close to or slightly
after midnight on 26 January 2014. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AB p 161.

By the time they joined the party, all three accused persons, together with
Elmi, Izzati, and the other attendees, were already in the Room and were
engaging in casual conversations at the first floor while consuming alcohol. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE Day 2, p 58 at lines 23-30; Day 5, p 9 at lines 11-14, p 90 at lines 1-6.

The Complainant sat next to Fadly on a sofa. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NE Day 5, p 10 at lines 11-17.

Conversations continued and, save for Izzati, all the attendees consumed
alcohol. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE Day 5, p 11 at lines 21-27, p 35 at lines 21-22, p 90 at lines 2-10; Day
18, p 19 at lines 20-25; Day 34, p 12 at lines 25-27.

The Complainant behaved normally at the time of her arrival, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE Day 5, p 9 at lines 5-10, p 86 at lines 22-24.

and she subsequently interacted mostly with Fadly and Affandi. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NE Day 5, p 91 at lines 15-18.

According to the Complainant, she had not consumed any alcohol earlier that
evening prior to arriving at the party. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE Day 2, p 59 at lines 12-14.

I will elaborate later on the evidence on the type and amount of alcohol that
she consumed at the party (see below at [141]).

10 After some time, an impromptu plan was made for the attendees of the party
to head to a nightclub named Zouk. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NE Day 5, p 69 at lines 6-15.

At around 1am on 26 January 2014, as the attendees were preparing to leave the
Room for Zouk, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE Day 9, p 24 at lines 25-32, p 25 at lines 1-2; Day 18, p 24 at lines 6-11.

the Complainant tried to stand up on her own but had difficulty doing so. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE Day 5, p 91 at lines 18-23; Day 36, p 5 at lines 28-31.

She collapsed onto the ground, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE Day 5, p 12 at lines 18-21, p 38 at lines 17-25.

and some evidence suggested that she vomited on the floor. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE Day 5, p 92 at lines 9-23; Day 27, p 28 at lines 27-31, p 29 at lines 1-4;
Day 34, p 13 at lines 4-10; Day 36, p 28 at lines 26-28.

Fadly then brought the Complainant to the bathroom on the second floor. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE Day 5, p 93 at lines 23-26, p 94 at lines 1-7; Day 27, p 29 at lines 8-15;
Day 34, p 13 at lines 13-17; Day 36, p 6 at lines 7-22, p 7 at lines 7-22, p
28 at line 31, p 29 at lines 1-6.

When it became clear that the Complainant would not be able to go to Zouk,
Fadly and Mr Muhammad Hazly Bin Mohamad Halimi (“Hazly”) elected to stay
behind with her while the other attendees made their way to the nightclub. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE Day 5, p 94 at lines 7-22; Day 18, p 21 at lines 26-30.

I shall refer to those who left for Zouk collectively as “the Group”.

11 After the Group had left the Room, Fadly and/or Hazly brought the
Complainant out of the bathroom and placed her on the bed on the second floor.
The two men then took a photo of themselves with the Complainant partially
undressed and her breasts exposed. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE Day 36, p 32 at lines 16-20.

At this point, the Complainant was still unconscious. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE Day 36, p 32 at lines 9-15.

Fadly then sent the photo to his friend at around 1.58am.

12 At around 2.20am, Elmi returned to the Room to pick up Izzati’s
identification card (“IC”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE Day 36, p 32 at lines 29-31, p 33 at lines 1-5.

He testified that, upon his return, he saw that the Complainant was fully
dressed by that time, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE Day 5, p 98 at lines 29-31.

but she was in an unconscious state on the ground of the second floor of the
Room. Fadly tried to wake the Complainant and asked if she was alright, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE Day 5, p 96 at lines 21-27, p 97 at lines 1-10.

but she did not respond. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE Day 5, p 96 at lines 28-31.

As Elmi was in a rush, he left quickly thereafter 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE Day 5, p 96 at lines 28-31.

and estimated that he had only spent around one to two minutes in the Room. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE Day 5, p 98 at line 32, p 99 at line 1.

13 After Elmi left, Fadly and Hazly raped the Complainant in the bedroom of
the second floor while she was unconscious. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE Day 36, p 33 at lines 9-27.

As at the time of this trial, they have pleaded guilty to charges of rape and
have been convicted and sentenced by another court.

14 Meanwhile, at Zouk, Asep got into an altercation. His shirt was torn and
thus he had to return to the Room. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE Day 27, p 31 at lines 1-12.

He returned alone. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE Day 27, p 31 at lines 13-15.

According to Asep, he initially sat on the sofa on the first floor. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE Day 27, p 31 at lines 26-31, p 32 at lines 1-3.

He then went to the bathroom on the second floor. He said that he saw the
Complainant seated in the bathtub, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE Day 27, p 32 at lines 4-9.

and that she was leaning back and her legs were straight. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE Day 27, p 32 at lines 4-9.

He soon left the bathroom and returned to the first floor. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE Day 27, p 32 at lines 10-14.

Sometime later, Ridhwan and Faris also returned to the Room. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE Day 27, p 32 at lines 22-23; Day 34, p 44 at lines 3-8.

At this point, the persons in the Room were the three accused persons, as well
as Fadly, Hazly, and the Complainant.

15 It was undisputed that, at some point after returning from Zouk, Faris went
to the bathroom on the second floor and had sexual intercourse with the
Complainant. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE Day 18, p 26 at lines 5-8; Day 27, p 32 at lines 24-26.

However, issues relating to the Complainant’s consent and her capacity to do
so remain in contention. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE Day 18, p 35 at lines 11-31, p 36 at lines 1-15.

In essence, the Complainant could recall little about what had occurred in the
bathroom that morning, and the Prosecution’s case was that she had neither the
capacity to consent, nor had she in fact consented to sexual intercourse with
Faris. On the other hand, Faris’ account was that the Complainant had
propositioned him for sex while he was in the bathroom with her, and
thereafter consented to penile-vaginal intercourse with him. These events form
the basis of the 4th Charge (see [3(a)] above).

16 Subsequently, after Faris exited the bathroom alone, Asep went to use the
bathroom. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE Day 27, p 32 at lines 27-31, p 33 at lines 1-20.

Similarly, while issues relating to the Complainant’s consent and her capacity
to do so remain in dispute, it was not contested that, while in the bathroom
with the Complainant, Asep had inserted his penis into the Complainant’s
mouth, and that he had also attempted to insert his penis into her vagina
although he did not eventually manage to do so as he lost his erection. These
events form the basis for the 6th and 7th Charges (see [4(a)] and [4(b)]
above).

17 Elmi and Izzati returned to the Room at around 5.04am while Asep and the
Complainant were in the bathroom. They made their way to the second floor to
use the bathroom. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE Day 5, p 18 at lines 10-11; Day 5, p 100 at lines 18-21.

They saw that the bathroom door was partially closed and one of them gave it a
slight push, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE Day 5, p 18 at lines 12-17, p 19 at lines 8-32.

causing it to swing open at a wider angle. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE Day 27, p 34 at lines 14-21.

Elmi testified that although the bathroom was dark, he could see a reflection
of Asep and the Complainant in the mirror. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE Day 5, p 101 at lines 1-10.

According to him, the two persons were standing near the sink and facing the
mirror with Asep standing behind the Complainant. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE Day 5, p 102 at lines 4-22.

Both were topless, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE Day 5, p 101 at lines 8-21.

though Elmi could not see if the bottom half of their bodies were also
exposed. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE Day 5, p 103 at lines 9-14.

Izzati’s evidence was that from where she stood near the bathroom door, she
could not see anything because the bathroom lights were switched off. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE Day 5, p 20 at lines 3-6.

18 When Elmi pushed the door open, Asep quickly pushed the door shut. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE Day 5, p 101 at lines 25-29, p 103 at lines 15-17.

A few minutes later, Asep emerged from the bathroom alone. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE Day 5, p 104 at lines 15-32.

Izzati then entered the bathroom. She saw the Complainant and asked Elmi to
get Fadly to help the Complainant out of the bathroom. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE Day 5, p 20 at lines 30-31.

Fadly, who was initially on the first floor, then went to the second floor,
assisted the Complainant out of the bathroom, and brought her to the first
floor. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE Day 5, p 20 at lines 25-31, p 104 at line 32.

The witnesses’ observations of the Complainant’s condition at this time are
material, and I will revisit them later in the analysis (see [160]-[164]
below).

19 Eventually, the Complainant ended up lying down on the first floor near the
main door of the Room. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE Day 34, p 17 at lines 1-27.

At this point, the three accused persons, as well as Fadly and Hazly, were
also on the first floor where they slept for the night. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE Day 5, p 22 at lines 26-28; Day 34, p 17 at lines 28-31.

Elmi, Izzati and another individual slept on the bed on the second floor. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE Day 5, p 23 at lines 27-32.

20 It was not in dispute that, sometime later that morning, Ridhwan, who
initially slept near the spiral staircase 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE Day 34, p 18 at lines 26-30,

and later moved to sleep next to the Complainant, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE Day 34, p 20 at lines 2-19.

had penile-vaginal intercourse with the Complainant and also sucked her
nipples. These events form the basis for the 2nd and 3rd Charges (see [2(b)]
and [2(c)] above), and in this regard, the contested issues again relate to
the Complainant’s consent and her capacity to do so. In essence, the
Complainant’s account was that she could remember some of these events that
transpired in the living room that morning, but that she did not consent and
had been too weak and confused to resist or scream at that time. On the other
hand, Ridhwan claimed that the Complainant had consented to such intercourse
and sexual activity with him, and had in fact initiated such activity. In
addition, the 1st Charge against Ridhwan accuses him of digitally penetrating
the anus of the Complainant at around the same time and location (see [2(a)]
above). Ridhwan’s explanation was that he had done so by mistake while trying
to locate the Complainant’s vagina.

21 In addition to the charges relating to events that occurred in the
bathroom, Faris was also accused of inserting his finger into the
Complainant’s vagina in the living room around the same time that morning as
when Ridhwan committed the alleged offences mentioned above. This forms the
basis of the 5th Charge against Faris (see [3(b)] above). Faris disputed that
such penetration had in fact occurred. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions at para 236.

22 According to the Complainant, after the events that transpired with Ridhwan
and Faris in the living room, the next thing she remembered was waking up
later that morning and hearing one male person, whom she subsequently
identified as Ridhwan, saying “I pity her” in Malay (“aku kesian tengok dia”),
and a male person whom she identified as Faris agreeing. She testified that
she had pretended to sleep for a period because she wanted to know what the
others were talking about, and because she felt shy, embarrassed, and
disappointed. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE Day 1, p 67.

Sometime later, she sat up and made her way to the bathroom on the second
floor of the Room on her own. By that time, most of the persons in the Room
were awake. The Complainant soon left the Duxton Hotel with Fadly and Hazly,
who sent her to a nearby MRT station in a taxi. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE Day 4, p 96 at lines 13-27, p 98 at lines 16-18.

From there, she made her own way home by public transport to Johor Bahru,
Malaysia. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE Day 1, p 78 at lines 16-18.

23 In the ensuing period, the Complainant exchanged WhatsApp messages with
some of her friends about what had allegedly happened in the morning of 26
January 2014 in the Room. Meanwhile, the accused persons and other attendees
of Elmi’s birthday party also exchanged messages regarding these events. These
messages are material and I will elaborate on them later.

24 Two days later, on 28 January 2014, the Complainant filed a police report
58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AB p 348.

which led to the separate arrests of the three accused persons on or around 29
January 2014. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AB p 295; AB p 377; AB p 293.

Overview of the evidence

Witnesses

25 In respect of the main trial, the Prosecution adduced evidence from a total
of 54 witnesses. 16 of those witnesses (comprising 15 factual witnesses and
one expert) testified in court and supplemented their conditioned statements
with oral testimony. The conditioned statements of the remaining 38 witnesses
were admitted by consent. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions at para 10.

26 As for the accused persons, they each testified in their defence at trial,
and jointly relied on the evidence of one expert witness. In addition, Ridhwan
also called Fadly as his witness.

The accused persons’ statements to the police

27 The Prosecution relied heavily on the statements given by the three accused
persons to the police during the course of the investigations. All of these
statements were taken at the Police Cantonment Complex (“PCC”). I will briefly
outline them here and elaborate on them where necessary in the analysis.

Faris’ statements to the police

28 The Prosecution relied on two statements given by Faris to the police:

(a) The first was recorded by Inspector Thermizi Tho (as he then was) (“ISP
Tho”) on 30 January 2014 from about 12.45am to 2.05am pursuant to s 33 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) (“Faris’ 1st
Statement”).

(b) The second was recorded by then-Assistant Superintendent Arun Guruswamy
(“ASP Guruswamy”) on 16 October 2014 from about 6.50pm to 9.00pm pursuant to s
22 of the CPC (“Faris’ 2nd Statement”).

29 At trial, Faris challenged the admissibility of both of these police
statements. An ancillary hearing was thus held, which I will discuss later.

Asep’s statements to the police

30 Asep gave four statements to the police. The Prosecution relied on two of
his statements:

(a) The first was recorded by Assistant Superintendent Mohamed Razif (“ASP
Razif”) on 30 January 2014 from around 12.28am to 2.00am pursuant to s 22 of
the CPC (“Asep’s 1st Statement”).

(b) The second was recorded by ASP Guruswamy on 16 October 2014 from about
9.11pm to 11.15pm also pursuant to s 22 of the CPC (“Asep’s 2nd Statement”).

31 Asep challenged the admissibility of his 2nd Statement. I will discuss the
relevant ancillary hearing later.

Ridhwan’s statements to the police

32 Ridhwan gave four statements to the police. The Prosecution relied on three
of his statements:

(a) The first was recorded by Assistant Superintendent Amos Tang (“ASP Tang”)
on 30 January 2014 from about 12.04am to 1.03am pursuant to s 22 of the CPC
(“Ridhwan’s 1st Statement”).

(b) The second was recorded by Senior Investigation Officer Suzana Sajari
(“SIO Sajari”) on 3 February 2014 from about 11.30am to 1.50pm pursuant to s
22 of the CPC (“Ridhwan’s 2nd Statement”).

(c) The third was recorded by ASP Guruswamy on 5 February 2014 from about
12.00pm to 2.20pm pursuant to s 22 of the CPC (“Ridhwan’s 3rd Statement”).

33 Ridhwan did not challenge the admissibility of any of his police
statements.

The expert evidence

34 As the issue of the Complainant’s capacity to consent at the material time
was heavily contested, both parties also relied on expert opinion to buttress
their respective cases in this regard.

35 The Prosecution relied on the opinion of Dr Guo Song (“Dr Guo”), a senior
consultant psychiatrist from the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”). Dr Guo
produced two written reports and supplemented them with oral testimony in
court. The two reports were:

(a) The first dated 22 October 2015, comprising 11 pages in total. This report
should be read together with (i) a two-page errata, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

See Exhibit P180A.

and (ii) several articles which Dr Guo referred to in the report and
subsequently produced at trial. I shall refer to these documents collectively
as “Dr Guo’s 1st Report”.

(b) The second dated 12 July 2016 (“Dr Guo’s 2nd Report”), comprising two
pages, was supplementary to Dr Guo’s 1st Report.

36 The three accused persons relied on the expert opinion of Dr Munidasa
Winslow (“Dr Winslow”) of Promises Healthcare Pte Ltd. Dr Winslow produced one
report of six pages dated 13 September 2016 (“Dr Winslow’s Report”) and
supplemented it with oral testimony.

Preliminary matters

37 Before turning to the issues of criminal liability and the ancillary
hearings proper, I will address two preliminary matters.

38 On the first day of trial on 2 August 2016, upon an application by the
Prosecution, I granted a gag order pursuant to ss 8(3)(a) and (b) of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed), which prohibits,
first, the publication of any identifying particulars that is likely to lead
to the identification of the Complainant, and second, the doing of any act
which is likely to lead to the same. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE Day 1, p 3.

There was no objection. This order remains operative to date.

39 Second, at the commencement of trial, Asep objected to the conduct of a
joint trial. The basis of the objection was that the Prosecution would be
seeking to admit and rely on Faris’ police statements, and that the contents
of those statements – specifically, the parts relating to the Complainant’s
state of consciousness in the early morning of 26 January 2014 – would be
prejudicial to his defence. In this regard, Asep relied on s 258(5) of the CPC
and argued that since he and Faris were charged for distinct offences, the
court was not allowed to rely on Faris’ statements in determining his guilt.
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE Day 1, p 4.

In that light, a joint trial should be avoided as it would be practically
difficult for the court to ignore Faris’ statements while assessing Asep’s
guilt.

40 The other two accused persons, Faris and Ridhwan, had no objections to the
joint trial. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE Day 1, pp 5-6.

41 In my view, the court had the power to order, and should in the present
case order, a joint trial in respect of the three accused persons, including
Asep and Faris, under ss 143(b) and/or (c) of the CPC. The relevant parts of
ss 143(b) and (c) of the CPC read as follows:

Persons who may be charged and tried jointly

143\. The following persons may be charged and tried together or separately:

…

(b) persons accused of different offences committed in the same transaction;

(c) persons accused of 2 or more offences which form or are a part of a series
of offences of the same or a similar character;

42 In relation to the court’s power to order a joint trial, s 143(b) of the
CPC permits joint trials to be conducted for persons accused of “different
offences committed in the same transaction”. In Tse Po Chung Nathan and
another v Public Prosecutor [1993] 1 SLR(R) 308 (“Nathan Tse”), the Court of
Criminal Appeal held that “the real and substantial test for determining
whether several offences are connected together so as to form the same
transaction depends upon whether they are so related to one another in point
of purpose, or cause and effect, or as principal and subsidiary acts as to
constitute one continuous action” (at [30]; affirmed in Sharom bin Ahmad and
another v Public Prosecutor [2000] 2 SLR(R) 541 at [26]). While unity in
purpose or design is the main inquiry, other relevant factors include
proximity in time and place and continuity in action (Nathan Tse at [31]). It
is not necessary that all of four factors be present for the incidents to form
part of the same transaction (Nathan Tse at [31]).

43 In the present case, I was of the view that the alleged offences of the
three accused persons were committed “in the same transaction”. The alleged
offences clearly shared a close proximity in time and place, and there was
also strong continuity in action as they formed part of a chain of events
which related proximally to each other. As for unity in purpose, in so far as
the Prosecution’s case was concerned, the three accused persons shared similar
motives and designs against the Complainant. Although there was no allegation
that the accused persons had acted in concert, such an allegation was not
necessary: “Community of purpose in the sense of conspiracy is not in any way
necessary, though if it is present, its presence will be a further element
supporting a finding that the offences are committed in the same transaction”
(Nathan Tse at [31], quoting Mitra on the Code of Criminal Procedure (16th ed,
1987) at p 1385). Indeed, even if it could not strictly be said that the
alleged offences were united in purpose, I was of the view that they were so
proximally and circumstantially connected that the facts compelled their being
treated as part of the same transaction.

44 In this regard, I also considered the High Court decision in Lim Chuan Huat
and another v Public Prosecutor [2002] 1 SLR(R) 1 (“Lim Chuan Huat”) to be
analogous and persuasive. That case concerned the court’s power to order a
joint trial under the predecessor provision to s 143(b) in the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed). There, the wife-employer who had
assaulted a domestic helper on one day, and the husband-employer who had
assaulted the same helper the day after, were jointly tried even though the
offences were in some sense separate and there was no allegation of
conspiracy. The court reasoned as follows:

31 Based on the foregoing, I found that the facts of the present case
supported the trial judge’s decision to allow the appellants to be tried
together. Not only was there an identity of purpose in the separate acts of
the appellants, but there was unity of place and proximity of time.
Furthermore, common sense dictates that given the facts of this particular
case, viz the victim was the sole employee of both the appellants and the
offences took place in the intimate setting of a household over a consecutive
period of two days, it is not against the interest of justice for the
appellants to be jointly tried. …

45 In any event, even if the alleged offences were not so proximate as to
constitute the same transaction under s 143(b) of the CPC, they would fall
within s 143(c) of the CPC which permits joint trials to be held for persons
accused of “2 of more offences which form or are a part of a series of
offences of the same or a similar character”. In my view, the present charges
constituted a series of offences which shared a close physical, temporal, and
circumstantial nexus. The charges also related to offences of the same or a
similar character, ie, sexual offences of varying severity committed against
the same complainant. Similar reasoning was adopted in Public Prosecutor v
Muhammad Rahmatullah Maniam bin Abdullah and another [1999] SGHC 252
(“Rahmatullah”) which considered the predecessor provision to s 143(c) of the
CPC. There, the High Court held that two accused persons who had sexually
assaulted the same victim on the same morning and at around the same place
could be jointly tried, even though they had committed the offences without
the knowledge or involvement of the other person (Rahmatullah at [25]), and
even though there “was no indication of any common purpose or unity of
purpose” (Rahmatullah at [26]), based on the following reasoning:

31 As the offences in the present case are alleged to be committed against the
same person during the same morning and were committed at or on the way to the
same flat, I was satisfied that there was a sufficient nexus between the
offences for them to be regarded as a series of offences of the same or
similar character.

46 As for the appropriate exercise of discretion in this case, I was of the
view that the following factors supported the ordering of a joint trial:

(a) I agreed with the Prosecution that given the close proximity in time and
place of the alleged offences, and the significant overlap in witnesses and
evidence against each of the accused persons, it was in the public interest
for the court to conduct a holistic examination of the entire sequence of
events that transpired in the early morning of 26 January 2014 rather than to
attempt to segregate and confine the evidence to very specific and isolated
instances in that morning. This would be done subject to the caveat that a
confession by any of the accused persons would not be used against another
accused person since the accused persons were not charged for the same
offence, thereby precluding s 258(5) of the CPC from being satisfied.

(b) If a joint trial had not been ordered, common witnesses for the trial for
each accused person would have to attend separate trials to testify repeatedly
about the same background facts as well as the condition of the Complainant at
different points in time. This would apply to the witnesses for both the
Prosecution and the Defence, including the expert witnesses who would have to
repeat their evidence at each trial. This would cause unnecessary delay and
expense, and there would likely also be discrepancies in the minute details
which might distract the court from the material facts.

(c) Importantly, the Complainant would have to repeat much of her evidence
more than once. Whether or not the Complainant was telling the truth, it would
be unjust to require her to attend court and repeat most of her evidence for
the trial of each accused person, with the difference being the evidence for
the occasion when each offence was allegedly committed.

47 Having addressed the provisions on joint trial under s 143 of the CPC, I
turn now to Asep’s argument about prejudice under s 258(5) of the CPC. The
version of s 258(5) applicable at the material time stated as follows:

(5) When more persons than one are being tried jointly for the same offence,
and a confession made by one of such persons affecting himself and some other
of such persons is proved, the court may take into consideration the
confession as against the other person as well as against the person who makes
the confession.

Explanation — “Offence” as used in this section includes the abetment of or
attempt to commit the offence.

Illustrations

(a) A and B are jointly tried for the murder of C. It is proved that A said “B
and I murdered C”. The court may consider the effect of this confession as
against B.

(b) A is on trial for the murder of C. There is evidence to show that C was
murdered by A and B and that B said “A and I murdered C”. This statement may
not be taken into consideration by the court against A as B is not being
jointly tried.

Section 258(5) has since been amended but the amendments do not affect the
present case.

48 I did not accept the argument that since the accused persons were not
charged for the same offence and s 258(5) of the CPC was not satisfied here,
the court should avoid a joint trial in order to prevent a cross-contamination
of evidence between the accused persons. As the High Court observed in Lee
Kwang Peng v Public Prosecutor [1997] 2 SLR(R) 569 at [57]–[58] in an
analogous context concerning the joint trial of several charges laid against
the same accused person, it is possible for the court to order a joinder but
with a view to analysing the evidence separately if required. Indeed, if the
argument was correct, there would be few, if any, situations in which a joint
trial should be ordered unless s 258(5) is first satisfied, ie, the accused
persons are in fact tried for the same offence and one of them has given a
confession affecting himself and the co-accused persons. That would mean,
curiously, that the question of whether a joint trial should be ordered is
dictated by the satisfaction of s 258(5) rather than whether any limb under s
143 applied. In my view, if that had been the intended position, Parliament
would have made that clear. Thus, primacy must be given to s 143 in
determining whether a joint trial should be ordered.

49 Accordingly, I granted the Prosecution’s application for a joint trial of
the three accused persons and proceeded on that basis. I should add that,
apart from the initial objection by Asep, at no point during the trial or at
closing submissions did any of the accused persons raise any issue of
prejudice as a result of the joint trial. In any event, to err on the side of
caution, I have not relied on Faris’s police statements, whether or not they
contain any confession, in assessing the guilt of Asep, and vice versa.

The ancillary hearings

The law on admissibility of police statements

50 The law on the admissibility of police statements was largely undisputed in
the present case. The basic and fundamental principle is that a statement must
have been given voluntarily to the police by the accused before it may be
admitted in trial. This principle is codified in s 258(3) of the CPC, the
material parts of which read as follows:

(3) The court shall refuse to admit the statement of an accused or allow it to
be used in the manner referred to in subsection (1) if the making of the
statement appears to the court to have been caused by any inducement, threat
or promise having reference to the charge against the accused, proceeding from
a person in authority and sufficient, in the opinion of the court, to give the
accused grounds which would appear to him reasonable for supposing that by
making the statement he would gain any advantage or avoid any evil of a
temporal nature in reference to the proceedings against him.

Explanation 1. — If a statement is obtained from an accused by a person in
authority who had acted in such a manner that his acts tend to sap and have in
fact sapped the free will of the maker of the statement, and the court is of
the opinion that such acts gave the accused grounds which would appear to the
accused reasonable for supposing that by making the statement, he would gain
any advantage or avoid any evil of a temporal nature in reference to the
proceedings against him, such acts will amount to a threat, an inducement or a
promise, as the case may be, which will render the statement inadmissible.

Explanation 2. — If a statement is otherwise admissible, it will not be
rendered inadmissible merely because it was made in any of the following
circumstances:

…

(e) where the recording officer or the interpreter of an accused’s statement
recorded under section 22 or 23 did not fully comply with that section; or

…

51 The Prosecution bears the burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt that
the statements it seeks to admit were made voluntarily. In Chai Chien Wei
Kelvin v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 619, the Court of Appeal explained
the content of the test of voluntariness in the following terms at [53] (see
also Lim Thian Lai v Public Prosecutor [2006] 1 SLR(R) 319 at [14]):

The test of voluntariness is applied in a manner which is partly objective and
partly subjective. The objective limb is satisfied if there is a threat,
inducement or promise, and the subjective limb when the threat, inducement or
promise operates on the mind of the particular accused through hope of escape
or fear of punishment connected with the charge.

52 Although the main text of s 258(3) of the CPC mentions only “threat,
inducement or promise”, it is well accepted that other forms of oppressive
conduct tending to or in fact sapping the will of the accused may also negate
the voluntariness of a statement. In Tey Tsun Hang v Public Prosecutor [2014]
2 SLR 1189 (“Tey Tsun Hang”), the High Court explained at [88] that, under the
present version of the CPC, oppression is rationalised within the framework of
threat, inducements or promise, since Explanation 1 to s 258(3) states that if
“a person in authority who had acted in such a manner that his acts tend to
sap and have in fact sapped the free will of the maker of the statement … such
acts will amount to a threat, inducement or promise” [emphasis in original].
This stands in contrast with the former approach where oppression was a
distinct ground for a finding of involuntariness (Tey Tsun Hang at [88]).
Despite this conceptual shift, however, the substantive law on oppression
remains the same: “The litmus test for oppression is whether the investigation
was, by its nature, duration or other attendant circumstances, such as to
affect the accused’s mind and will such that he speaks when he otherwise would
have remained silent” (Tey Tsun Hang at [113]). I would add that the same
standard applies even where the allegation is not that the accused would have
remained silent, but that he would have given a different version of the
statement, had he not been oppressed.

Ancillary Hearing in respect of Faris’ statements

53 As mentioned, Faris challenged the admissibility of both of the police
statements relied on by the Prosecution (see [28] above). Two main contentions
were raised: (a) that material aspects of the statements were given in
oppressive conditions and therefore not voluntary; and (b) that there were
procedural irregularities during the statement-taking process which rendered
the prejudicial effect of the statements greater than their probative value.
At the end of the ancillary hearing, I held that both statements were
admissible. I will explain my decision in relation to the two statements in
sequence.

Faris’ 1st Statement

54 I begin with the content and formalities of Faris’ 1st Statement. This
statement was, on its face, recorded by ISP Tho at the PCC on 30 January 2014
from about 12.45am to 2.05am (see [28(a)] above). It was recorded in the
English language and contained 14 paragraphs of prose over 5 pages:

(a) Paragraphs 1 to 7 introduced Faris, his particulars, and the background to
Elmi’s birthday party at the Duxton Hotel from 25 to 26 January 2014.

(b) Paragraph 8 stated that at the party, Faris drank “quite a lot and… felt
tipsy subsequently”. He did not pay attention to how much the others were
drinking, but thought that “we all drank about the same amount” because they
would refill their empty cups at the same time. Save for three individuals who
did not drink, the rest of the attendees “were all tipsy”. Faris also noticed
the Complainant “had been vomiting. She even vomited on the bed.” (It was not
disputed that “drinking” in this context referred to the consumption of
alcohol.)

(c) Paragraph 9 stated that the attendees decided to go to Zouk at about
midnight, but observed the following of the Complainant’s condition at that
time:

… [the Complainant] was very drunk. We were drinking at the living room and
she can’t even walk properly to the toilet at the 2nd floor. Someone helped
her to get up to the toilet and she vomited inside and on the bed. … As [the
Complainant] was very drunk, she cannot go Zouk. “Hazly” and “Fadly” then
stayed back with her while the rest of us went to Zouk.

(d) Paragraphs 9 and 10 recorded certain events which occurred at Zouk. In
essence, Faris consumed more alcohol there and returned to Duxton Hotel with
Ridhwan soon after Asep left Zouk. When Faris and Ridhwan entered the Room,
Faris noticed Hazly and Fadly watching television in the living room, while
the Complainant was inside the bathroom. Faris heard the Complainant vomiting
and went to take a look, whereupon he “saw her in the bathtub”. Faris then
went back to the living room and slept on the living room floor.

(e) The last part of paragraph 11 through to paragraph 14 of the statement are
material as they were challenged as inaccurate by Faris, and they will be
relied on in the analysis of the charges below (see [156]). They read as
follows:

11 … I took out my shirt and lay on the living room floor. I subsequently fell
asleep.

12 When I woke up, I realised the sky was bright and [the Complainant] was on
my left. She was also lying down but her eyes were opened. Her body was
turning to my side and facing me. On her left was [Ridhwan] and he was lying
down and I could not see his face. On my right was a chair. The blanket was
covering the 3 of us and I wanted to get up to drink some water. I then lifted
up the blanket and I saw [the Complainant] was half naked. She was wearing a
round neck t-shirt with length slightly above her belly button. She was also
wearing a black and white short skirt. Somehow, her skirt was lifted up to her
waist and I could see that she was not wearing any panties. I put the blanket
down but I was already aroused. I then moved closer to her and I lay my head
on her right upper arm and I put my right hand under the blanket and I used my
fingers to touch her vagina. I used my fingers to rub her vagina at her “G”
spot. The “G” spot was outside at the top of the vagina. I cannot remember
which finger or fingers I used. I rubbed for a while and she pushed my hand
away and I stopped. While I was rubbing her vagina, she looked at my [sic]
blankly.

13 After she pushed away my hand and I stopped, I got up to get some water. I
then went back to lie beside her again but I turned my body towards the right
and faced away from her. At that time, [Ridhwan] was still lying beside her. A
while later, I fell asleep again. When I woke up again, it was around 10 am
plus or 11 am. The rest of them also started to wake up or already woke up. We
then started to go off.

14 I only rubbed [the Complainant’s] vagina. I did not insert my finger inside
her vagina. I did not put my penis inside her vagina. I don’t know whether
[Ridhwan] did anything to her but he was lying beside her. I regretted what I
had done.

55 Faris signed at least once at the bottom of each page of the statement. The
final part of the statement was a paragraph which recorded, amongst other
things, that ISP Tho had informed Faris prior to statement-taking that Faris
may make any amendment to the statement. It also recorded that ISP Tho “did
not offer any threat, inducement promise to [Faris] either before or during
the recording of the statement. [Faris] gave the statement voluntarily”. This
paragraph was followed by the signatures of both Faris and ISP Tho.

56 Faris raised two main arguments as to why his 1st Statement was not
admissible.

(a) First, he contended that the statement had been given as a result of
oppression. Specifically, he said that he had agreed to the inclusion of the
last part of paragraph 11 until paragraph 14 of the statement, even though
they were not true, because of pressure from SIO Sajari who was also present
at the time of statement-taking together with ISP Tho (ie, from 12.45am to
2.05am). 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE Day 23, pp 34-47.

According to Faris, SIO Sajari made “suggestions” to him about what had
happened, and Faris felt compelled to agree because SIO Sajari “kept shouting”
at him, and he “d[id] not know what to do” and “just had to give her what she
wanted”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE Day 23, p 38 at lines 11-12.

He also alleged that SIO Sajari had shouted “You think this is funny”, told
him that rape was a capital matter (which Faris understood to mean “a big
case” that involved a long term of imprisonment 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE Day 23, p 45 at line 9.

), and asked him to take off his t-shirt and squat for “quite a long time”
with his hands placed behind his head and neck, until he had “pins and
needles”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE Day 23, p 44.

During this time, apart from asking a few introductory questions, ISP Tho was
“just typing”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE Day 23, p 47 at line 13.

(b) Second, Faris alleged that there had been several procedural breaches
during the statement-taking process. It was not clear if he meant that these
breaches in themselves negated the admissibility of the statement, or that
they, coupled with the oppressive acts of the police, led to the recording of
an untrue and inaccurate account in the statement. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE Day 23, pp 47-48.

57 The Prosecution’s case was that Faris’ 1st Statement was voluntarily given
and procedurally proper. In relation to the allegations against SIO Sajari,
its version was that SIO Sajari had not even been present at the taking of
Faris’ 1st Statement. Instead, during the material period, she was elsewhere
occupied with the handling of Ridhwan and his statements, and ISP Tho was the
only person taking Faris’ statement. Thus, Faris’ allegations against SIO
Sajari could only have been untruths belatedly contrived in a bid to escape
liability. As for the alleged procedural irregularities, the Prosecution
submitted that ISP Tho had complied with the requisite procedures.

58 In my view, there had been no oppression in relation to Faris’ 1st
Statement because SIO Sajari was not present at the taking of this statement,
and could not have acted as Faris alleged. It was, therefore, not possible for
any conduct on her part to sap the will of Faris in relation to this
statement. I came to this view for the following reasons.

59 First, there was consistent and corroborated evidence that SIO Sajari was
not present throughout the period when Faris’ 1st Statement was taken.

(a) ISP Tho’s evidence was that on 29 January 2014 at around 11.35pm, he and
two other officers placed Faris under arrest when Faris reported to the
Serious Sexual Crimes Branch (“SSCB”) at the PCC. Faris was then escorted to
an interview room in SSCB, where ISP Tho alone interviewed him from around
12.45am to 2.05am on 30 January 2014. This was consistent with the fact that
only ISP Tho’s name was reflected on Faris’ 1st Statement. Thereafter, at
around 2.15am, ISP Tho and ASP Guruswamy escorted Faris to the lock-up at the
PCC.

(b) Deputy Superintendent Amos Tang Lai Hee (“DSP Tang”) gave evidence that
between 12.04am and 1.03am on 30 January 2014, he interviewed Ridhwan and took
a statement from him. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE Day 22, p 11.

DSP Tang’s usual practice was to hand the statement over to the lead
investigation officer (“IO”) once he finished recording it, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE Day 22, p 6.

and the lead IO in this case was SIO Sajari. While DSP Tang was referring to
his usual practice and candidly said that he could not recall what had
actually occurred in this case, 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE Day 22, p 6.

the Prosecution submitted that there was no reason for him to depart from this
practice on 30 January 2014. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE Day 22, p 11 at lines 22-25; Prosecution’s submissions on the ancillary
hearing at para 17.

I agreed that some weight should be placed on DSP Tang’s usual practice,
particularly in the light of SIO Sajari’s role as the lead IO and the fact
that she was the person who had instructed DSP Tang to take the relevant
statement from Ridhwan in the first place. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE Day 22, p 11 at lines 9-11.

I add that 1.03am, which was around the time DSP Tang handed the statement
over to SIO Sajari, was sometime after the commencement of the recording of
Faris’ 1st Statement.

(c) SIO Sajari similarly testified that she received Ridhwan’s statement from
DSP Tang at slightly after 1.03am. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE Day 21, p 26 at lines 3-9.

Between then and 2.00am, she was reading it and using it to prepare the form
for Ridhwan’s type-written cautioned statement for use with him later. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE Day 21, pp 6-7.

At around 2.00am, SIO Sajari and DSP Tang escorted Ridhwan from SSCB to the
lock-up for a medical examination, and then at around 2.15am, she commenced
recording Ridhwan’s cautioned statement using the form that she had earlier
prepared. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

See Exhibit TWT-P5 at paras 10-11.

In my view, the timeline was credible. SIO Sajari’s account that she had
escorted Ridhwan to his medical examination at around 2.00am was also
corroborated by DSP Tang. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

See Exhibit TWT-P10 at para 8.

(I should add that Ridhwan’s cautioned statement was in relation to a charge
under s 376(1)(a) of the PC for penile-anal penetration, 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

See Exhibit TWT-P5 at para 11.

which appeared not to have been pursued as it was not a charge before this
court.)

60 While it would have been better if there had been objective contemporaneous
evidence of SIO Sajari’s whereabouts, I accepted her explanation that she had
disposed her field book and other confidential documents when she left the
police force and was told in 2016 that she would not be required as a witness
in this case. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE Day 21, pp 12-13.

Indeed, it was apparently Faris’ counsel who had told the Prosecution in 2016
that SIO Sajari would not be required as a witness, in reliance on which SIO
Sajari disposed of her field book and documents when the Prosecution conveyed
the same to her. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE Day 21, pp 12-19.

Faris’ counsel said she took this position because the Prosecution had
initially said that it was not relying on his 1st Statement. On the other
hand, the Prosecution said that they had not intended to rely on Faris’ 1st
Statement until he took a certain position. Thus, when the parties’ cases
morphed later, SIO Sajari’s oral testimony was again needed, but the field
book and documents could no longer be retrieved. This was unfortunate but I
did not consider it to suggest anything untoward on the part of SIO Sajari.
Neither did Faris suggest that SIO Sajari had given a false reason for
disposing her field book and other confidential documents.

61 Second, and in contrast, there was a material inconsistency in Faris’ own
account of when SIO Sajari had been present at the statement-taking.

(a) Initially, during the cross-examination of SIO Sajari in the ancillary
hearing, Faris asserted through his counsel that SIO Sajari had been present
with him and ISP Tho from 11.45pm on 29 January 2014 to about 2.00am on 30
January 2014. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE Day 21, p 27 at lines 1-4.

This time period would include both the pre-interview conversation between
Faris and the officers (11.45pm to 12.45am), and the entire duration of the
statement-taking proper (12.45am to 2.05am).

(b) Subsequently, however, after the evidence of the Prosecution had been
given, Faris testified in cross-examination that only ISP Tho was with him
during the pre-interview stage, and that SIO Sajari had entered the room
“halfway when recording the statement”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE Day 25, p 13 at lines 24-29.

When pressed on when exactly SIO Sajari had entered the room, he said that he
could not remember, even though he stressed that it was before paragraph 12 of
his 1st Statement was taken. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE Day 25, p 14 at lines 1-7.

He accepted that this was a change from the position that his counsel had
taken when she cross-examined SIO Sajari. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE Day 25, p 48 at lines 19-20.

62 In my view, this inconsistency raised doubts about the accuracy and
veracity of Faris’ account. The Defence sought to play this down by stressing
that Faris had been consistent in maintaining that SIO Sajari was present at
least during the latter half of the interview, 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE Day 26, p 60 at lines 12-17.

but this did not inspire confidence. It seemed that he had tailored his
evidence to try and meet the evidence that the Prosecution had adduced. In
fact, Faris’ evidence suggested further inconsistencies with other parts of
his statement, for instance, that ISP Tho had played only a passive role and
was “just typing” during the interview. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE Day 23, p 47 at line 13.

Surely ISP Tho would have taken on a more active role had he been the only
officer present during the first half of the interview.

63 Third, the parts of the statement which, according to Faris, were suggested
by SIO Sajari aggressively and agreed to by him in fear included exculpatory
content. In particular, paragraph 14 of Faris’ 1st Statement stated
specifically “I did not insert my finger inside her vagina” and thereafter “I
did not put my penis inside her vagina” [emphases added]. Yet, Faris insisted
in attributing the contents of the entire paragraph to SIO Sajari: 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE Day 23, p 45 at lines 10-31.

Q [from Faris’ counsel]: … Faris, is there anything else in the rest of your
statement that was recorded inaccurately from you?

A The whole paragraph 14.

Q Okay, the whole paragraph is inaccurately recorded?

A Yes.

Q Okay, so can you tell us what happened during the recording of paragraph 14?

A As usual, she shouted at me. She asked me, “So you just rub [the
Complainant’s] vagina?” I just agreed. Everything that is stated here, she
asked me and I just agreed. …

…

Q … Okay, Faris, can you clarify? Okay, you said that this paragraph is
inaccurately recorded but now you’re telling us that this is actually what you
did agree with [SIO Sajari].

A Yes. This is what I--- this is not what I said. This is what she said and I
just agreed.

64 I agreed with the Prosecution that this further undermined the credibility
of Faris’ account. It beggared belief that SIO Sajari would be shouting at
Faris and accusing him of committing offences in one moment, and then
volunteering exonerative facts to Faris to be recorded in his statement in
another. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Prosecution’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at para 23.

No plausible explanation was put forth by Faris to reconcile such contrasting
accounts of the conduct of SIO Sajari.

65 Fourth, I found Faris’ contemporaneous conduct and reaction to be
inconsistent with the abuse and indignity that he had allegedly suffered at
the hands of SIO Sajari.

66 In particular, Faris did not tell any person about the alleged abuses for a
significant period of time. It was not entirely clear when he first raised
this issue with his counsel or with the Prosecution, but it was undisputed
that this was after he had engaged counsel and it was not near the time of
statement-taking. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE Day 25, p 33 at lines 16-17.

He did not file a complaint or raise the issue with any other police officer.
Faris explained that he did not know what would happen if he complained to a
police officer about another police officer. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE Day 25, p 33.

But even if that were the case, there were other persons he could have spoken
to and would naturally have done so had the alleged abuses been true, even
without the benefit of counsel. For instance, he could have complained to his
parents. He did not do so, and during the ancillary hearing he explained that
he did not wish for his parents to get involved. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE Day 25, p 33 at lines 10-12.

However, since his parents were the ones who had bailed him out after his
initial arrest, they must have already known that there was some allegation of
a criminal nature against Faris. Furthermore, as the Prosecution pointed out,
Faris could have told his parents about the police’s abusive conduct without
telling them any detail about the charges. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE Day 25, p 52 at lines 26-27.

In any event, Faris also did not mention any of the alleged abuses to his
then-girlfriend or his friends, even though they were quite serious
allegations. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE Day 25, p 33; Day 26, p 43, pp 56-59.

I found this to be inexplicable.

67 A further reason Faris provided for not having told anyone about the
alleged abuses was that he did not initially realise that SIO Sajari had done
anything wrong. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE Day 25, pp 31 and 34.

He did not, for example, know whether the police was allowed to ask an accused
person to squat and take off his shirt when taking his statement. However,
when pressed further, Faris accepted that he knew that it was “not normal” for
police officers to put answers into the mouths of accused persons in the
statement-taking process. In my view, if his allegations about SIO Sajari were
true, he would have known that the alleged misconduct was wrongful. He was
simply trying to come up with an excuse as to why he did not complain about
the misconduct to someone else sooner thereafter.

68 Indeed, Faris later conceded that he had suspected that something was wrong
and that ISP Tho was merely recording whatever SIO Sajari had “suggested” to
him. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE Day 25, pp 34-35.

Yet, despite these suspicions, he did not at any time make an attempt to read
or amend the statement. He claimed to have signed once at the bottom of each
page of the statement because he was told to do so, without reading the
contents because he “didn’t get the time to read”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE Day 25, p 36 at line 3.

But he too did not request for more time to do so. He attributed his passivity
to his perceived need to obey the police as a “higher power”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE Day 25, p 18 at line 11, p 37.

But it was doubtful if he could have been so overwhelmed by fear or respect
for authority since, by his own admission, he had lied to the police in the
same interview so as to ward off criminal liability. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Prosecution’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at para 22.

69 For these reasons, I did not find Faris’ account of what had occurred at
the taking of his 1st Statement to be credible.

70 Faris submitted that if he had wanted to lie, it would have been easier for
him to make allegations against ISP Tho rather than SIO Sajari. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Defence’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at para 29; NE Day 26, p 59 at
lines 11-23.

I did not give this argument too much weight. It was not for the court to
speculate as to Faris’ intentions. It should also be pointed out that SIO
Sajari was the lead IO and, in that regard, played a more central role than
ISP Tho. The Defence also argued that if SIO Sajari was to be believed, “then
Faris could not possibly recognise her”. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Defence’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at para 30.

But the chronology should not be confused. It would not be unexpected for
Faris to know of the identity and role of SIO Sajari by the time he surfaced
these allegations against her, even if he did not know of her at the time of
the statement-taking.

71 Finally, turning to the procedural irregularities alleged, Faris raised the
following complaints in relation to his 1st Statement: 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Defence’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at para 15.

(a) He was not expressly asked the language that he wished to give his
statement in. If given a choice, he would have preferred to give his statement
in Malay rather than English, even though he had not expressed such a
preference at the time of statement-taking.

(b) His statement was not read back or explained to him, nor was he given the
chance to read it. In fact, the first time Faris read this statement was when
his first lawyer gave it to him at a much later date.

(c) He was not informed that he could make edits to the statement. He was also
not asked if he would like to edit the statement when his 2nd Statement was
taken. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE Day 23, p 50.

(d) He was not asked to confirm if the statement was true and correct. Even
though he had signed every page of the statement, he did so only because he
“was just told to sign”. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE Day 23, p 48 at lines 11-20.

He was not given the option of not signing his statement at all.

72 Faris’ 1st Statement was taken under s 22 of the CPC, the material part of
which reads as follows:

Power to examine witnesses

22.— …

…

(3) A statement made by any person examined under this section must —

(a) be in writing;

(b) be read over to him;

(c) if he does not understand English, be interpreted for him in a language
that he understands; and

(d) be signed by him.

(There have since been amendments to s 22 of the CPC, but those amendments
were introduced after the ancillary hearing.)

73 I should highlight at the outset that not every procedural breach, even if
of a requirement expressly stated in s 22 of the CPC, would render a statement
inadmissible if it is otherwise admissible. Explanation 2 to s 258(3) of the
CPC states:

Explanation 2. — If a statement is otherwise admissible, it will not be
rendered inadmissible merely because it was made in any of the following
circumstances:

…

(e) where the recording officer or the interpreter of an accused’s statement
recorded under section 22 or 23 did not fully comply with that section. …

74 Faris relied on the following paragraph of the Court of Appeal’s decision
in Muhammad bin Kadar v Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 1205 (“Kadar”) at [62]:

Statements taken in deliberate or reckless non-compliance… in relation to
procedural requirements will generally require more cogent explanation from
the Prosecution to discharge its burden, as compared to where the
irregularities are merely careless or arising from some pressing operational
necessity. This would be because the bona fides of a recording police officer
who deliberately breaches the requirements or knowingly disregards them would
necessarily be more questionable. Further, such conduct should not be
encouraged. The court should be wary of accepting any explanation by way of
ignorance of the correct procedures…

75 However, this did not support a broad proposition that every procedural
irregularity or non-compliance would render a statement inadmissible. In the
present case, it is not disputed that Kadar stood for the existence of a
common law discretion to exclude a statement even if voluntarily taken. The
test in deciding whether to exercise such a discretion is whether the
prejudicial effect of the statement exceeds its probative value (Kadar at
[55]). This test, while perhaps easy to state, is not so easy to apply. Where
the prosecution seeks to rely on a statement, there is bound to be some
probative value in it; and where the defence seeks to challenge the
admissibility of a statement, it is most likely the case that admitting the
statement will lead to some prejudice to the defence’s case. But the central
inquiry underlying this discretionary power is the court’s fundamental concern
with the reliability of the police statement. Therefore, the twin factors of
“probative value” and “prejudicial effect” must be assessed with this broader
question of reliability in mind. This much is clear on a closer reading of
Kadar, where the Court of Appeal repeatedly stressed the need for the court to
be satisfied of the reliability of a statement, including at [55] that “where
prejudicial effect exceeds the probative value, the very reliability of the
statement sought to be admitted is questionable” [emphasis added]. Viewed in
this light, it will become apparent that Faris’ procedural complaints did not
materially impinge on the reliability of either of his statements.

76 Furthermore, as I mentioned (at [56(b)]), it was not clear if Faris’
argument was that the procedural breaches in themselves rendered his statement
inadmissible, or that they facilitated the recording of an inadmissible
statement taken together with the allegedly oppressive acts by SIO Sajari. It
appeared that Faris was arguing the latter, since the thrust of his allegation
was not so much about inadvertent inaccuracy but rather that he was coerced
into signing on the 1st Statement. If so, then his argument must fail as I
have rejected his account of the alleged oppression. Even if the argument was
of pure procedural irregularity, I was of the view that there was no material
irregularity in respect of Faris’ 1st Statement for the following reasons.

(a) First, in relation to the language in which the statement should be taken,
s 22(3)(c) of the CPC clearly states that interpretation must be provided “if
the person does not understand English”. But it was not the Defence’s case
that Faris did not understand English at the time he gave the statement.
Rather, the Defence’s case was that Faris would prefer to give his evidence in
the Malay language (see [71(a)] above). 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE Day 26, p 68.

Indeed, having observed and heard Faris in court, it was clear to me that
Faris could understand and speak simple English. At various points when giving
evidence, Faris would slip into English despite the presence of a court
interpreter for the Malay language. Faris’ own testimony was that if he could
not understand what was said to him in English, he would have clarified or
asked for a Malay interpreter at the time his statement was recorded, 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE Day 25, p 84 at lines 1-14.

which he did not. It was also not his case that he had expressed his
preference for the Malay language but that ISP Tho had rejected the request.
To the contrary, ISP Tho’s evidence was that he had asked Faris which language
he preferred to converse in prior to the recording of the statement, and that
Faris had indicated English. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE Day 20, p 46.

During her oral submissions, counsel for Faris accepted that s 22(3)(c) of the
CPC did not require the statement-taker to positively ask the accused which
language he wanted to give his statement in. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE Day 26, p 68.

Although she suggested that this might be an internal guideline for the
police, 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE Day 26, pp 68-69.

this was speculative and not put to the Prosecution witnesses.

(b) As for the reading back of the statement, s 22(3)(b) requires that a
police statement be “read over” to the accused person, even though an
explanation is not expressly required. On the evidence, I preferred ISP Tho’s
version that he had read over the statement to Faris after it was recorded.
This account was largely unshaken in court, and it accorded with the paragraph
at the end of the statement, where it was stated at two instances that “my
statement was read and explained to me”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE Day 20, pp 65-66.

Faris had signed immediately below this paragraph. In any event, Faris agreed
that he was given the chance to and had in fact made amendments to his 1st
Statement in his 2nd Statement. In this light, the reliability of the 1st
Statement read together with his 2nd Statement is not compromised, and I did
not consider that the prejudicial effect of admitting the 1st Statement would
be greater than its probative value.

(c) As for the alleged irregularities highlighted at [71(c)] and [71(d)]
above, for similar reasons, I was of the view that Faris had been given the
opportunity to amend his statement and to confirm its truth and accuracy. In
any event, such omissions did not relate to any statutory procedural
obligation under the CPC. Faris accepted this, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE Day 26, pp 71-72.

but sought to argue that they nevertheless weighed against the accuracy and
hence admissibility of Faris’ 1st Statement. I was not persuaded since in any
event, as I mentioned, Faris was given the chance to and had in fact made
amendments to his 1st Statement when he gave his 2nd Statement.

77 For the foregoing reasons, I held that Faris’ 1st Statement was admissible
in evidence.

Faris’ 2nd Statement

78 Turning to Faris’ 2nd Statement, this was recorded by ASP Guruswamy on 16
October 2014 from about 6.50pm to 9.00pm (see [28(b)] above). Faris raised two
similar challenges in respect of the voluntariness and admissibility of this
statement: (a) that it was taken in circumstances that were oppressive, and
(b) that it was procedurally irregular in several aspects.

79 Faris’ 2nd Statement was 5 pages long and recorded in question-and-answer
format. There were a total of 29 sets of questions and answers, of which the
following points are material:

(a) Faris indicated that he wanted to add the following facts to paragraph 11
of his 1st Statement (Questions 1 and 2):

When I went into the toilet on the second floor of the hotel room, I saw [the
Complainant] seated inside the bath tub. I went to urinate first at the toilet
bowl. I saw that [the Complainant] was drunk. She was already vomiting when we
had left the hotel earlier to Zouk. [The Complainant] got out of the bathtub
and knocked herself out against the door. This caused the door to be slightly
closed. She then stood near the door and was just standing there. I then
walked towards her and she fell on me as she could not stand on her own. She
then put her hands on my shoulder to support herself. She subsequently leaned
back on the door and this caused the door to close. Her face was near my neck.
I then lifted up her skirt and I realised that she was not wearing any
panties. I opened my pants and underwear and pulled it down to my ankle level.
I then started “fucking” her”.

He explained that he had not mentioned this in his 1st Statement because he
was “scared to admit to my mistake” and that he decided to “come clean” now
because he was “feeling scared as to when the truth will come out.” (Questions
3 and 4).

(b) Several clarificatory questions then followed. First, Faris clarified that
by “fucking”, he meant that he had penile-vaginal intercourse with the
Complainant (Question 6). As for the issue of consent, Faris provided the
following answers:

Q9: Did you ask [the Complainant] whether you can have sex with [her]?

A9: When she leaned on the toilet door and the toilet door closed, I asked her
whether I could have sex with her.

Q10: Did she give you a reply when you asked her whether you can have sex with
her?

A10: She did not reply. Her eyes were halfway closed and she still appeared
drunk.

Q11: If she did not say yes to you having sex with her, why did you still
proceed to have sex with her?

A11: I don’t know. I was just feeling horny and wanted to have sex.

(c) Faris also stated the following observations regarding the condition of
the Complainant at the material time:

Q18: When you were having sex with [the Complainant] in the toilet, did she
look you in the eye?

A18: She wasn’t. Like I mentioned, her face was just bowed down near my
shoulder.

Q19: Was [the Complainant] vomiting when you went up to the toilet?

A19: I think she stopped vomiting already. But I saw some vomit on the side of
the bathtub.

Q20: Was [the Complainant] in a condition to walk properly or stand up
properly?

A20: I cannot remember really. But I know that she looked drunk and when she
walked towards the door, she knocked herself against the door.

Q21: If [the Complainant] still looked drunk to you, do you think it would
have been possible for [her] to have given consent to having sex with you?

A21: No.

Q22: If she could not have given consent to you, why did you still proceed to
have sex with her?

A22: I don’t know.

80 At the outset, I should mention that several areas of contention raised by
Faris had no clear bearing on the voluntariness of his 2nd Statement. They may
be summarised as follows:

(a) There was a dispute over the order in which ASP Guruswamy had made certain
phone calls in the morning of 16 October 2014 when arranging for Faris to have
his statement recorded later in the day. According to ASP Guruswamy, he had
made four calls at around 10.35am. His field book, which he said he had
updated immediately after making all the calls, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE Day 22, p 55 at lines 22-23.

showed an entry at 10.35am for Faris’ father, his mother, him, and his then
girlfriend in that order. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

See Exhibit TWT-P13.

On the other hand, Faris’ version was that ASP Guruswamy had called only him
slightly after 12pm and no one else. Faris submitted that ASP Guruswamy must
be lying as it made no sense that he was not recorded as the first person to
whom a call was made in his field book. However, ASP Guruswamy explained that
he had recorded the entry after making all the calls, and thus could not
confirm that the order in the field book was the actual sequence in which the
calls were made. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE Day 22, pp 55-56.

He also accepted that he could have called Faris first. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE Day 22, p 56 at lines 13-20.

It did not seem to me obvious that ASP Guruswamy would have known that the
sequence in which he recorded the calls would later be contested. There was
also no evidence from Faris’ mother, father, or then-girlfriend. In any event,
the relevance of this dispute was not clear. Even if Faris’ version was taken
at face value, it only meant that this entry in ASP Guruswamy’s field book was
not entirely accurate. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE Day 26, p 62 at lines 15-21.

But it did not mean that any other evidence of ASP Guruswamy was unreliable or
that Faris’ 2nd Statement was involuntary. Faris’ counsel did not elaborate
why Faris’ argument in this regard was material.

(b) There was also a dispute about the circumstances in which police officers
had picked up Faris to escort him back to the PCC for the statement to be
taken. Much of this was also irrelevant, such as whether Faris was sitting
with his then-girlfriend alone, or with a group of friends at that time. In so
far as the escorting officers had apparently made certain threatening
statements to Faris, I will consider those later separately (see [82]).

(c) According to Faris, he arrived at the PCC at around 2.00pm. However,
before his 2nd Statement was taken, DSP Burhanudeen Bin Haji Hussainar (“DSP
Burhanudeen”) brought Faris into his office and had a 4-hour long 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE Day 25, p 67 at lines 19-26.

conversation with him about the alleged offences. During this time, DSP
Burhanudeen was said to have handed Faris a dildo and asked him to demonstrate
how he had sex with the Complainant. According to Faris, ISP Tho entered the
office midway through this conversation, and when DSP Burhanudeen referred to
the dildo and asked Faris “Big enough or not?”, both the police officers
laughed. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE Day 25, p 69 at lines 26-29

DSP Burhanudeen and ISP Tho denied that this had occurred. DSP Burhanudeen
testified that he did not bring Faris into his office and had instead waited
with him at a sofa area a short distance from his office. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE Day 23, p 4.

He claimed that he was only with Faris for 25 minutes and so, while there was
a short conversation about the alleged offences, there could not have been the
extensive interview (including the use of a dildo as a prop) as Faris alleged.
This was corroborated by an entry in DSP Burhanudeen’s field book which showed
that Faris and he had arrived at the PCC at 5.50pm and that he had handed
Faris over to ASP Guruswamy at 6.15pm. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

See Exhibit TWT-P18.

In so far as Faris could give a broad description of DSP Burhanudeen’s office
layout, DSP Burhanudeen explained that there was a “huge window” in his office
and that his door was always open. Thus, Faris could have seen his office
without actually entering it. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE Day 23, p 19.

In my view, DSP Burhanudeen’s field book posed a significant obstacle to
Faris’ claims. There was no suggestion that the entry was incorrect or
fabricated. In any case, the relevance of this dispute was again questionable.
Faris’ point was merely that the use of a dildo made him feel “shy” and
“ashamed”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE Day 25, p 73 at lines 20-22.

But he did not say that this incident had caused him to give his 2nd Statement
involuntarily or to make any false allegation in the statement. Even taking
his account at face value, that did not amount to oppression sapping his will
and negating the voluntariness of the 2nd Statement.

(d) Faris testified that after his 2nd Statement was taken, he told DSP
Burhanudeen that he had no money or ez-link card to go home and DSP
Burhanudeen gave him some coins. DSP Burhanudeen testified, however, that he
had left office at around 8.32pm that evening and was at home by the time
Faris’ statement-taking ended. Again, these timings were corroborated by his
field book. In any case, Faris accepted that this incident did not have any
bearing on the 2nd Statement or its voluntariness. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Defence’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at para 70.

81 In so far as the foregoing areas of dispute were concerned, I agreed with
the Prosecution 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Prosecution’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at para 29.

that they were not material to the issue of voluntariness of Faris’ 2nd
Statement. There were, however, two contentions which warranted closer
consideration.

82 The first was Faris’ allegation that at the time the escorting officers
came to escort him to the PCC for statement recording, two statements were
made to him: (a) ASP Guruswamy told him “You can wave goodbye to your
girlfriend, you won’t see her today”, and that (b) subsequently, ASP Lee Tian
Huat (“ASP Lee”) said to him “just confess, we already have your DNA”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Defence’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at para 45.

83 In relation to ASP Guruswamy’s comment, it was not put to the officer that
he had said this to Faris when the officer was cross-examined. Accordingly, I
did not believe that the officer had made the comment in question. In any
event, even if the comment had in fact been made, I did not think it amounted
objectively to a threat, inducement, or promise having reference to the
voluntariness of any statement by Faris. Furthermore, it was not suggested
that Faris had in fact viewed this statement as a threat to him to cooperate.

84 I also disbelieved Faris’ allegation about ASP Lee. ASP Lee denied having
spoken to Faris at all. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE Day 21, p 49 at lines 13-14.

He explained that he could not have told Faris anything about his DNA tests as
he did not have sufficient information about the case, save that the
investigations were for a “gang rape which involved five male persons”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE Day 21, p 49 at lines 19-21.

Further, if he had spoken to Faris, he would have recorded it on his field
diary which did not show such a record. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE Day 21, p 52 at lines 10-20.

In my view, not much weight could be placed on the second explanation. There
could be other reasons for why there was no record of any conversation. For
example, if he had in fact made the alleged statement, he would not have been
so foolish as to record it. However, I saw some force in ASP Lee’s first
explanation. Although the statement “we already have your DNA” was not
particularly specific, it was premised on factual assumptions of which only
one who was familiar with the state of investigations would be aware. I did
not think that ASP Lee would be foolish enough to make that statement in order
to deceive Faris, when such an approach might backfire in that Faris might
then know that ASP Lee was bluffing. It was not Faris’ case that ASP Lee had a
larger role in this case than he claimed. Furthermore, Faris also did not
explain how such a statement had operated subjectively on his mind and made
him give an involuntary statement.

85 The second contention was Faris’ claim that ASP Guruswamy did not
accurately record in the 2nd Statement what Faris had told him. Instead, the
officer had allegedly consistently denied Faris’ account and recorded a
different version from what Faris had said. For example: 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Defence’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at para 58.

(a) At Question 2, Faris claimed to have said that the Complainant got out of
the bathtub on her own, and that she had unbuttoned and unzipped his pants.
However, ASP Guruswamy did not record these italicised nuances accurately in
the 2nd Statement (see [79(a)] above).

(b) At Question 5, Faris claimed to have stated that he could not sleep
properly because he had lied in his 1st Statement, but ASP Guruswamy instead
recorded that Faris “cannot [sic] sleep properly since this case started”.

(c) At Question 21, Faris claimed not to have said “no”, and had instead told
ASP Guruswamy that the girl looked high and that she had started it. ASP
Guruswamy had failed to include this in the statement.

86 I did not accept this contention for three main reasons. First, as the
Prosecution pointed out, the 2nd Statement was taken in a question-and-answer
format, and several questions flowed from the preceding answer. It would thus
not have made sense if the answers were not recorded accurately. For instance,
Questions 4 and 5 flowed as follows:

Q4: What were you scared of?

A4: I was scared to admit to my mistake.

Q5: If you were scared of admitting to your mistake, what made you decide now
to tell me the truth?

A5: I cannot sleep properly ever since this case started. When I report for
bail, I was always feeling scared as to when the truth will come out. That is
why I decided to come clean on what I did.

87 Question 5 started with “If you were scared of admitting to your mistake”,
which was the exact answer in Answer 4. But Faris claimed in examination-in-
chief that, in relation to Question 4: “I did say that I was scared. But I was
---I also told him that I was scared that the girl would tell the police a
different story.” 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE Day 24, p 8 at lines 11-12.

When pressed in cross-examination on how the reference to “mistake” could
appear in Question 5 if that had not been provided in Answer 4, Faris insisted
that he had never used the word “mistake” and that he thought that the
questions were unrelated. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NE Day 26, p 8.

88 I did not believe Faris’ explanation. Question 5 was clearly premised on
Answer 4. There was no reason for ASP Guruswamy to have framed Question 5 as
such if Answer 4 had not referred to a “mistake”. There was also no reason for
Faris not to have at least raised some queries if ASP Guruswamy had
erroneously referred to a “mistake” when that was not what Faris said.

89 Furthermore, Question 5 was not the only instance of a “follow up”
question. Question 21, for instance, started with “If [the Complainant] still
looked drunk to you, do you think…” This was a clear reference to Answer 20,
which I reproduced in full above at [79(c)] and contained a reference that “I
know that she looked drunk…” According to Faris, what he had in fact told ASP
Guruswamy was that “the girl could stand up on her own at the bathtub and got
out of the bathtub on her own. And the girl was the one who came to me and
lean against my body. That was when I fell backwards and hit the door”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NE Day 25, p 4 at lines 1-3.

If Faris’ present account was to be believed, Question 21 would have made no
sense at all. And it would not have been logically possible for Faris to
provide an answer to Question 21, even if he thought Questions 21 and 20 were
wholly distinct questions, which was itself unbelievable.

90 Secondly, Faris was not consistent in his own testimony of how ASP
Guruswamy had distorted the contents of his statement. For instance, Faris
insisted that in Answer 20, he did not use the word “drunk” and had only
described the Complainant as “high”. But Faris had already used the word
“drunk” to describe the Complainant in Answer 2: “… I saw that [the
Complainant] was drunk. …” When pressed in cross-examination to explain why he
did not say that the reference to “drunk” in Answer 2 was also erroneous when
specifically asked by his counsel in examination-in-chief as to the accuracy
of that answer, Faris explained “[b]ecause I thought I have explained that I
did not use the word ‘drunk’ to [ASP Guruswamy]. I only used the word ‘high’
to [ASP Guruswamy].” 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NE Day 26, p 19 at lines 3-4.

This was simply incredible. Faris was asked about the accuracy of Answer 2
before he was asked about Answer 20. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NE Day 24, pp 5-8; Day 25, pp 3-4.

He did not deny the accuracy of Answer 2. Yet he was certain that he did not
use “drunk” for Answer 20.

91 Thirdly, Faris’ conduct in response to ASP Guruswamy’s alleged manipulation
of his 2nd Statement contradicted his claim that such manipulation had in fact
occurred. According to Faris, even though he felt something was wrong and that
his answers were not being recorded properly, he did not raise any issues and
simply continued to answer the questions. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE Day 26, p 12.

Indeed, at the end of the recording, he had an opportunity to read the first
four or five lines of the statement and allegedly knew in fact that it was
inaccurately recorded. Yet, Faris made no protest and signed each page of the
statement dutifully. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NE Day 26, pp 12-14.

Once again, Faris said that he did not raise the issue because he had an
absolute regard for the authority of the police. For similar reasons as I have
explained above (see [66]-[68]), I did not accept this explanation. In fact,
by the time of his 2nd Statement, Faris clearly knew that the investigations
against him were for serious offences involving harsh consequences, and that
was so pressing on his mind that he had even decided to come clean and amend
his 1st Statement to admit sexual intercourse (albeit on a consensual basis)
rather than to deny intercourse entirely. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE Day 25, pp 79-80.

Against that backdrop, it was not believable that he would then have been
content to let incriminating inaccuracies in his 2nd Statement remain without
raising any concerns immediately or subsequently complaining to the police,
his parents, or his then-girlfriend.

92 Turning to the issue of procedural breaches, Faris made the following
allegations in relation to his 2nd Statement which significantly overlapped
with those he made in relation to the 1st Statement (see [71] above). Again,
it was not entirely clear whether his argument was that these breaches in
themselves negated the admissibility of his 2nd Statement, or that they, taken
together with the allegedly oppressive conduct negated such admissibility.
However, neither argument succeeded as I had rejected his account of the
allegedly oppressive acts and, in any case, I did not agree that there had
been any material procedural breach: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Defence’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at paras 59 and 65.

(a) As was the case with his 1st Statement, Faris said that he was not asked
which language he wished to give his 2nd Statement in. If he had been given a
choice, he would have indicated a preference for Malay. For reasons as I
stated above (see [76(a)]), I did not consider this a breach of s 22(3)(c) of
the CPC. As I explained, the question was not one of preference but one of
whether he could not understand English. It was Faris’ own evidence that he
could understand simple English and that if he did not understand he would
have sought clarification or an interpreter. Faris also said that he believed
ASP Guruswamy would have arranged for a Malay interpreter if he had asked for
one. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE Day 25, p 84 at lines 15-23.

In any case, it was recorded on ASP Guruswamy’s field diary that “[b]efore
recording [the 2nd Statement], [ASP Guruswamy] double checked with [Faris] if
he is comfortable in giving his statement in English and whether or not he
requires a Malay interpreter”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

See Exhibit TWT-P13; NE Day 24, p 85.

Nothing before me cast doubt on the accuracy or reliability of this entry.

(b) Faris claimed that after the statement was recorded, it was not read back
or explained to him. He was also not given a chance to read or amend his
statement, or informed that he had the option of doing so. As I explained
above (see [76(b)] above), the only statutory duty was for the statement to be
“read over” to the accused after it was taken. In the present case, there was
evidence that the statement was read over to him: (a) in the statement itself,
a handwritten paragraph close to the end stated that “The statement was read
over to me in English by [ASP Guruswamy]” and Faris’ signature was appended
both above and below this paragraph; and (b) in ASP Guruswamy’s
contemporaneous field diary it was recorded that “I read over the statement to
Faris and he also read through it and made one amendment to his statement”.
142

##### Foot Note 142

×

See Exhibit TWT-P13.

I did not think the reliability of these could be rebutted by Faris’ belated
complaints. Faris submitted that the statement could not have been read over
to him because there remained obvious mistakes such as a reference to “first
floor of the toilet” when that clearly meant the “first floor of the Room”.
143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Defence’s submissions in the ancillary hearing at para 67.

I did not think such an inference, or any other conclusion of unreliability,
could be drawn from the mere existence of typographical errors which did not
appear material.

(c) Faris also complained that he had not been expressly given an option of
not signing his statement. In my view, there is no basis for this requirement
in the CPC, or indeed in common sense.

93 For the above reasons, I concluded that Faris’ 2nd Statement was admissible
in evidence.

Ancillary Hearing in respect of Asep’s statement

94 Asep challenged the admissibility of his 2nd Statement only. This was taken
by ASP Guruswamy on 16 October 2014 from about 9.11pm to 11.15pm. Two grounds
of challenge were raised: 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

See Exhibit P205 at pp 1 and 6.

(a) that the statement was given under oppressive conditions and was therefore
not voluntary; and/or

(b) that procedural irregularities in the course of statement-taking rendered
the prejudicial effect of the statement greater than its probative value. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE Day 31, pp 23-24.

95 Asep’s 2nd Statement was recorded in the English language and contained
responses to a total of 37 questions over six pages. The material parts
included: 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

See Exhibit P205.

(a) Asep indicated that he wished to make certain amendments to his 1st
Statement (Questions 1 to 4). In his 1st Statement, he had denied having any
sexual activity with the Complainant. In this 2nd Statement, he admitted that,
after Faris left the bathroom, he went into the bathroom and received fellatio
from the Complainant, as well as attempted to have penile-vaginal intercourse
with her. However, in his 2nd Statement, his portrayal of the facts suggested
that the Complainant was able to give consent and had in fact given consent to
the sexual acts.

(b) Asep also made observations as to the condition of the Complainant at and
around the time of the alleged offences:

Q10: The first time you went inside the toilet before Faris returned to the
hotel, which part of the toilet was [the Complainant] in?

A10: She was in the bathtub.

Q11: What was she doing?

A11: She was at the bathtub vomiting and there was vomit all over the bathtub.

Q12: How would you describe her condition?

A12: She was drunk and she seemed to be sleepy state.

Q13: When Faris went into the toilet subsequently, do you think [the
Complainant] was in a state to have sex with anyone or have given consent to
have sex?

A13: I don’t think so.

Q14: Can you explain your reasons on why you don’t think [the Complainant] was
in a state where she could have had sex or could not have given consent to
sex?

A14: It is because when I saw her earlier in the toilet, she was drunk and she
seemed tired.

Q15: Do you think she was in a state to have had sex or given consent to you
when you went inside the toilet after Faris?

A15: Yes I think so.

…

Q32: You mentioned in your first statement in your answer to question 10 that
the last time you saw [the Complainant], she was very drunk in the bathtub and
she was vomiting. Is this correct?

A32: Yes it is correct.

Q33: If she was very drunk in the bathtub and she was vomiting the last time
you saw her, could she have consented to have sucked your dick?

A33: Yes she could have.

96 Asep’s argument concerning oppression was founded on his account of four
sets of events, all on the day of 16 October 2014, which may broadly be
summarised as follows: 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NE Day 31, p 25 at lines 5-16.

(a) The Call Allegation: Asep alleged that at about 6pm, he received a call
from ASP Guruswamy who informed him that his case was closed and that he was
required to sign some documents. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE Day 29, p 3 at lines 4-11.

ASP Guruswamy then informed Asep that he would be coming down to Asep’s
residence. Fifteen minutes later, Asep went to the void deck below his
residence. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NE Day 29, p 3 at lines 8-15.

Asep alleged that he then received a call from an unknown number, later
ascertained to belong to ASP Lee, directing him to walk to the car park. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE Day 29, p 3 at lines 16-23.

He expected to meet ASP Guruswamy but was surprised when he was instead met by
three unknown police officers – ASP Lee, Inspector Thinagaran Krishnasamy
(“Insp Thinagaran”) and Senior Staff Sergeant Lim Kar Wui (“SSS Lim”). 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE Day 31, p 26 at lines 27-29.

(b) The Assault and Threat Allegations: In the car, Insp Thinagaran was seated
in the front passenger seat, ASP Lee was seated in the right rear passenger
seat, and Asep was seated in the left rear passenger seat. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

NE Day 29, p 4 at lines 3-4.

Asep alleged that on the way to the PCC, ASP Lee asked him to tell him the
truth about the case. ASP Lee then hit him on the chest with his left elbow.
ASP Lee also allegedly told him “Your case is very small. [ASP Guruswamy]
handles kidnappers and murderers. You think you want to lie to me? No point
lying to me.” 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NE Day 29, p 4 at lines 5-10.

(c) The Pre-Interview Allegation: On arriving at the PCC, Asep was put into a
room with DSP Burhanudeen. Asep alleged that he was alone with DSP
Burhanudeen, who then took out a dildo and threw it on top of the table. DSP
Burhanudeen then asked Asep to “demonstrate how [Asep] had sex with the girl”
before demonstrating a “doggy position” with the dildo. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NE Day 29, p 4 at lines 12-16.

Asep told him what had transpired between him and the Complainant while they
were in the bathroom. At this point, ASP Chris Lee opened the door and
informed, “Sir, the special room is ready” to which DSP Burhanudeen replied,
“It’s okay, Asep is ready to tell the truth. Get ASP Guruswamy to take down
his statement”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NE Day 29, p 4 at lines 18-27.

(d) The Interview Allegation: After being brought out of DSP Burhanudeen’s
office, Asep alleged that he saw Insp Thinagaran and ASP Lee showing each
other videos on their phones. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NE Day 29, p 5 at lines 6-7.

He was then brought to ASP Guruswamy’s cubicle for the recording of his
statement. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NE Day 29, p 5 at lines 9-10.

During the recording, ASP Guruswamy asked Asep leading questions in an
aggressive manner which made him so fearful that he could only agree with ASP
Guruswamy’s suggestions. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NE Day 31, p 15 at lines 16-17.

97 The Prosecution’s case was, in essence, that Asep’s allegations were
fabrications and that, in any event, there was objectively no oppression.

98 In my view, there was no oppression in relation to Asep’s 2nd Statement as
the Assault and Threat Allegations were fabricated by Asep. As for the other
allegations, I did not believe them and/or they would not have constituted
oppressive conduct as envisioned in s 258 of the CPC such as to make Asep’s
statement inadmissible.

99 In relation to the Assault and Threat Allegations, ASP Lee’s evidence was
that on 16 October 2014 at about 6pm, together with SSS Lim and Insp
Thinagaran, he picked Asep up at the car park in front of Asep’s residence at
about 6.53pm before travelling back to the PCC. During the journey, the police
officers chatted amongst themselves and none of them engaged Asep in
conversation. ASP Lee did not use his left elbow to hit Asep on the chest or
utter any threat. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NE Day 27, p 66 at lines 26-28.

Upon reaching the PCC, Asep was escorted to DSP Burhanudeen’s office at about
7.53pm. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE Day 27, p 73 at lines 8-11.

ASP Lee’s evidence on the timeline of events was supported by
contemporaneously recorded entries in his field book. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NE Day 27, pp 72-74.

SSS Lim and Insp Thinagaran also corroborated ASP Lee’s account, testifying
that they did not see ASP Lee elbow Asep or hear any sound from the blow. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NE Day 28, p 7 at lines 13-15; Day 28, p 16 at lines 24-27.

They further testified that they did not hear ASP Lee uttering the alleged
threatening words to Asep. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NE Day 27, pp 66-67; Day 28, pp 6-8, pp 16-17.

100 Weighing the evidence of Asep against that of the Prosecution’s witnesses,
I was of the view that the Assault and Threat Allegations were a self-serving
fabrication by Asep for four main reasons.

(a) First, Asep urged me not to accept ASP Lee’s account as ASP Lee was
allegedly “agitated” when questioned on these allegations in cross-examination
and was also folding his arms tightly and “turning red”. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NE Day 31, p 26 at lines 18-20.

This was said to indicate a “guilty mind” on ASP Lee’s part. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NE Day 31, p 26.

I did not agree that there was any conduct or demeanour on ASP Lee’s part in
court that was out of the ordinary or suggestive of guilt.

(b) Second, it was also argued that Asep had nothing to gain by claiming that
he was assaulted by ASP Lee. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NE Day 31, p 26 at lines 23-24.

I disagreed. Asep’s statement was incriminating and its rejection would have
dealt a blow to the Prosecution’s case.

(c) Third, I was urged to accept that the testimony of Asep’s fiancée, Ms
Nurul Syafiqah Binte Sahlan (“Nurul”), corroborated Asep’s account. Asep
produced phone records of a call he made to Nurul at 11.23pm on 16 October
2014, a short time after he had given his 2nd Statement. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NE Day 30, p 56 at lines 2-11.

Nurul’s evidence was that Asep had told her about the alleged police
misconduct in this phone call. According to her, Asep was crying and
contemplating suicide because the police did not believe him, but she was able
to convince him not to do so. Nurul further testified that she met with Asep
the next day where he detailed some of the abuses he suffered at the hands of
the police, including how he had been elbowed in the chest. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

NE Day 30, pp 62-63, p 74 at lines 3-9.

However, I did not place much weight on the evidence of Nurul, given the
following factors:

(i) One, Nurul was not an entirely independent witness as she was Asep’s
fiancée.

(ii) Two, when confronted by the Prosecution with phone logs showing that her
call with Asep had lasted only ten minutes, Nurul said that she was busy at
that time and had to instead resort to texting Asep. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE Day 30, p 75 at lines 4-20.

However, she was unable to provide any explanation as to what had cropped up
to stop the conversation. I found it hard to believe that, being on the phone
with her boyfriend who had just told her that he was contemplating suicide,
something so urgent came up that it required her to cut their conversation
short. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE Day 30, p 75 at lines 16-27.

Furthermore, Nurul also did not elaborate on why she did not call Asep back
but instead had to text him. Even then, no text messages were produced to
establish that Nurul and Asep did in fact have such a text conversation.

(iii) Three, Asep’s testimony also differed from Nurul’s in material aspects.
171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE Day 31, pp 20-22.

Asep testified that Nurul was on the phone throughout his journey home, 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE Day 29, p 20.

while Nurul said that the call lasted only ten minutes. Asep also testified
that he had told Nurul “everything” about the improper recording of the
statement, 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NE Day 30, p 41.

while Nurul stated that he had only complained that the police “didn’t want to
believe him”. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

NE Day 30, p 83 at lines 19-25.

These material discrepancies cast further doubt on both Asep’s and Nurul’s
accounts.

(d) Fourth, I also found it implausible that, having suffered such egregious
abuse at the hands of the police, Asep did not see it fit to inform anyone
else apart from Nurul or make a complaint until, belatedly, the time for his
challenge of the admissibility of his 2nd Statement. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NE Day 29, p 36 at lines 10-11.

While Asep said that he had informed his mother about the alleged assault, he
notably did not elect to call her as a witness. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

NE Day 29, p 35 at lines 1-4.

101 I now address the remaining allegations:

(a) First, with regard to the Call Allegation, I did not see how even if Asep
was surprised to have been picked up by three “unknown police officers”, or
that he was initially told that his case was “closed” before later being asked
to record a further statement, could be considered oppression capable of
sapping his will. While Asep was insinuating that these events affected him,
he did not actually say that they rendered his statement involuntary. Neither
did Asep elaborate as to why this sapped his will.

(b) Second, with regard to the Pre-Interview Allegation, I did not believe
Asep’s account. DSP Burhanudeen testified that he interviewed Asep in his
office between 7.53pm and 8.20pm and that the door to his office was open at
all times. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

NE Day 28, p 36 at lines 11-13.

During this interview, Asep recounted that the Complainant had performed oral
sex on him consensually and did not discuss any other details. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

NE Day 28, p 38 at lines 8-11.

DSP Burhanudeen denied that he had utilised a dildo at any point during the
interview. DSP Burhanudeen and ASP Lee also testified that the latter did not
interrupt the interview to inform the former that the “special room” was
ready. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

NE Day 27, p 70.

Further, it was not put to ASP Lee and Insp Thinagaran that the Pre-Interview
Allegation was true even though they were both in a position to have heard or
seen the alleged acts, having both testified that the door to DSP
Burhanudeen’s office was open at all times and that they were seated outside
the office during the interview. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

NE Day 27, p 72; Day 28, p 18.

In any case, I failed to see how DSP Burhanudeen’s alleged use of the dildo,
or ASP Lee’s supposed vague references to a “special room”, had sapped Asep’s
will with regard to his 2nd Statement which was recorded by ASP Guruswamy
without either of them being present. Again, Asep did not actually say that
this incident had sapped his will. Nor did he elaborate as to why it had
rendered his statement involuntary.

(c) Finally, with regard to the Interview Allegation, the only allegation made
against ASP Guruswamy was that he had asked Asep leading questions in an
aggressive manner. ASP Guruswamy denied this allegation, which was short on
elaboration. Hence, I did not believe the Interview Allegation.

102 Asep also alleged the following procedural irregularities in the recording
of his 2nd Statement:

(a) ASP Guruswamy did not read over the statement to him as is required by s
22 of the CPC. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

NE Day 31, pp 23-24.

(b) ASP Guruswamy did not get Asep to countersign against a handwritten
amendment made to the written statement. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

NE Day 28, p 66 at lines 2-5.

(c) ASP Guruswamy had added the handwritten paragraph at the end of the 2nd
Statement, which acknowledged that the statement was accurately recorded
without any threat, inducement or promise, at a later date as it was not
present at the time when Asep signed the statement. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

NE Day 30, pp 44-45.

(d) ASP Guruswamy did not allow Asep to make amendments to his statement but
had rather fabricated portions of his statement and pressured him to sign it.
184

##### Foot Note 184

×

NE Day 30, pp 38-40.

103 So far as Asep’s allegations of procedural irregularities were concerned,
I was of the view that they were either untrue and/or they did not render the
prejudicial effect of the statements greater than its probative value. I have
reproduced s 22 of the CPC, pursuant to which Asep’s 2nd Statement was taken,
at [72] above.

104 First, I found that ASP Guruswamy had complied with the requirement in s
22(3)(b) of the CPC for him to read over the statement to Asep. Asep alleged
that ASP Guruswamy had only allowed him to read the statement himself, but did
not read the statement over to him. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

NE Day 29, p 5 at lines 29-30.

On the other hand, ASP Guruswamy gave evidence that after the statement
recording was completed at around 11.06pm on 16 October 2014, he read the
statement over to Asep and thereafter handed it to Asep for him to read it
himself. Asep finished reading the statement at 11.15pm and signed it. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

NE Day 28, pp 79-82.

During cross-examination, much was made of the fact that it would have been
impossible for ASP Guruswamy to read over the six-page statement to Asep, and
then allow Asep to read the statement for himself, all within nine minutes.
187

##### Foot Note 187

×

NE Day 28, pp 80-81.

In my view, this was speculative. Counsel for Asep could have asked ASP
Guruswamy to read over the statement to demonstrate the time needed to do so
and to buttress her case of impossibility, but she did not do so. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

NE Day 31, p 36 at lines 17-18.

In any event, there was evidence that ASP Guruswamy had made amendments to the
statement at Asep’s request. This must have been done either during the
reading over of the statement or when Asep read the statement for himself. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

NE Day 28, p 82 at lines 20-30.

105 Second, while ASP Guruswamy omitted to get Asep to countersign against an
amendment to Answer 2 of the statement, this irregularity did not have the
effect of making the statement’s prejudicial effect outweigh its probative
value.

(a) There is no express provision in the CPC requiring an accused person to
countersign against every amendment although this would be the sensible
approach to take.

(b) In any event, as I stated above at [75], a statement’s prejudicial effect
would exceed its probative value where there were genuine concerns as to its
reliability. Statements taken in deliberate or reckless non-compliance of
procedural requirements without a reasonable explanation would fall within
this category and be excluded (see Kadar at [61]-[62]). However, this was not
the case here. The only procedural irregularity pertained to the fact that
Asep had not countersigned against an amendment which he did not disavow.
Further, the amended answer, that the Complainant “held [Asep’s] dick and put
[sic] in her mouth”, appeared favourable to Asep as it implied that the
Complainant had consensually performed fellatio on Asep, while the original
answer, that Asep “put [his] dick into [the complainant’s] mouth”, suggested
that he could have done so against the Complainant’s will. In any case, Asep
did not suggest that the amended answer was less favourable to him. ASP
Guruswamy conceded that the omission to get Asep to countersign against the
amendment was an oversight on his part. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

NE Day 28, p 66 at lines 2-6.

In my view, ASP Guruswamy’s explanation was credible, and the oversight
certainly did not amount to a “blatant disregard of the procedure” such as to
warrant an exclusion of the statement. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

NE Day 31, p 35 at lines 21-29.

106 Third, I did not accept Asep’s evidence that the handwritten paragraph at
the end of the statement was only added by ASP Guruswamy at a later date. A
perusal of Asep’s statement shows that he had signed twice on the final page
of the statement, once after his answer to the final question posed to him and
before the handwritten paragraph, and once again at the bottom of the
handwritten paragraph. If Asep’s version is to believed, this would mean that
when ASP Guruswamy had asked Asep to sign twice on the final page, there was a
significant gap between the signatures in which ASP Guruswamy would later fill
with the handwritten paragraph. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NE Day 29, p 19 at lines 14-29.

This seemed unlikely. More importantly, this allegation was not put to ASP
Guruswamy during cross-examination and it only arose subsequently during
Asep’s examination-in-chief. In any event, the handwritten paragraph stated
that the statement was recorded accurately without any threat, inducement or
promise. Even if it was inserted belatedly, it had no material bearing on the
issue of the voluntariness of Asep’s 2nd Statement if the statement was
otherwise voluntarily given.

107 Fourth, I was not persuaded by Asep’s argument that ASP Guruswamy had
refused to make amendments to Asep’s statement and fabricated certain portions
of his answers. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NE Day 28, pp 62-83.

Asep attempted to show that the answers were not his as he could not possibly
have used certain phrases such as “contrary to what I had said”, “prior to
this”, and “held”. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

NE Day 28, pp 63-64.

ASP Guruswamy’s testimony was to the contrary. It seemed to me illogical for
ASP Guruswamy to have volunteered apparently exculpatory answers on behalf of
Asep (see [105(b)] above) if his goal was, as Asep suggested, to incriminate
Asep. Further, this was a belated allegation on Asep’s part. Even Nurul, the
only person Asep had allegedly informed about the police misconduct, did not
know about this. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

NE Day 30, p 83.

It also became clear in the course of the ancillary hearing that Asep
possessed a reasonable grasp of the English language and could have used the
phrases which he sought to deny. Accordingly, I disbelieved Asep’s account
that ASP Guruswamy had fabricated parts of his 2nd Statement.

108 Finally, I should mention that Asep had wavered as to whether he ought to
challenge the admissibility of this statement. He raised the challenge in his
amended Case for the Defence served on 22 April 2016. However, midway through
the trial on 11 September 2017, Asep indicated that he would no longer be
mounting the challenge. He later resiled from this position and once again
challenged the admissibility of the statement on 26 September 2017. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

NE Day 31, pp 7-9.

There was no explanation provided by him as to these changes in position. In
my view, this negatively affected his credibility. Indeed, if it were true, as
he claimed, that the police misconduct was so egregious that he had intended
to commit suicide after giving his 2nd Statement, there would be no
conceivable reason as to why he would waver about a challenge to the
admissibility of his statement.

109 For the foregoing reasons, I held that Asep’s 2nd Statement was admissible
in evidence.

My decision on the charges

The applicable law

110 Before I turn to the charges proper, I deal first with the law on three
areas which arise in relation to several of the charges that will be
discussed: (a) the standard of scrutiny of the Complainant’s evidence, (b) the
definition of and the principles assisting the determination of consent, and
(c) the defence of mistake of fact.

Standard of scrutiny

111 In all criminal cases, the burden lies on the Prosecution to prove the
elements of the charge beyond a reasonable doubt. In particular, in cases
where a conviction turns solely on the bare words of the complainant, the
complainant’s testimony must be weighed against that of the accused, and the
court should not convict unless it finds on a close scrutiny that the evidence
of the complainant is unusually convincing. As the Court of Appeal explained
in AOF v Public Prosecutor [2012] 3 SLR 34 (“AOF”) at [111]:

It is well-established that in a case where no other evidence is available, a
complainant’s testimony can constitute proof beyond reasonable doubt… but only
when it is so ‘unusually convincing’ as to overcome any doubts that might
arise from the lack of corroboration…

[emphasis added]

112 The “unusually convincing” standard is a cognitive aid and does not change
the ultimate standard of proof required of the Prosecution (XP v Public
Prosecutor [2008] 4 SLR(R) 686 at [31]; Haliffie bin Mamat v Public Prosecutor
and other appeals [2016] 5 SLR 636 at [29]). If the complainant’s evidence is
not unusually convincing, a conviction based solely on his or her bare words
would be unsafe unless there is adequate corroboration of his or her testimony
(AOF at [173]).

113 The preliminary question in this case, however, is whether the unusually
convincing standard even applies. I note the assumption shared by the parties
that the standard applies to all of the charges in contention. Perhaps it was
thought that this standard would apply to all sexual offences where there is
an allegation and a denial to be weighed. But the question of applicability of
this standard is, in my view, more nuanced, and regard must be had to the
reason for the development of the standard in the first place: to ensure that
a conviction can safely be sustained solely on the testimony of the
complainant because no other evidence is available.

114 Bearing this in mind, I am of the view that the unusually convincing
standard does not apply to any of the charges in the present case.

115 In relation to the alleged offences in the bathroom on the second floor,
the standard does not apply because there is other evidence available, which
indeed is relatively extensive. This includes the expert opinions, the
testimonies of the other witnesses present at the party, and the prior
statements of the accused persons to the police. This is, therefore, not a
case where there is no other evidence and the court must simply weigh the
Complainant’s word against the accused’s.

116 In relation to the charges concerning the alleged offences in the living
room, the unusually convincing standard is also not engaged. Although unlike
the charges relating to the offences in the bathroom, the Prosecution’s case
here involves reliance at least in part on the Complainant’s testimony as to
the events that transpired in the living room, it remains inappropriate to
apply the unusually convincing standard given that there is evidence in other
forms, apart from the complainant’s testimony, that is relevant to the charge,
including, again, the expert opinions, the other witnesses’ testimonies, and
the police statements of the accused persons.

117 In any event, the burden of proof remains indisputably on the Prosecution
to establish each element of the charge beyond a reasonable doubt. In that
light, whether the standard applies or not as a cognitive aid, it remains
incumbent on the court to carefully examine all the evidence placed before it
and determine if that legal standard of proof has been satisfied.

Consent

118 Turning more specifically to the question of consent, the material
provision is s 90(b) of the PC, which provides as follows:

Consent given under fear or misconception, by person of unsound mind, etc.,
and by child

90\. A consent is not such a consent as is intended by any section of this
Code —

…

(b) if the consent is given by a person who, from unsoundness of mind, mental
incapacity, intoxication, or the influence of any drug or other substance, is
unable to understand the nature and consequence of that to which he gives his
consent; or

…

119 As can be seen, the statute defines consent in the negative: intoxication
can negate consent if the person is “unable to understand the nature and
consequence to which he gives his consent”. In Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor
[2017] 2 SLR 1015 (“Pram Nair”) at [96], the Court of Appeal laid down the
following principles on the construction and application of s 90(b):

We would identify the following as the relevant general principles:

(a) Under s 90(b), a person who is unable to understand the nature and
consequence of that to which that person has allegedly given his consent has
no capacity to consent.

(b) The fact that a complainant has drunk a substantial amount of alcohol,
appears disinhibited, or behaves differently than usual, does not indicate
lack of capacity to consent. Consent to sexual activity, even when made while
intoxicated, is still consent as long as there is a voluntary and conscious
acceptance of what is being done.

(c) A complainant who is unconscious obviously has no capacity to consent. But
a complainant may have crossed the line into incapacity well before becoming
unconscious, and whether that is the case is evidently a fact-sensitive
inquiry.

(d) Capacity to consent requires the capacity to make decisions or choices. A
person, though having limited awareness of what is happening, may have such
impaired understanding or knowledge as to lack the ability to make any
decisions, much less the particular decision whether to have sexual
intercourse or engage in any sexual act.

(e) In our view, expert evidence – such as that showing the complainant’s
blood alcohol level – may assist the court in determining whether the
complainant had the capacity to consent.

120 A landmark decision on the issue of consent in sexual offences is Ong
Mingwee v Public Prosecutor [2013] 1 SLR 1217 (“Ong Mingwee”). Here, one
important issue was whether the victim was so intoxicated that she could not
have given her consent for sexual intercourse with the accused. The High Court
analysed the surrounding circumstances and found that the victim was able to
provide such consent even though she was intoxicated at the material time.
Relevant facts included her “deliberate and considered” decision to enter a
taxi with the accused outside the club prior to the alleged offence (at [28]),
and the passage of time between her consumption of alcohol and the alleged
offence which meant that she “would have started to sober up” (at [28]).

Defence of mistake of fact

121 Section 79 of the PC provides for the general exception of defence as to
mistake of fact, and it provides as follows (omitting the illustrations):

Act done by a person justified, or by mistake of fact believing himself
justified by law

79\. Nothing is an offence which is done by any person who is justified by
law, or who by reason of a mistake of fact and not by reason of a mistake of
law in good faith believes himself to be justified by law, in doing it.

122 To establish this defence, the accused person bears the burden of showing,
on a balance of probabilities, that “by reason of a mistake of fact… in good
faith” he believed himself to be justified by law to engage in the relevant
sexual activity with the complainant (see Public Prosecutor v Teo Eng Chan and
others [1987] SLR(R) 567 at [26]; Pram Nair at [110]). This provision is
supplemented by the following:

(a) In the present case, the justification by law refers to the consent of the
Complainant to engage in that sexual activity with the relevant accused.

(b) The concept of “good faith” is defined in s 52 of the PC in a negative
formulation:

Nothing is said to be done or believed in good faith which is done or believed
without due care and attention.

(c) Under s 26 of the PC, a person has “reason to believe” a thing “if he has
sufficient cause to believe that thing, but not otherwise”.

123 Therefore, for the defence of mistake of fact as to consent to succeed, it
appears that the Defence must show on a balance of probabilities that: 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Faris’ closing submissions at para 20.

(a) there was sufficient cause for the relevant accused person to believe that
the Complainant consented;

(b) the accused had exercised due care and attention; and

(c) the accused’s belief was in good faith.

124 It may be that these are overlapping inquiries, but it appears that they
are nevertheless conceptually distinct requirements in law.

125 With these in mind, I turn to address the charges in the chronological
order in which the offences are alleged to have occurred.

4th Charge – Faris, bathroom, penile-vaginal penetration

126 I start first with the 4th Charge under s 375(1)(a) of the PC, which is
that against Faris for rape (ie, penile-vaginal penetration) of the
Complainant in the bathroom on the second floor of the Room sometime in the
morning of 26 January 2014 (see [3(a)] above). The relevant provision reads as
follows:

Rape

375.—(1) Any man who penetrates the vagina of a woman with his penis —

(a) without her consent; or

(b) with or without her consent, when she is under 14 years of age,

shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) Subject to subsection (3), a man who is guilty of an offence under this
section shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 20
years, and shall also be liable to fine or to caning.

127 In essence, the Prosecution’s case was that the Complainant was severely
intoxicated at the material time and therefore could not have, and did not in
fact, consent to sexual intercourse with Faris.

128 Faris did not dispute that sexual intercourse had occurred in the
bathroom, but his evidence was that the Complainant had actively initiated and
participated in the sexual activity with him. His evidence in court is
summarised below at [154]. The defence was that the Complainant was at the
material time of the alleged offences merely suffering from anterograde
amnesia (also referred to as a “blackout”), wherein she lost her ability to
record memories of events but did not lose consciousness or the ability to
consent. Therefore, even though she could not remember as such, the
Complainant had in fact consented to sexual intercourse and/or had conducted
herself in a manner that led Faris to believe that she had consented to sexual
intercourse. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Faris’ closing submissions at para 8.

A comprehensive definition of anterograde amnesia, which is consistent with
the undisputed explanation of the condition by Dr Guo in the present case, 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

See Exhibit P181.

was set out in the following terms in Public Prosecutor v Azuar Bin Ahamad
[2014] SGHC 149:

[15] Anterograde amnesia is a state in which a person is unable to form new
memories. Events are not recorded to memory, and a person in this state will
have no recollection of anything that happens to her. She may even engage in
activity and have no idea afterwards that she had done anything at all. …

…

[17] It must be highlighted that a person under these effects is not
necessarily unconscious. There is a spectrum of sedation that stretches from
minimal sedation to general anaesthesia. Anterograde amnesia can be induced at
the stage of conscious sedation (or moderate sedation). In that stage, the
person retains a purposeful response to verbal or tactile simulation, and yet
has no recollection of those conscious responses made. …

129 Accordingly, the main issues in dispute are (a) whether the Complainant
had the capacity to consent to sexual intercourse at the material time; (b) if
so, whether she in fact consented to such intercourse; and (c) whether Faris
could rely on the defence of mistake of fact.

Consent

(1) Expert opinions

130 I begin by considering the expert evidence.

131 The Prosecution’s expert was Dr Guo, who was the Senior Consultant
Psychiatrist and Head of Research in the Department of Addiction Medicine at
the IMH and had been working with IMH’s Department of Addiction Medicine for
more than 13 years. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

See Exhibit P180 at p 1; NE Day 14, p 4 at lines 14-31.

He had also specialised in the area of addiction medicine for more than 20
years. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

NE Day 14, p 4 at lines 14-31.

. As I mentioned, he produced two written reports and supplemented them by
oral testimony in court. In his 1st Report, he stated as follows, amongst
other things:

(a) In relation to the Complainant’s blood alcohol concentration (“BAC”)
levels on the morning of 26 January 2014:

(i) The Complainant’s BAC level immediately after alcohol consumption, given
approximations of the amount of alcohol she had consumed, the premise that she
was consuming alcohol on an empty stomach in a relatively short period, and
that she had no history of tolerance to its effects, was as follows: 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

See Exhibit P180 at para 26.

BAC = (alcohol consumption by weight) / [body weight x 54%]

= (60ml x 3 x 40%) / (53kg x 54%)

= 251.6mg%

(ii) Given her gender and weight as at 28 January 2014, and the average
alcohol clearance rate of 120mg/kg/hr, the Complainant’s hourly reduction of
BAC was estimated using the following formula: 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

See Exhibit P180 at para 25.

BAC clearance per hour = (120mg/kg/hr x bodyweight) / (bodyweight x 54%)

= (120mg/kg/hr x 53kg) / (53kg x 54%)

= 22mg% per hour

(iii) On the basis that the Complainant would take 30 minutes to reach her
peak BAC level, her peak BAC level would be: 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

See Exhibit P180 at para 27.

251.6mg% - 22mg% = 229.657mg%

(iv) Based on this, Dr Guo calculated the Complainant’s BAC levels at
different hourly intervals to be as follows: 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

See Exhibit P180 at para 28, read with Exhibit P180A at p 1.

Time (on 26 January 2014)| BAC (mg%)  
---|---  
At 1am | 229.57  
At 2am| 207.57  
At 3am| 185.57  
At 4am | 163.57  
At 5am| 141.57  
At 6am| 119.57  
At 7am| 97.57  
At 8am| 75.57  
At 9am| 53.57  
At 10am| 31.57  
  
(b) Dr Guo also arrived at the following conclusions regarding the
Complainant’s mental state based on his calculations of her estimated BAC
levels as well as her account of events:

(i) The Complainant could have been in the disinhibition phase when her BAC
levels were increasing during the early phase of alcohol intoxication (ie,
between 1am and 2am on 26 January 2014). This would have contributed to her
“euphoria, impaired judgment and feelings of confidence and assertiveness,
talkativeness as well as increased risk-taking behaviour with strangers”. She
could also have been experiencing impaired motor functions which could have
resulted in unsteadiness in gait. It was also possible that the Complainant
experienced a “blackout” when she was at the peak of her intoxication with her
BAC levels between 229.57mg% and 185.57mg% (ie, between 1am and 2am on 26
January 2014). 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

See Exhibit P180 at para 31, read with Exhibit P180A.

According to Dr Guo, it was possible that the Complainant could have consented
to sex under the euphoric and disinhibiting effects of alcohol during this
period. It was also likely that she might have had very poor memory of her
actions due to a “blackout” during this period that possibly resulted from her
BAC levels increasing rapidly. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

See Exhibit P180 at p 9.

(ii) Between 3am and 5am, the Complainant would still have been intoxicated
with alcohol and was likely to have been in a state of heavy sedation, despite
her BAC levels dropping continuously (from 185.57mg% to 119.57mg%). 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

See Exhibit P180 at para 34, read with Exhibit P180A.

At this stage, it was unlikely that the Complainant could have consented to
sex as she would have been in a heavily sedated state due to her intoxication.
209

##### Foot Note 209

×

See Exhibit P180 at p 9.

(iii) Between 6am and 9am on 26 January 2014, the Complainant would have been
in the early recovery stage from her alcohol intoxication and “it is possible
that the effects of intoxication should have been gradually wearing off at
this period of time”. She might be partially aware of her actions and
surroundings. Nevertheless, it was also a possibility that “the sedative
effects of alcohol influenc[ed] her thoughts and behaviour and contribut[ed]
to poor judgment of her actions”. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

See Exhibit P180 at p 9.

132 In Dr Guo’s 2nd Report, he responded to certain questions raised in
relation specifically to anterograde amnesia. Of relevance is his answer in
response to a question on the effect of alcohol intoxication on memory:

People in alcohol induced en-bloc amnesia (blackout) would experience
anterograde amnesia in which they would not be able to remember what they have
done after the start of the blackout though they can perform complex actions
as per normal during the episode of blackout. However, people in alcohol
induced fragmentary blackout would be able to remember a part of the
activities they have performed during the blackout.

133 In court, Dr Guo elaborated on his reports and the general stages of the
effects of intoxication on an individual. In relation to the alleged offences
committed in the bathroom, Dr Guo maintained that the Complainant was in a
state of “heavy sedation” at that time, and that it would have been impossible
for her to:

(a) take another’s penis and put it in her own mouth, 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

NE Day 16, p 48 at lines 20-23.

(b) kneel on the floor, 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

NE Day 16, p 48 at lines 25-27.

(c) lick or suck another’s penis consciously, 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

NE Day 16, p 48 at lines 28-32, p 49 at line 1.

(d) maintain a doggy position (ie, with the female standing in front facing
forward, and male standing right behind her), 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

NE Day 16, p 50 at lines 3-6.

or

(e) stand with one leg up on the edge of a bathtub and the other on the floor.
215

##### Foot Note 215

×

NE Day 15, p 17 at lines 14-31; Day 16, p 50 at lines 7-10.

134 In Dr Guo’s view, a sedated person would be unable to perform all these
actions as they required fine coordination and strength of the muscles. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NE Day 15, p 17 at lines 14-30, p 18.

135 Dr Winslow was the Defence’s expert. At the time of trial, he was a Senior
Consultant Psychiatrist with Winslow Clinic, and an Adjunct Associate
Professor with the Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine at the National University
of Singapore. The relevant parts of Dr Winslow’s report stated as follows:

How Dr. Guo concluded that the average proportion of body water available for
alcohol distribution is 54% for females?

4\. This is the commonly accepted average proportion of body water available
for alcohol distribution in females held by medical professionals.

Why alcohol clearance rate is 120mg/kg/hr?

5\. The most commonly accepted rates of blood alcohol metabolization (alcohol
clearance) are 0.015% for novice drinkers (15mg per hour), 0.018% for social
drinkers (18mg per hour), 0.02% for regular or frequent drinkers (20mg per
hour), and o.025% for heavy drinkers or alcoholics (25mg per hour) (Miller,
2010 pp170). I believe that the estimates in Dr. Guo Song’s report are valid.

Whether this clearance rate is linear, if not, what models or systems are
there to demonstrate that it is not?

6\. It is widely accepted that the clearance rate is linear. It is possible
for this rate to be affected by factors such as interfering substances, food
and liver disturbances/abnormalities.

Would this clearance rate be affected by the victim throwing up? When she
throws up, does that mean she’s throwing up some of the consumed alcohol, and
therefore the effect of alcohol intoxication would be less pronounced?

7\. If a person vomits, it is possible that all of the alcohol ingested is not
absorbed into the body. This is the body’s mechanism to protect itself against
alcohol poisoning.

What was the victim’s likely rate of increase of BAC until it peaked?

8\. An individual’s rate of increase in BAC until peak is difficult to know
and can only be based on estimates. The victim’s peak BAC has already been
calculated in Dr. Guo Song’s medical report and appears to be accurate.

Would a rapid rise in the victim’s BAC more likely cause her to suffer a
blackout?

9\. Impaired consciousness (‘blackout’) can occur from blood alcohol
concentration of 0.25-0.4 grams/100mL and above (Dubowski, 1997), independent
of the rate of consumption.

From the victim’s account of her past alcohol consumption and blackout at her
18th birthday, would it be likely that she also suffered a blackout on 26
January 2014?

10\. The likelihood of blackout is based on the level of blood alcohol
concentration. As mentioned, impaired consciousness can occur from blood
alcohol concentration of 0.25-0.4 grams/100mL and above. In addition, if an
individual has a history of blackouts, they may be more likely to have a
blackout in future with similar drinking patterns.

What are the physical symptoms of intoxication and whether such symptoms vary
according to level of intoxication?

11\. Clinical signs and symptoms of alcohol intoxication based on level of
intoxication can be found in Table 1, [Annex] A.

When a person is faced with events she cannot understand is it natural for her
to create memories of what happened (i.e. confabulations)?

12\. At certain levels where memory is fragmentary, it is possible for people
to confabulate or make up for the gaps in memory with events that may or may
not be true.

136 In court, Dr Winslow made the following observations regarding the
Complainant’s condition:

(a) Dr Winslow stated that the Complainant’s behaviour before the Group had
left the Room for Zouk was consistent with her being in a state of alcohol-
induced anterograde amnesia. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 40 at lines 22-32.

Dr Winslow also stated that the Complainant was probably in the pre-stuporous
stages where her BAC level was rising, and she was probably functioning at a
very high BAC level at this point in time. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 41 at line 1.

(b) The Complainant would have been sedated to the point of unconsciousness
when Elmi first returned to the Room to retrieve Izzati’s IC (see [12] above).
This conclusion was based on Elmi's testimony that he saw the Complainant
passed out on the floor and was unresponsive despite being tapped on her arms
and having her name called. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 41 at lines 24-26.

(c) Dr Winslow thought that it was quite possible for the Complainant to have
been sedated or sleepy between 3am to 6am on 26 January 2014, not purely due
to alcohol intoxication but as a result of inadequate rest over the preceding
24 hours. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 20 at lines 20-26.

Dr Winslow testified that the word “sedation” meant a state where a person
feels sleepy, has difficulty staying awake, or is both physically and mentally
inactive. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 11 at lines 2-6, p 36 at lines 26-32, p 37 at line 1.

He agreed that there are different degrees of sedation. While a person may not
necessarily feel sleepy or sedated when her BAC level is decreasing, there is
nevertheless a correlation between one’s BAC level and the level of sedation.
222

##### Foot Note 222

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 11 at lines 16-29.

(d) He disagreed with Dr Guo on the question of whether a heavily sedated
person could perform complex actions. Dr Winslow’s view was that a heavily
sedated person could perform complex actions so long as her BAC level was not
extremely high (ie, over 200mg/100ml). 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 19 at lines 21-23, p 20 at lines 2-7, p 24 at lines 8-10.

Specifically, he also stated that a heavily sedated person could:

(i) use her hand to take another person’s penis and place it into her own
mouth, 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 22 at lines 6-15.

(ii) kneel down on the floor, 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 22 at lines 16-18.

(iii) lick another person’s penis consciously, 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 22 at lines 19-21.

(iv) position herself in front of another person in a “doggy position”, 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 22 at lines 22-27.

(v) walk down the stairs with assistance, 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 22 at lines 28-32, p 34 at lines 1-4.

and

(vi) respond to strong stimuli such as loud voices. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 23 at lines 5-17.

(e) When presented with Faris’ version of what took place in the bathroom, Dr
Winslow agreed that that Complainant’s behaviour as described was consistent
with the Complainant being in a state of alcohol-induced anterograde amnesia .
230

##### Foot Note 230

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 17 at lines 9-27.

Thus, Dr Winslow opined that the Complainant was likely to have been able to
express an intention to continue or discontinue any sexual activities that she
found herself participating in between 4am to 6am on 26 January 2014. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 24 at lines 26-31, p 25 at lines 1-3.

(f) However, Dr Winslow also accepted that if the Complainant behaved as Faris
and Asep had described in their police statements (which I will elaborate on
below), she would most likely have been floating in and out of a stuporous
alcoholic state. In such a state, the Complainant’s motor skills would have
been impaired, 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

NE 9 April 2019, p 43 at lines 1-2

and it would have been difficult for her to perform complex coordinated
movements of her limbs, or to have sex while standing with one leg on the
ground and the other on the water closet and changing positions thereafter.
233

##### Foot Note 233

×

NE 9 April 2019, p 44 at lines 2-19.

137 Faris submitted that Dr Guo was an unreliable witness whose evidence was
both internally and externally inconsistent. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Faris’ closing submissions at para 112.

In my view, the purported inconsistencies in Dr Guo’s evidence were not real
or material. For instance, Faris highlighted that Dr Guo had opined that the
Complainant could not have performed complex actions, but later under cross-
examination agreed that a person in a “blackout” (ie, with anterograde
amnesia) could have gotten out of a bathtub. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Faris’ closing submissions at para 113.

138 However, on closer examination, there is no inconsistency here since the
former opinion was specific to the Complainant, while the later observation
was premised on a generic individual who was suffering anterograde amnesia. In
fact, it was clear from Dr Guo’s testimony that if an individual had suffered
more than mere anterograde amnesia, there would have been psychomotor
limitations:

Q My question was that if a person was going through a blackout---

A Yah.

Q ---could that person get out of the bathtub?

A Yah.

Q Yes.

A Yah. In the blackout that person may not be so severe sedated.

Court: I see.

A Means that the---the---the movement is not severely impacted by the alcohol.
So---if so, the person can still do that. But that the---also possible that
the person was under the severe intoxication. In this case, the person won’t
be able to do that. So that’s why my answer is that---

Court: If the blackout is caused by severe intoxication or if the blackout
amounts to severe intoxication?

A If the blackout---in addition to blackout, that the person also severely
intoxicated that---that the person won’t be able to do that.

Q Okay. So, Dr Guo, if I may clarify. You are saying that if a person is going
through a blackout but is also severely intoxicated, then there are some
things that a person cannot do.

A Yes.

139 Similarly, other purported inconsistencies in Dr Guo’s evidence were, in
my view, premised on a misinterpretation of his evidence out of context.

140 Nevertheless, this is not a case in which much weight could be placed on
the evidence of either expert in so far as the estimations of the
Complainant’s BAC levels are concerned. There are four main reasons.

141 First, these BAC calculations are predicated on estimations of how much
alcohol the Complainant had consumed. However, in this case, reliable evidence
of that fact cannot be found. Rather, most of the witnesses gave vague and
inconsistent estimations:

(a) The Complainant testified that she did not drink anything before going to
the Room on the material day. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

NE Day 2, p 59 at lines 12-14.

After reaching the Room, she drank roughly three to four 1/2-full cups of an
unknown liquor mixed with an unknown soft drink, 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

NE Day 2, p 63 at lines 15-22; Day 3, p 82 at lines 18-29.

before drinking another four ¾-full cups of vodka mixed with Red Bull. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

NE Day 2, p 63 at lines 1-3 and 15-22; Day 3, p 82 at lines 13-29.

She did not know the proportion of alcohol mixed into these drinks. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

NE Day 3, p 82 at lines 13-17, p 83 at lines 4-21, p 84 at lines 6-7.

Nor could she remember the type of alcohol and the soft drink mixed for the
first three to four cups she had consumed. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

NE Day 2, p 62 at lines 16-20.

(b) Izzati testified that the Complainant started drinking immediately upon
arrival at the Room. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

NE Day 5, p 35 at lines 27-32, p 36 at line 1.

In her recollection, the Complainant’s cup was filled about three to four
times. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

NE Day 5, p 11 at lines 28-31, p 12 at lines 18-19.

She did not remember what was poured into the cup, 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

NE Day 5, p 36 at lines 22-23.

but she remembered that at that time a bottle of Jagermeister and vodka were
opened because they were left on the ground. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

NE Day 5, p 36 at lines 24-31.

She also recalled that the soft drink mixers available that day were green tea
and Red Bull. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

NE Day 5, p 11 at lines 12-16.

(c) Elmi recalled that the Complainant had drunk not more than three cups of
alcohol mixed with soft drinks at the Room, 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

NE Day 5, p 91 at lines 19-31.

but admitted that this was just an assumption and that he did not know how
many cups she had actually drunk. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

NE Day 6, p 79 at lines 19-31, p 80 at lines 7-8; Day 7, p 42 at lines 1-3.

Nor could he remember the type or the amount of alcohol in each cup. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

NE Day 5, p 91 at line 32, p 92 at lines 1-3; Day 6, p 22 at lines 10-15.

(d) Affandi testified that he was not sure how many cups of alcohol the
Complainant had consumed. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

NE Day 9, p 89 at lines 11-14.

He did however, recall Fadly pouring Chivas for the Complainant. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

NE Day 9, p 13 at lines 5-7, p 90 at lines 1-3.

(e) Fadly could only remember that he had poured cups of drinks for the
Complainant that morning. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

NE Day 36, p 27 at lines 29-30, p 28 at line 1.

He could not remember how many cups he had poured or how much alcohol was in
each cup. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

NE Day 36, p 28 at lines 2-5.

(f) Faris initially testified that the Complainant had drunk “around… three
cups only”. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

NE Day 18, p 20 at lines 6-9.

However, during cross-examination he admitted that this was only a guess, 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

NE Day 19, p 24 at lines 2-10 and 27-31, p 25 at lines 1-3.

and that he had arrived at that number by assuming that the Complainant had
consumed the same number of cups as he did. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

NE Day 19, p 24 at lines 2-4 and 11-17.

He also admitted that he was not really paying attention to the Complainant
during that period because he was talking to other attendees at the party. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

NE Day 19, p 24 at lines 18-20.

(g) Asep only gave evidence that the Complainant was drinking, 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

NE Day 32, p 11 at lines 27-30.

but did not say how much she drank. He testified that apart from noticing the
Complainant drinking and talking to Fadly, he did not really pay much
attention to her. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

NE Day 32, p 11 at lines 24-32, p 12 at lines 1-5.

(h) In Ridhwan’s 1st Statement, he stated that everyone except Izzati consumed
alcohol, and that Elmi “drank a little bit only, while the rest drinks quite a
lot”. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

See Exhibit P214 at para 5.

142 Second, the experts agreed that whether the Complainant was incapable of
giving consent, or merely in a state of anterograde amnesia and able to give
consent, depended on the underlying factual premise. For instance, when asked,
Dr Guo accepted that if Ridhwan’s version as to the facts was to be believed,
then the Complainant would have been in a much milder state of intoxication
and would have been able to perform the acts indicated above at [136(d)].
Similarly, Dr Winslow accepted that if it was true that the Complainant was
unable to open her eyes and could not resist sleeping, she would not have been
in a state of mere anterograde amnesia and could not have behaved in the
manner the accused persons claimed. In the circumstances, it would beg the
question to rely on expert opinion premised on a factual state that is both
the premise and the conclusion to be determined.

143 Third and relatedly, the experts were also not entirely at odds in their
expert opinion. For instance, as to the Complainant’s state at between 3am to
5am, which was around or slightly before the time of the alleged offences
committed by Faris and Asep in the bathroom, Dr Guo opined that the
Complainant was in a state of heavy sedation, and that it would not have been
possible for her to perform acts like those mentioned above at [133] as they
were complex acts requiring fine coordination and strength which the
Complainant did not possess at that time. Dr Winslow did not disagree that the
Complainant would be in a state of heavy sedation between 3am and 5am,
although he was of the view that her state could be partly due to sleepiness.
He was also of the view that she could have performed the acts in question
even in her state of sedation. However, Dr Winslow accepted that if her state
of unconsciousness was as serious as described in the police statements of
Faris (and Asep), it would have been difficult for her to perform the acts in
question which required coordination. Therefore, Dr Winslow’s opinion did not
rule out the possibility that the Complainant had been too sedated to perform
the acts in question. On the other hand, while Dr Guo was of the view that it
was impossible for the Complainant to perform such acts, it was unsafe to
place too much weight on his opinion alone in view of the limitations I have
mentioned.

144 Fourth, and importantly, the experts were also in agreement that the
impact of alcohol consumption on persons varied significantly, and that the
most important assessor of one’s level of intoxication was his or her clinical
manifestations. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions at paras 17 and 24.

In particular, Dr Guo testified that a person’s degree of sedation at any
given time is assessed with reference to how responsive that person is to
external stimuli. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

NE Day 16, p 13 at lines 17-25.

In this regard, a clinical assessment based on the witnesses’ observations as
well as the person’s own account is more accurate than drawing inferences
based on his or her estimated BAC level. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

NE Day 15, p 26 at lines 10-17; Day 16, p 13 at lines 20-30.

Similarly, Dr Winslow agreed that the assessment of a person’s level of
intoxication cannot be based on her estimated BAC level alone, and must be
accompanied by a clinical assessment (or, in Dr Winslow’s words, by looking at
her “functioning capacity”). This is because even at a specific BAC level, the
effects of alcohol manifest differently in different people. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

NE 9 April 2018, p 32 at lines 31-32, p 33 at lines 1-4.

145 For these reasons, not much weight could be placed on the expert evidence
in the present case in assessing the Complainant’s capacity to consent at the
material time.

(2) Complainant’s account

146 I turn now to the factual evidence, beginning with the Complainant’s
version of events.

147 The Complainant did not remember much about what had happened in the
morning of 26 January 2014. Her last memory of what happened before the Group
left for Zouk was of her sitting on the sofa, and her next memory was that she
was in the bathroom. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

NE Day 2, p 69 at lines 17-21.

She could not recall when the Group decided to go to Zouk, 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

NE Day 2, p 85 at lines 21-26.

when the Group actually left for Zouk, 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

NE Day 2, p 85 at lines 13-27.

whether she vomited on the first floor before they left, 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

NE Day 2, p 88 at lines 27-30.

or how she ended up in the bathroom. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

NE Day 2, p 87 at lines 9-11.

She testified she was “not 100% awake” and kept falling asleep. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

NE Day 1, p 54 at lines 23-24.

As regards what happened in the bathroom, she only had a few flashes of
memory, though she could not tell whether these flashes happened in sequence:
270

##### Foot Note 270

×

NE Day 2, p 89 at lines 29-30, p 102 at lines 20-25.

(a) First, she recalled that at some point she felt like vomiting while
standing in front of the sink, 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

NE Day 2, p 86 at lines 6-21.

with Asep standing beside her at that point, 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

NE Day 2, p 86 at lines 6-21, p 87 at lines 2-8.

and someone knocking on the door. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

NE Day 2, p 88 at lines 8-14.

(b) Second, she recalled being kissed by an unidentified male on the lips
while standing up in the bathroom. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

NE Day 1, p 53 at lines 16-28.

She felt uncomfortable but could not do anything about it because she was too
drunk and could not balance herself. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

NE Day 1, p 54 at lines 6-22.

(c) Third, she remembered that at another point, she found herself lying down
on her back on the bathroom floor beside the water closet, 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

NE Day 2, p 89 at lines 22-25.

and that a man with a circular tattoo on his left arm and who was not wearing
any pants, 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

NE Day 1, p 53 at lines 7-15.

was standing “in front of her”. 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

NE Day 2, p 97 at lines 19-30, p 98 at lines 1-6.

She did not see the face of this man, but she subsequently identified him as
Faris as she recognised his tattoo. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

NE Day 2, p 97 at lines 19-30; Day 3, p 53 at lines 28-29.

148 Faris submitted that the Complainant’s evidence was not reliable and might
have been a result of “confusion due to memory loss”. Therefore, it did not
meet the threshold of “unusually convincing” evidence. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

Faris’ closing submissions at para 61.

149 As I have discussed earlier (at [111]-[117]), I am of the view that the
unusually convincing standard does not apply in the present case where there
is other evidence available for consideration apart from the Complainant’s
testimony.

150 In my view, the Complainant’s account of what had occurred in the
bathroom, taken together with other evidence in the present case, provides
evidence that she did not have the capacity to consent to sexual intercourse
with Faris in the bathroom at the material time, and that she had not in fact
consented to such intercourse.

151 First, the Complainant’s account as to her condition at the material time
is corroborated by the evidence of the other witnesses and also with Faris’
own statements to the police. I will elaborate more on these aspects below.

152 Second, the Complainant’s account is also corroborated by her text
messages with Affandi later in the day of the alleged offence on 26 January
2016. In those messages, the Complainant confided that she suspected that she
had been sexually violated earlier that morning. She also stated that she was
told that she had consumed most of a bottle of Vodka the night before, 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

AB pp 219-220.

and that she “immediately went into trauma” and “don’t know anything” save
that when she woke up (in the morning in the living room beside Faris and
Ridhwan) 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

NE Day 2, p 28 at lines 28-30.

she was still feeling drunk and was “half naked” and felt pain in her vagina.
283

##### Foot Note 283

×

AB pp 220-221.

In my view, as these text messages were sent near-contemporaneously, they
buttress the Complainant’s evidence that she had been severely intoxicated and
not in the condition to give consent at the material time.

153 Third, apart from the observation that her testimony was “generally vague
and piecemeal”, 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

Faris’ closing submissions at para 56.

Faris did not raise anything material that suggested that the Complainant had
been untruthful in her evidence. On the contrary, I am of the view that the
Complainant was forthcoming in all material aspects. For instance, when
counsel put aspects of Faris’ case to her, such as the allegation that she had
“moaned with pleasure” during the intercourse, the Complainant did not deny or
disagree with the statements, but had rather conceded that she did not know or
could not remember. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

See, for instance, NE Day 3, pp 49-52.

(3) Faris’ testimony in court

154 As alluded to above, Faris’s account of events in court was vastly
different from the Complainant’s, and it portrayed the Complainant as an
initiator and active participant in sexual intercourse with him. The material
parts of Faris’ testimony in court may be summarised as follows:

(a) When he entered the bathroom after returning from Zouk, he saw the
Complainant sitting inside the bathtub with her top on but her skirt rolled up
around her waist. 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

NE Day 18, p 26 at lines 5-8, p 27 at lines 20-31.

He also saw a bit of vomit at the side of the bathtub, 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

NE Day 18, p 27 at lines 22-23.

and thought that she was not wearing any underwear. 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

NE Day 18, p 27 at lines 30-31.

During examination-in-chief, he testified that “she was looking at me”, 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

NE Day 18, p 28 at lines 3-4.

but later in cross-examination, he stated that her head was “resting on the
wall” and her eyes were “halfway closed”. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

NE Day 19, p 29 at lines 25-29, p 30 at lines 8-19.

(b) Faris then told the Complainant in Malay that he was going to pee (“aku
nak kenching”), and proceeded to do so. Thereafter, when he was washing his
hands at the sink, the Complainant “stood up normally and got out of the
bathtub” on her own. 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

NE Day 19, p 36 at lines 16-20.

She did so in one movement without stumbling, even though she had to step over
the edge of the bathtub. 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

NE Day 19, p 36 at lines 21-23.

She apparently stood in front of the sink, next to Faris, and was not wearing
any bottoms. She then leaned on him, causing him to fall back a little which
in turn caused the bathroom door to close. Faris asked her “Are you for real”
(“kau betul ketal betul ni?”) in Malay in response to which she unbuttoned and
unzipped his pants, and then pulled down his pants and underwear to his knee-
level. In doing so, she had to “use some effort” and “bend down a little”. 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

NE Day 19, p 39 at lines 11-13.

She then raised her right leg onto the water closet. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

NE Day 18, pp 30-31.

In Faris’ view, this series of conduct amounted to consent to sexual
intercourse with him. 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

NE Day 18, p 33 at lines 24-26.

(c) Faris and the Complainant then had penile-vaginal intercourse in three
different positions. First, for “a few minutes”, the Complainant’s right leg
was on the water closet. 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

NE Day 18, p 35 at lines 15-19.

During this time, the Complainant’s head switched from the left to the right
side of Faris’ head “a few times”. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

NE Day 19, pp 43-44.

Second, after Faris and the Complainant “switched places”, the Complainant’s
back was to the bathroom door, with her left leg on the water closet, while
Faris faced the door. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

NE Day 18, p 35; Day 19, pp 44-45.

The third position was with the Complainant’s back to the sink and Faris
standing in front of her. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

NE Day 18, p 36 at lines 11.

To reach this third position, Faris had pulled his penis out of the
Complainant’s vagina and “then [the Complainant] walk[ed] towards the sink and
lean against the sink, and [Faris] followed her”. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

NE Day 19, p 47 at lines 1-2.

Throughout the entire session, apart from the initial question “[a]re you for
real?” which Faris asked, there was no conversation between the parties, and
the Complainant was apparently moaning in pleasure. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

NE Day 19, p 46 at lines 10-18.

(d) Thereafter, Faris ejaculated into the water closet. He then told the
Complainant “I go out first, okay?” in Malay (“aku keluar dulu, okay”), exited
the bathroom alone, and went to the first floor of the Room, while the
Complainant remained in the bathroom. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

NE Day 18, p 36 at lines 16-31, p 37 at lines 1-9.

At the time of his exit, she was “standing at the spot where she got out from
the bathtub”. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

NE Day 19, p 49 at lines 24-27.

155 In my view, Faris’ account in court is not credible for reasons to which I
will now turn.

(4) Faris’ police statements

156 The statements that Faris had given to the police are highly probative, as
they materially contradict the exculpatory account of events that he gave in
court, and also corroborate the Complainant’s testimony as to the severe
extent of her intoxication at the material time. I have summarised the salient
parts of Faris’ 1st and 2nd Statements at [54] and [79] above respectively.
The important observation is that at no point in Faris’ statements did he say
that the sexual intercourse he had with the Complainant was consensual.
Indeed, it was his own evidence in his 2nd Statement that the Complainant was,
at the material time, drunk and in no condition to have given consent.

157 In his 1st Statement, Faris stated that, at the time he returned from Zouk
to the Room, the Complainant was in the bathtub in the bathroom and was
vomiting: 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

See Exhibit P213 at para 11.

11 [Ridhwan] and I arrived back at the hotel and we met ‘Asep’ at the hotel
lobby and we went up together. I cannot remember what time we arrived back at
the hotel. I remember one of us knocked on the room door and it opened. I
don’t know who opened the door. After I entered the room, I noticed ‘Hazly’
and ‘Fadly’ were watching TV at the living room. As for [the Complainant], she
was still inside the toilet. I heard her vomiting at the toilet and I went up
to take a look and I saw her in the bathtub. I went back down to the living
room, I took out my shirt and lay on the living room floor. I subsequently
fell asleep.

158 In his 2nd Statement, Faris sought to amend paragraph 11 of his 1st
Statement, but even with the amendments, his position was that the Complainant
was severely intoxicated. Indeed, he specifically confirmed that the
Complainant was not in a position to have given consent. The salient parts of
the 2nd Statement are reproduced below:

Q2: What are the facts that you would like to amend in paragraph 11 [of your
1st Statement]?

Ans: When I went into the toilet on the second floor of the hotel room, I saw
[the Complainant] seated inside the bath tub. I went to urinate first at the
toilet bowl. I saw that [the Complainant] was drunk. She was already vomiting
when we had left the hotel earlier to Zouk. [The Complainant] got out of the
bathtub and knocked herself against the door. This caused the door to be
slightly closed. She then stood near the door and was just standing there. I
then walked towards her and she fell on me as she could not stand on her own.
She then put her hands on my shoulder to support herself. She subsequently
leaned back on the door and this caused the door to close. Her face was near
my neck. I then lifted up her skirt and 1 realized that she was not wearing
any panties. I opened my pants and underwear and pulled it down to my ankle
level. I then started "fucking" her. When I was about to shoot out my sperm, I
took out my penis from her vagina and shot my semen on the toilet bowl. I then
put on my pants and underwear and went out of the toilet. [The Complainant]
went to seat on the toilet bowl after I left the toilet. When I came out of
the toilet, I immediately went down to the first floor of the toilet. I saw
Asep there. Asep asked me where is [the Complainant], I told him that she was
still inside the toilet. Asep then went up to the toilet. I knew Asep was
going to have sex with her.

…

Q8: What was [the Complainant] doing when you were putting your penis into her
vagina?

Ans: Her head was just bowed down on my shoulder. She did not talk or say
anything.

Q9: Did you ask her whether you can have sex with [the Complainant]?

Ans: When she leaned on the toilet door and the toilet door closed, I asked
her whether I could have sex with her.

Ql0: Did she give you a reply when you asked her whether you can have sex with
her?

Ans: She did not reply. Her eyes were halfway closed and she still appeared
drunk.

Q11: If she did not say yes to you having sex with her, why did you still
proceed to have sex with her?

Ans: I don't know. I was just feeling horny and wanted to have sex.

…

Q20: Was [the Complainant] in a condition to walk properly or stand up
properly?

Ans: I cannot really remember. But I know that she looked drunk and when she
walked towards the door, she knocked herself against the door.

Q21: If [the Complainant] still looked drunk to you, do you think it would
have been possible for [the Complainant] to have given consent to having sex
with you?

Ans: No.

Q22: If she could not have given consent to you, why did you still proceed to
have sex with her?

Ans: I don't know.

159 There were three references to “drunk” in the above-quotation from Faris’
2nd Statement. In my view, this accurately reflects the degree of the
Complainant’s intoxication at the material time from Faris’ point of view. To
the extent that the Defence argues that little weight should be placed on the
contents of these statements because of irregularities in the statement-taking
process and/or oppression, I do not accept this submission as I have found in
the ancillary hearing that there was no basis to the allegations made (see
[53]-[93] above). In so far as Faris appeared to suggest that his references
to “drunk” meant merely that the Complainant was “high” which apparently
referred to a lesser degree of intoxication, I also do not accept this
because, as Faris himself explained in court, “drunk” refers to when one does
not know his or her surrounding, “high” means one knows his surrounding but is
simply “a bit tipsy”, and one cannot be high and drunk at the same time. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

NE Day 19, pp 25-26.

Furthermore, the word “drunk” was used in the text of Question 21, and so it
would have been plainly obvious to Faris if that was not the term that he had
used or intended.

(5) Other witnesses’ accounts

160 Furthermore, the clinical manifestations of the Complainant and her
condition at and around the material time of the alleged offence, as observed
by the other witnesses present in the Room, point strongly against Faris’
account which portrayed the Complainant as the initiator and an active
participant. They suggest that the Complainant was severely intoxicated,
physically weak, and at least close to a state of unconsciousness. As I
mentioned, both experts agreed that the most important assessor of the impact
of alcoholic intoxication on an individual are the clinical manifestations of
his or her condition. Therefore, the observations of the other witnesses are
highly probative.

161 Before I elaborate on the specific testimonies, I should explain that
strictly speaking, these testimonies relate primarily to the Complainant’s
condition during and immediately after her sexual activity with Asep rather
than Faris. But it was undisputed that the Complainant’s sexual activity with
Asep immediately followed her activity with Faris. Indeed, the Defence stated
in the closing submissions that there was only a “short difference in time”
between the Faris’ and Asep’s alleged offences in the bathroom. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

Faris’ closing submissions at para 134.

Therefore, the witnesses’ observations of the Complainant’s condition remain
relevant in relation to the alleged offences of Faris in the bathroom.

162 The material aspects of the witnesses’ evidence may be summarised as
follows:

(a) Elmi’s testimony was that he left Zouk at around 5.00am and upon his
return to the Room, either he or Izzati wanted to use the bathroom but were
unable to do so because it was occupied. 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

NE Day 5, p 100 at lines 18-25.

Elmi went to investigate further and saw the bathroom door partially opened.
308

##### Foot Note 308

×

NE Day 6, p 44 at lines 20-22, p 45 at lines 26-32, p 46 at line 1.

Upon pushing the door open further, he saw the Complainant standing on her own
in front of the sink with Asep about a shoulder width behind or beside her.
309

##### Foot Note 309

×

NE Day 5, p 102 at lines 4-22; Day 6, p 46 at lines 26-32; Day 7, p 42 at
lines 13-18.

Both were facing the sink. 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

NE Day 5, p 102 at lines 4-22.

Through the reflection in the mirror, Elmi also saw the Complainant’s breasts
exposed as well as a topless Asep. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

NE Day 5, p 101 at lines 1-10; Day 6, p 49 at lines 19-22.

To him, the Complainant “looked drunk” at that time. 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

NE Day 5, pp 103-104.

However, he was unable to see much else because Asep quickly pushed the door
shut. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

NE Day 5, p 101 at lines 22-30.

About a minute later, Asep emerged from the bathroom alone. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

NE Day 5, p 104 at lines 15-32.

After realising that the Complainant remained in the bathroom for “a quite few
minutes” after Asep had emerged, 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

NE Day 6, p 55 at lines 11-14.

Elmi asked Fadly to go up to the second floor to bring her out as he believed
that she was “drunk”. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

NE Day 5, p 104 at lines 28-32,

Elmi did not see what the Complainant was doing in the bathroom during the few
minutes she was in there alone, 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

NE Day 6, p 55 at lines 21-23.

but when Fadly brought the Complainant out of the bathroom, Elmi again formed
the view that she “looked drunk”. 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

NE Day 5, p 105 at lines 10-15; Day 7, p 13 at lines 20-21.

In examination-in-chief, Elmi explained that by “drunk”, he meant that she was
“unconscious”. 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

NE Day 5, p 105 at lines 10-15.

Under cross-examination, he reiterated that the Complainant appeared “weak and
drunk” 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

NE Day 6, p 56 at lines 7-12.

and that this did not merely mean that “she needed support to walk”, even
though he did not know for a fact whether she was aware of her surroundings at
that time. 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

NE Day 6, p 56 at lines 14-16; Day 7, p 13 at lines 9-10.

According to Elmi, Fadly had supported the Complainant out of the bathroom
with his right arm on her shoulder and her left arm around his neck. 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

NE Day 5, p 105 at lines 6-9 and 29-32.

He could not recall if the Complainant was being dragged along by Fadly, or if
she was walking with some assistance from him. 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

NE Day 7, p 13 at lines 27-32.

Fadly then helped her down the spiral staircase to the first floor, 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

NE Day 7, p 14 at lines 13-15, p 15 at lines 1-2.

though Elmi did not watch them go all the way down the stairs. 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

NE Day 7, p 15 at lines 10-13.

(b) According to Izzati, she could not remember whether it was her or Elmi who
pushed the bathroom door open, but she remembered Asep saying that he was
peeing. 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

NE Day 5, p 18 at lines 12-17.

The bathroom lights were switched off at that time and the bathroom looked
dark. 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

NE Day 5, p 18 at lines 26-28.

As a result, Izzati could not see what was going on inside. 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

NE Day 5, p 20 at lines 3-6.

Izzati also said that the lights on the second floor outside the bathroom were
switched on during this time. 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

NE Day 5, p 19 at lines 1-6.

Asep emerged from the bathroom after about five minutes and went down to the
first floor. 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

NE Day 5, p 20 at lines 10-18.

When Izzati entered the bathroom, she saw the Complainant inside and asked
Elmi to inform his friends to “help her out”. 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

NE Day 5, p 20 at lines 24-31.

She did not remember where the Complainant was located inside the bathroom,
332

##### Foot Note 332

×

NE Day 5, p 64 at lines 20-26.

and why she had to get Elmi to ask his friends to help the Complainant out.
333

##### Foot Note 333

×

NE Day 5, p 21 at lines 1-3.

Izzati testified that she saw Fadly helping the Complainant down to the first
floor, 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

NE Day 5, p 22 at lines 9-18.

although she did not notice how he had done so 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

NE Day 5, p 22 at lines 9-18.

or how the Complainant looked at this point in time, 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

NE Day 5, p 22 at lines 23-24.

except that she was fully clothed. 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

NE Day 5, p 47 at lines 21-28.

(c) Fadly recalled that, after Elmi, Izzati and another attendee returned from
Zouk, the Complainant had to be supported down from the second floor to the
first floor as she was “too drunk to come down unsupported”. 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

NE Day 36, p 37 at lines 9-15.

However, he did not remember who had supported her or how exactly she was
supported, 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

NE Day 36, p 37 at lines 16-18.

though he did remember that the Complainant was supported by a person who was
standing right beside her, 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

NE Day 36, p 37 at lines 16-21.

and that she was “weak and drunk” at this point. 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

NE Day 36, p 39 at lines 5-6.

163 In my view, the evidence of Elmi, Izzati, and Fadly clearly contradicted
Faris’ evidence as to what had occurred in the bathroom. Elmi and Fadly
testified that the Complainant was severely intoxicated when she was helped
out of the bathroom. They used words such as “unconscious”, “drunk” and “weak”
to describe her condition. They also stated that the Complainant was so
intoxicated that she needed to be helped by someone else to come out of the
bathroom and to the first floor of the Room. In particular, I found Elmi’s
evidence to be largely detailed and salient, save in relation to one point,
where he agreed with a question posed to him that the Complainant was
“standing on her own” in the bathroom next to the countertop of the sink. 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

NE Day 6, p 47 at lines 2-4.

It was not entirely clear whether he meant that there was some distance
between her and any other person around her, or that she was sufficiently
sober as to be exerting her own strength to keep upright. Izzati could not
remember the details about the Complainant’s state at that time, but confirmed
that she had told Elmi to ask his friends to help the Complainant out of the
bathroom a few minutes after Asep emerged. In my view, it would have been odd
for her to do so had she been of the view that the Complainant was capable of
getting out of the bathroom herself. Given the condition of the Complainant as
described by the witnesses, I do not believe that the Complainant had, as
Faris claimed in court, stepped out of the bathtub on her own, propositioned
sex with him by, amongst other things, pulling down and unzipping his pants
and underwear, and thereafter engaged actively in sexual intercourse with him
in three different positions.

164 I should add that it transpired during trial that in Elmi’s police
statement dated 29 January 2014 at 8.00pm, he had described the Complainant as
“sober” when she was helped out of the bathroom by Fadly. Faris sought to rely
on this to contradict Elmi’s oral testimony that the Complainant had been
“drunk”, “unconscious”, and “weak” at that time (see [162(a)] above). However,
in court, Elmi recanted this part of his earlier police statement. He stated
and subsequently confirmed that he had lied to the police in his earlier
statement when he said that the Complainant looked “sober”, because he was
trying to cover up for his friends at that time. 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

NE Day 6, p 64 at lines 9-10, p 65 at lines 12-25, p 71 at lines 9-12.

In the circumstances, I accept Elmi’s testimony in court as a reliable
account. Indeed, in my view, Elmi was a truthful and forthcoming witness in
court. He made appropriate concessions when he could not remember the
specifics of the Complainant’s condition and did not embellish or exaggerate
his evidence even where there were opportunities to do so. There was also no
suggestion of any reason for him to lie when he recanted the part of his
earlier police statement on the Complainant’s condition.

Conclusion on the 4th Charge

165 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the 4th Charge against Faris has
been established beyond a reasonable doubt. In my view, the evidence taken
holistically makes clear that Faris’ account of how the Complainant had
propositioned him for sex and engaged actively in sex with him is untenable.
The truth, rather, is that the Complainant was severely intoxicated and at
least close to unconsciousness at the material time, and was in no condition
to have consented to any sexual conduct. Her physical condition and level of
sedation at that time meant that she could not have been and was not simply,
as Faris claimed, suffering from anterograde amnesia. On the basis of the
foregoing, I am also of the view that she did not in fact consent, even if she
could have.

Defence of mistake of fact

166 In the light of the discussion above, it would be clear that Faris must
have known that the Complainant was not in a condition to consent and did not
in fact consent to sexual intercourse with him. Again, I emphasise that
nowhere in his police statements did Faris say that the Complainant was a
consenting party. Indeed, quite the opposite, Faris stated that the
Complainant looked drunk and appeared incapable of giving consent in Answers
21 and 22 of his 2nd Statement (see [79(c)] above). Faris’ defence of mistake
of fact must therefore fail, especially since it is he who bears the burden of
establishing this defence (see [122] above). There is accordingly no need for
me to consider the other questions of sufficient cause, due care and
attention, and good faith on Faris’ part (see [122]–[124] above).

6th and 7th Charges – Asep, bathroom, fellatio and attempted rape

167 The 6th and 7th Charges were brought against Asep for, respectively (see
[4(a)] and [4(b)] above):

(a) sexual assault by penetration under s 376(1)(a), punishable under s 376(3)
of the PC, for penetrating the Complainant’s mouth with his penis without her
consent, in the bathroom of the Room; and

(b) attempted rape under s 375(1)(a), punishable under s 375(2) read with s
511 of the PC, for attempting to insert his penis into the Complainant’s
vagina without her consent, in the bathroom of the Room.

168 I have reproduced the provision on rape above at [126]. Section 511 of the
PC provides for the law on criminal attempts and it reads as follows (omitting
the illustrations):

Punishment for attempting to commit offences

511.—(1) Subject to subsection (2), whoever attempts to commit an offence
punishable by this Code or by any other written law with imprisonment or fine
or with a combination of such punishments, or attempts to cause such an
offence to be committed, and in such attempt does any act towards the
commission of the offence, shall, where no express provision is made by this
Code or by such other written law, as the case may be, for the punishment of
such attempt, be punished with such punishment as is provided for the offence.

(2) The longest term of imprisonment that may be imposed under subsection (1)
shall not exceed —

(a) 15 years where such attempt is in relation to an offence punishable with
imprisonment for life; or

(b) one-half of the longest term provided for the offence in any other case.

169 As for sexual assault by penetration, the relevant provision in the PC
reads as follows:

Sexual assault by penetration

376.—(1) Any man (A) who —

(a) penetrates, with A’s penis, the anus or mouth of another person (B); or

(b) causes another man (B) to penetrate, with B’s penis, the anus or mouth of
A,

shall be guilty of an offence if B did not consent to the penetration.

(2) Any person (A) who —

(a) sexually penetrates, with a part of A’s body (other than A’s penis) or
anything else, the vagina or anus, as the case may be, of another person (B);

(b) causes a man (B) to penetrate, with B’s penis, the vagina, anus or mouth,
as the case may be, of another person (C); or

(c) causes another person (B), to sexually penetrate, with a part of B’s body
(other than B’s penis) or anything else, the vagina or anus, as the case may
be, of any person including A or B,

shall be guilty of an offence if B did not consent to the penetration.

(3) Subject to subsection (4), a person who is guilty of an offence under this
section shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 20
years, and shall also be liable to fine or to caning.

170 As with Faris, Asep did not dispute the fact that the relevant sexual
activity had occurred, but rather claimed that they had been consensual.
Therefore, the main issues in dispute are (a) whether the Complainant had the
capacity to consent to sexual intercourse at the material time; (b) if so,
whether she in fact consented to such intercourse; and (c) whether Asep could
rely on the defence of mistake of fact.

Consent

171 As I mentioned above, I do not consider the expert evidence in the present
case to be too helpful in assessing the Complainant’s capacity to consent at
the material time. I thus focus on an analysis of the facts.

(1) Complainant’s account

172 The Complainant’s account in relation to the 6th and 7th Charges is
materially the same as her account in relation to the 4th Charge (see [146] to
[153] above). This is so because of the close proximity in time between the
incidents. Again, I am of the view that the unusually convincing standard does
not apply in the present case (see [111]-[117]). Similar to my findings in
respect of 4th Charge against Faris, I find that the Complainant’s account of
what had occurred in the bathroom with Asep, corroborated by the evidence in
other forms in the present case, provides some evidence that she did not have
the capacity to consent to any sexual activity with Asep in the bathroom at
the material time, and that she had not in fact consented.

(2) Asep’s testimony in court

173 As against the Complainant’s evidence, Asep’s account in court presented a
very different picture of what happened in the bathroom between him and the
Complainant, and a very different picture of what the Complainant was able to
do at the material time. In essence, like Faris, Asep’s defence was that the
Complainant had consented to the sexual acts constituting the 6th and 7th
Charge. The consent was evidenced by the Complainant allegedly nodding her
head in response to Asep’s questions on whether she wanted to have certain
sexual activity. The Complainant also allegedly actively participated in the
sexual activity and actively moved around in the bathroom, including
unilaterally lifting her leg up onto the bathtub, to facilitate certain sexual
acts with Asep. Asep’s account in court may be summarised as follows:

(a) When Asep entered the bathroom, he saw the Complainant standing just
outside the bathtub adjusting her top. 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

NE Day 27, p 33 at lines 1-15; Day 32, p 54 at lines 16-24.

He then asked her if he could use the bathroom, and she nodded in response.
This was the first time he had spoken to her. 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

NE Day 32, p 62 at lines 15-16.

(b) Asep proceeded to wash his hands after passing urine in the Complainant’s
presence. As he was doing so, he noticed the Complainant looking at him and he
asked her if she wanted to fellate him. 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

NE Day 27, p 33 at lines 15-21.

She nodded her head in response and approached him, while he removed his pants
and underwear. 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

NE Day 27, p 33 at lines 24-25.

She then took his penis and put it into her mouth. 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

NE Day 27, p 33 at lines 20-28.

(c) About two minutes later, Asep asked her if she wanted to “have the doggy
position”. The Complainant stood up, turned around, bent forward, and lifted
her skirt. He then tried to penetrate her vagina with his penis from behind
but failed as he lost his erection. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

NE Day 27, p 33 at lines 21-30, p 34 at lines 1-2.

(d) Subsequently, Asep asked the Complainant if she wanted him to lick her
vagina. She nodded her head, moved to the area near the bathtub, and placed
her right leg onto the bathtub. As he was about to kneel down in front of her,
Elmi opened the door. Asep quickly pushed the door shut and pulled up his
pants while the Complainant pulled down her skirt. 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

NE Day 27, p 34 at lines 3-27.

She also started gagging (ie, sounding like she wanted to vomit), and she made
her way to the basin and turned on the tap. Asep asked if she was fine, and
she nodded her head. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

NE Day 27, p 34 at lines 30-31.

(e) Asep then exited the bathroom and made his way down to the first floor of
the Room before falling asleep there. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

NE Day 27, p 35 at lines 1-3.

174 In my view, Asep’s account in court is not credible as it materially
contradicts several other pieces of evidence, including his own statements to
the police to which I now turn.

(3) Asep’s police statements

175 The relevant parts of Asep’s police statements may be summarised as
follows:

(a) In his 1st Statement, Asep stated that he went up to the bathroom on the
second floor after returning to the hotel from Zouk. When he entered the
bathroom, he saw the Complainant lying in the bathtub, with some vomit inside
the bathtub. 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

Exhibit 2TWT-P10 at paras 11-12.

She also sounded like she was still vomiting. 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

Exhibit 2TWT-P10 at para 12.

He could not remember what she was wearing at that point. 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

Exhibit 2TWT-P10 at Q1.

Thereafter, Asep washed his face and exited the bathroom. 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

Exhibit 2TWT-P10 at para 12.

(b) In his 1st Statement, Asep did not admit to any sexual activity with the
Complainant. He explained in his 2nd Statement that this was because he was
afraid that it was an offence for the Complainant to perform fellatio on him
(see Questions and Answers 4 and 5). However, what is material is that he did
record in his 1st Statement his observation of the Complainant being “very
drunk” when he returned from Zouk:

12 When I went to the toilet, I saw [the Complainant] lying in the bath tub
and she was vomiting. There was some vomit in the bathtub. I could still hear
her gagging like she was still vomiting. I then washed my face and went back
out.

…

Q10 Did you see anyone near the girl when you woke up in the morning?

Ans She was at the left side of the [R]oom near the door. No one was around
her. Come to think of it, I am also not sure how she got to the first floor
because the last that I saw her, she was very drunk in the bathtub and she was
vomiting.

Q11 You saw a girl in the bathtub who was drunk. Did it cross your mind that
you could take advantage of that situation with her?

Ans No because she vomited all over herself and it was disgusting.

…

(c) In his 2nd Statement, Asep maintained that he saw the Complainant lying
and vomiting in the bathtub when he first entered the bathroom after returning
from Zouk, 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

See Exhibit P205 at Q32.

but he changed his version of what happened thereafter. He stated that about
half an hour after he exited the bathroom, Faris returned to the Room from
Zouk and went up to the bathroom immediately before spending at least half an
hour inside with the Complainant. 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

See Exhibit P205 at Q2, Q6, and Q7.

After Faris exited the bathroom, Asep entered the bathroom for the second
time, and he saw the Complainant adjusting her top. 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

See Exhibit P205 at Q2.

He deduced that Faris had sex with her but did not think that she was in a
condition to have sex with Faris or to consent to doing so, as she was drunk
and seemed tired when he last saw her in the bathroom. 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

See Exhibit P205 at Q13.

Nevertheless, Asep asked if the Complainant could fellate him. Asep did not
know whether she said anything in response but thought that she had nodded her
head. He then removed his pants, and she knelt down before holding his penis
and putting it into her mouth. 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

See Exhibit P205 at Q2.

About a minute or two later, Asep helped the Complainant up and turned her
around so that she would be in a “doggy position”. He then tried to penetrate
her vagina with his penis, but was unable to do so as he had lost his
erection. Asep then asked the Complainant if he could lick her vagina. She
appeared to have nodded her head, but Elmi suddenly opened the bathroom door
as he was about to kneel down to do so. This took Asep by surprise, and he
reacted by closing the door and putting on his pants before leaving the
bathroom, while the Complainant adjusted her skirt. 362

##### Foot Note 362

×

See Exhibit P205 at Q2.

Asep claimed that the Complainant was in a state to consent to sex at the time
when sexual activity transpired between them, despite the initial condition in
which he found her in when he first entered the bathroom. 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

See Exhibit P205 at Q15.

176 In my view, Asep’s 1st and 2nd Statements are consistent in depicting the
Complainant’s severe state of intoxication which negated her ability to give
consent. In both statements, Asep had repeatedly and consistently described
the Complainant as “drunk”. In particular, in his 2nd Statement, Asep
described the extent of her intoxication as follows:

(a) Before Asep had any sexual activity with the Complainant, Faris had
entered the bathroom and at that time, Asep was of the view that the
Complainant was not “in a state to have sex with anyone or have given consent
to have sex” (Question and Answer 13 of Asep’s 2nd Statement).

(b) After Asep had sexual activity with the Complainant, the Complainant was
so intoxicated that Asep stated that someone needed to carry the Complainant
out of the bathroom and down to the living room (Question and Answer 16 of
Asep’s 2nd Statement).

177 Yet, Asep insisted in court that when he had sexual activity with the
Complainant, the Complainant was capable of consenting and had in fact
consented to sexual activity with him. In my view, it is simply incredible
that the Complainant would be in a severely intoxicated state both before and
after sexual activity with Asep, but yet regained sobriety only for the
material period while Asep was in the bathroom with her. In that context, in
so far as Asep claimed in his 2nd Statement that the Complainant could have
and did in fact consent, I find that this was simply a self-serving attempt to
escape criminal liability and should be given no weight. Instead, Asep’s
description of the Complainant as being “drunk” and “very drunk” in the other
parts of his police statement are truthful observations of the Complainant’s
condition.

(4) Other witnesses’ accounts

178 The testimonies of Elmi, Izzati, and Fadly, which I have summarised above
in relation to Faris (see [160]-[164]), also apply here with equal force given
the short passage of time between these alleged offences in the bathroom. As I
mentioned, I find the witnesses’ recounted observations of the Complainant’s
condition at the material time – and in particular that of Elmi’s – to be
credible and probative. These testimonies buttress the Complainant’s evidence
and they materially contradict Asep’s account of her condition in the
bathroom.

(5) Post-offence contact between Asep and the Complainant

179 In closing submissions, the Defence relied on contact between Asep and the
Complainant after police investigations had commenced to support Asep’s case
that the Complainant’s testimony was not reliable. Three specific instances of
contact were relied on:

(a) Asep allegedly spoke with the Complainant on the phone using the phone of
a mutual friend sometime after his 1st Statement was recorded on 30 January
2014. During this conversation, Asep asked the Complainant why he was involved
in the police investigations. 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

NE Day 33, p 54-56.

(b) Asep also met the Complainant several months later at a shopping mall with
a group of friends sometime before the recording of his 2nd Statement. 365

##### Foot Note 365

×

NE Day 33, p 63 at lines 20-25.

There, he again asked the Complainant why he was involved in the
investigations, and the Complainant allegedly told him that he was “not like
the rest of them because she knows that it was consented [sic]”. 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

NE Day 33, pp 56-59.

(c) Finally, Asep and the Complainant exchanged text messages between 12
November 2014 and 21 January 2015 during which the Complainant suggested
meeting up with him and it was said that she appeared friendly towards Asep.
367

##### Foot Note 367

×

NE Day 31, p 59.

180 Asep’s argument was that the Complainant’s willingness to communicate and
even meet with a person whom she suspected could have sexually violated her
“is totally irrational” and not consistent with her account of trauma arising
from the alleged sexual assault. 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

Asep’s closing submissions at pp 67-69.

181 I am not persuaded by this argument and do not consider that it detracts
from the weight of the Complainant’s evidence and other evidence which
supports the Prosecution’s case.

182 First, it is questionable whether Asep’s account of the contact between
him and the Complainant after the time of the alleged offences on 26 January
2014 was accurate or complete.

(a) On the alleged phone call which occurred sometime after 30 January 2014,
the Complainant was not cross-examined and no objective evidence was produced
to corroborate Asep’s claim about the existence of such a call.

(b) As regards the meeting at a shopping mall, the Complainant’s testimony was
that Asep had joined the group for dinner and that she was not sure that the
conversation Asep alleged had in fact transpired. 369

##### Foot Note 369

×

NE Day 3, pp 107-110.

Asep was similarly unable to produce any evidence to support his bare
assertion that the Complainant had told him then that she consented to the
sexual activity with him, nor did any other witness before me testify to such
effect.

(c) As for the text messages between Asep and the Complainant, they were
produced midway through the trial and the Complainant was not cross-examined
on them or given an opportunity to explain these messages. Also, Asep only
managed to produce screenshots of the messages and admitted that he had
selectively deleted several messages. 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

NE Day 33, p 77 at lines 29-31.

183 Second, and in any event, I do not consider that much could be made out of
the Complainant’s alleged post-offence interaction with Asep. Three points
should be made in this regard.

(a) One, while it is true that in one of the Complainant’s earlier text
message to her friend later in the morning of the alleged offences, she might
have mentioned Asep by description as the one who was wearing spectacles and
stated that she believed that he was one of the perpetrators, it was clear
from the collective of her messages that she was not herself certain as to
what had actually happened at the Duxton Hotel.

(b) Two, it also seems to me that the Complainant was not clear in her own
mind as to how to interact with Asep thereafter, if at all. Indeed, based on
Asep’s evidence, it was not the Complainant who sought to make contact with
Asep in the first two interactions but the other way round.

(c) Three, it appears to me that the Complainant is a simple person who was
more comfortable relying on her friends than her family members. In fact, the
first persons the Complainant contacted later in the morning of the alleged
offences, when she suspected that she had been sexually assaulted, were her
friends, and she did not want to inform her parents about the matter. When she
made a police report, she was also accompanied by a friend and not any family
member. It appeared that she did not have the benefit of much parental
guidance after the date of the alleged offences.

184 Third, I am mindful of the risks and inaccuracy of accepting the
underlying premise of Asep’s submission that there should be a single mould of
how a victim of sexual abuse should act. As Abdullah JC (as he then was)
observed in PP v BLV at [154]:

154 I have discomfort with the notion that there is an archetypal victim of
sexual abuse, or that there is any standard as to how a victim of sexual abuse
should or should not have aspects of his or her life visibly affected by the
abuse.

Conclusion on the 6th and 7th Charges

185 For these reasons, I am of the view that the 6th and 7th Charges against
Asep are made out beyond a reasonable doubt. The Complainant’s condition at
the time of these offences was not different from her condition at the time of
the 4th Charge (see [165] above). Accordingly, I find that she lacked the
requisite capacity to consent to any sexual activity with Asep at the material
time.

Defence of mistake of fact

186 In so far as the defence of mistake of fact is concerned, I find that this
has not been established by Asep on a balance of probabilities. Regrettably,
the Defence did not elaborate on the applicability of this defence in their
closing submissions except to mention it. 371

##### Foot Note 371

×

Asep’s closing submissions at para 156.

187 So far as his subjective belief was concerned, Asep did claim that the
sexual activity between him and the Complainant was consensual in his
testimony in court and in his 2nd Statement. However, as I mentioned, I
disbelieved Asep’s testimony and found that the portions of his 2nd Statement
which suggested that the sexual activity between him and the Complainant was
consensual were self-serving and untruthful (see [174]-[177] above). In the
light of these points, and also my findings as to the severely intoxicated
state of the Complainant at the material time, I find that Asep has not
discharged his burden of proving that he had been mistaken in good faith at
the material time that the Complainant was capable of giving consent and had
in fact given her consent to the sexual activity with him in the bathroom.

1st, 2nd and 3rd Charges – Ridhwan, living room, digital-anal penetration,
rape, and outrage of modesty

188 The 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Charges against Ridhwan are for the following
offences respectively, all of which allegedly occurred sometime later in the
morning of 26 January 2014 in the living room of the Room (see [2] above):

(a) Sexual assault by penetration under s 376(2)(a) of the PC, punishable
under s 376(3) of the PC, for penetrating the Complainant’s anus with his
finger without her consent.

(b) Rape under s 375(1)(a), punishable under s 375(2) of the PC, for inserting
his penis into the Complainant’s vagina without her consent.

(c) Using criminal force with intent to outrage the modesty of the Complainant
punishable under s 354(1) of the PC, for sucking her nipples.

189 The relevant provisions for sexual assault and rape have been reproduced
above at [169] and [126] respectively. In relation to outrage of modesty under
s 354(1) of the PC, the provision reads as follows:

Assault or use of criminal force to a person with intent to outrage modesty

354.—(1) Whoever assaults or uses criminal force to any person, intending to
outrage or knowing it to be likely that he will thereby outrage the modesty of
that person, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend
to 2 years, or with fine, or with caning, or with any combination of such
punishments.

190 The Prosecution submitted that all three charges against Ridhwan are
established as the Complainant was so intoxicated at the material time that
she lacked the capacity to consent to the relevant sexual acts with Ridhwan,
or, in the alternative, that she did not in fact consent to such acts. The
Prosecution based its submissions primarily on the following pieces of
evidence:

(a) evidence of the Prosecution’s expert witness;

(b) the Complainant’s testimony;

(c) other witnesses’ observations of the Complainant’s condition when she was
brought down to the living room;

(d) Ridhwan’s statements to the police; and

(e) Ridhwan’s actions after the alleged offences.

191 Ridhwan’s defence in relation to all three charges was that, at the
material time, the Complainant had the capacity to consent and did in fact
consent to the relevant sexual acts with him. He suggested that the
Complainant may have consented to the relevant sexual acts while suffering
from anterograde amnesia such that she simply could not remember having done
so. 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

Ridhwan’s closing submissions at para 97.

Further, specifically in relation to the 1st Charge, he argued that he had
intended to digitally penetrate the Complainant’s vagina and only penetrated
her anus by accident because they were underneath a blanket. 373

##### Foot Note 373

×

NE Day 34, p 92 at lines 2-4 and 24-26.

On that premise, he submitted that he did not have the requisite mens rea for
the 1st Charge, and some suggestion was also made that the defence of accident
under s 80 of the PC applied in his favour.

192 In the ensuing analysis, I will deal first with the issues that concern
all three charges against Ridhwan, which are (a) the Complainant’s capacity to
consent at the material time; (b) whether she in fact consented to the sexual
acts; and (b) the defence of mistake of fact. Thereafter, I will deal with the
two issues that specifically concern only the 1st Charge, which are (a) the
requisite mens rea for the charge, and (b) the defence of accident.

193 Before I turn to the analysis proper, I make two observations about the
chronology of events.

(a) First, the exact time at which the sexual acts between Ridhwan and the
Complainant took place was disputed. The Prosecution’s version was that they
had taken place between 5.04am and 7.16am, the latter being the time of
sunrise on 26 January 2014. Ridhwan’s position was that it happened between
7.16am and 9.54am, ie, after sunrise on 26 January 2014. For reasons which I
will discuss below, I do not consider that the precise timing of the sexual
encounter between Ridhwan and the Complainant is material. I add that the same
time period covers the alleged offence underlying the 5th Charge against
Faris.

(b) Second, as the charges against Ridhwan concern acts in the living room
which occurred sometime after the alleged offences in the bathroom, my
findings above on the Complainant’s incapacity to consent to sexual acts in
the bathroom do not necessarily extend to the present charges, even though
they may nevertheless be relevant.

Consent

194 In the present case, apart from the expert reports and the accounts of the
Complainant and Ridhwan (including his police statements), there is less
objective evidence as to the Complainant’s condition at the time of the sexual
acts in the living room. Rather, the Complainant’s condition has to be
inferred from evidence about other proximate points in time, which include:

(a) other witnesses’ observations of the Complainant’s condition when she was
brought from the bathroom to the living room (which was prior to the events
constituting the living room charges) and in the morning before she left the
Duxton Hotel (which was after the events constituting the living room
charges),

(b) CCTV footage of the Complainant leaving the Duxton Hotel at around 10am on
26 January 2016, and

(c) the post-offence conduct of the Complainant and Ridhwan after they left
the Duxton Hotel.

195 In assessing such evidence, I reiterate the following principle which the
Court of Appeal identified as salient to the determination of capacity to
consent in Pram Nair at [96] (see full quotation at [119] above):

(d) Capacity to consent requires the capacity to make decisions or choices. A
person, though having limited awareness of what is happening, may have such
impaired understanding or knowledge as to lack the ability to make any
decisions, much less the particular decision whether to have sexual
intercourse or engage in any sexual act.

[emphasis added]

(1) Expert opinions

196 The contents of Dr Guo’s 1st Report and 2nd Report have been discussed
above at [131]-[132]. To reiterate briefly, Dr Guo estimated the Complainant’s
BAC level to be between 141.57mg% and 53.57mg% from 5am to 9am on 26 January
2014. At this time, the Complainant “would have been in an early recovery
stage from the [alcohol] intoxication” and it was “possible that she would
have been still sedated and her judgment of her actions…still somewhat
impaired”. 374

##### Foot Note 374

×

See Exhibit P180 at para 34; NE Day 17, p 4 at lines 5-14.

Dr Guo concluded as follows: 375

##### Foot Note 375

×

See Exhibit P180 at p 9 read with Exhibit P180B.

During the early hours in the morning [6AM and 9AM], based on her estimated
BAC, it is possible that the effects of intoxication should have been
gradually wearing off at this period of time. Despite being sedated, she might
be partially aware of her actions and surroundings during this period but one
could still not fully rule out the possibility of the sedative effects of
alcohol influencing her thoughts and behaviour and contributing to the poor
judgment of her actions.

197 In court, Dr Guo explained that his reference to “poor judgment” on the
part of the Complainant meant that she “may still [sic] unable to fully
understand the purpose of the… stimulation and what kind of response she
should take [sic].” 376

##### Foot Note 376

×

NE Day 15, p 21 at lines 23-27.

Dr Guo went on to opine that given the Complainant’s sedated state, it would
have been almost impossible to do certain acts which Ridhwan alleged that she
did (see [227] below):

(a) bend her knees and use her hands to push her panties down to her feet; 377

##### Foot Note 377

×

NE Day 15, p 28 at lines 18-24.

(b) engage in voluntary sexual intercourse; 378

##### Foot Note 378

×

NE Day 15, p 28 at lines 25-32.

(c) guide another’s penis with her hand towards her vagina; 379

##### Foot Note 379

×

NE Day 15, p 29 at lines 11-13.

or

(d) pull the waist of another towards her. 380

##### Foot Note 380

×

NE Day 15, p 29 at lines 17-29.

198 Dr Guo also gave evidence that the Complainant could not have been
suffering from anterograde amnesia at the time she woke up as anterograde
amnesia would end once a person fell asleep. 381

##### Foot Note 381

×

NE Day 16, p 21 at lines 7-11.

Against this, Dr Winslow’s evidence was that the Complainant could still have
been suffering from anterograde amnesia after waking up. 382

##### Foot Note 382

×

NE Day 37, p 15

199 Under cross-examination, Dr Guo accepted that his opinion that the
Complainant was in a state of “severe sedation” between 6am and 9am on 26
January 2014 was primarily based on the Complainant’s account of her condition
taken together with her estimated BAC levels. 383

##### Foot Note 383

×

NE Day 16, p 78 at lines 10-26.

However, if Ridhwan’s account of events was accurate, Dr Guo would revise his
assessment of the Complainant’s condition to one of a milder state of
intoxication. 384

##### Foot Note 384

×

NE Day 16, p 80 at lines 18-32.

This milder state of intoxication would be more in line with Dr Guo’s estimate
of the Complainant’s BAC levels. It would also not have been nearly impossible
for the Complainant to perform the acts stated above at [197]. 385

##### Foot Note 385

×

NE Day 16, p 81 at lines 1-32, p 82 at lines 1-13.

200 Dr Winslow testified that given the estimate of the Complainant’s BAC
levels between 6am and 9am on 26 January 2014, it was likely that she would
have been able to voluntarily partake in the sexual acts alleged by Ridhwan
(see below at [227]) and have no memory of it. 386

##### Foot Note 386

×

NE Day 37, pp 27-28.

However, Dr Winslow also accepted that if the Complainant’s account of events
were true, it was likely that she was still “stuporous… floating in and out of
being so slightly awake” and possessed impaired motor skills. 387

##### Foot Note 387

×

NE Day 37, p 45 at lines 16-26.

201 Similar to my findings in respect of the alleged offences in the bathroom,
I am unable to draw any definitive conclusion from the expert witness
testimony except that neither the Complainant’s nor Ridhwan’s account can be
ruled out. If the Complainant’s recount of her physical condition at the time
of the alleged offences was true, many of the acts which Ridhwan alleged that
she committed would have been difficult, if not impossible. 388

##### Foot Note 388

×

NE Day 15, p 28 at lines 18-24; Day 37, p 47 at lines 16 to p 48 at line 6.

The converse would be true if Ridhwan’s version was correct. Both Dr Guo and
Dr Winslow broadly accepted that the clinical manifestations of the
Complainant are the most determinative factor. 389

##### Foot Note 389

×

NE Day 37, pp 32-33 at line 31 to p 33 at line 4.

202 The effect of the expert testimony is that the precise time at which the
sexual encounter between Ridhwan and the Complainant took place is not
material in the circumstances. As I understand it, the parties’ focus on the
timing of the sexual encounter with Ridhwan was mainly due to the fact that
this would affect the Complainant’s estimated BAC levels, and correspondingly
the likelihood of her being severely intoxicated and unable to consent. In the
light of the joint conclusion that clinical manifestations are a better
assessor of a person’s level of intoxication (see [144] above) and the
limitations of the BAC estimates in this case (see [141] above), I do not
think that a definitive finding on this issue was crucial to the outcome of
the case.

203 For completeness, I add that I have some difficulty accepting Dr Guo’s
evidence that anterograde amnesia would cease the moment the person suffering
from one fell asleep and would not re-occur when that person awoke. Dr
Winslow, on the other hand, stated that anterograde amnesia does not
necessarily cease when a person falls asleep. 390

##### Foot Note 390

×

NE Day 37, p 15 at lines 24-27.

I find that Dr Guo’s position is somewhat at odds with some of the medical
literature he cited in his reports, which stated that anterograde amnesia had
been recorded lasting as long as three days, 391

##### Foot Note 391

×

See Exhibit P180D at p 189.

and his admission at trial that anterograde amnesia could last as long as
three days. 392

##### Foot Note 392

×

NE Day 16, p 35 at lines 13-21.

If Dr Guo’s evidence is to be accepted, this will mean that the subjects in
the study did not sleep for a period of 72 hours and there is nothing to
suggest that here. In the circumstances, I am not prepared to accept that the
Complainant’s anterograde amnesia, if she was indeed suffering from it, ceased
the moment she fell asleep on the morning of 26 January 2014.

(2) Complainant’s account

204 I turn now to assess the Complainant’s testimony on what had occurred in
the living room. As I alluded to above (at [111]-[117]), I do not think that
it is necessary for the Prosecution to establish that the Complainant was an
unusually convincing witness.

205 The Complainant’s account was that while she only remembered flashes of
the events that transpired in the living room as she kept falling asleep. She
had a vague idea of what was happening around her during the alleged sexual
assault and tried to indicate that she did not consent, but she was too weak
to resist. 393

##### Foot Note 393

×

NE Day 1, p 59 at lines 16-26, pp 60-61.

In particular, the Complainant testified that:

(a) It was dark in the Room when she woke up. 394

##### Foot Note 394

×

NE Day 1, p 55 at lines 24-26.

She was lying between Faris on her right and Ridhwan on her left, with her
panties removed. 395

##### Foot Note 395

×

NE Day 1, p 55 at lines 27-30, p 57 at lines 1-11.

The three of them were sharing a blanket. 396

##### Foot Note 396

×

NE Day 1, p 58 at lines 4-5.

The Complainant felt someone “fingering” her vagina and concluded it was Faris
as he was facing her and staring at her. 397

##### Foot Note 397

×

NE Day 1, p 59 at line 3.

The Complainant was aware of what Faris was allegedly doing and was able to
attempt to push his hand away, although she was not able to exert much
strength in doing so and eventually fell asleep. 398

##### Foot Note 398

×

NE Day 1, p 59 at lines 16-17.

(b) The Complainant was then awakened by a feeling of pain in her anus. She
suspected that it was a penis which was being inserted into her anus and that
Ridhwan was responsible as she was facing Faris and Ridhwan was behind her.
399

##### Foot Note 399

×

NE Day 1, p 60 at lines 4-26.

The Complainant testified that she shook her head to demonstrate her
unwillingness to partake in the alleged sexual activity. 400

##### Foot Note 400

×

NE Day 1, p 60 at lines 1-3, p 61 at lines 1-13.

She then remembered Ridhwan being on top of her while he was inserting his
penis into her vagina. 401

##### Foot Note 401

×

NE Day 1, p 62 at lines 1-10.

Ridhwan also sucked her nipples. 402

##### Foot Note 402

×

NE Day 1, p 63 at lines 19-23.

(c) The Complainant’s next memory was of overhearing a conversation in the
living room between Ridhwan and Faris where the former said “I pity her” in
Malay and the latter agreed. 403

##### Foot Note 403

×

NE Day 1, p 64 at lines 6-9; PBOD p 149.

She pretended to continue to sleep before she felt Faris’ head on her “tummy”.
404

##### Foot Note 404

×

NE Day 1, p 67 at lines 10-13.

Eventually, the Complainant pulled up her panties and went to the bathroom on
the second floor. 405

##### Foot Note 405

×

NE Day 1, p 68 at lines 18-25.

She subsequently left the Duxton Hotel with Fadly and Hazly. 406

##### Foot Note 406

×

NE Day 1, p 74 at lines 4-7.

206 Ridhwan submitted that there were material inconsistencies in the
Complainant’s testimony: 407

##### Foot Note 407

×

Ridhwan’s closing submissions at pp 30-34.

(a) The Complainant was uncertain as to the precise sequence of sexual acts
with Ridhwan. During her examination-in-chief, she testified that Ridhwan
first inserted his penis into her anus and then climbed on top of her to have
sexual intercourse. At some point, Ridhwan also sucked her nipples. 408

##### Foot Note 408

×

NE Day 1, pp 60-63.

However, under cross-examination, she said that she was unsure whether the
sexual intercourse or anal penetration came first. 409

##### Foot Note 409

×

NE Day 4, p 44 at lines 23-25.

(b) The Complainant could not give evidence on the details such as how her
body was positioned when Ridhwan was sucking her nipples and how long she felt
the pain in the anus last for.

(c) The Complainant was unable to recall whether she had put on her panties
before or after she allegedly heard Ridhwan say “I pity her” in Malay.

(d) The Complainant gave evidence that Faris had laid his head on her “tummy”,
but admitted under cross-examination that she could not definitively confirm
this.

207 I agree with Ridhwan that the Complainant’s evidence was not entirely
satisfactory as she was uncertain as to and/or unable to recall the material
details of the assault such as whether the digital-anal penetration or sexual
intercourse took place first. 410

##### Foot Note 410

×

NE Day 4, p 44 at lines 23-25.

208 However, I do not agree with Ridhwan’s submission that the Complainant had
in fact consented to the sexual acts but simply could not remember having done
so because she was suffering from anterograde amnesia. 411

##### Foot Note 411

×

Ridhwan’s closing submissions at para 97.

This is so even though I was prepared to accept that it was possible that she
could have suffered from anterograde amnesia after waking up (see [203]
above). First, the experts’ evidence concerning the issue of anterograde
amnesia was largely premised on a person being in complete anterograde
amnesia. In that regard, since the Complainant did have some recollection of
the sexual activity with Ridhwan in the living room, she could not have been
in such a state of complete anterograde amnesia. 412

##### Foot Note 412

×

See Exhibit P181 at para 3.

Second, while there is some evidence of a state called the “fragmentary
blackout”, 413

##### Foot Note 413

×

See, for instance, Exhibit P181 at para 3.

this was not seriously pursued in trial and the expert testimony on the point
was piecemeal. More pertinently, for reasons which will become apparent, I am
of the view that Ridhwan’s account of the Complainant’s alleged active
physical participation in the sexual activity with him (see [227] below) is
inconsistent with the Complainant’s actual physical state at the material
time. She was weak and unable even to resist falling asleep despite her
awareness that she was being sexually violated. Therefore, even if the
Complainant was suffering anterograde amnesia, that still does not advance
Ridhwan’s present case.

209 Ridhwan further sought to undermine the Complainant’s testimony by
referring to four aspects of her post-offence conduct. I am not persuaded that
they materially undermine the credibility of the Complainant.

210 First, Ridhwan drew the court’s attention to the Complainant’s testimony
that she had remained in the Room for some time after she awoke in the morning
after the alleged offences (see [205] above). Ridhwan submitted that this was
implausible for someone who had just been the victim of a sexual assault. 414

##### Foot Note 414

×

Ridhwan’s closing submissions at para 43.

Had she been a genuine victim of sexual assault, he argued, she would not have
remained in the Room after having woken up, or had the “presence of mind and
awareness” to “pretend to sleep” to overhear what her alleged assailants were
saying. 415

##### Foot Note 415

×

Ridhwan’s closing submissions at paras 44-46.

Against this, the Complainant’s testimony was that she felt confused, ashamed
and afraid at that time. 416

##### Foot Note 416

×

NE Day 4, p 74.

211 For reasons I have explained at [184] above, I do not agree that much
could be made of this single aspect of Complainant’s post-offence conduct.

212 Second, the Complainant was captured on CCTV to have left the Duxton Hotel
at about 9.58am on 26 January 2014. The CCTV footage was played in court
before the Prosecution’s expert witness, Dr Guo, who opined that the
Complainant at one point could be observed walking with an unsteady gait. 417

##### Foot Note 417

×

NE Day 16, pp 91-92.

The Prosecution relied on this while the Defence denied that such unsteadiness
was observable. Having watched the CCTV footage myself, I am unable to tell
whether the Complainant was walking unsteadily at any point. The resolution of
the footage was not sufficiently clear. Furthermore, it would be doubtful how
much weight should be given to an unsteady gait at that time unless the
unsteady gait was so obvious as to support a suggestion that she was still in
some state of sedation in the living room.

213 The third aspect relates to the numerous text messages exchanged between
the Complainant and her friends, including Affandi, after the Complainant left
the Duxton Hotel. These messages suggest that the Complainant was attempting
to piece together the events which occurred on 25 and 26 January 2014. While
she was unsure of what exactly had transpired and did not document the
specific allegations in these messages, they make clear that she suspected
that she had been sexually violated by multiple men, including Faris and
Ridhwan. 418

##### Foot Note 418

×

PBOD pp 144-145, pp 66-186, pp 27-39, pp 1-26, pp 40-64.

214 Ridhwan submitted that some of the Complainant’s text messages
contradicted her evidence in court. For instance, the Complainant texted one
of her friends that “[t]he last thing [she] could remember [was] when [she
was] sitting in the sofa”. 419

##### Foot Note 419

×

PBOD p 45.

This was held out as contradicting the Complainant’s testimony in court, where
she gave evidence as to flashes of events which she remembered. It was also
suggested that if the Complainant had not consented to the sexual acts with
Ridhwan, she would have informed her friends of this contemporaneously. 420

##### Foot Note 420

×

Ridhwan’s closing submissions at para 53.

215 I agree that there is some inconsistency between the Complainant’s
testimony in court and the text messages which she sent to her friends shortly
after the alleged offences. For instance, her text message that she was unable
to remember any of the events following her sitting down on the sofa 421

##### Foot Note 421

×

PBOD p 45.

appeared to be inconsistent with her testimony in court that she remembered
flashes of the sexual acts with Ridhwan and Faris when she woke up. 422

##### Foot Note 422

×

NE Day 4, p 73 at lines 21-26.

However, the more important consideration is that little weight can be placed
on the point that she did not specifically mention the issue of lack of
consent in the text messages. One, I am of the view that her absence of
consent is clear from the overall context and tonality of her text messages.
If she had been of the view that she had consented to the sexual activity, she
would not have described herself as a victim of sexual assault. Two, and in
any event, the Complainant was at the time of the text messages only trying to
piece together an account of what had occurred.

216 The fourth aspect relates to the Complainant’s post-offence medical
examinations. In total, the Complainant went for three such examinations. The
first took place on 28 January 2014 at the Emergency Department of the
National University Hospital with Dr Shakina Rauff (“Dr Rauff”). The second
and third took place on 25 April 2014 and 5 May 2014 at the IMH with Dr Cai
Yiming (“Dr Cai”).

217 Dr Rauff’s medical report dated 25 July 2014 stated that the Complainant
“was calm… looked well and her mental state was normal”. The report recorded
the following information which the Complainant provided at the medical
examination on 28 January 2014: 423

##### Foot Note 423

×

AB pp 16-17.

(a) The Complainant could not remember how much alcohol she drank but knew
that after a few drinks she “got drunk and passed out”.

(b) The Complainant could not recall what happened after she passed out except
that there were people touching her “below” which she believed was Faris and
another male.

(c) There was digital-vaginal penetration and digital-anal penetration by
Faris.

(d) There was penile-vaginal and penile-anal penetration by another unknown
assailant, but the Complainant could not confirm if ejaculation had occurred.

(e) The Complainant woke up at around 8am on 26 January 2014 with her
underwear taken off and two men sleeping beside her.

218 According to Dr Cai’s medical report and clinical notes dated 7 May 2014,
424

##### Foot Note 424

×

PBOD pp 19-22; Exhibit P182.

the Complainant had told him that:

(a) She vaguely remembered being in the bathroom vomiting while accompanied by
one or two of Fadly’s friends and lying on the floor just beside the water
closet.

(b) A male person inserted his penis into her anus and had sexual intercourse
with her “front and back”, and also hugged and kissed her.

(c) Faris “finger[ed]” her private parts.

219 Dr Cai also opined that the Complainant demonstrated signs and symptoms
suggestive of post-traumatic stress disorder. 425

##### Foot Note 425

×

NE Day 8, p 11 at lines 26-27.

220 It seems that the Complainant’s oral testimony is not entirely consistent
with the medical report of Dr Rauff dated 25 July 2014. In the medical report,
Dr Rauff recorded an allegation of digital-anal penetration by Faris. Dr Rauff
testified that this answer came from the Complainant and that she had simply
recorded it down. 426

##### Foot Note 426

×

NE Day 7, p 63 at lines 23-30.

However, at trial, the Complainant did not give evidence about any act of
digital-anal penetration by Faris. The Complainant also testified that she did
not remember telling Dr Rauff about such an instance of digital-anal
penetration by Faris. 427

##### Foot Note 427

×

NE Day 3, p 18 at lines 16-28.

Further, in so far as Dr Cai’s report was concerned, the Complainant clarified
in court that the “unknown assailant” she had referred to was Ridhwan, but
conceded that she was not certain that there had been penile-anal penetration.
428

##### Foot Note 428

×

NE Day 4, p 43 at lines 9-29.

221 Nevertheless, I am of the view that the Complainant was not lying. The
inconsistencies arose from her difficulty in trying to recollect some aspects
of the past including what she had said to third parties. In my view, the
Complainant was a candid witness on the stand who was trying to give her
evidence as best she could.

222 I add that Ridhwan also submitted that the Complainant might have motives
to falsely accuse Ridhwan of the alleged offences. This was based on: (a) the
Complainant’s concern about her reputation; and (b) the Complainant genuinely
not remembering that she had consented to the sexual activity and could not
accept that she had done so. 429

##### Foot Note 429

×

Ridhwan’s reply submissions at paras 14-15.

223 I do not understand the second reason. If the Complainant genuinely could
not remember that she had consented to the sexual activity, and would not
accept that she had consented, that does not constitute a motive to falsely
accuse Ridhwan. Even if the Complainant had incorrectly thought that she did
not consent, when in fact she did consent, this would have been due to her
condition at the material time. It is not a false motive as a false motive
suggests that she knew otherwise but nevertheless chose to falsely accuse
Ridhwan.

224 As for the Complainant’s concern about her reputation, there was no
suggestion in the evidence that she was more concerned about her reputation
then what had actually happened to her. Further, some reputational concern on
the part of an alleged victim regarding an allegation of sexual offence is not
surprising.

225 In my view, Ridhwan had not discharged his evidential burden to raise a
plausible motive for the Complainant to falsely implicate him (see AOF at
[215]-[216]). As mentioned above, I find her to be a candid witness who was
trying to give her evidence as best she could.

226 In any event, this is not a case in which the Prosecution is seeking to
obtain a conviction solely on the testimony on the Complainant. The
Prosecution also relied on the testimonies of other witnesses and the fact
that Ridhwan had lied in his police statements and in his testimony to
corroborate the Complainant’s account. It is to such other evidence that I now
turn.

(3) Ridhwan’s testimony in court

227 I begin with Ridhwan’s account of the relevant events in court, which may
be summarised as follows:

(a) When the Complainant was brought down to the living room after the events
in the bathroom, she was able to do so unassisted with Fadly standing behind
her to catch her if she was about to fall. 430

##### Foot Note 430

×

NE Day 34, p 68 at lines 2-10.

(b) In the living room, Ridhwan slept next to the Complainant and shared the
same pillow and blanket with her. 431

##### Foot Note 431

×

NE Day 34, p 20 at lines 10-16.

(c) When Ridhwan woke up, he noticed through the window that it was already
broad daylight. 432

##### Foot Note 432

×

NE Day 34, p 21 at lines 20-24.

At this time, the Complainant, who was originally facing Faris, turned around
to face Ridhwan. 433

##### Foot Note 433

×

NE Day 34, p 21 at lines 24-32.

The Complainant then put her right arm around Ridhwan’s neck and “smirked” at
him. Ridhwan looked at the Complainant in the eye and leaned forward to kiss
her. The Complainant reciprocated. 434

##### Foot Note 434

×

NE Day 34, p 22 at lines 9-18.

Ridhwan then pulled down the Complainant’s brassiere and sucked her nipples
before proceeding to digitally penetrate the Complainant’s vagina with his
left middle finger. 435

##### Foot Note 435

×

NE Day 34, p 23 at lines 1-14.

During this time, the Complainant was moaning with pleasure.

(d) Ridhwan followed by pulling down the Complainant’s panties to her knees
and unzipping his own pants. The Complainant removed her panties completely on
her own. This took place while both Ridhwan and the Complainant were still
under the blanket. 436

##### Foot Note 436

×

NE Day 34, p 23 at lines 17-31.

Ridhwan then digitally penetrated the Complainant’s vagina once again with his
left middle finger before trying to insert his penis into her vagina but was
unable to do so because he was facing the Complainant and the position was
“too awkward”. 437

##### Foot Note 437

×

NE Day 34, p 24 at lines 18-25.

Ridhwan pushed the Complainant’s right shoulder and she turned around. He
tried to digitally penetrate the Complainant’s vagina but accidentally
penetrated her anus. 438

##### Foot Note 438

×

NE Day 34, p 25 at lines 12-22.

(e) Ridhwan then tried to insert his penis into the Complainant’s vagina but
was still unable to do so. 439

##### Foot Note 439

×

NE Day 34, p 25 at lines 24-27.

He pulled the Complainant’s left shoulder so that she once again faced him.
Ridhwan once again tried to insert his penis into the Complainant’s vagina but
failed. He only managed to insert his penis into the Complainant’s vagina when
the Complainant pulled his waist towards her, following which he pushed the
Complainant’s right shoulder and climbed on top of her. The Complainant then
guided his penis into her vagina with her hands. 440

##### Foot Note 440

×

NE Day 34, p 26 at lines 6-23.

228 Ridhwan’s evidence was that the sexual intercourse with the Complainant
lasted about five minutes with Ridhwan failing to ejaculate. 441

##### Foot Note 441

×

NE Day 34, p 26 at lines 27-30.

In total, the entire sexual encounter lasted about 15 to 20 minutes. Ridhwan
then laid down beside the Complainant while she put on her panties. 442

##### Foot Note 442

×

NE Day 34, p 28 at lines 11-15.

229 I note that Ridhwan did not put material parts of his evidence to the key
witnesses who were present in court. For instance, although his account was
that the Complainant was supposedly “moaning in pleasure” throughout the
encounter, 443

##### Foot Note 443

×

NE Day 35, p 7, p 8 at line 1.

Faris, who was lying next to the Complainant underneath the same blanket, 444

##### Foot Note 444

×

NE Day 34, p 21 at lines 17-32, p 22 at lines 1-5, p 42 at lines 16-30.

was not asked by Ridhwan’s counsel if he had heard any such moan even though,
as I will elaborate later, Faris was apparently not asleep throughout the
period he was in the living room.

230 For this and other reasons which I will elaborate, I disbelieve Ridhwan’s
account of events in court as it materially contradicts several other pieces
of evidence, including his own police statements.

(4) Ridhwan’s police statements

231 As I mentioned above, the Prosecution relied on three statements given by
Ridhwan to the police (see [32] above). In his 1st and 2nd Statements given on
30 January 2014 and 3 February 2014 respectively, he denied any form of sexual
contact with the Complainant. Ridhwan’s 3rd Statement given on 5 February 2014
admitted to the sexual acts but took the position that they were consensual.
Ridhwan did not challenge the voluntariness of any of his statements.

232 In all three statements provided by Ridhwan, he recorded observations of
the Complainant’s state of intoxication. In his 1st Statement, Ridhwan
mentioned that the Complainant “was drunk”, “unsteady”, and had to be carried
by her arms up to the bathroom before the Group proceeded to Zouk. 445

##### Foot Note 445

×

See Exhibit P214 at para 6.

There were also multiple references to the Complainant being “drunken” and
“knock[ed] out”:

9 I returned to the hotel at around 5.30am… When I reached the hotel room… I
felt the urge to pee. I then went up to the toilet and heard a vomiting voice.
I push the door ajar and… saw the same girl who got drunk earlier vomiting…
The guy that came with the drunken girl did not come back to the hotel after
Zouk.

…

11 [A]round 11.30am or 12 noon we all decided to go home. Faris, Asep and I
left first. Elmi, her girlfriend, the two guys, that drunkard girl was still
inside the hotel room when the three of us left.

…

Q14: Among the group are you able to tell who is the lousiest drinker?

Ans: That drunkard girl. Only she knocks out and vomited.

[emphasis added in italics]

233 Similar references are also found in Ridhwan’s 2nd Statement:

Q1: Can you identify the girl in this photograph (Herein refers: Victim)?

Ans: Yes, she is the drunkard girl at the hotel…

…

234 It is notable that the 2nd Statement contained an explicit denial of
various sexual acts with the Complainant as opposed to an omission to mention
them:

Q51: Did the drunkard girl slept between Farish[sic] and you in the hotel room
that early morning?

Ans: No

…

Q54: What do you have to say to the drunkard girl’s calm [sic] that you had
inserted your penis into her anus from behind and after that you had inserted
your penis into her vagina?

Ans: I did not do that

Q55: Did you kiss the drunkard girl’s lip during those times?

Ans: No

Q56: Did you suck the drunkard girl’s nipples that morning?

Ans: No

Q57: What do you have to say that the drunkard girl claimed that you had
kissed her on the lips and sucked her nipples that morning in the living room?

Ans: I did not do that.

235 Yet at trial, Ridhwan accepted that he did engage in the sexual acts in
question with the Complainant.

236 In his 2nd Statement, Ridhwan also commented on the Complainant’s
condition when she was brought down to the living room from the bathroom:

Q38: What happened to the drunkard girl after she was in the toilet with the
two unknown male guys after 10 minutes?

Ans: They brought her down by guiding her by her arms. She appeared to be
conscious and aware of her surroundings. I cannot remember where the two guys
put girl after that. As for me, I just had some food, smoked and watched TV.
At that time, I was with Acep, Farish [sic], the two unknown guys and the
drunkard girl.

237 Although this statement mentioned that the Complainant “appeared to be
conscious and aware of her surroundings”, it also mentioned that the two
unknown male guys brought her down and that he could not remember where the
two guys put her after that. It suggested that she still needed help to be
brought to some place in the living room.

238 Tellingly, in his 3rd Statement, Ridhwan said that the Complainant had to
be brought down from the second floor to the first floor and “put… to lie
down” at the entrance of the Room:

Q26: When did the drunkard girl come down?

Ans: I know someone brought the girl down and put her to lie down near the
hotel entrance door [emphasis added]. I am not sure when exactly but it was
before I went to sleep beside her.

239 In my view, Ridhwan was not truthful at trial about the extent of the
Complainant’s intoxication when she was subsequently brought down to the
living room from the second floor. In his testimony in court, Ridhwan sought
to portray the Complainant as being able to walk down the spiral staircase
unassisted. In cross-examination, Ridhwan elaborated: 446

##### Foot Note 446

×

NE Day 34, p 16 at lines 28-30.

She went downstairs on her own and Fadly was behind her. She was---he was not
holding to her. He was getting ready to catch her in case she fell---in case
she fall and she’s---in case she’s unsteady…

240 However, this account is contradicted by Ridhwan’s 2nd and 3rd Statements.
In both these statements, he mentioned that she was brought to a spot by
others. The 3rd Statement was even more telling where he said “I know someone
brought the girl down and put her to lie down near the hotel entrance door”.
447

##### Foot Note 447

×

See Exhibit P206 at A26.

The words here are important because it meant that the Complainant was so
sedated that someone had to help to bring her down and also to place her in a
lying position in the living room near the door of the Room. It must be borne
in mind that according to Ridhwan, he had stated the truth in the 3rd
Statement because he wanted to tell the truth after his first two statements.
448

##### Foot Note 448

×

NE Day 35, p 3 at lines 8-11.

Therefore, he would have been even more careful about what he was saying in
the 3rd Statement.

241 When cross-examined on the discrepancy between his police statements and
his version of events at trial on the Complainant’s condition when she was
brought down to the living room from the second floor, Ridhwan explained that
he did not know that he had to be “specific” in his statements. 449

##### Foot Note 449

×

NE Day 34, p 65 at lines 10-13 and 20-23.

I am of the view that this discrepancy cannot be put down to a lack of
specificity. Ridhwan’s statements suggest that the Complainant required
assistance to come down the staircase to the living room and even to lie down.
This is clearly at odds with the version which he asserted at trial – that the
Complainant made her way down on her own, with Fadly only serving as a
failsafe to catch her if she fell. 450

##### Foot Note 450

×

NE Day 34, p 16 at lines 28-30.

The difference is not simply a matter of specificity. Rather, it appears to be
an attempt by Ridhwan to change his position from his earlier incriminating
statements in a bid to bolster his case at trial that the sexual acts were
consensual.

(5) Other witnesses’ accounts

242 In so far as the Complainant’s condition immediately after the alleged
offences in the bathroom and before the alleged offences in the living room
was concerned, Izzati, Fadly and Elmi gave probative testimonies in this
regard (see [162]). To recapitulate, Elmi testified that when the Complainant
was brought down to the living room, she “looked drunk” and was “unconscious”.
451

##### Foot Note 451

×

NE Day 5, p 105 at lines 8-15.

According to Elmi, the Complainant had to be supported by Fadly, who had to
put his right arm on her shoulder and her left arm across his neck to bring
her down to the living room. 452

##### Foot Note 452

×

NE Day 5, p 105 at lines 17-31, p 107 at lines 1-2.

However, Elmi conceded that he did not pause to observe Fadly support the
Complainant all the way down to the living room. 453

##### Foot Note 453

×

NE Day 7, pp 14-15.

243 As for the Complainant’s condition after the alleged offences in the
living room and before she left the Duxton Hotel, Izzati’s evidence was that
in the morning, the Complainant “looked normal” and her “voice tone looks like
cranky”. 454

##### Foot Note 454

×

NE Day 5, p 24 at lines 23-25.

Fadly’s evidence was that the Complainant looked “tired”. 455

##### Foot Note 455

×

NE Day 36, p 17.

Elmi said that the Complainant looked “grumpy and moody”. 456

##### Foot Note 456

×

NE Day 6, p 2 at line 27.

244 Ridhwan sought to cast doubt on Elmi’s testimony, asserting that there
were material inconsistencies in his testimony and that he ought not to be
believed. 457

##### Foot Note 457

×

Ridhwan’s closing submissions at para 74.

It was alleged that Elmi contradicted himself in his evidence-in-chief by
first stating that the Complainant “looked drunk” and was helped out of the
bathroom with Fadly “supporting her shoulder”, but subsequently saying that
the Complainant was “unconscious”. 458

##### Foot Note 458

×

Ridhwan’s closing submissions at para 74.

Elmi also allegedly could not recall facts such as what about the
Complainant’s face “made her look drunk” and whether he had knocked on the
bathroom door before asking Fadly to bring the Complainant out of the
bathroom. 459

##### Foot Note 459

×

Ridhwan’s closing submissions at paras 74(a)-(b).

It was further alleged that Elmi’s first statement to the police on 29 January
2014, where he said that the Complainant looked “sober” when she came out of
the bathroom, was more accurate. 460

##### Foot Note 460

×

Ridhwan’s closing submissions at paras 74(c)-(d).

245 In my view, it is clear that Elmi had used the words “drunk” and
“unconscious” interchangeably. 461

##### Foot Note 461

×

NE Day 5, p 105 at lines 10-15.

I also do not find the facts which Elmi could not recall as being material
such as to undermine his credibility. I have discussed my reasons for
accepting Elmi’s testimony in court notwithstanding his admission that he had
lied to the police in his earlier statement (see [164] above). 462

##### Foot Note 462

×

NE Day 7, p 32 at lines 1-7.

Taken together with the evidence of Izzati and Fadly, I am of the view that
the witnesses’ observations as to the Complainant’s state of intoxication and
the manner in which she was helped out of the bathroom and down to the living
room remain highly probative and they serve as corroboration of the
Complainant’s account of her condition at the time of the alleged offences in
the living room.

246 I should add that although some time had passed between the time of the
offences in the bathroom and the time of the offences in the living room (see
[193] above), the witnesses’ observations as to the former time frame remain
relevant as they provide an important reference point against which the
accounts of the Complainant and Ridhwan as to the latter time frame can be
weighed. Further, as I have explained, the issue of precise timing of the
living room offences is not dispositive because the case does not turn on the
estimations of the Complainant’s BAC level at the material time.

247 Therefore, I am of the view that Ridhwan’s testimony at trial about the
Complainant’s condition is further contradicted by the independent eyewitness
evidence of Elmi, Izzati and Fadly.

(6) Ridhwan’s post-offence conduct

248 I turn now to a further reason why the credibility of Ridhwan’s testimony
in court was materially compromised. It transpired that after the alleged
offences occurred and the accused persons found out that the police was
involved, Ridhwan conspired with Asep and Faris to deny that any sexual acts
with the Complainant had taken place. 463

##### Foot Note 463

×

NE Day 35, p 33 at lines 14-26.

In text messages exchanged between Ridhwan and Asep, they agreed that their
stories should “link up” and that they would say that they did not “do
anything”. 464

##### Foot Note 464

×

NE Day 35, p 32 at lines 20-29.

Ridhwan subsequently deleted these text messages in an attempt to prevent the
Police from discovering them if his phone was searched. 465

##### Foot Note 465

×

NE Day 35, p 39 at lines 8-11.

He then acted on this plan when questioned by the police. In his 1st and 2nd
Statements, Ridhwan flatly denied any sexual act with the Complainant. It was
only in his 3rd Statement that he confessed that the sexual acts had taken
place, albeit with the claim that the acts had been consensual.

249 When confronted with these falsehoods at trial, Ridhwan explained that he
had decided to lie in his initial statements out of fear and because he was
afraid that the police would not believe him if he told the truth of the
alleged consensual sexual encounter. 466

##### Foot Note 466

×

NE Day 35, p 34 at lines 1-10.

Ridhwan also claimed that he did not want to jeopardise Asep’s case as he had
agreed with him to proffer a bare denial of any sexual contact with the
Complainant. 467

##### Foot Note 467

×

NE Day 34, p 38 at lines 10-16.

250 To my mind, this is not a situation where Ridhwan’s seemingly innocuous
explanation could be accepted. Upon receiving notice that the police were
investigating the events that transpired at the Duxton Hotel, Ridhwan’s first
reaction was to contact Asep and Faris in order to coordinate their stories.
468

##### Foot Note 468

×

NE Day 34, p 31.

Ridhwan further had the presence of mind to delete any incriminating messages
on his phone with Asep discussing their plans prior to his arrest. 469

##### Foot Note 469

×

NE Day 35, pp 38-39.

This was a calculated attempt on Ridhwan’s part to prevent the police from
finding out that he had any sexual contact with the Complainant. It does not
strike me as the actions of a person motivated by fear of being wrongfully
accused of a crime he did not commit. There was no explanation as to why he
thought that the police would not believe him if the Complainant had consented
to their sexual encounter. This point also applies to Faris and Asep for the
alleged offences in the bathroom, ie, there was no explanation of why they
were afraid that the police might not believe them if they had simply stated
from the outset that the Complainant had consented to the sexual acts.

(7) Inference from lies

251 The fact that an accused person has lied may in certain limited
circumstances amount to corroboration because it indicates a consciousness of
guilt (Public Prosecutor v Yeo Choon Poh [1993] 3 SLR(R) 302, citing R v Lucas
(Ruth) [1981] QB 720 (“Lucas”)). The requirements for such corroboration were
set out in Lucas at 724F:

To be capable of amounting to corroboration the lie told out of court must
first of all be deliberate. Secondly it must relate to a material issue.
Thirdly the motive for the lie must be a realisation of guilt and a fear of
the truth… Fourthly the statement must be clearly shown to be a lie by…
admission or by [independent] evidence…

252 On the facts, I have no hesitation in concluding that Ridhwan’s multiple
lies satisfied the test in Lucas and are capable of corroborating the
Complainant’s testimony against him. Ridhwan lied in relation to at least two
material issues. First, in relation to whether there was sexual contact
between the Complainant and him, Ridhwan had denied any form of sexual contact
in both his 1st and 2nd Statements. Second, on the Complainant’s condition
when she was brought down to the living room from the bathroom, I have found
that he had clearly lied in his testimony in court when that evidence is
compared with his police statements and the evidence of other witnesses. These
lies were clearly deliberate and related to an important fact in issue,
namely, whether the Complainant had the capacity to consent to the sexual acts
with him.

253 What is also damning is the fact that Ridhwan conspired with both Asep and
Faris to lie to the police and deny any form of sexual contact with the
Complainant. To this end, Ridhwan also deleted incriminating messages from his
phone prior to his arrest. To my mind, the inference of guilt from such series
of conduct is irresistible and I do not accept his explanation that he had
done so out of fear that he would not be believed if he had told the truth. No
specific criminal allegation had yet been made against him at the time. Nor
was there any indication that he would not be believed if he had told the
truth. While I accept that not every lie warrants an inference of guilt, the
calculated nature of Ridhwan’s demonstrable falsehoods sufficient persuades me
that this is an appropriate case to draw such an inference. At the very least,
Ridhwan’s lies meant that he was an untrustworthy witness whose testimony
ought not to be accepted.

Conclusion on the 2nd and 3rd Charges

254 For the foregoing reasons, I am of the view that the totality of the
evidence compels me to the conclusion that the Complainant did not have the
requisite capacity to consent to the sexual acts with Ridhwan at the material
time. The facts of the case fell within category (d) of the guidelines on
consent identified in Pram Nair at [96] (see [119] above). As the
Complainant’s own evidence suggests, she had limited awareness of what was
transpiring and she could not resist falling asleep during the sexual acts
with Ridhwan. The Complainant’s severe state of intoxication at that time,
corroborated by Ridhwan’s police statements, other witnesses’ accounts, and
Ridhwan’s post-offence conspiracy to cover up and other lies, demonstrate that
she had lacked the ability to decide whether to engage in any sexual activity
with him. In so far as Ridhwan’s testimony in court presented a different
account, I disbelieve it as a fabrication arising out of a wholly self-serving
attempt to escape criminal liability.

255 I add that even if the Complainant had the capacity to consent to the
sexual acts with Ridhwan, I would find beyond a reasonable doubt that she did
not in fact consent to such acts for the same reasons as I have mentioned.

256 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the Prosecution has proved the 2nd
Charge of rape under s 375(1)(a) punishable under s 375(2) of the PC, and the
3rd Charge of outrage of modesty punishable under s 354(1) of the PC, against
Ridhwan beyond a reasonable doubt.

Defence of mistake of fact

257 The second issue which relates to all three charges against Ridhwan is
whether the defence of mistake of fact under s 79 of the PC is made out.
Ridhwan alleged that he had mistakenly believed that the Complainant had
consented to sexual intercourse with him at the material time. On the totality
of the evidence, I am of the view that he has failed to prove the defence on a
balance of probabilities.

258 First, most of the factual premise on which Ridhwan relied to substantiate
his defence arose out of his testimony in court, which I have set out at [227]
above and which I disbelieve.

259 Second, Ridhwan also relied on the premise that it “had been so long since
she had her last cup of alcohol and hours [had] passed. She had slept and she
had vomited a lot of times.” I accept the undisputed expert evidence that the
Complainant’s BAC levels may be lowered by vomiting and the effluxion of time.
470

##### Foot Note 470

×

NE Day 16, p 7 at lines 1-3.

However, as I stated at [122]-[124], an element of the defence is that the
mistake must be made in good faith, which requires due care and attention on
the part of the accused person seeking to invoke the defence. On the facts,
even if Ridhwan was in fact mistaken as to the Complainant’s consent, he
cannot be said to have been labouring under such a mistake in good faith. I
have found that the Complainant was still severely intoxicated when she was
brought down to the living room after the offences committed in the bathroom.
Indeed, the Complainant had to be helped down by another person to the living
room and be placed into a lying position on the ground. Ridhwan was aware of
the Complainant’s condition at that time. I have also rejected Ridhwan’s
account that the Complainant had actively propositioned him for sexual
activity later that morning. In that light, I am of the view that the
initiation of a sexual encounter with the Complainant when she was known to be
so intoxicated, purely on the basis that she had vomited and not consumed
alcohol for some time, cannot without more satisfy the requisite due care and
attention to sustain the defence of mistake of fact.

260 I add that the instant case can be distinguished from Ong Mingwee, where
the High Court found that the defence of mistake of fact was made out on the
basis that the complainant there had, amongst other things, boarded a taxi
with the accused, chose not to leave the accused bedroom although she was not
restrained, spoke with her mother on the phone and passed the phone to the
accused, and she did not protest during sexual intercourse. On my findings,
the Complainant was not in a state to have chosen to leave or to physically
resist sexual activity with Ridhwan, and in that context, nothing can be
inferred from her absence to protest which stemmed more from an inability to
do so than a choice not to do so.

Mens rea for the 1st Charge

261 I turn now to discuss the two issues specific to the 1st Charge.

262 Ridhwan’s first specific defence in relation to the 1st Charge was that he
did not possess the requisite mens rea. Ridhwan accepted that he had digitally
penetrated the Complainant’s anus “two or three times”. 471

##### Foot Note 471

×

NE Day 34, p 91 at lines 29-31.

However, he claimed that he had intended to digitally penetrate the
Complainant’s vagina and had only digitally penetrated her anus by accident
because they were underneath a blanket. 472

##### Foot Note 472

×

NE Day 34, p 92 at lines 2-4 and 24-26.

263 The Prosecution submitted that Ridhwan’s explanation was not credible.
One, Ridhwan’s account that the penetration was done while the Complainant was
lying on her stomach as he searched for her vagina with his finger was
illogical. 473

##### Foot Note 473

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions at para 268.

Having turned the Complainant around to lie on her stomach, the logical
inference was that he had wanted an easier way to digitally penetrate the
Complainant’s anus. Two, given that Ridhwan had by his own admission digitally
penetrated the Complainant’s vagina earlier on the same morning, 474

##### Foot Note 474

×

NE Day 34, p 93 at lines 28-29.

and had also had similar prior sexual experiences in his private life, 475

##### Foot Note 475

×

NE Day 34, p 93 at lines 21-27.

he could not possibly have unknowingly penetrated the Complainant’s anus
multiple times completely by accident. 476

##### Foot Note 476

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions at paras 268-271.

264 I do not accept Ridhwan’s argument that he lacked the requisite mens rea
for the 1st Charge. In my view, it is extremely unlikely that one could have
unintentionally penetrated the wrong bodily orifice on multiple instances with
a finger. This was especially so for someone in Ridhwan’s position who was
reasonably experienced in such matters.

Defence of accident for the 1st Charge

265 It is not entirely clear if the defence of accident under s 80 of the PC
is being relied on by Ridhwan, but for completeness, I would add in any event
that this defence is not made out on the facts. For ease of reference, s 80 of
the PC is set out as follows:

80\. Nothing is an offence which is done by accident or misfortune, and
without criminal intention or knowledge, in the doing of a lawful act in a
lawful manner, by lawful means, and with proper care and caution.

266 Given the fact that Ridhwan had digitally penetrated the Complainant’s
anus without her consent on multiple instances, and my finding that he had
done so with the requisite intention to digitally penetrate her anus, there is
no basis to find that the defence of accident has been proven on a balance of
probabilities.

Conclusion on the 1st Charge

267 In the circumstances, the Prosecution has proved the 1st Charge against
Ridhwan for sexual assault by penetration under s 376(2)(a) of the PC and
punishable under s 376(3) of the same beyond a reasonable doubt, and no valid
defence operated.

5th Charge – Faris, living room, digital-vaginal penetration

268 Finally, I turn back to Faris who faces an additional charge under s
376(3) of the PC for penetrating the Complainant’s vagina with his finger
without her consent, while in the living room of the Room. The relevant
provision has been set out above at [169].

269 The Prosecution submitted that the court should find that Faris had
digitally penetrated the Complainant’s vagina on the basis of her evidence and
Faris’ 1st and 2nd Statements.

270 Faris’ defence was a denial of the actus reus. He denied that he had
penetrated the Complainant’s vagina with his finger. He sought to show that
the Complainant’s testimony was not unusually convincing as it was riddled
with inconsistencies. 477

##### Foot Note 477

×

Faris’ reply submissions at paras 10-17.

He also submitted that the Complainant may have mistaken Ridhwan’s finger for
Faris’ and that she may have confabulated certain aspects of her testimony.
478

##### Foot Note 478

×

Faris’ reply submissions at paras 28-29.

271 The main issues before the Court are therefore as follows:

(a) whether Faris had digitally penetrated the Complainant’s vagina;

(b) whether the Complainant was capable of consenting to digital-vaginal
penetration by Faris; and

(c) if the Complainant was capable of giving such consent, whether she did in
fact consent to digital-vaginal penetration by Faris.

272 Similar to my analysis above, I am of the view that this is not a charge
where the unusually convincing standard applies. The Prosecution does not base
its case solely on the testimony of the Complainant (see [111]-[117] above;
AOF at [111]). Expert opinion and both the 1st and 2nd Statements of Faris
were relied upon to corroborate the Complainant’s version of events.

Digital-vaginal penetration

(1) Expert opinions

273 Dealing first with the expert evidence, the main points with respect to
the expert evidence have been mentioned above at [196] to [203]. However, in
respect of the argument made by Faris that the Complainant may have
confabulated certain aspects of her testimony, the unchallenged evidence of Dr
Guo and Dr Winslow was that this was a condition which afflicted persons with
a long history of drinking. 479

##### Foot Note 479

×

NE Day 16, p 27 at lines 3-32; Day 37, p 49 at lines 6-21.

As it was not alleged that the Complainant had a long history of drinking, I
do not think that the expert evidence could itself constitute a basis to find
that the Complainant had confabulated.

(2) Complainant’s account

274 The Complainant testified that she felt fingers being inserted into her
vagina as she drifted in and out of consciousness in the living room. 480

##### Foot Note 480

×

NE Day 1, p 59 at lines 1-3.

At that time of such penetration, she was facing Faris and Faris was looking
at her. She therefore concluded that Faris was the one responsible for the
penetration. 481

##### Foot Note 481

×

NE Day 1, p 58 at lines 19-30, p 59 at lines 1-7.

She tried to push Faris away with her hand but only managed to do so weakly,
as her eyes kept closing and she kept falling asleep. 482

##### Foot Note 482

×

NE Day 1, p 59 at lines 10-30.

275 In my view, there are several notable inconsistencies in the Complainant’s
evidence in relation to this charge. When referred to Dr Rauff for a medical
examination on 28 January 2014, 483

##### Foot Note 483

×

NE Day 7, p 55 at lines 25-31.

the Complainant informed Dr Rauff that Faris had digitally penetrated her
anus. 484

##### Foot Note 484

×

NE Day 7, p 63 at lines 8-32; AB pp 16-17.

However, during cross-examination, the Complainant could not recall having
informed Dr Rauff of this. 485

##### Foot Note 485

×

NE Day 3, p 18 at lines 16-28.

The Complainant also did not testify that Faris had committed an act of
digital-anal penetration even though this was recorded as her account in Dr
Rauff’s medical report (see [217] above).

276 Further, the Complainant’s basis for inferring that Faris, and not anyone
else, had digitally penetrated her vagina was the fact that he was facing her
and looking at her. 486

##### Foot Note 486

×

NE Day 1, pp 58-59.

She did not in fact see him committing the alleged act and was lying between
Faris and Ridhwan 487

##### Foot Note 487

×

NE Day 2, p 108 at lines 22-29.

(3) Faris’ account

277 In so far as his court testimony was concerned, Faris denied having
touched the Complainant’s vagina in the living room on the morning of 26
January 2014 at all. 488

##### Foot Note 488

×

NE Day 27, p 6 at lines 20-29.

Q So Mr Faris, you have told the Court that once you came back from Zouk and
after you came out from the toilet, you had no interest in the girl’s vagina.
What I mean is this, after you came out of the toilet, even though you slept
beside the girl in the living room, you did not touch her vagina at all, is
that your evidence?

A After I went out of the toilet?

Q Yes.

A Yes, Your Honour.

Q So your evidence is that after you came out of the toilet, you did not touch
her vagina at all?

A Yes, Your Honour.

278 Faris’ testimony in court, however, was significantly different from the
account that he had given in his 1st and 2nd Statements. In his 1st Statement,
he admitted to “rubbing” the Complainant’s vagina and stopping only when the
Complainant pushed his hand away. 489

##### Foot Note 489

×

Exhibit P213 at para 14.

Faris also mentioned that the Complainant “looked at [him] blankly”. 490

##### Foot Note 490

×

Exhibit P213 at para 12.

To a limited extent, this was consistent with the testimony of the Complainant
that she and Faris were looking at each other (see [274] above). In his 2nd
Statement, Faris also maintained that he had “rubbed” the Complainant’s
vagina. 491

##### Foot Note 491

×

Exhibit TWT-P12 at p 3.

This was so even though the 2nd Statement was taken some nine months after the
1st Statement, and it afforded him the opportunity to put things straight had
he not been truthful in his 1st Statement.

Conclusion on the 5th Charge

279 Having regard to the totality of the evidence, it is probable that some
sexual act had occurred between Faris and the Complainant in the living room
which was not consensual and which, for reasons I have explained, the
Complainant was not in a position to have consented to. This is borne out of
the similarities between the Complainant’s account of the alleged digital-
vaginal penetration by Faris, and Faris’s own admissions in his police
statements, which were inexplicable and not explained. I therefore disbelieve
Faris’ testimony in court which denied any sexual contact in the living room.

280 However, the fact that the accused person’s testimony in court is rejected
does not necessarily mean that the Prosecution’s burden of proof on the
existing charge is hence satisfied. In particular, two issues about the
evidence troubled me:

(a) First, it is not clear that it was in fact Faris and not Ridhwan who had
digitally penetrated the Complainant’s vagina. In this regard, the
Complainant’s evidence as to the identity of the perpetrator was weak.
Further, Ridhwan’s evidence was also that he had intended to digitally
penetrate the Complainant’s vagina at around the same period of time. While
Ridhwan’s intention is not mutually exclusive with misconduct on Faris’ part,
it does raise a question as to whether this could have been a case of mistaken
identity.

(b) Second, it is not clear as to what in fact had transpired between Faris
and the Complainant. In this regard, even if we take Faris’ police statements
as the true version of his account, those statements only went as far as
admitting to “rubbing” on the outside of the Complainant’s vagina. He did not
say that he had penetrated the Complainant’s vagina. On the Complainant’s
account, there is also the possibility that she was conflating the possible
types of contact. The Complainant’s description of the sexual act in court was
inconsistent, with varying descriptions of Faris’ fingers being “[inserted] on
[her] vagina” 492

##### Foot Note 492

×

NE Day 2, p 108 at lines 9-11.

and “[inserted] into [her] vagina” 493

##### Foot Note 493

×

NE Day 3, p 2 at lines 21-23.

[emphases added]. The fact that the Complainant used the word “on” on several
occasions to describe the sexual contact raised a material doubt as to the
satisfaction of the charge, which was for digital-vaginal penetration.

281 To my mind, the two areas of material uncertainty render it unsafe to
convict Faris on the 5th Charge. Neither the Prosecution nor the Defence had
raised the possibility of a conviction on an alternative charge, and it is
unsafe in the circumstances to say that no prejudice would result to Faris if
he were convicted on a charge of outrage of modesty instead.

Overall conclusion

282 For the foregoing reasons:

(a) I convict Ridhwan on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Charges.

(b) I convict Faris on the 4th Charge and acquit him on the 5th Charge.

(c) I convict Asep on the 6th and 7th Charges.

283 I will hear parties on the issue of sentence.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

For the 1st tranche (2/8/2016 to 19/8/2016):  
Sharmila Sripathy-Shanaz, Charlene Tay Chia, Tan Soo Tet (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Mohamed Niroze Idroos (I.R.B. Law LLP) for the first accused;  
CLAS) for the second accused;  
Ngiam Hian Theng Diana and Sunil Sudheesan  
(Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for the third accused.  
  
For the 2nd tranche (12/9/2017 to 13/10/2017):  
Sharmila Sripathy-Shanaz, Charlene Tay Chia,  
Michael Quilindo and Amanda Chong Wei-Zhen  
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
  
Ng Joel Yuan-Ming, Ngiam Hian Theng Diana and Sunil Sudheesan (Quahe Woo &
Palmer LLC) for the first accused;  
Ng Huiling, Cheryl (Intelleigen Legal LLC) and Khadijah Bte Yasin (CLAS) for
the second accused;  
Tan Chor Hoon Alice and Low Jian Hui (Dew Chambers) for the third accused.  

  
For the 3

rd tranche (23/1/2018 to 26/1/2018):

  

Sharmila Sripathy-Shanaz, Charlene Tay Chia, Michael Quilindo and Amanda Chong
Wei-Zhen  
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
accused;  
Ng Huiling, Cheryl (Intelleigen Legal LLC) for the second accused;  
Tan Chor Hoon Alice and Low Jian Hui (Dew Chambers) for the third accused.  
  
For the 4th tranche (9/4/2018):

  

Sharmila Sripathy-Shanaz, Charlene Tay Chia, Michael Quilindo and Amanda Chong
Wei-Zhen (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Ng Joel Yuan-Ming (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for the first accused;  
Ng Huiling Cheryl (Intelleigen Legal LLC) for the second accused;  
(Dew Chambers) for the third accused.

  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

