Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 199

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9331 of 2018

Between

Arumugam Selvaraj  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

Brief grounds

[Criminal Law] — [Complicity] — [Common intention]

[Criminal Procedure And Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Arumugam Selvaraj

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2019] SGHC 199

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9331 of 2018  
Aedit Abdullah J  
10 May, 22 July, 5 August 2019

28 August 2019

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 These are brief grounds, capturing oral remarks made in dismissing the
Appellant’s appeal against conviction, but allowing his appeal against
sentence.

Introduction

2 In the present case, the Appellant appealed against his conviction after
trial on a charge of voluntarily causing grievous hurt in furtherance of a
common intention with another person, Arumugan Manikandan (“the co-accused”),
to the victim, Muthu Palani Sugumaran (“the victim”), under s 325 read with s
34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”). The Appellant also
appealed against the sentence of ten months’ imprisonment that was imposed on
him.

3 The Appellant argued that the decision below should be reversed as the
offence was not made out. The Appellant was not proven to have had the common
intention to cause the specific injury which was the subject of the charge
against him (ie, an undisplaced fracture of his right middle finger). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s further submissions at para 5.

Despite the best arguments made by counsel, I was of the view that the proper
interpretation was that there only need be common intention to cause the
criminal act (ie, some form of grievous hurt), and not the specific injury
inflicted. However, I concluded that the sentence imposed was manifestly
excessive as inappropriate weight was placed on certain factors, and
accordingly reduced the sentence imposed to seven months’ imprisonment.

Background

4 The Appellant and the co-accused were involved in an altercation with the
victim, after the victim had sounded his lorry’s horn when the Appellant and
co-accused had dashed across a road. Subsequently, the Appellant and co-
accused went after the lorry, which was being driven slowly. The co-accused
caused damage to the lorry by kicking its right side mirror. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) at p 253.

The victim alighted and confronted the Appellant and co-accused. Thereafter, a
fight ensued, with the Appellant and co-accused hitting the victim on his face
and body. After he had fallen to the ground, they stepped on and kicked his
chest, and also kicked his back. In the midst of this, the victim’s right
middle finger was fractured. A passing CISCO officer intervened. The fight
lasted for a total of about two minutes. Aside from the fracture, the victim
was found to have bruising over his face and shoulder and suffered pain. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP at p 255.

5 The co-accused pleaded guilty to and was convicted of a charge of
voluntarily causing hurt in furtherance of a common intention with the
Appellant under s 323 read with s 34 of the Penal Code. A charge of mischief
with common intention under s 426 read with s 34 of the Penal Code was taken
into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROP at p 401.

The co-accused was sentenced to three months’ imprisonment. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROP at p 408.

6 The Appellant faced a total of two charges. The first, which formed the
subject of this appeal, was for voluntarily causing grievous hurt in
furtherance of a common intention under s 325 read with s 34 of the Penal
Code. The second was for committing mischief in furtherance of a common
intention under s 426 read with s 34 of the Penal Code. After trial, he was
convicted of the first charge and acquitted of the second charge, and was
sentenced to ten months’ imprisonment. He appealed against both his conviction
and sentence. The Prosecution did not appeal against his acquittal on the
mischief charge.

Summary of arguments

7 The Appellant argued that the common intention element would only be made
out if it was shown that he had the common intention to inflict the very
injury which was the subject of the charge. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Appellant’s further submissions at para 5.

The Appellant would have to be shown to know that it was almost certain the
primary offender would commit the criminal act in furtherance of the common
intention of all the parties. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Appellant’s further submissions at para 2.

The Appellant argued that the Court of Appeal (“CA”) decision in Daniel Vijay
s/o Katherasan and others v Public Prosecutor [2010] 4 SLR 1119 (“Daniel
Vijay”) was authority for these propositions. He also relied on the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom in R v Jogee [2016] 2 WLR 681
(“Jogee”).

8 The Prosecution argued that Daniel Vijay did not support the arguments made
by the Appellant: the common intention need only be to cause the injury type
contemplated by primary offence (ie, grievous hurt in this case) and not a
specific injury. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Prosecution’s reply submissions at para 2.

The decision on conviction

9 Taking first the application of common intention, the CA in Daniel Vijay did
not go so far as argued by the Appellant’s Counsel. While the CA specified in
Daniel Vijay that what must be in the intention of the secondary offender is
the very criminal act committed by the principal, nothing in that case
stipulated that the criminal act must encompass the specific injury inflicted
by the principal offender.

10 It is important to bear in mind, as submitted by the Prosecution, that the
degree of specificity required will be dictated by the primary offence, and
the actus reus specified for the primary offender. Where the primary offence,
such as s 300(c) of the Penal Code, requires the infliction of a particular
type or nature of injury, it would follow that a secondary offender must also
have the common intention to cause such injury. But where, as is the case
here, the offence is to cause one of a class of injuries, it is not necessary
for there to be a common intention to cause the specific injury that is
covered by the charge; it is sufficient for the Prosecution to show that there
was a common intention to cause an injury falling within the class of injuries
covered by the penal provision (eg, grievous hurt).

11 I noted the various authorities cited by the Appellant. The United Kingdom
approach in Jogee has not been followed in Australia. More significantly, it
has also not been followed in Hong Kong, which shares largely the same body of
criminal law as the United Kingdom. The Appellant’s reading of the United
Kingdom case, that it abolished joint criminal enterprise in English law,
would effectively render s 34 of the Penal Code otiose. That interpretation
was therefore not open to me at all given the contrary approach taken in our
local cases, including the CA’s decision in Daniel Vijay, which was binding on
me. In any event, it would be more accurate to note that the United Kingdom
approach in Jogee really abolished what is termed “parasitic accessory
liability”, under which a secondary offender would be liable for acts of the
primary offender in the course of a joint criminal enterprise if they were
foreseeable. The decision in Jogee did not assist the Appellant; if anything,
it brought the position under English law closer to the approach adopted in
Singapore in interpreting s 34 of the Penal Code.

12 Returning to the present case, I was satisfied that the learned District
Judge correctly found that the case was proven against the Appellant beyond a
reasonable doubt. The evidence against him showed that he and the co-accused
attacked the victim, aggressively inflicted blows on him, and continued to
attack him after he had been pushed to the ground. There were sufficient
grounds for an inference that there was a common intention to cause grievous
hurt as defined in s 320 of the Penal Code. The other findings of evidence
made by the District Judge were warranted by the evidence before her, and the
conviction was safe.

The sentence imposed

13 Turning to the sentence imposed, I was of the view that, in applying the
sentencing framework in Public Prosecutor v BDB [2018] 1 SLR 127, the District
Judge misdirected herself. The degree of harm was correctly identified to be
moderate and at the lower end of the range, but in considering the injuries
caused, I did not consider that the starting point should be as high as eight
months’ imprisonment. Six months’ imprisonment was an appropriate starting
point bearing in mind the fracture suffered here, accompanied by extensive
bruising.

14 The next consideration would then be the interplay of aggravating factors
on that baseline. The Prosecution here and below seems to have set some store
by the existence of an aggravating factor in the attack being a “group
attack”, as well as the length of the attack. While the District Judge stated
that she was careful to bear in mind that there were only two persons
involved, she accepted the labelling of the assault by the Prosecution as a
“group assault”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP at p 273.

On appeal, the Prosecution maintained that characterisation. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Prosecution’s submissions at paras 41-44.

An assault by a group as against that by an individual merits a heavier
sentence, all other things being equal, as such an assault entails a greater
degree of culpability: the victim is outnumbered, and generally overwhelmed.
It may also entail greater harm, through the sheer scale of the injuries
caused. An assault by a group of persons also potentially endangers public
order: mob assaults have a tendency to go out of hand, and lead to other
dangers. But there must be consideration of whether the assault is indeed a
group assault. An attack by five would be by a group, but will also probably
constitute other, more serious, offences. An assault by four would be as well.
That by three, as well, though that may be on the boundaries of the meaning of
the word ‘group’. An assault by two though is on the very edges of such
meaning. It is important then to unbundle the meaning and objective of the
term “group assault”, and to ensure that consideration is given to the fact
that the situation is perhaps different from an assault by a larger number, as
it would be as regards a solo assault. It is in between, and I was of the view
that the sentencing should be undertaken with that in mind.

15 I note that similar problems exist in respect of other labels commonly used
in submissions, such as “premeditation” and “abuse of position”. Care must be
taken not to be carried away with loose labelling.

16 As for the duration of the assault, a two-minute assault is not brief, and
I had no doubt that it was a long two minutes for the victim. But this was not
the sort of attack that attracts the label of viciousness. There are,
unfortunately, many common instances of actual viciousness. The duration and
degree of attack was not such as to push the sentence further along the scale
to the extent identified by the District Judge. On the other side of the coin,
I did take into account that the accused was intoxicated.

17 Taking all of these in mind, I was of the view that a sentence of seven
months’ imprisonment was appropriate, and accordingly so ordered.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Tang Jin Sheng and Aw Jansen (LVM Law Chambers LLC) for the appellant;  
Chew Xin Ying and Tan Yen Seow (Attorney General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

