Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 63

Suit No 654 of 2018

Between

1\. Jumaiah Binte Amir

2\. Mohammad Ezzad Bin Abdul Rahim

… Plaintiffs/Defendants-in-

  

Counterclaim

And

Salim Bin Abdul Rashid

… Defendant/Plaintiff-in-

  
Counterclaim

judgment

[Contract] — [Breach] – [Settlement agreement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Jumaiah bte Amir and Another

  

v

  

Salim bin Abdul Rashid

[2019] SGHC 63

High Court — Suit No 654 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
12 February; 5 March 2019

12 March 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiffs are Jumaiah Binte Amir (“Jumaiah”) and Mohammad Ezzad Bin
Abdul Rahim (“Ezzad”). Jumaiah is the mother of Ezzad and his sister, Eluza
Binte Abdul Rahim (“Eluza”). All three of them were the joint owners of a
house known as 76C Lorong Marzuki (“the Property”). On 30 April 2015, an
agreement to sell the Property for $2.7m to the defendant (“the Initial
Agreement”), Salim Bin Abdul Rashid (“Salim”) fell through. Salim then sued
the plaintiffs for breach of contract in HC/Suit 1266 of 2016 (“Suit 1266”).
It was not disputed that Salim was given possession of the house, and was
allowed to make renovations to the house before the plaintiffs had intended to
convey the Property to him under the Initial Agreement.

2 The parties in Suit 1266 went for mediation before Kan Ting Chiu SJ and
Ramesh s/o Selvaraj to resolve their contractual dispute. A settlement
agreement was eventually signed between Jumaiah, Ezzad and Salim on 10 July
2017 (“the Settlement Agreement”). Eluza did not sign, presumably because she
was a bankrupt at the time.

3 Pursuant to cl 4(a) of the Settlement Agreement, Salim was to purchase the
Property for $3m if he was unable to “source for a purchaser by 31 December
2017”. Clause 5 of the Settlement Agreement provides that if Salim could find
a buyer willing to purchase the Property above $3m, he was entitled to the
purchase money above $3m.

4 Salim’s real estate agent, Mr Abdul Rahim bin Mamyuni (“Rahim”) found a
buyer who was willing to buy the Property for $3.4m (“the Initial Buyer”). The
Initial Buyer changed his mind and withdrew his offer on 7 December 2017.
Later, on 2 January 2018, Salim informed the plaintiffs that he (Salim) had
decided not to purchase the Property. Salim returned vacant possession of the
Property to the plaintiffs on 8 January 2018, and the plaintiffs eventually
sold the property to one Tan De Tong and one Tan Meow Hwee (“the Actual
Buyers”) on 30 April 2018 for $3.38m.

5 The present action in HC/Suit 654 of 2018 was commenced initially in the
State Courts by the plaintiffs for vacant possession of the Property and
payment of rental sums of $9,000 a month from April 2016 to 30 April 2018,
being the date of completion of the sale of the Property.

6 Salim does not dispute that he had to pay the $9,000 rent but claims that
that he only had to pay rent from April 2016 to 8 January 2018, being the date
at which he returned vacant possession of the Property to the plaintiffs. In
addition, Salim raised two counterclaims against the plaintiffs. First, he
claims for the loss of $400,000 which he said would have been the surplus from
the sale of the Property to the Initial Buyer at $3.4m. Second, he claims for
the renovation sums of $286,066.10 he had incurred in renovating the Property.

7 I will first deal with Salim’s counterclaim for the loss of $400,000
allegedly arising from the plaintiffs’ failure to accept the Initial Buyer’s
offer of $3.4m. Salim claims that the Initial Buyer withdrew his offer to buy
the Property at $3.4m because the plaintiffs imposed unnecessary and
unreasonable conditions for the sale. When Salim (through Rahim) found the
Initial Buyer, parties agreed on 30 November 2018 that Salim would vacate the
Property by 3 January 2018 to facilitate the sale of the Property to the
Initial Buyer. Subsequently, on 1 December 2018, the plaintiffs demanded that
Salim fulfil four additional conditions before they would issue an option to
purchase the Property to the Initial Buyer (“the Additional Conditions”). The
Additional Conditions were that:

(a) Salim states in writing by 5.00pm on 4 December 2017 that he accepts the
terms of the Settlement Agreement and will not contest the same in court;

(b) Salim withdraw Summons No 3818/2017 by 5.00pm on 4 December 2017, with no
order as to costs;

(c) Salim vacate the Property by 5.00pm on 31 December 2017; and

(d) All costs incurred in legal proceedings after the signing of the
Settlement Agreement thus far be deducted from the sale proceeds payable to
Salim.

8 Given the nature of the Settlement Agreement where Salim was entitled to
sell the Property above the $3m reserve price and retain the surplus sums, the
Additional Conditions that affect this right must be by agreement. Salim did
not agree to the fresh conditions, and it could possibly have affected his
efforts to have the Property sold.

9 Mr George Pereira, appointed by the Legal Aid Bureau as counsel for Salim,
invites the court to draw an inference of fact that the Actual Buyers are the
same persons as the Initial Buyer(s) because the same property agent, Willi
Ching (“Willi”), and his lawyer, Lim Lian Kee (“Lim”) acted for both the
Initial Buyer and Actual Buyers. When cross-examined, Ezzad said that he did
not know the identity of the Initial Buyer who offered to buy the property at
$3.4m. Salim claims that the plaintiffs were in breach of the Settlement
Agreement by not accepting the Initial Buyer’s offer to purchase the property
for $3.4m.

10 Up to this point, Salim appears to have a case, but the problem is that we
do not have the evidence from Rahim, Willi, or Lim, to identify who the
Initial Buyer was, and why the Initial Buyer reneged on his offer to buy the
Property from the plaintiffs at $3.4m. Mr Pereira invites the court to infer
that the Actual Buyers and the Initial Buyer(s) are the same persons, but the
court should not infer this fact when it could have been readily established
by calling the relevant witnesses. The burden of proof falls on Salim to show
that but for the plaintiffs imposing the Additional Conditions, the Initial
Buyer would not have reneged on his offer and the sale would have gone through
(see Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric [2007] 3 SLR(R) 782
at [50] – [55]). For example, this court needs to know how a change of three
days to vacate had or could have hampered the agreement between the Initial
Buyer and the plaintiffs. This uncertainty is exacerbated by the possibility
that if the Initial Buyer(s) are not the same persons as the Actual Buyers,
the reason they pulled out could be very different. The burden falls on Salim,
and clearly, he has not discharged it.

11 The next issue is whether Salim is required to pay rent between the date at
which he gave up vacant possession of the Property, 8 January 2018, to the
date of completion of the sale of the Property, 30 April 2018. The disputed
rental sum is $33,632.88. The determination of this issue depends on the
interpretation of the Settlement Agreement. The relevant clauses are as
follow:

4\. Failure to source for Purchaser by 31 December 2017:

a. In the event that [Salim] is unable to source for a Purchaser by 31
December 2017, the Parties agree that [Salim] shall purchase the Property at a
sale price of $3m. The option shall be accepted by [the plaintiffs] by the 1st
week of January 2018 and completion shall take place within 3 months
thereafter.

…

8\. Monthly rental for the Property to be paid by [Salim] to [the plaintiffs]:

a. [Salim] agrees to pay the sum of $9,000 per month as rental for the
Property for the period commencing April 2016 to the date of Completion of the
sale of the Property. For the period April 2016 to July 2017, [Salim] agrees
that the sum of $144,000 is due and payable to [the plaintiffs].

b. [Salim] agrees to carry on paying monthly rental in the sum of $4,000 out
of the monthly rental of $9,000 to [the plaintiffs] commencing 1st August 2017
and thereafter on the 1st of every month to the date of Completion of the sale
of the Property.

c. The balance monthly rental of S$5,000 due from [Salim] to [the plaintiffs]
from 1st August 2017 to the date of Completion of the sale of the Property be
added to the amounts due from Party A to Party B at Completion.

…

10\. Breach of paragraphs (4a) and 8(b)

a. [Salim] shall vacate the Property within 3 days and [the plaintiffs] shall
be entitled to sell the Property as they deem fit.

…

c. [Salim] shall still be liable for all outstanding rental payments due under
paragraph 8 above which shall be deemed as a debt due from [Salim] to [the
plaintiffs].

12 Counsel for the plaintiffs, Ms Valerie Freda Ang, submits that cl 8 is
clear and unambiguous, and that on its literal interpretation, Salim had to
pay rent to “the date of Completion of the sale of the Property”, which is 30
April 2018. In contrast, Mr Pereira submits that the parties had never
intended for Salim to continue paying rent up to the day of completion if he
had vacated the Property before then. Further, relying on the contra
proferentum rule, Mr Pereira argues that since the Settlement Agreement was
drafted by the plaintiffs, any ambiguity must be resolved against them.

13 Ms Ang invites the court to make a finding that Salim had to pay rent till
30 April 2018 solely on the basis of cl 8, but cl 8 cannot be looked at in
isolation. Clause 4(a) provides that if Salim is unable to find a buyer to
purchase the Property by 31 December 2017, he has to purchase the Property.
Salim breached cl 4(a) when the Initial Buyer withdrew from the sale, and he
(Salim) decided not to purchase the Property. As a result, pursuant to cl
10(a), Salim had to vacate the Property within three days, which he eventually
did on 8 January 2019. Clause 10(c) states that Salim shall be liable for “all
outstanding rental payments” under cl 8. The issue is whether such
“outstanding rental payments” includes the rent allegedly payable by Salim
between 8 January 2019 to 30 April 2019, after he had vacated the Property.

14 On my reading of the Settlement Agreement, the parties seemed to have
intended Salim to pay rent only if he was in possession of the Property. The
following matters fortify my understanding of the parties’ intentions:

(a) First, there was no dispute that Salim was allowed to stay on in the
Property and was in effect renting the Property. Further, that the plaintiffs
drafted cl 8 to refer to “the date of Completion of the sale of the Property”
because they were uncertain when Salim would vacate the Property. As such,
when Salim returned vacant possession of the Property to the plaintiffs, he
was no longer renting the Property and the parties could not have intended for
Salim to continue paying rent.

(b) Second, cl 10(a) states that Salim must vacate the Property, and that the
plaintiffs can “sell the Property as they deem fit”, without any specified
timeline. The literal interpretation of cl 8 will result in Salim being
obliged to continue paying rent till the Property is eventually sold, which
could be months or even years after he has vacated the Property. This is
unlikely what the parties would have intended.

(c) Third, any ambiguity in the Settlement Agreement will be construed against
the maker of the document, the plaintiffs. Had the parties intended that Salim
was to pay rent till the Property was sold regardless of whether he was in
possession or not, that should have been specifically expressed in the
Settlement Agreement.

15 The cause of action for the plaintiffs in this situation cannot be a claim
for rent, but a claim in common law damages arising from Salim’s breach of cl
4(a) of the Settlement Agreement. This has not been specifically pleaded by
the plaintiffs, nor were there any submissions made in this regard. For the
reasons above, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ claim for the rental sum of
$33,632.88, and award the plaintiffs nominal damages in the sum of $1,000.

16 The final issue is whether the plaintiffs are liable to reimburse or
compensate Salim for the renovation expenses he had incurred, which amounted
to the sum of $286,066.10. Ms Ang submits that Salim’s claim for renovation
expenses was resolved at mediation and forms part of the Settlement Agreement.
Mr Pereira asserts that no claim for renovation expenses was made in Suit 1266
and that the Settlement Agreement did not resolve this issue. The crux of Mr
Pereira’s argument is that as the renovations enhanced the value of the
Property, it is inequitable for the plaintiffs to enjoy the benefit of the
renovations without compensating Salim.

17 Correspondence between parties in mediation are confidential and made
without prejudice. To retain that confidentiality and to encourage such
mediations, the court should therefore not delve into correspondence exchanged
in the mediation process unless it is necessary, for example, to determine
whether an agreement has been reached or if parties had agreed to disclose
such communications (see Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan [2012] 1 SLR 457 at
[94] – [97]). On the evidence provided, I find that although the issue of
renovation expenses was discussed at mediation, it did not form part of the
Settlement Agreement as the Settlement Agreement made no reference to any
renovation expenses. Further, the fact that parties discussed this issue does
not necessarily imply that it was resolved at mediation.

18 In any event, the burden of proof falls on Salim to show that there is a
basis upon which the plaintiffs are liable to reimburse him for the renovation
expenses that he had incurred. Salim has failed to do so for the following
reasons:

(a) First, he did not plead any specific cause of action to be relied upon as
the basis for his claim.

(b) Second, even if his claim can be charitably characterised as a claim in
unjust enrichment, he must point to a recognised unjust factor underlying this
claim (see Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the
estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 at [134]).
This, he has not done.

(c) Third, he has failed to provide any proof that the renovations enhanced
the value of the Property.

19 For the reasons above, the plaintiffs’ claim for the rental sum of
$33,632.88 is dismissed and the plaintiffs are awarded nominal damages in the
sum of $1,000. Salim’s counterclaim is dismissed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Ang Mei-Ling Valerie Freda and Hiren George Jonas (K&L Gates Straits Law LLC)
for the plaintiffs/defendants-in-counterclaim;  
Pereira George Barnabas and Sarah Yeo (Pereira & Tan LLC) for
defendant/plaintiff-in-counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

