Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 41

Originating Summons No 952 of 2016

Between

| Asplenium Land Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Lam Chye Shing  
---|---  
(2)| Rider Levett Bucknall LLP  
(3)| RLB Consultancy Pte Ltd  
(4)| CKR Contract Services Pte Ltd  
  
… Respondents

grounds of decision

[Legal Profession] — [Professional privileges] — [In-house legal counsel]

[Legal Profession] — [Professional privileges] — [Waiver]

[Legal Profession] — [Professional privileges] — [Injunctive relief]  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Asplenium Land Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Lam Chye Shing and others

  

[2019] SGHC 41

High Court — Originating Summons No 952 of 2016  
12 January, 8 June, 12 June, 10 July 2017; 29 August 2017

22 February 2019

Pang Khang Chau JC:

Introduction

1 In High Court Originating Summons No 952 of 2016, Asplenium Land Pte Ltd
(“Asplenium”) applied for orders to:

(a) restrain the defendants in High Court Suit No 37 of 2015 (“Suit 37”) from
disclosing certain documents which Asplenium claimed to be legally privileged;
and

(b) restrain the plaintiff in Suit 37 from receiving and/or using these
documents.

2 Having heard the parties’ submissions and observed the examination of key
witnesses, I granted Asplenium’s application. The plaintiff in Suit 37 has
appealed, and I now provide my grounds of decision.

Background

Suit 37

3 The plaintiff in Suit 37 is CKR Contract Services Pte Ltd (“CKR”), who is
the 4th respondent in this application.

4 The defendants in Suit 37 are Lam Chye Shing (“Lam”), Rider Levett Bucknall
LLP (“Rider”), and RLB Consultancy Pte Ltd (“RLB”) (collectively, “the RLB
Defendants”), who are the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd respondents in this application
respectively. Lam is a partner of Rider and a director of RLB.

5 Suit 37 concerns a contract (“the Contract”) awarded in 2013 by Asplenium to
CKR engaging the latter as the main contractor for a construction project
(“the Project”). Lam was the designated quantity surveyor in the Contract,
while Rider was engaged by Asplenium to provide quantity surveying and
consulting services for the Project.

6 Subsequently, on 24 October 2014, Asplenium purported to terminate the
Contract. It then engaged RLB to provide consultancy services for a tender
process to engage a replacement contractor (“the Replacement Tender”). The
replacement contract was awarded in November 2014 to a company which was not a
party to this application or to Suit 37.

7 The dispute between Asplenium and CKR over the proper termination of the
Contract has been submitted to arbitration.

8 Suit 37 similarly concerns the termination of the Contract and the conduct
of the Replacement Tender. In that suit, CKR claims, amongst other things,
that the RLB Defendants have been professionally negligent in the following
two aspects:

(a) failing to exercise independent judgment and to properly conduct the
Replacement Tender; and

(b) failing to exercise independent judgment and to properly calculate the
relevant parts of the documents known as “Annex A” and “Revised Annex A”
(collectively, “the Annexures”), which were being relied on by Asplenium in
its arbitration dispute with CKR.

9 Asplenium is not a party to Suit 37.

CKR’s application for specific discovery in Suit 37

10 On 18 March 2016, in Summons No 1311 of 2016, CKR applied for specific
discovery in Suit 37 against the RLB Defendants for, among other things:

(a) documents and correspondence relating to Asplenium’s instructions to the
RLB Defendants regarding the conduct and/or supervision of the Replacement
Tender; and

(b) documents and correspondence exchanged between Asplenium and the RLB
Defendants relating to the provision of calculations used to prepare the
Annexures.

11 On 18 August 2016, CKR’s application was allowed in part by an Assistant
Registrar, pursuant to which the RLB Defendants filed a supplementary list of
documents dated 13 September 2016 in Suit 37 (“the SLOD”) which stated, in
para 4, that:

Asplenium Land Pte Ltd (the “Employer”) asserts privilege over the documents
listed at item numbers 3 and 4 of Schedule 1 Part 1 below.

12 It was the disclosure of these documents at items 3 and 4 of Part 1 of
Schedule 1 of the SLOD that formed the subject matter of the present
application. In particular, item 3 referred to e-mails between Sia Wee Long
(“Sia”), Mark Hwang Chengsie (“Hwang”), and Lam from the period between 29
October 2014 and 8 October 2014 (“the Item 3 documents”), while item 4
referred to e-mails between Asplenium, WongPartnership LLP, and Lam relating
to the preparation of the Annexures from the period between 10 October 2014
and 21 October 2014 (“the Item 4 documents”).

13 The RLB Defendants subsequently clarified that the date ranges given in the
SLOD were erroneous, and that the correct date ranges were 29 September 2014
to 8 October 2014 for the Item 3 documents, and 10 October 2014 to 31 October
2014 for the Item 4 documents.

The present application

14 On 19 September 2016, Asplenium filed the present application to restrain
the parties in Suit 37 from disclosing and/or relying on the Item 3 documents
and the Item 4 documents.

15 Before me, Asplenium explained that it had brought the present application
in accordance with the directions and guidance given by Kan Ting Chiu J (as he
then was) in Tentat Singapore Pte Ltd v Multiple Granite Pte Ltd and others
[2009] 1 SLR(R) 42. In that case, the applicant had intervened in a suit to
which it was not a party for the purpose of applying for a declaration that an
e-mail from the plaintiff’s solicitors to the plaintiff was legally privileged
and that the parties in the suit be restrained from using that e-mail in
evidence. Kan J questioned the appropriateness of the intervention and
directed the applicant to commence separate proceedings if it wished to raise
these issues. Upon the applicant filing an originating summons for that
purpose, Kan J, who also heard the application, declared that legal privilege
attached to the e-mail and restrained its use in evidence by the parties to
the suit. In the present case, no objections were raised by any party to the
procedure adopted by Asplenium.

Overview of Asplenium’s case

16 Asplenium asserted that the Item 3 documents concerned ongoing discussions
on various matters relating to the Project as well as the termination of the
Contract. It claimed that it was entitled to assert legal advice privilege
under s 128A(1) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”) in respect of
these documents because they were communications between Sia, who was
Asplenium’s project manager for the Project, and Hwang, who was deemed to be
Asplenium’s in-house legal counsel for the purposes of s 128A(1), in the
course of and for the purpose of Hwang’s employment as such legal counsel. The
fact that Lam was also copied in the e-mails did not preclude or waive such
privilege.

17 As for the Item 4 documents, Asplenium explained that these were
communications between Asplenium, Lam, and WongPartnership LLP relating to the
preparation of the Annexures. According to Asplenium, the Annexures were a set
of accounts that “basically represent[ed] the estimated amount of loss that
[Asplenium] incurred and/or would incur arising from the termination as a
result of [CKR’s] breach at that time”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Asplenium’s Submissions dated 10 January 2017 at para 46.

The Annexures were being relied on by Asplenium for its claim in arbitration
against CKR for damages arising from the termination of CKR’s engagement under
the Contract (see [6] and [10(b)] above). In that context, Asplenium claimed
in relation to the Item 4 documents that: (a) legal advice privilege attached
as the documents contained legal advice from WongPartnership LLP regarding the
collation of evidence for the evaluation and substantiation of Asplenium’s
claim against CKR; and (b) litigation privilege subsisted as the documents
were created for the dominant purpose of contemplated litigation between it
and CKR, at a time when there was a reasonable prospect of such litigation.

Overview of CKR’s case

18 CKR’s position on the Item 3 documents was that s 128A(1) of the EA did not
apply because:

(a) Hwang was not a legal counsel of Asplenium for the purposes of s 128A(1)
of the EA.

(b) Sia was not an employee of Asplenium and was not authorised to seek and
receive legal advice on its behalf.

(c) In any event, privilege could not be asserted by Asplenium because Lam had
been copied in the e-mails constituting the Item 3 documents even though he
was not an employee of Asplenium, and it was he who was being asked in the
specific discovery application to disclose the documents.

19 As for the Item 4 documents, CKR argued that:

(a) Legal advice privilege did not subsist because Sia was not an employee of
Asplenium authorised to seek or receive legal advice from WongPartnership LLP.
Further, Lam was also not an employee of Asplenium.

(b) Litigation privilege did not subsist because the Item 4 documents
concerned the Annexures, which were routine documents and were not made for
the dominant purpose of litigation.

(c) In any event, legal advice privilege and/or litigation privilege were
impliedly waived when Lam referred extensively to the Item 4 documents as an
expert witness in a related High Court application in Originating Summons No
1025 of 2014 (“OS 1025”). OS 1025 was CKR’s application for an interim
injunction to restrain Asplenium from calling on a performance bond issued on
behalf of CKR.

20 CKR further argued that Asplenium was, in any event, not entitled to the
reliefs sought in the present application because, even though the title of
Asplenium’s originating summons stated that this application was brought
pursuant to s 131 of the EA, s 131 was not applicable because it applied only
to preclude compulsory disclosure of privileged documents by the client of the
legal professional adviser concerned (in this case, Asplenium) and did not
preclude compulsory disclosure by any third party from whom those documents
may be sought (in this case, the RLB Defendants).

21 No request was made by CKR for the court to inspect either the Item 3
documents or the Item 4 documents, in order to determine their status as to
privilege from such inspection. Nor was there any request by CKR for a
redacted disclosure of the parts of the documents that did not contain
privileged material.

The issues to be decided

22 In the light of the foregoing, there were two broad issues to be decided:

(a) whether legal advice privilege subsisted in the Item 3 documents; and

(b) whether legal advice privilege and/or litigation privilege subsisted in
the Item 4 documents.

23 An overarching question applicable to both issues was whether the
declaratory and injunctive reliefs sought by Asplenium could and should be
granted. I will address this question below as part of the analysis on the two
broad issues.

Whether legal advice privilege subsisted in the Item 3 documents

24 The broad issue of whether legal advice privilege subsisted in the Item 3
documents necessitated a determination of the following issues:

(a) whether Hwang was a legal counsel of Asplenium for the purposes of s
128A(1) of the EA;

(b) whether Sia was authorised to seek and receive legal advice from Hwang in
relation to the Project; and

(c) whether Asplenium was precluded from asserting privilege over these
documents because Lam had been copied in the relevant e-mails.

25 Each of these issues in turn rested on the resolution of several sub-
issues, which I will elaborate on as part of the analysis below.

Whether Hwang was a legal counsel of Asplenium for the purposes of s 128A(1)
of the EA

The law

26 Section 128A of the EA was introduced in 2012 to extend the provisions in
the EA on legal professional privilege to communications with in-house legal
counsel. Prior to the enactment of s 128A, it was thought that legal
professional privilege already applied at common law to in-house legal counsel
(see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (14 February 2012) vol
88 at p 1129 (Hri Kumar Nair SC) and p 1146 (K Shanmugam SC, Minister for
Law)). This view was subsequently confirmed by the Court of Appeal in ARX v
Comptroller of Income Tax [2016] 5 SLR 590 (“ARX v CIT”).

27 Subject to various caveats in s 128A(2) of the EA, none of which were
applicable in the present case, s 128A(1) of the EA provides as follows:

(1) A legal counsel in an entity shall not at any time be permitted, except
with the entity’s express consent, to disclose any communication made to him
in the course and for the purpose of his employment as such legal counsel, or
to state the contents or condition of any document with which he has become
acquainted in the course and for the purpose of his employment as such legal
counsel, or to disclose any legal advice given by him to the entity, or to any
officer or employee of the entity, in the course and for the purpose of such
employment.

28 Section 128A is complemented by s 131 of the EA, and in particular s
131(2)(b) of the EA, which provides as follows:

Confidential communications with legal advisers

131.—(1) No one shall be compelled to disclose to the court any confidential
communication which has taken place between him and his legal professional
adviser unless he offers himself as a witness, in which case he may be
compelled to disclose any such communications as may appear to the court
necessary to be known in order to explain any evidence which he has given, but
no others.

(2) In subsection (1) and section 129, “legal professional adviser” means —

(a) an advocate or solicitor; or

(b) in the case of any communication which has taken place between any officer
or employee of an entity and a legal counsel employed, or deemed under section
128A(4) or (5) to be employed, by the entity in the course and for the purpose
of seeking his legal advice as such legal counsel, that legal counsel.

29 The term “legal counsel” used in both s 128A(1) and s 131(2)(b) is defined
in s 3(7) of the EA as:

… a person (by whatever name called) who is an employee of an entity employed
to undertake the provision of legal advice or assistance in connection with
the application of the law or any form of resolution of legal disputes.

30 Where a legal counsel is employed by one of a number of related
corporations, s 128A(4) of the EA clarifies as follows:

(4) Where a legal counsel is employed by one of a number of corporations that
are related to each other under section 6 of the Companies Act (Cap. 50),
subsection (1) shall apply in relation to the legal counsel and every
corporation so related as if the legal counsel were also employed by each of
the related corporations.

31 The concept of “related corporations” referred to in s 128A(4) of the EA is
defined in s 6 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”) as follows:

Where a corporation —

(a) is the holding company of another corporation;

(b) is a subsidiary of another corporation; or

(c) is a subsidiary of the holding company of another corporation,

that first-mentioned corporation and that other corporation shall for the
purposes of this Act be deemed to be related to each other.

32 Section 5(1) of the CA in turn defines the term “subsidiary” in the
following manner:

For the purposes of this Act, a corporation shall, subject to subsection (3),
be deemed to be a subsidiary of another corporation, if —

(a) that other corporation —

(i) controls the composition of the board of directors of the first-mentioned
corporation; or

(ii) controls more than half of the voting power of the first-mentioned
corporation; or

(iii) [Deleted … wef 01/07/2015]

(b) the first-mentioned corporation is a subsidiary of any corporation which
is that other corporation’s subsidiary.

The analysis

33 As mentioned above (at [18]), CKR’s first argument was that Hwang was not a
legal counsel of Asplenium for the purposes of s 128A of the EA at the
material time. This raised two conceptually distinct sub-issues: (a) whether
Hwang was a legal counsel within the meaning of that term in s 128A; and (b)
whether it could be said that he was a legal counsel of Asplenium.

34 The complication was that Hwang was in fact not an employee of Asplenium at
the material time. Instead, when the Item 3 documents were communicated, Hwang
was formally under the employment of Nuri Holdings (S) Pte Ltd (“Nuri”), which
held approximately 46.46% of the shareholding of Tuan Sing Holdings Ltd (“Tuan
Sing”). Tuan Sing was, in turn, the holding company of Asplenium. However,
Hwang was also performing legal work for Tuan Sing for which Tuan Sing paid
Nuri an amount roughly equivalent to half of Hwang’s salary under a cost-
sharing arrangement between Nuri and Tuan Sing. The following related points
were not in dispute:

(a) Nuri and Tuan Sing were considered related parties under the applicable
financial reporting standards, and were declared as such in Tuan Sing’s
audited financial statements. The relevant declaration read as follows:

[Tuan Sing’s] major shareholder is [Nuri], incorporated in Singapore. Related
companies are the companies in which the shareholders of Nuri and their family
members have a controlling interest in. Related parties include subsidiaries,
associates, joint ventures, related companies, Nuri and directors of the
Company and their associates.

Included in amounts due to other related parties, trade and non-trade, are
mainly balances with related companies. …

[emphasis added]

(b) Notwithstanding the above, Nuri and Tuan Sing were not related
corporations as defined in s 6 of the CA. The fact that Nuri held around
46.46% of the shares in Tuan Sing was insufficient to render Tuan Sing a
subsidiary of Nuri such as to fall within the scope of s 6(a)(ii) of the CA.
Nor did any other limb of s 6(1) apply for Tuan Sing and Nuri to be regarded
as related corporations. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

CKR’s Submissions dated 3 July 2017 at para 19.

(c) In contrast, because Asplenium was a subsidiary of Tuan Sing, Tuan Sing
and Asplenium were related corporations within the meaning of s 6 of the CA.

35 Accordingly, so long as Hwang could be regarded as a legal counsel employed
by Tuan Sing at the material time, he would also be regarded as a “legal
counsel” of Asplenium for the purposes of s 128A(1) of the EA by virtue of s
128A(4) of the EA read with s 6 of the CA.

36 With this in mind, we turn now to examine the two sub-issues.

(1) Whether Hwang was a legal counsel

37 As mentioned, the first sub-issue was whether Hwang was a legal counsel
within the meaning of that term in s 128A of the EA.

38 Prior to joining Nuri, Hwang had practised law for more than ten years,
first in the Attorney-General’s Chambers and then in a local law firm and
finally in a foreign law firm. At the material time, Hwang’s official
designation in Nuri was “Director, Legal and Business Development”. This
connoted a dual role in legal matters and business development. Even though
this was an originating summons, Hwang was cross-examined before me on CKR’s
application. His evidence was that:

(a) although he was first employed by Nuri in 2009 with a dual role in legal
affairs and business development in mind, his latter role in business
development dwindled after the first two years;

(b) in any event, his business development role was purely in relation to
Nuri;

(c) his role at Tuan Sing was of a purely legal nature; and

(d) in particular, his role in relation to Asplenium and the Project was of a
purely legal nature.

39 Hwang’s evidence in this regard was not seriously challenged, and CKR did
not press the point that Hwang was not, at the material time, a legal counsel
as defined in s 3(7)(a) of the EA (see [29] above). In my view, CKR was right
not to press the point, as s 3(7)(a) defined “legal counsel” as a person
employed to undertake the provision of legal advice, etc, and not as a person
employed exclusively to undertake the provision of legal advice, etc. Thus, in
the absence of any contrary argument or evidence, I found that Hwang was a
legal counsel as statutorily defined at the material time.

40 Even though some questions regarding Hwang’s business development role were
put to Hwang during cross-examination, CKR did not seriously challenge the
capacity in which Hwang received the Item 3 documents eventually. Hwang’s own
evidence was that the documents had been sent to him in his capacity as an in-
house legal counsel to seek his advice, input, and opinion where necessary. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Hwang’s affidavit dated 19 September 2016 at para 74.

Accordingly, I also found that the Item 3 documents were communications made
in the course of and for the purpose of Hwang’s employment as legal counsel,
rather than in any other capacity.

(2) Whether Hwang was employed by Tuan Sing and therefore deemed legal counsel
of Asplenium

41 The more difficult question, however, was whether Hwang was a legal counsel
of Tuan Sing. In particular, could Hwang be regarded as employed by Tuan Sing
when he was already employed by Nuri? In this regard, Asplenium made two main
submissions:

(a) Hwang was an employee of Tuan Sing by virtue of an arrangement under which
Nuri seconded him to Tuan Sing in relation to approximately half of Hwang’s
working hours; and

(b) in any event, Hwang was an employee of Tuan Sing under the common law test
of employment.

42 CKR’s responses were:

(a) there was no evidence that Hwang had been seconded to or employed by Tuan
Sing; and

(b) even if Hwang was seconded to Tuan Sing, Hwang was not Tuan Sing’s
employee within the meaning of s 128A of the EA.

I understood the thrust of CKR’s submission at (b) to be that, even if I were
to find that an employment relationship factually existed between Hwang and
Tuan Sing, a purposive interpretation of s 128A should lead me to deny
recognition of such a relationship for the purposes of s 128A.

43 For convenient reference, I set out the text of the specific statutory
provision to be interpreted and applied, namely s 128A(4) of the EA:

(4) Where a legal counsel is employed by one of a number of corporations that
are related to each other under section 6 of the Companies Act (Cap. 50),
subsection (1) shall apply in relation to the legal counsel and every
corporation so related as if the legal counsel were also employed by each of
the related corporations. [emphasis added]

44 As indicated by the italicised words, the dispute turned on how the term
“employed” is to be interpreted and applied in the context of s 128A(4).

45 The term “employed” and its cognate expressions are not defined in either
the EA or the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed). A perusal of the EA
reveals that the term “employment” appears to have been used in different
senses in different provisions. For example, s 128(1) of the EA refers to
“communication made to him in the course and for the purpose of his employment
as such advocate or solicitor” [emphasis added] while s 128(2) refers to “any
fact observed by any advocate or solicitor in the course of his employment as
such” [emphasis added]. In this context, the term “employment” in ss 128(1)
and 128(2) clearly refers to the professional engagement of an advocate and
solicitor under a contract for services as an independent contractor, and does
not connote the existence of a contract for service in a master-servant or
employer-employee relationship.

46 Section 128A also contains phrases which are practically identical to those
quoted above. Section 128A(1) refers to “communication made to him in the
course and for the purpose of his employment as such legal counsel” [emphasis
added] while s 128A(2) refers to “any fact observed by any legal counsel in
any entity in the course of his employment as such legal counsel” [emphasis
added]. Despite the similarities in wording between these phrases and their
counterparts in s 128, it is clear that the term “employment” in ss 128A(1)
and 128A(2) does not refer to an engagement under a contract for services as
an independent contractor, based on the relevant context which includes:

(a) the appearance of the phrase “employee of an entity employed to undertake
the provision of legal advice or assistance” [emphasis added] in the
definition of “legal counsel” in s 3(7) of the EA; and

(b) the fact that s 128A was enacted to provide for legal professional
privilege of in-house counsel.

47 Given this context, it is clear that the term “employment” and its cognate
expressions are used in s 128A to refer to a master-servant or employer-
employee relationship. Therefore, the question arising from s 128A(4) in the
present case is whether such a master-servant or employer-employee
relationship existed between Hwang and Tuan Sing.

48 In relation to Asplenium’s submission that “Hwang was an employee of Tuan
Sing by virtue of an arrangement under which Nuri seconded him to Tuan Sing”,
Asplenium cited some cases where a seconded employee was recognised as the
employee of the company to which he was seconded. The two Singapore cases
cited were:

(a) Kosui Singapore Pte Ltd v Kamigumi Singapore Pte Ltd and another [2012]
SGHC 43, where the High Court referred to a seconded employee as “an employee
albeit on secondment” (at [31]); and

(b) Stratech Systems Ltd v Nyam Chiu Shin (alias Yan Qiuxin) and others [2005]
2 SLR(R) 579, where the Court of Appeal found that the “true and effective”
employer of the particular employees in question was the company to which they
were seconded.

49 Asplenium also cited FSBM CTech Sdn Bhd v Technitium Sdn Bhd [2012] 9 MLJ
281, but I agreed with CKR that that case was not relevant as Asplenium had
misread the facts of that case.

50 If Asplenium’s submission was merely that a seconded employee could be
regarded as an employee of the organisation to which he is seconded, I would
consider that to be uncontroversial. However, insofar as Asplenium’s
submission was that it could establish the existence of an employment
relationship between Hwang and Tuan Sing merely by demonstrating that a
secondment arrangement existed between Nuri and Tuan Sing, I had difficulties
with the submission.

51 First, unlike the case of public officers of the Singapore Legal Service
seconded as legal advisers to statutory bodies, where express provision is
made in s 3(7)(b)(ii) of the EA to include such seconded legal advisers within
the scope of s 128A, no express provision had been made in the EA concerning
the effect of the secondment of legal counsel between private sector
organisations on the s 128A privilege. Secondly, the cases cited at [48]
merely showed that a seconded employee could in certain circumstances be an
employee of the company to which he or she is seconded. Those cases did not
stand for the proposition that a seconded employee would necessarily be an
employee of that company by mere virtue of the secondment without more. Those
cases also did not provide guidance on when a seconded employee would be
regarded as an employee of the company to which he is seconded. Thirdly,
neither party had attempted to particularise a set of criteria for determining
the existence of a secondment arrangement for the purpose of the present case.
Without such a working set of criteria, any attempt to reason directly from
the fact of secondment to the existence of an employment relationship would be
akin to building on sand.

52 I was therefore of the view that, in the context of the present case, the
label “secondment” is no more than a convenient short-hand for describing a
situation where a company assigns its employee to another company for the
purpose of working for and within the organisation of the latter company. In
itself, it does not provide the answer to whether an employment relationship
exists between the seconded employee and the company he is seconded to.

53 In the light of the foregoing, I will first examine the working
arrangements between Hwang and Tuan Sing as a whole to determine whether an
employment relationship existed between Hwang and Tuan. Thereafter, I will
turn to CKR’s submission concerning purposive interpretation (as alluded to at
[42] above) and consider whether a purposive interpretation of s 128A requires
the court to deny recognition to any employment relationship which may have
existed between Hwang and Tuan Sing.

(A) Whether an employer-employee relationship existed between Hwang and Tuan
Sing

(I) Test for existence of employment relationship

54 In Ravi Chandran, Employment Law in Singapore (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2017)
(“Chandran on Employment”), the learned author wrote (at para 1.29) under the
heading “Who is an Employee?” that:

1.29 In common law at various points in time, different tests such as the
‘control’ test and the ‘integration’ test held sway, but the current position
is that all the relevant factors have to be considered. Some relevant factors
are listed below, though the list is not exhaustive. Neither can an exhaustive
list ever be drawn. Further, it is not possible to pre-assign relative weights
to each of these factors. It is also possible that the very same factors carry
different weight in different circumstances. Hence, much depends on the actual
facts and essentially the court has to embark on a balancing act. Before
looking at some of the relevant factors, it must also be mentioned that due to
a change in nature of the work relationship, it is possible for a worker to
evolve from being an employee to not being one or vice versa, at some point in
time. Further, it is possible that with respect to the same organisation, the
worker may do work in two different capacities as an employee and as a non-
employee, as for example, the situation where an editor of a newspaper who is
not expected to do translations is paid separately to do those translations on
some occasions. The burden of proof is likely to be on the person who is
alleging that there is an employment relationship, though this could be
reversed by statute.

55 The learned author went on to identify no less than 17 non-exhaustive
factors relevant to the identification of an employment relationship. Of
these, the parties’ submissions highlighted the following factors as relevant:
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Asplenium’s Submissions dated 3 July 2017 at paras 34-57; CKR’s Submissions
dated 3 July 2017 at para 15.

(a) the extent of control exerted by the putative employer over the putative
employee;

(b) the extent of integration by the putative employee into the enterprise of
the employer;

(c) the remuneration of the putative employee;

(d) whether the putative employee has an obligation to work for one putative
employer only;

(e) whether the putative employer provides tools, equipment and training to
the putative employee;

(f) whether the putative employer is obliged to provide work, and the putative
employee obliged to accept work; and

(g) whether the putative employer has the right to dismiss, suspend, or
evaluate the putative employee.

Item (a) was highlighted by both Asplenium and CKR, while items (b) to (e)
were highlighted by Asplenium only, and items (f) and (g) were highlighted by
CKR only. I shall now sketch out the working arrangements between Hwang and
Tuan Sing before turning to consider each of the foregoing factors.

(II) Overview of working arrangements

56 Hwang commenced his employment with Nuri in 2009. Clause 1 of Hwang’s
employment contract with Nuri provides: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

See Exhibit P1.

JOB DESCRIPTION

1 You will be employed by our company as Director of Legal and Business
Development from 3 August 2009. You will be reporting to the Board of
Directors or their designated person/s.

You shall, when requested by the Company, travel between or take up temporary
residence in different cities for the purpose of performing duties assigned by
the Company. The Company reserves the right to transfer you to any company
within the Group.

[emphasis added]

From day one, Hwang was expected to provide legal advice and assistance, not
only to Nuri and its subsidiaries, but also to Tuan Sing and its subsidiaries.
As previously noted (at [34(b)]), although Nuri owned 46.46% of Tuan Sing’s
shareholding, neither company is a subsidiary or holding company of the other.
Nuri and Tuan Sing are each holding companies for separate groups of
subsidiaries. Tuan Sing is a listed company while Nuri is not.

57 Nuri and Tuan Sing occupied separate office premises in the same building.
Nuri’s office was on the second floor while Tuan Sing’s was on the third
floor. Hwang’s office was located within Tuan Sing’s premises. Throughout his
employment, Hwang was involved, on a daily basis, in providing legal advice
to, as well as in reviewing and preparing documents for, Tuan Sing and its
subsidiaries. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Hwang’s affidavit dated 15 December 2016 at para 24.

58 Hwang’s salary and CPF were paid by Nuri. From July 2014 until Hwang’s
resignation in February 2017, Tuan Sing reimbursed Nuri, on a monthly basis,
an amount equivalent to half of Hwang’s salary. This cost-sharing arrangement
was initiated by Nuri sometime in 2014, when Nuri indicated to Tuan Sing that,
as the amount of work Hwang did for Tuan Sing had been increasing, it was not
fair for Nuri to continue bearing the full burden of Hwang’s salary. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE 12 June 2017 at p 29, lines 13 to 21; NE 12 June 2017 at p 21, line 12.

Hwang was asked by Nuri to provide an estimate of the proportion of time he
spent on Tuan Sing’s work 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE 12 June 2017 at p 20, line 25 to p 21, line 5.

and, pursuant to that estimate, Nuri and Tuan Sing agreed that Tuan Sing
should pay for half of Hwang’s salary.

(III) Extent of control

59 The evidence showed that Tuan Sing would assign work directly to Hwang
without need for clearance from Nuri. Nor was there evidence that Hwang had
the discretion to decline assignments given to him by Tuan Sing. Hwang
recounted a transaction in which he acted for Tuan Sing even though the
counterparty was one of Nuri’s subsidiaries. He took on the assignment from
Tuan Sing without needing to seek permission from Nuri. All he did was to
inform Nuri that Nuri should be separately represented on that transaction. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NE 12 June 2017 at p 16, line 30 to p 17, line 8.

When it was suggested to Hwang in cross-examination that, in a situation like
this, he had to take instructions from Nuri’s management as to which side of
the transaction he would act for, this suggestion was refuted by Hwang. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE 12 June 2017 at p 17, lines 15 to 17.

Instead, Hwang’s evidence was that Nuri did not give him directions in
relation to the work that he had done for Tuan Sing. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NE 12 June 2017 at p 18, lines 8 to 19.

In the light of this, CKR’s submission that the CEO of Nuri had the ultimate
say over which entity Hwang was to advise 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

CKR’s Submission dated 3 July 2017 at para 32.

was not supported by the evidence.

60 CKR submitted that, in the specific context of a person allowing a third
party to use the services of his employee, the courts will apply “a more
stringent test” as to control to determine whether an employment relationship
existed. In this regard, CKR cited the following passage from Halsbury’s Laws
of Singapore vol 9 (LexisNexis, 2017) (“Halsbury”) at para 100.003: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CKR’s Submission dated 3 July 2017 at para 16.

In the instances where the services of an employee are hired out by his
general employer to a third party, it is a question of fact as to who his
employer is for a particular purpose. Unless the third party is vested with
the entire and absolute control of such an employee by the general employer,
who engages, pays and regularly employs and can alone dismiss him, the third
party will not be regarded as his employer. [emphasis added]

61 The above language is taken from Raghavan Pillai and another v Indufela Co
and others [1979–1980] SLR(R) 399 (“Pillai”), which is the first case cited in
the footnote to the foregoing passage. Pillai concerned a crane driver who was
hired out by his general employer to the main contractor of a particular
project for the purpose of that project. The court said, at [31], that:

It was further held in Karuppan Bhoomidas’ case that partial control by the
hirer is not enough and that entire and absolute control is necessary in order
to transfer liability from the shoulders of the employer who engages, pays and
regularly employs and can alone dismiss him, on to the shoulders of those who
have hired the servant’s services from his regular employers.

62 I have three observations to make in this regard:

(a) The authorities cited by CKR at [60] show that an employee who is hired
out could, if the relevant control test is met, be regarded as an employee of
the hirer in respect of the specific task or project the employee was hired
out for. By the same token, an employee on long-term secondment (not for the
purpose of any specific task or project) could also be regarded as an employee
of the company to which he is seconded if the relevant control test is met
(see Chandran on Employment at para 1.78).

(b) If indeed a “more stringent test” of “entire and absolute control” is
applicable on the facts of cases such as Pillai and Karuppan Bhoomidas v Port
of Singapore Authority [1977–1978] SLR(R) 204, the impetus for this test
probably arose from the recognition that relevant parties would not generally
expect a worker who is hired out for only a specific task or project to
suddenly become the employee of the hirer for the short duration of that task
or project, only to just as suddenly have this employment relationship
terminated when the task or project is completed. This consideration would not
be present in the context of a long-term secondment where the employee
undertakes general assignments for the company accepting the secondment.

(c) Further, Chandran on Employment observed (at para 1.75) that “[w]hile the
older cases such as Pillai’s and Karruppan’s have used the test of absolute
control, the newer cases have used the test of control” [emphasis in
original]. The authorities cited in the footnote as “the newer cases” were
dated 1993, 1997, and 2005. This suggested that the notion of a “more
stringent test” is outdated. In particular, the 1997 authority cited, Awang
bin Dollah v Shun Shing Construction & Engineering Co Ltd and other appeals
[1997] 2 SLR(R) 746, was a decision of the Court of Appeal which is binding on
this court.

63 In the light of the foregoing, I did not accept that a more stringent test
of control applied in the present case. In my view, the applicable test of
control in a case where a person allows a third party to use the services of
his employee should be no different from that applicable in any other case
where the existence of an employment relationship is in question.

64 In any event, even if CKR was right that a more stringent test of control
applied, I was satisfied on the evidence that, in relation to the work
undertaken by Hwang for Tuan Sing, Tuan Sing indeed had entire and absolute
control of Hwang. As the above quotation from Halsbury (at [60]) showed, where
an employee is seconded or hired out, the question of whom his employer is
should be assessed by reference to the “particular purpose” of that
secondment.

(III) Extent of integration

65 Chandran on Employment (at para 1.32) cited the following passage from
Stevenson Jordan and Harrison Ltd v Macdonald and Evans [1952] 1 TLR 101 (at
111) for the rationale of the integration test:

One feature which seems to run through the instances is that, under a contract
of service, a man is employed as part of the business and his work is done as
an integral part of the business, whereas, under a contract for service, his
work although done for the business, is not integrated into it but is only
accessory to it. [emphasis added]

66 As noted above, Hwang was seated in Tuan Sing’s premises. He was involved,
on a daily basis, in providing legal advice to Tuan Sing and its subsidiaries
through various means. Chong Chou Yuen (“Chong”), the Chief Financial Officer
of Tuan Sing and a director of Asplenium, gave evidence that “[Hwang]’s one of
us” 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE 12 June 2017 at p 32, line 21.

and that Hwang would attend Tuan Sing’s office functions together with the
rest of Tuan Sing’s employees. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE 12 June 2017 at p 31, lines 11 to 14.

Hwang was Tuan Sing’s only in-house legal advisor. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE 12 June 2017 at p 40, lines 23 to 26.

His work was thus integral to Tuan Sing’s business. In fact, Hwang’s work
became so integral to Tuan Sing that Nuri proposed in 2014 that Tuan Sing
should share the cost of Hwang’s salary, and Tuan Sing readily accepted the
proposal. When disputes arose with CKR over the Project, it was Hwang who
approached and engaged external counsel on behalf of Asplenium. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Hwang’s affidavit dated 19 September 2016 at para 13.

I was therefore of the view that the relationship between Hwang and Tuan Sing
met the integration test.

(IV) Remuneration

67 Chandran on Employment noted (at paras 1.35–1.36) that a person is more
likely to be an employee if he was remunerated through a regular salary
instead of being paid according to the amount of work done. As noted above,
Tuan Sing shared in Hwang’s remuneration by making a regular monthly payment
to Nuri equivalent to half of Hwang’s salary. It was not a payment tied to the
actual volume of work done by Hwang for Tuan Sing.

68 On the issue of remuneration, CKR raised two objections. The first was that
it was Nuri which had made the actual payments of Hwang’s salary and CPF
contributions, and Hwang testified also that he looked to Nuri for these
payments. In my view, however, the more important point was that all three
parties had been aware that there was in place a cost-sharing arrangement
between Nuri and Tuan Sing, under which Hwang would provide his legal services
to Tuan Sing, and Tuan Sing would pay Nuri the relevant part of Hwang’s
salary.

69 The second objection was the fact that Tuan Sing had paid goods and
services tax (“GST”) to Nuri on Tuan Sing’s share of Hwang’s salary. CKR
submitted that as GST is charged only on the supply of goods and services, the
labour of an employee is not subject to GST and “only an independent
contractor would charge GST for services”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

CKR’s Submissions dated 11 January 2017 at para 44.

It followed, purportedly, that Hwang must have been an independent contractor
to Tuan Sing.

70 In response, Asplenium submitted that the payment of GST by Tuan Sing is in
fact evidence of Hwang working for Tuan Sing pursuant to a secondment
arrangement under which Tuan Sing was regarded as having employed Hwang as its
own legal counsel. In support of this argument, Asplenium pointed to a
guideline published by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore on 31 May
2013 entitled “GST Guide on Reimbursement and Disbursement of Expenses” (“IRAS
Guide”), which stated at paras 6.23 to 6.25 as follows:

6.23 Secondment of staff refers to a situation when a staff contractually
employed by one company is supplied to another company to perform certain work
specifically assigned to them.

6.24 The secondment of staff is considered to be a supply of services for GST
purposes. That being the case, the person seconding the staff (“Seconding
Company”) has to charge GST on the value of the supply if he is GST-
registered; if he is not, he will need to assess his liability to register for
GST. The value of the supply is either the amount actually charged by the
Seconding Company or, if there is no charge, the amount of remuneration (money
or otherwise) that the Seconding Company is obliged to pay the seconded staff.

6.25 In practice, it is not uncommon for a corporate group to have staff
secondment arrangements to meet the operational needs of the companies in the
group. The company receiving the seconded staff (“Recipient Company”)
generally regards itself to have hired the seconded staff rather than buying
the services of the staff from the Seconding Company. …

[emphasis added]

71 In my view, the IRAS Guide makes clear that GST is payable for the
secondment of employees. Consequently, the payment of GST by Tuan Sing to Nuri
was not inconsistent with the proposition put forward by Asplenium that Nuri
had seconded Hwang to Tuan Sing.

72 CKR may have confused the nature of the GST payment. In the present case,
the relevant supply was by Nuri to Tuan Sing of services provided by a third
party whom Nuri had seconded to Tuan Sing. Hence, it was Nuri who charged Tuan
Sing GST. The relevant supply was not of services by Hwang to Tuan Sing, and
the relevant GST was also not charged by Hwang to Tuan Sing. Therefore, the
mere fact that GST was charged by Nuri to Tuan Sing did not mean that Hwang
must have been an independent contractor to Tuan Sing as opposed to an
employee.

73 For the same reason, I was of the view that CKR had cited Norman Selwyn,
Selwyn’s Law of Employment (Oxford University Press, 16th Ed, 2011) out of
context when it relied on a passage at para 2.53 which reads: “[a]n
independent sub-contractor may have to charge VAT on services supplied, which
would not be so if he were an employee”. That passage simply meant that if an
individual charges GST to an “employer” for the services which the individual
provides, he is probably an independent contractor and not an “employee” of
that “employer”. Nothing in the evidence suggested that Hwang had charged Tuan
Sing GST for the services provided to it.

74 On the GST issue, CKR also pointed to a subsequent part of para 6.25 of the
IRAS Guide which provided that IRAS would allow an administrative waiver of
the obligation to charge GST if the secondment is between related corporations
as defined in s 6 of the CA, and where certain other conditions are met. I did
not see how this passage supported CKR’s case. Even taken at its highest, it
merely meant that the payment of GST between Tuan Sing and Nuri amounted to an
admission by them that they were not related corporations as defined in s 6 of
the CA. But as I mentioned above (at [34]), it was never Asplenium’s case that
Tuan Sing and Nuri were so related.

75 I therefore concluded that Tuan Sing’s monthly payment of its share of
Hwang’s remuneration to Nuri, and its payment of GST on such sums, were
consistent with both the notion that Hwang was seconded by Nuri to Tuan Sing,
and the notion that Hwang was treated in fact as an employee of Tuan Sing.

(V) Obligation to work for only one employer

76 Chandran on Employment noted at para 1.39 that “an employee is more likely
to be subject to an obligation to work only for that employer”. There is good
sense underlying this observation. If an employer pays a salary for an
employee to work on a full-time basis for the employer, the employee would
usually be expected to devote all hours of a normal work day in service of
that employer. Some employers, having paid an employee’s salary on a full-time
basis, may even provide expressly in the employment contract that the employee
should not work concurrently for anyone else. However, as noted by Chandran on
Employment later in the same paragraph, “this factor too is not conclusive”.
In this respect, Chandran on Employment cited Market Investigations Ltd v
Minister of Social Security [1969] 2 QB 173, where the English High Court held
(at 186) as follows:

Nor is there anything inconsistent with the existence of a contract of service
in the fact that Mrs Irving was free to work for others during the relevant
period. It is by no means a necessary incident of a contract of service that
the servant is prohibited from serving any other employer.

77 In the present case, since Tuan Sing only paid half of Hwang’s salary,
Hwang could not be expected to work full-time for Tuan Sing to the exclusion
of Nuri. The fact that Hwang had continued working for Nuri while serving Tuan
Sing was therefore not inconsistent with the existence of an employment
relationship between Hwang and Tuan Sing. From Nuri’s perspective, even though
cl 8 of its employment contract with Hwang prohibited Hwang from working for
other employers without Nuri’s consent, that prohibition had no application in
the present case because Nuri had consented to Hwang working for Tuan Sing.
Therefore, this factor did not militate against the existence of an employment
relationship between Hwang and Tuan Sing.

(VI) Provision of tools, equipment and training

78 Asplenium noted that Tuan Sing provided Hwang with his office space and all
office equipment needed for the performance of Hwang’s work with Tuan Sing.
Asplenium submitted that this lent substantial weight to a finding that Hwang
was an employee of Tuan Sing. While I agreed that this was a relevant factor
and that the evidence did show that Tuan Sing had provided Hwang with office
space and equipment, I did not consider this factor conclusive and did not
place too much weight on it.

(VII) Obligation to provide and accept work

79 While this factor was highlighted by CKR as relevant, CKR did not develop
the point in its submissions. It was therefore not clear whether CKR’s
position was that this factor militated against a finding that Hwang was Tuan
Sing’s employee. Further, while the evidence showed that Hwang was obliged to
accept work from Tuan Sing, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE 12 June 2017 at p 17, lines 6 to 17.

no evidence was led on whether Tuan Sing was obliged to provide work for
Hwang. Given that Hwang was Tuan Sing’s only in-house legal advisor and that
Tuan Sing paid half of Hwang’s salary, the reality of the situation was that
Tuan Sing would have, as a matter of course, provided work to Hwang. In any
event, as noted in Chandran on Employment (at para 1.47), this again is not a
conclusive factor.

(VII) Right to dismiss, suspend and evaluate

80 CKR highlighted this as a relevant factor, but again, it did not develop
the point in submissions. It was therefore not clear what CKR wished to submit
concerning this factor. In my view, although no specific evidence was led on
this point, the fact that Hwang had superiors within Tuan Sing to report to
(such as the CEO of Tuan Sing, Mr William Liem), 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE 12 June 2017 at p 17, lines 21 to 27

suggested that Hwang would be evaluated by the management of Tuan Sing, and
consequently, that the possibility existed of Tuan Sing terminating its
relationship with Hwang. In any event, this factor was again not conclusive.

(IX) Miscellaneous

81 CKR raised three other points, which I summarise briefly as follows:

(a) The only documentary evidence which Asplenium could produce of the
secondment arrangement was the monthly tax invoices issued by Nuri to Tuan
Sing for payments described in the invoices as “Share of legal council [sic]
costs”. No formal agreements were signed between Nuri and Tuan Sing or between
Hwang and Tuan Sing in respect of the purported secondment arrangement.

(b) Although Hwang was aware of the cost-sharing arrangement, he was never
told by Nuri or Tuan Sing that he was seconded to Tuan Sing or that he was
working for Tuan Sing pursuant to a secondment arrangement.

(c) Asplenium’s submission concerning secondment must have been an
afterthought as the term “secondment” did not appear either in the supporting
affidavits filed initially by Asplenium or in Asplenium’s initial round of
written submissions filed on 10 January 2017. Those submissions only referred
to “an arrangement whereby Tuan Sing would contribute to a share of the costs
of Hwang’s salary for the provision of legal advice and services by him to
Tuan Sing” 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Asplenium’s Submissions dated 10 January 2017 at para 117(d).

without calling it a secondment arrangement. It was only in Asplenium’s
rebuttal submission filed on 26 January 2017 that secondment was first
mentioned.

82 I did have some concerns about the lack of formal documentation, as well as
the fact that the cost-sharing arrangement commenced only in 2014, even though
Hwang had been working for Nuri and Tuan Sing since 2009. These concerns
prompted me to be more careful in examining the claim as to the secondment
arrangement. However, the lack of a formal documentation did not in itself
preclude the finding of an employment relationship. Proper documentation would
most likely assist, but in the end, it is the court’s overall assessment of
the reality of the situation and the substance of the relationship that
matters.

83 In the present case, I accepted the tax invoices as evidence that a cost-
sharing arrangement existed between Nuri and Tuan Sing concerning Hwang’s
salary. Chong explained that this was the purpose of the payments. Hwang
testified that he was aware of the cost-sharing arrangement. The evidence of
both Chong and Hwang were tested in cross-examination and I was satisfied that
they were both truthful on this issue.

84 Hwang candidly admitted during cross-examination that neither Nuri nor Tuan
Sing had any discussion with him about the secondment exercise. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE 12 June 2017 at p 21, lines 13 to 15.

Further, when Hwang was asked whether he considered Tuan Sing his employer,
Hwang replied in the following manner: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 12 June 2017 at p 16, lines 1 to 4.

That’s a difficult question to answer in the sense that I’m aware that there
was a cost sharing arrangement with Tuan Sing. So, yes, they were partially
responsible for the salary that I got from Nuri. So, you know, this is a legal
question. I’m not an expert on employment law.

85 In my view, the fact that Hwang was not told that he was on secondment and
the fact that Hwang was not sure if Tuan Sing was also his employer were
certainly factors which pointed away from the existence of an employment
relationship between Hwang and Tuan Sing. Having said that, the existence of
such a relationship depended, in the final analysis, less on Hwang’s
subjective belief than on the objective factors discussed at [59]–[80] above.
I therefore did not consider this point to be fatal to Asplenium’s case.

86 As for the fact that the secondment point was first raised by Asplenium
only in its rebuttal submission of 26 January 2017, the context was that this
was raised as a response to CKR’s submission on GST (at [69] above). Asplenium
responded by referring to the IRAS Guide which required GST to be paid in
respect of secondment of employees. I saw this less as an afterthought on the
part of Asplenium than an attempt to adopt the language and analytical
framework of the IRAS Guide to frame and conceptualise the cost-sharing
arrangement between Nuri and Tuan Sing in respect of Hwang’s salary. The
factual elements underlying the secondment arrangement were already in
Asplenium’s supporting affidavits and the initial round of written
submissions. Further, the tax invoices which evidence the arrangement were
issued long before the present dispute arose and there was no suggestion by
CKR that these were sham documents. In the light of the foregoing, and having
regard the point I made at [52] above, I was not persuaded that the secondment
arrangement was an afterthought contrived by Asplenium,

(X) Conclusion on employment relationship

87 Taking into account the foregoing factors holistically, and especially
having regard to my finding that both the control test and integration test
had been met, I found that an employment relationship existed between Hwang
and Tuan Sing in respect of the work which Hwang did for Tuan Sing.

(B) Whether purposive interpretation required non-recognition of employment
relationship between Hwang and Tuan Sing

88 CKR submitted that, even if the weight of evidence supported the existence
of an employment relationship, Hwang should still not be regarded as an
employee of Tuan Sing for the purpose of s 128A because that would be contrary
to the legislative intent underlying the promulgation of s 128A of the EA. In
support, CKR referred to what it described as the “carefully calibrated
approach” adopted in s 128A(4) of the EA, which allowed a legal counsel
employed by one company in a group to be treated as a legal counsel of another
company in the same group only if those companies meet the criteria for
“related corporations” under s 6 of the CA. CKR also referred to a question
from Mr Hri Kumar SC during the second reading of the Evidence (Amendment)
Bill 2012 on whether s 128A(4) could be extended to related limited liability
partnerships, to which the Minister for Law gave the following reply:

On Mr Kumar’s third issue concerning the scope of section 128A(4), he queried
why the privilege for legal counsel is extended to companies and their related
corporations but such benefit is not extended to limited liability
partnerships and their related entities. These concerns have been raised by
accounting firms who feel that they would be disadvantaged by the provisions.
We are aware of the accounting firms’ concerns. They have written to us. My
Ministry is in touch with them. The current extension of privilege to related
corporations in section 128(4) [sic] is a concession to corporate reality.
Many MNCs operate under a group of related companies and the Companies Act has
a definition of “related corporation”. No similar definition exists in the
Limited Liability Partnerships Act.

The suggestion is that there be a definition of direct or indirect ownership
to be used to determine legitimate related entities of limited liability
partnerships. That goes well beyond the scope of today’s amendments and we
felt that that needed more careful study. We need to be able to establish a
clear nexus between the entity employing the legal counsel and the related
entity claiming privilege, or run the risk that the provision will be abused
to hide communications or material that should be rightly disclosed, be it for
investigation, inspection or transparency. …

89 CKR also relied on a passage in the Report of the Law Reform Committee on
Reforming Legal Professional Privilege (October 2011) (Chairman: Harpreet
Singh Nehal SC) (“LRC Report”) which cautioned (at para 123) against an
unrestrained extension of the privilege to communications with in-house legal
counsel. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

CKR’s Submissions dated 11 January 2017 at paras 50-51; CKR’s Submissions
dated 3 July 2017 at para 41.

90 In my view, CKR had cited the LRC Report out of context. It was clear from
para 122 of the LRC Report that the phrase “unrestrained extension of the
privilege to communications with in-house counsel” referred to one of the
three options being considered in the LRC Report. The other two options
considered were “reject the extension” and “extend the privilege
restrictively”. Therefore, the content of the “unrestrained extension” option
could only be understood by contrasting it with the content of the “extend the
privilege restrictively” option, which incidentally was the option eventually
recommended in the LRC Report. As explained in paras 125–127 of the LRC
Report, the restrictions envisaged under this recommended option were that:
(a) privilege should not attach to materials which lack confidentiality; and
(b) the in-house legal counsel must have been instructed for his independent
advice, as if he were an external counsel.

91 As can be seen from the terms of s 128A, these recommendations were not
fully adopted by Parliament. More importantly, there was no discussion at all
in the LRC Report of an extension of the privilege to related companies or
entities. Therefore, the “unrestrained extension” option discussed in para 123
of the LRC Report could not have referred to an unrestrained extension of the
privilege to related entities. Instead, it had merely referred to an extension
without restraint regarding the confidentiality of the materials concerned and
the independence of the in-house legal counsel. For this reason, the LRC
Report shed no light on the issue before me.

92 As for the passage cited from the Minister’s answer to Mr Hri Kumar SC’s
question in Parliament (at [88] above), the takeaways were as follows:

(a) the Government had considered whether to extend the privilege beyond
companies and their related corporations but decided against doing so, partly
because a ready definition of “related corporations” already existed in the
CA;

(b) any extension beyond that required further study and would have to await
future reforms; and

(c) consequently, the court should not take it upon itself to extend the
privilege beyond the entities already set out in s 128A(4).

93 In my view, these propositions were uncontroversial. Parliament had enacted
s 128A(4) and confined its scope to related corporations as defined in the CA.
There was no question that the court must not extend the scope of s 128A(4)
beyond the terms upon which it was enacted by Parliament. But I failed to see
how these propositions could lead logically to CKR’s contention that
recognising Hwang as Tuan Sing’s employee would amount to an unwarranted
extension of the scope of s 128A(4) or be otherwise contrary to Parliament’s
intention. Hwang was recognised in fact as an employee of Tuan Sing because
the relationship between Hwang and Tuan Sing met the common law test for the
existence of an employment relationship; Hwang was not a deemed employee of
Tuan Sing by operation of s 128A(4) of the EA. On my analysis, s 128A(4) was
simply not engaged here.

94 In the first place, it was unclear from CKR’s submissions whether it was
contending, when construing the term “employed” and its cognate expressions as
used in s 128A, that:

(a) it would be inconsistent with Parliament’s intention to recognise a legal
counsel seconded to another organisation as a legal counsel of the
organisation to which he is seconded; or

(b) it would be inconsistent with Parliament’s intention to give such
recognition only if the secondment is on a part time basis such that the legal
counsel continued to work concurrently both for his original employer and for
the organisation to which he is seconded.

95 If CKR’s submission was as set out at [94(a)], a complete answer to this is
found in the use of the word “seconded” in s 3(7) of the EA, which defines the
term “legal counsel” for the purposes of, amongst other things, s 128A. Since
Parliament was prepared to recognise that a public officer seconded to a
statutory body could be treated as legal counsel of the statutory body, it
would appear that there is nothing repugnant in the notion of secondment per
se. After all, the key words used in s 128A are “employed” and “employment”
and, as demonstrated above, there is an established set of criteria for
determining when a seconded employee should be considered the employee of the
organisation to which he is seconded.

96 A submission in the form set out at [94(b)], on the other hand, was more
nuanced and warranted further analysis. Unlike the case of a legal counsel
seconded on a full-time basis so that he ceases to work for his original
employer, part-time secondment which allows the legal counsel to work
concurrently for both employers presented a factual matrix which appeared, at
least superficially, to come close to allowing a circumvention of the limits
of s 128A(4).

97 The fear is this. Pursuant to s 128A(4) of the EA, a legal counsel employed
by one company within a group of companies is deemed to be concurrently a
legal counsel of all other companies within that group which have a sufficient
nexus with the first company to be considered related corporations (as defined
in s 6 of the CA). Suppose there is another company which is related to the
first company by, for instance, common shareholding or common directorship,
but the nexus between these two companies is not sufficient for them to
qualify as related corporations. If a legal counsel of the first company could
be treated concurrently as a legal counsel of this other company by virtue of
a part-time secondment arrangement, would it amount to a circumvention of s
128A(4)?

98 To answer this, we need to consider why s 128A(4) was enacted in the first
place. As noted at [88] above, the Minister explained that s 128A(4) is a
“concession to corporate reality” and that “[m]any MNCs operate under a group
of related companies”. Further, in both the press release issued by the
Ministry of Law on 30 September 2011 seeking public feedback on the proposed
amendments to the EA and the press release issued on 16 January 2012
responding to the public feedback received, it was explained that the
extension of the legal professional privilege to an in-house legal counsel
would “increase Singapore’s attractiveness as a location for MNCs’ in-house
legal departments and enhance our stature as a hub for legal and commercial
services”.

99 Thus, one of the purposes of s 128A is to increase Singapore’s
attractiveness as a location for MNCs’ in-house legal departments, while s
128A(4) is a concession to the corporate reality that many of the MNCs operate
under a group of related companies. In my view, a part of this corporate
reality is no doubt the fact that many of the MNCs operate by way of a central
in-house legal department providing legal advice and assistance to all or most
related companies within the group as opposed to requiring each related
company to employ its own in-house legal counsel. Section 128A(4) would
therefore allow legal advice given by such central in-house legal departments
to related companies to be covered by legal professional privilege, without
the need to prove that the legal counsel concerned is in an employment
relationship with each subsidiary receiving such advice. In the absence of s
128A(4), these MNCs may be compelled to restructure their intra-group legal
processes, either by decentralizing their in-house legal departments or by
requiring every legal counsel in their central in-house legal departments to
enter into separate employment contracts with each and every company within
the group.

100 What this means is that the option of a legal counsel being engaged in
concurrent employment arrangements with two or more separate companies was
always available, whether with or without s 128A(4). It therefore followed
that s 128A(4) was intended to be facilitative rather than restrictive. It
filled in a gap where no concurrent employment arrangements existed, but did
not to prevent the formation of concurrent employment arrangements. Understood
in this way, there is clearly no circumvention of s 128A(4) of the EA when
concurrent employment arrangements are entered into.

101 There should also be no concern of opening the floodgates if concurrent
employment is recognised, as the criteria to be fulfilled would remain the
same – that of “employed” or “employment”. Thus, a situation of concurrent
employment would be recognised only if the test for the existence of an
employment relationship is met in relation to both putative employers.

102 For the reasons given above, I held that it was not inconsistent with
Parliament’s intention or the purpose of s 128A to recognise that Hwang was
employed by Tuan Sing, even though he was concurrently employed by Nuri.

(C) Conclusion

103 Consequently, on the basis of my finding that Hwang was a legal counsel
employed by Tuan Sing at the material time, he was also:

(a) deemed to be a legal counsel employed by Asplenium by virtue of s 128A(4)
of the EA for the purpose of s 128A(1) of the EA; and

(b) regarded as a legal professional adviser of Asplenium within the meaning
of s 131(1) of the EA by virtue of s 131(2)(b) read with s 128A(4) of the EA.

Whether Sia was authorised to seek and receive legal advice on behalf of
Asplenium

104 I turn now to CKR’s second objection, which was instead focused on Sia,
with whom Hwang had communicated in respect of the Item 3 documents. In
particular, it was argued that legal advice privilege could not attach to the
Item 3 documents because Sia was (a) not an employee of Asplenium, and/or (b)
not authorised to deal with Asplenium’s lawyers.

105 The first limb of CKR’s submission was relatively sophisticated. The basis
of the submission was s 131(2)(b) of the EA which has been reproduced above
(at [28]). The material phrase reads:

… any communication which has taken place between any officer or employee of
an entity and a legal counsel employed, or deemed under section 128(4) or (5)
to be employed, by the entity… [emphasis added]

106 CKR contended that legal advice privilege did not attach to the Item 3
documents because they were not communications between Hwang and “any officer
or employee” of Asplenium, as required under s 131(2)(b) of the EA. While the
same requirement did not appear in the text of s 128A(1), CKR submitted that
ss 128A and 131 should be read consistently to require an officer or employee
of the company to have been a party to the allegedly privileged
communications.

107 I was not persuaded by CKR’s submission for a few reasons.

108 First, in my view, CKR’s argument placed more weight on s 131(2)(b) of the
EA than it could bear. Section 131(2) is a definitional provision to define
the term “legal professional adviser” as used in s 131(1) of the EA. Its focus
and purpose is to identify who the legal counsel is for the purposes of the
statutory privilege provided for in s 131(1) of the EA. It would be
inappropriate to read phrases in s 131(2)(b) as imposing a substantive limit
on the scope of s 131(1) in a manner not related to the identification of the
legal counsel concerned. As stated in Diggory Bailey and Luke Norbury, Bennion
on Statutory Interpretation (LexisNexis, 7th Ed, 2017) (“Bennion”) at p 473:

As a general rule substantive provision will not be incorporated in a
definition. This is for the simple reason that the reader approaching a
definition would not normally expect it to be more than a definition. Where
there is doubt in relation to a provision framed as a definition the courts
will tend to construe it restrictively and confine it to the proper function
of a definition.

109 This principle is illustrated by the case of Hrushka v Canada (Minister of
Foreign Affairs) [2009] FC 69 (“Hrushka”), which was cited in the footnote to
the passage from the above-cited quotation from Bennion. The question in
Hrushka was whether Passport Canada, which was Canada’s passport authority,
had the power to withhold passport services from an individual for a defined
period. While the Canadian Passport Order SI/81-86 (Can) provided Passport
Canada with the power to refuse to grant a passport under s 9 and the power to
revoke a passport under s 10, there were no substantive provisions conferring
on Passport Canada the power to withhold passport services. It was argued by
the respondent that this power could be found in s 2, which provided as
follows:

"Passport Canada" means a section of the Department of Foreign Affairs and
International Trade, wherever located, that has been charged by the Minister
with the issuing, refusing, revoking, withholding, recovery and use of
passports.

[emphasis added]

110 The Federal Court of Canada rejected the argument and held that:

(a) s 2 of the Canadian Passport Order was simply descriptive of a particular
government department that had been charged with certain responsibilities;

(b) it did not confer power on Passport Canada to take any of the actions
enumerated in the provision; and

(c) the respondent’s argument “r[an] contrary to the use and purpose of
statutory definitions and recognised drafting conventions… a statutory
definition does not typically have substantive content”.

111 I agreed with this aspect of the reasoning in Hrushka, and for the same
reason disagreed with the substantive qualification that CKR sought to draw
from the definitional provision in s 131(2)(b).

112 Secondly, nothing in the text of s 128A itself suggested that, in a
situation involving deemed employment pursuant to s 128A(4), privilege under s
128A(1) would not attach to communications between the legal counsel and an
employee of the legal counsel’s actual (as opposed to deemed) employer. While
there is a reference to “any officer or employee of the entity” in s 128A(1),
this did not assist CKR because, first, it was in relation to only one of
three limbs defining the scope of privilege conferred in s 128A(1), and second
, the word “or” which immediately preceded the reference meant that privilege
would also attach to advice “given by [the legal counsel] to the entity” even
if not communicated through the entity’s officers or employees. Both of these
points suggested that it was not of significance to the drafter of s 128A
whether the allegedly privileged communication was made through an officer or
employee of the entity concerned or through someone else. All the more, it
could not have been Parliament’s intention for the subsistence of privilege
under s 128A(1) of the EA to turn on whether the legal counsel had
communicated with officers and employees of the legal counsel’s actual or
deemed employer.

113 Thirdly, I did not agree with CKR’s submission that s 128A of the EA
should be read consistently with s 131(1) and therefore be subject to the same
definitional requirements in s 131(2)(b). For one thing, there was no reason
or basis for the court to read words into s 128A that does not appear on its
face. This is all the more so when s 131(2) is explicitly stated to be a
statutory definition applicable to ss 129 and 131 of the EA; in contrast, s
128A is not mentioned and therefore cannot, as a matter of statutory
construction, be taken as included within its scope. Thus, whatever impact the
statutory definition in s 131(2)(b) may have on s 131(1), it cannot have any
impact on the scope of s 128A. Furthermore, CKR’s argument on consistency cut
both ways: as much as it could mean that s 128A should be read consistently
with s 131(1) to require Sia to be an officer or employee of Asplenium in
order for the Item 3 documents to be privileged (assuming that s 131 did in
fact impose such a requirement), it could also mean that s 131(1) should be
read consistently with s 128A of the EA such that privilege could be sustained
whether Sia was employed by Asplenium or Tuan Sing.

114 Fourthly, the logical consequence of CKR’s submission was to preclude not
only Asplenium from claiming privilege in respect of the Item 3 documents, but
also to preclude most special purpose vehicles in corporate groups who have no
operational staff of their own from claiming such privilege under ss 128A and
131 of the EA. Such a result cannot be right or intended. As the Minister
explained during the second reading of the amendment Bill, “[t]he current
extension of privilege to related corporations in section 128(4) [sic] is a
concession to corporate reality. Many MNCs operate under a group of related
companies…” In this case, as highlighted by Asplenium’s counsel during oral
submissions, Asplenium, being a special purpose vehicle of Tuan Sing, had no
staff of its own. The only persons who could act on behalf of Asplenium were
therefore employees of Tuan Sing designated to manage Asplenium’s projects and
affairs. If CKR’s submission was correct, then save in the situation where
Asplenium employed its own staff to communicate with Hwang, Asplenium would
have no entitlement to privilege in respect of any communication with Hwang no
matter the legal context or content. This seemed to me wholly unrealistic and
contrary to Parliamentary intention.

115 For these reasons, I did not consider persuasive CKR’s argument that the
Item 3 documents ought not be considered privileged merely because Sia was an
employee of Tuan Sing and not of Asplenium.

116 As for the second limb of CKR’s argument – that Sia was not authorised to
seek or receive legal advice in relation to the Project – there was clearly no
basis for this submission. CKR relied on the Court of Appeal decision in
Scandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and other appeals [2007] 2 SLR(R) 367 (“APBS”)
in which the Court of Appeal stated, in relation to s 128 of the EA, that
“[t]he principle is that if an employee is not authorised to communicate with
the company’s solicitors for the purpose of obtaining legal advice, then that
communication is not protected by legal advice privilege” (at [41]). It is
important to bear in mind that APBS concerned authorisation to seek and
receive advice from external counsel, rather than in-house legal counsel. In
that context, the Court of Appeal explained (at [41]):

… The principle is that if an employee is not authorised to communicate with
the company’s solicitors for the purpose of obtaining legal advice, then that
communication is not protected by legal advice privilege. We do not find this
principle exceptional. When a company retains solicitors for legal advice, the
client must be the company. But since a company can only act through its
employees, communications made by employees who are authorised to do so would
be communications made “on behalf of his client”. … Authorisation need not be
express: it may be implied, if that function is related to or arises out of
[sic] relevant employee’s work. [emphasis added]

117 Insofar as APBS may be taken to impose a requirement of specific
authorisation of the company’s employees in order for communications between
such employees and the company’s external lawyers to come within the terms of
s 128, I was doubtful that a similar requirement applied in the context of s
128A of the EA to in-house legal counsel. First, as a matter of statutory
interpretation, there is no phrase “on behalf of his client” in s 128A of the
EA, unlike in s 128 of the EA, and it was this phrase on which the Court of
Appeal’s statement on the requirement of authorisation appeared to be
premised. Secondly, it is conceptually and practically difficult to say that a
company’s employee must be specifically authorised to seek and receive legal
advice from the company’s own in-house legal counsel, who is in fact simply
another of its employees, failing which such communications would be deprived
of the protection of privilege.

118 For similar reasons, I placed little weight on the two English authorities
cited by CKR: Three Rivers District Council and others v Governor and Company
of the Bank of England (No 5) [2003] 1 QB 1556 (“Three Rivers”) and Re RBS
(Rights Issue Litigation) [2017] 1 WLR 1991. Both of these cases involved
instructions to seek and receive advice from external lawyers and should not
be used to define the meaning of our local statute insofar as s 128A and s
131(1) read with s 131(2)(b) is concerned. Although the Court of Appeal in
APBS held that Three Rivers was not inconsistent with s 128 of the EA, the
court was not contending with s 128A of the EA and, again, was concerned with
the situation of a company seeking advice from its external lawyers.

119 In any case, the Court of Appeal in APBS had expressly and unequivocally
accepted as satisfactory implicit authorisation to seek or receive legal
advice arising by virtue of one’s position or role in the company (see [116]
above). As the project manager in charge of the Project, I was of the view
that Sia must be taken to have been implicitly authorised to seek and receive
legal advice regarding the Project from Hwang. This authorisation stemmed from
the fact of his appointment as project manager of the Project and as Vice
President (Projects) of Tuan Sing. Against this, CKR submitted that it was
“unlikely” that Sia would have been given such authority, because he was
represented by different counsel as Asplenium in subsequent court proceedings.
In my view, this was a leap of logic. Even if Sia’s interests in the legal
proceedings commenced in 2015 were not entirely coincident with Asplenium’s
(thereby necessitating separate legal representation), that did not mean that
Sia had no authority back in September and October 2014 to perform the duties
which he was appointed to perform as Asplenium’s project manager.

Whether Lam being copied in the e-mails was fatal to Asplenium’s assertion of
privilege

120 Turning then to the involvement of Lam, he was the quantity surveyor
designated in the Contract for the Project. CKR submitted that Asplenium could
not assert privilege in the Item 3 documents because (a) Lam was copied in the
e-mails even though he was clearly not an employee of Asplenium; and/or (b) it
was Lam, and not Asplenium or Sia or Hwang, who was being asked to disclose
the documents. Although it did not explicitly state so, the first part of
CKR’s submission appeared to concern the question of waiver of privilege.
Indeed, CKR cited in support of this argument a quotation from Halsbury at
para 120.396 which came under the heading “When is privilege lost”.

121 I was not persuaded by CKR’s submission that privilege had been waived in
respect of the Item 3 documents, whether explicitly or implicitly.

122 First, on express waiver, s 128A(1) of the EA states that the privilege
applies “except with the entity’s express consent”. Although s 131 does not
contain a similar phrase, there is authority that only express waiver is
similarly contemplated, to the exclusion of the possibility of implied waiver
(see, for instance, Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Evidence and the Litigation Process
(LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2017) (“Pinsler on Evidence”) at para 14.083). There was
no evidence that Asplenium had expressly waived privilege in the Item 3
documents.

123 Secondly, even assuming that s 128A of the EA could accommodate the
doctrine of implied waiver, I did not consider that implied waiver could be
inferred from the mere fact that Lam had been copied in the e-mails concerned.
In this regard, reference should be made to the Court of Appeal’s decision in
ARX v CIT. That case concerned an allegation that the party claiming privilege
had impliedly waived the privilege by referring to the purportedly privileged
material during the course of litigation. Nevertheless, several observations
by the Court of Appeal are of general application to the doctrine of implied
waiver, including this statement of principle at [67]:

… In every case of implied waiver there must be inconsistency, for the essence
of implied waiver is the implicit relinquishment of a right through
inconsistent conduct. However, it is not every case of inconsistent conduct
that will warrant a finding of implied waiver. …

124 So far as implied waiver by selective disclosure is concerned, the
following statement by the High Court in United Overseas Bank Ltd v Lippo
Marina Collection Pte Ltd and others [2018] 4 SLR 391 (“Lippo”) at [68] was
also notable:

68 On this premise, in a situation where the privileged document is disclosed
to, presented to, or shared with another, what matters is the context and
purpose for which this was done. If the document is indeed supplied in
confidence, that act of sharing would not amount to implied waiver. If the
circumstances show that confidence is intended to be surrendered, or
disregarded, by that act of sharing, then that act amounts to waiver even if
no express words have been used to that effect. The question is whether a
shield of confidentiality can reasonably be expected to exist following the
sharing of the heretofore privileged document. In this regard, it should be
noted that “[g]iven the importance of legal professional privilege, waiver is
not to be easily implied” (ARX at [69]). [emphasis added]

An appeal from this decision was dismissed by the Court of Appeal without
written grounds.

125 In the present case, there was nothing inconsistent between the fact that
Lam was copied in the e-mails which constituted the Item 3 documents, and
Asplenium’s assertion of privilege over the same documents. At the time the
e-mails were written, Lam had a legitimate and not insignificant role in the
Project as the designated quantity surveyor. Consequently, copying him in the
e-mails was not an act that could be taken as showing an intention to
surrender or disregard the confidentiality of the e-mails on the part of
Asplenium. In the words of Lippo, a shield of confidentiality could reasonably
be expected to exist even following the sharing of these e-mails with Lam.
These e-mails were also not part of the public domain. Accordingly, there was
neither express nor implied wavier of privilege in respect of the Item 3
documents.

126 CKR’s second argument regarding Lam was essentially that, even if the Item
3 documents were privileged, Lam was a third party to the deemed employment
relationship between Asplenium and Hwang. Therefore, he (as well as the other
RLB Defendants) was not precluded from disclosing these documents and, indeed,
Lam did not expressly object to doing so as he had referenced the Item 3
documents in Part 1 of Schedule 1 of the SLOD.

127 Asplenium countered that with two submissions. First, the Item 3 documents
were not released into the public domain and therefore retained an element of
confidentiality such that the Court could and should restrain their use as
evidence in Suit 37. Secondly, s 133 of the EA entitled Lam to refuse to
disclose the Item 3 documents, and neither of the only two exceptions to the
provision, namely, (a) if the production of the document is for the purpose of
identification; or (b) where the person entitled to refuse production consents
to such production (see Butterworths’ Annotated Statutes of Singapore vol 5
(Butterworths Asia, 1997 issue) at p 361), applied in the present case.

128 Section 133 of the EA states as follows:

Production of documents which another person having possession could refuse to
produce

133\. No one shall be compelled to produce documents in his possession which
any other person would be entitled to refuse to produce if they were in his
possession, except for the purpose of identification, unless such last-
mentioned person consents to their production, nor shall anyone who is
entitled to refuse to produce a document be compelled to give oral evidence of
its contents.

129 Pinsler on Evidence stated as follows regarding s 133 of the EA (at para
15.062):

Section 133 of the [EA] provides that no person can be compelled to produce
documents in his possession ‘which any other person would be entitled to
refuse to produce if they were in his possession, except for the purpose of
identification’. An exception applies when the ‘other person’ consents to the
production of the document(s). The section also provides that a person who is
entitled to refuse to produce a document under this rule cannot be compelled
to give oral evidence of its contents. The scope of this section is considered
to be limited to the situation in which a person officially holds a privileged
document on behalf of another person; for example, a trustee, a solicitor and
a mortgagee. The effect of the provision is that while the person in
possession of a document is not obliged to disclose it, he is not prohibited
from revealing it if this is his intention. Section 133 is also considered in
the context of privileged documents which fall into the hands of third
parties. [emphasis added]

130 With respect, I had some reservations about Professor Jeffrey Pinsler’s
statement that s 133 applied only to a situation where a person “officially
holds a privileged document on behalf of another person”. No authority was
cited for this proposition, and indeed, the opening words of s 133 (“No
one…”), is broad and unqualified. If the provision were indeed intended to be
restricted to situations involving official entrustment of privileged
documents, it could easily have been worded as such. Moreover, neither party
before me had sought to argue that s 133 was not applicable by virtue of the
absence of official entrustment between Asplenium and Lam. Thus, I was of the
view that s 133 of the EA applied to a person in the situation of Lam: that
is, to a person who is a third party to the employment relationship referenced
in ss 128A and 131 of the EA even though there was no official entrustment of
documents to him.

131 However, a separate question from the applicability of s 133 of the EA was
that of its effect. In this regard, I was of the view that this provision does
not by its own force preclude a third party (such as Lam) from disclosing the
privileged documents, even though it does entitle such a third party to refuse
to do so. To this extent, I agreed with CKR’s submission (see [126] above).
This conclusion is supported by Pinsler on Evidence (see [129] above), and
also apparent from the statutory language of s 133 (“No one shall be
compelled…”), which stood in contrast to that, for instance, in s 128A(1) of
the EA (“… shall not be permitted…”). Therefore, without more, s 133 of the EA
only empowered the Court to declare that Lam (as well as Rider and RLB) was
not bound by the specific discovery order made in relation to the Item 3
documents.

132 Having said that, independently of s 133 of the EA, it is trite law that
an injunction may be granted to prevent the unauthorised use in court
proceedings of information contained in privileged material which would in
most instances be of a confidential nature. This is a facet of the court’s
equitable jurisdiction to restrain breaches of confidence (see Mykytowych,
Pamela Jane v V I P Hotel [2016] 4 SLR 829 (“Mykytowych”) at [58]–[67]). In
Wee Shuo Woon v HT SRL [2017] 2 SLR 94 (“Wee Shuo Woon”), the Court of Appeal
explained as follows (at [28]):

… the general principle is that equity imposes a duty of confidence whenever a
person receives information he knows or ought to know to be fairly and
reasonably regarded as confidential. This includes the situation where an
obviously confidential document is wafted by an electric fan out of a window
into a crowded street or is dropped in a public place and is picked up by a
passer-by (Attorney-General v Guardian Newspapers (No 2) [1990] 1 AC 109
(“Spycatcher”) at 281, per Lord Goff of Chievely; Campbell v MGN Ltd [2004] 2
AC 457 at [14], per Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead). When such confidential
information is also privileged, an application may be made to restrain its use
for the purposes of litigation…

133 In my view, injunctive relief restraining the RLB Defendants from
disclosing the Item 3 documents was in order. Lam had obtained the e-mails
containing legal advice provided by Hwang to Sia by virtue of his involvement
in the Project, in circumstances where it must have been clear that such
e-mails containing legal advice were internal to Asplenium and its related
entities, and were not to be disclosed to any other party or for any other
purpose. In the words of Wee Shuo Woon, Lam had received the e-mails in a
context where he knew or ought to have known that they should fairly and
reasonably be regarded as confidential. Notably, CKR did not dispute the
confidentiality of the e-mails, but rather submitted that “even if Items 3 and
4 are found to be privileged in the first place, and retained its privilege
and confidential status, the issue remains how [the RLB Defendants] have
exercised their choice under section 133”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

4th Respondent’s Submissions dated 24 July 2017 at para 17.

This was erroneous as a matter of law, since nothing suggested that s 133 of
the EA precluded the equitable power of the courts to restrain use in court
proceedings of information contained in privileged material of a confidential
nature, at least before such information was in fact used.

Whether legal advice privilege and/or litigation privilege subsisted in the
Item 4 documents

134 I turn now to the Item 4 documents. These comprised e-mails exchanged
between 10 and 31 October 2014 among Asplenium, Lam, and WongPartnership LLP
relating to the preparation of the Annexures (see [6] and [10(b)] above).
Asplenium explained that the Annexures were a set of accounts that “basically
represent[ed] the estimated amount of loss that [Asplenium] incurred and/or
would incur arising from the termination as a result of [CKR’s purported]
breach at that time”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Asplenium’s Submissions dated 10 January 2017 at para 46.

It further explained that these e-mails contained legal advice that it had
obtained from WongPartnership LLP as its solicitors regarding the collation of
evidence for the evaluation and substantiation of its claim against CKR. On
this basis, it claimed both legal advice and litigation privilege in relation
to the Item 4 documents. I have outlined Asplenium and CKR’s cases in relation
to the Item 4 documents above at [17] and [19] respectively.

Whether litigation privilege applied

135 In Mykytowych, the Court of Appeal summarised the requirements of
litigation privilege in the following terms (at [52]):

For litigation privilege to apply, two conditions must be satisfied:

(a) First, as a threshold matter, the party claiming such privilege must show
that there is a reasonable prospect of litigation (see Three Rivers District
Council v Bank of England (No 6) [2005] 1 AC 610 and Hellenic Mutual War Risks
Association (Bermuda) Ltd and General Contractors Importing and Services
Enterprises v Harrison [1997] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 160 at 166, both of which were
cited with approval in Skandinaviska at [71]). In this regard, there is no
requirement that the chances of litigation must be higher than 50%, nor that
there must be a virtual certainty of litigation (see Skandinaviska at [71] and
[73], disapproving of Collins v London General Omnibus Company (1893) 68 LT
831).

(b) Second, the dominant purpose for which the advice was sought or obtained
must have been for litigation (see Waugh v British Railways Board [1980] AC
521, which was similarly cited with approval in Skandinaviska at [75]).

136 In my view, it was clear that both requirements were satisfied in respect
of the Item 4 documents. The Item 4 documents were e-mails created in October
2014. From as early as 11 September 2014, however, Asplenium had started to
send notices to CKR stating that CKR was “failing to proceed with diligence
and due expedition [on the Project]” and giving notice under the Contract for
CKR to rectify the errors. These letters also threatened, if CKR continued to
proceed “without due diligence or expedition following expiry of this notice”,
that the Contract may be terminated. The Contract was subsequently formally
terminated by Asplenium on 24 October 2014. Soon thereafter, on 4 November
2014, Asplenium called on a performance bond issued on behalf of CKR. The next
day, on 5 November 2014, CKR applied for an injunction restraining Asplenium
from calling on the performance bond. On 10 November 2014, CKR commenced
arbitration proceedings against Asplenium in respect of the termination of the
Contract. Clearly, litigation between the parties came swiftly and decisively
upon formal termination of the Contract. Against this backdrop, there was
clearly more than a reasonable prospect of litigation at the time the Item 4
documents were communicated. Indeed, litigation would have been foremost in
the minds of the parties by the time the Contract was formally terminated.
Given the timing of the events, including Asplenium’s swift decision to call
on the performance bond on 4 November 2014 which would most definitely have
provoked defensive manoeuvres on CKR’s part, I also accepted Asplenium’s
submission that the Item 4 documents were created for the dominant purpose of
litigation, and specifically, to quantify the amount that was to be called on
the performance bond.

137 CKR’s main argument on the subsistence of litigation privilege was that
the Annexures as a set of accounts were “routine documents” and therefore
could not be privileged, because they were not created for the dominant
purpose of litigation. I did not agree. There is no magic to the word
“routine”. Even if such accounts were routinely prepared during the
termination of construction contracts as an industrial norm, there was no
reason why that would preclude the particular accounts in question here from
being prepared for the dominant purpose of litigation between the parties.

138 CKR also argued that Lam should not have been under the direction or
instruction of either Asplenium or CKR in assessing the losses that Asplenium
had suffered from the purported breach of the Contract because he was under an
obligation, as the quantity surveyor appointed under the Contract, to act
fairly and independently. Therefore, he should not be allowed to use privilege
to shield his (alleged) breaches of duty as the quantity surveyor. In my view,
even assuming that there were duties of impartiality binding on Lam, there was
no merit to CKR’s submission that this should affect my findings on privilege
in respect of the Item 4 documents. Insofar as CKR’s allegations concerned the
merits of Suit 37, it was not appropriate for me to come to a conclusion on
them at this stage. Insofar as CKR was relying on the fraud or illegality
exception to privilege, I was of the view that the unsubstantiated allegations
made at the present stage were insufficient to invoke the exception.

139 For the foregoing reasons, I was of the view that litigation privilege
subsisted in the Item 4 documents.

Whether legal advice privilege applied

140 As regards the subsistence of legal advice privilege, I agreed that such
privilege would attach to the Item 4 documents since they contained the advice
and input of Asplenium’s solicitors, WongPartnership LLP, on the set of
accounts that they represented and the manner they were drafted. As I
mentioned (at [21]), there was no request by CKR for a redacted disclosure of
the parts of the documents that did not contain such legal advice, but even if
there had been such a request, it was not clear that the documents would have
been severable (see, for instance, APBS at [98]–[99]).

141 CKR’s main rebuttal was that Sia was not an employee of Asplenium
authorised to seek or receive legal advice on behalf of Asplenium. There were
two aspects to this submission. First, regarding Sia’s employment by
Asplenium, the points I made at [107]–[115] above apply. Secondly, regarding
the requirement of authorisation, I have also discussed this in respect of the
Item 3 documents above at [116]–[119]. Similarly here, although Asplenium’s
solicitors from WongPartnership LLP were not in-house legal counsel unlike
Hwang, I was of the view that Sia as the project manager of the Project and
Vice President (Projects) of Tuan Sing must also, by virtue of his role and
appointment, be taken to have been implicitly authorised to communicate with
WongPartnership LLP in preparation for a dispute arising from the termination
of the Contract. In particular, the Project was the very basis from which the
dispute arose, and Sia in his role as project manager was in all likelihood
most familiar with the facts and position of Asplenium and Tuan Sing.

142 For these reasons, I found that legal advice privilege subsisted in the
Item 4 documents.

Whether privilege was impliedly waived

143 CKR’s final argument was that both legal advice and litigation privilege
had been impliedly waived by Asplenium because the latter had put forth Lam as
an expert witness in OS 1025, and in that context, Lam had referred
extensively to the Item 4 documents in the course of his evidence. On that
basis, these e-mails could not be privileged because Lam had a duty to produce
the documents on which his expert opinion was based.

144 In my view, the premise of CKR’s argument – that Lam was an expert witness
in OS 1025 – was wholly unmeritorious. Instead, Lam had provided factual
evidence in OS 1025 in his role as the quantity surveyor appointed under the
Contract for the Project.

145 First, Lam had put himself out as a factual, rather than expert, witness.
The first paragraph of his affidavit in OS 1025 stated that he was the “named
Quantity Surveyor in the Contract”, and the affidavit then went on to list the
“facts of matters [which] are within my knowledge…” At no point did he claim
or acknowledge to be testifying in OS 1025 as an expert witness.

146 Secondly, O 40A r 3 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
provides for the requirements that an expert witness’s report must comply
with, including, for instance, details regarding the expert’s qualifications
and a statement that the expert understands that his duty is to the court and
not his appointee. None of these formalities ordinarily required of an expert
report were complied with in relation to Lam’s evidence in OS 1025, and there
was no indication that this had been the case because of CKR’s consent or on
the court’s direction.

147 Thirdly, it was not clear to me how Lam could have served as an expert
witness in OS 1025 without any objections or serious questions being raised
about his independence or the propriety of his appointment, when the subject
matter in dispute was precisely the termination of the Contract which Lam was
personally and integrally involved in, and when the nature of that involvement
was such as to associate him far more closely with one party (Asplenium) than
the other (CKR). In this regard, CKR submitted that “it is recognised practice
for an expert who advised a party to become an expert witness in the
proceedings”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

CKR’s Submissions dated 3 July 2017 at para 83.

Even if this was so in some situations, there was no indication that it was in
fact the case vis-à-vis Lam. Indeed, if CKR had genuinely believed that Lam
was called in OS 1025 as an expert witness, it would surely have made its
objections known in order to undermine the weight of Lam’s evidence. Yet,
there was no indication that CKR had raised any such objections in OS 1025.

148 Fourthly, CKR argued that Lam had given opinion evidence on the parties’
rights and liabilities under the Contract. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See CKR’s Submissions dated 3 July 2017 at para 80.

In my view, even if that is true, it did not in itself render Lam an expert
witness. Nothing highlighted by CKR showed that Lam, in giving evidence in OS
1025, had gone beyond statements of opinion needed as part and parcel of his
effort to justify and explain his factual evidence.

149 In the circumstances, I did not agree that Lam had given evidence in OS
1025 as an expert witness. Rather, CKR’s belated claim that Lam was an expert
witness in OS 1025 was clearly an afterthought. Consequently, Lam was not
obliged to disclose the Item 4 documents on the premise that they formed the
basis of his purported expert opinion. There was no other apparent basis for
Lam to be obliged to disclose the Item 4 documents by virtue merely of his
having testified in OS 1025.

Whether the relief sought should be granted

150 For the same reasons as I mentioned above (see [132]–[133]), although s
133 of the EA did not by its own force preclude the RLB Defendants from
disclosing the Item 4 documents which were privileged, an injunction may
nevertheless be granted to prevent the unauthorised use in court proceedings
of confidential information contained in such privileged material.

151 In my view, injunctive relief restraining the RLB Defendants from
disclosing the Item 4 documents was clearly justifiable because these
documents were created in anticipation of imminent litigation, a fact which
was known to Lam. It would have been clear beyond question that these
documents ought not to be disclosed to any other party or for any other
purpose, but for his relevant advice and input on the Annexures. In the
circumstances, Lam must fairly and reasonably have known that these documents
should be regarded as confidential, and injunctive relief restraining the
unauthorised use of such documents was therefore warranted.

Conclusion

152 For the foregoing reasons, I allowed the application and granted the
declaratory and injunctive reliefs sought by Asplenium in respect of the Item
3 documents which were protected by legal advice privilege, and the Item 4
documents which were protected by both litigation and legal advice privilege.

153 I also ordered that costs of the application and reasonable disbursements
be paid by CKR to Asplenium, the quantum of which was to be taxed if not
agreed.

Pang Khang Chau  
Judicial Commissioner

Chuah Chee Kian Christopher, Kua Lay Theng, Candy Agnes Sutedja, and Liana
Chek (WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Nicholas Beetsma (Clasis LLC) for the 1st to 3rd defendants;  
Vikram Nair, Zhuang Wenxiong, and Ching Meng Hang  
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the 4th defendant.

_________________________________

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

