Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 186

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9238 of 2018

Between

| Chung Wan  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Appeal]

[Administrative Law] — [Natural justice] — [Allegation of excessive judicial
interference]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chung Wan

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2019] SGHC 186

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9238 of 2018  
Aedit Abdullah J  
24 May 2019

14 August 2019 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 The appellant was convicted after trial for a charge of voluntarily causing
hurt, under s 323 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”). The
District Judge found that the Prosecution had proven beyond a reasonable doubt
that the appellant had slapped the complainant, a taxi driver. He sentenced
the appellant to four weeks’ imprisonment. The appellant now appeals against
his conviction and sentence.

2 The appellant also filed a related criminal motion in Criminal Motion No 12
of 2019 (“CM 12/2019”) to adduce fresh evidence. I allowed CM 12/2019 in part
and allowed parties to address me on the appeal on the basis of the newly
adduced evidence. Having considered the parties’ submissions and the evidence,
I dismiss both appeals against conviction and sentence. I also find that no
excessive judicial interference had occurred at the trial, contrary to the
appellant’s submissions. I set out my reasons in full below.

Facts

3 On 28 June 2017, the appellant boarded the complainant’s taxi after drinking
with his friends. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”) at p 201, Notes of Evidence (“NEs”) (3 July 2018) at
p 47 ln 12–22.

During the taxi journey, the appellant placed a cigarette in his mouth. It is
disputed whether the cigarette was lit. The appellant and complainant began
arguing. At 11.46pm, the complainant called the police while driving and
stated that he would drive the appellant to a police station. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROA at p 180, NEs (3 July 2018) at p 26 ln 6–8; ROA at p 400, Exhibit P1.

4 The complainant then drove his taxi to Blk 58 Marine Terrace, whereupon the
appellant and complainant alighted and began arguing outside the taxi.
Yussaini Bin Yussoff (“Yussaini”), a passer-by who had parked his Fiat Doblo
Maxi 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROA at p 46, NEs (2 July 2018) at p 28 ln 11–13.

(“Fiat”) by the roadside, overheard their shouting. It was during this
argument that the appellant allegedly slapped the complainant once on his left
cheek. At trial, Yussaini drew a diagram (marked and admitted as “Exhibit A”
and reproduced below at [24]) which showed the relative positions of the
complainant, the appellant and himself, and the complainant’s taxi and his
Fiat. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROA at p 399.

Yussaini described witnessing the appellant slap the complainant.

5 The complainant called the police at 11.53pm to state that he had called
earlier and conveyed his location. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROA at p 180, NEs (3 July 2018) at p 26 ln 11–18; ROA at p 401, Exhibit P2.

The appellant called the police at 11.54pm to state: “I’m drunk and took a cab
[license plate number]. He said I slapped him.” 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA at pp 180–181, NEs (3 July 2018) at p 26 ln 23 – p 27 ln 16; ROA at p 451,
Exhibit D1.

After the police responded to the incident, the complainant drove to the
Singapore General Hospital (“SGH”), where he was medically examined. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROA at p 122, NEs (2 July 2018) at p 104 ln 2–18.

Decision below

6 The District Judge’s grounds of decision are set out in full in Public
Prosecutor v Chung Wan [2019] SGMC 9 (“GD”).

7 The District Judge believed the complainant’s account of the events prior to
the assault, namely, that the appellant opened the taxi door while the taxi
was in motion, and subsequently smoked in the taxi and used vulgarities on the
complainant. The District Judge found the complainant’s evidence to be simple
and truthful and corroborated by the evidence of SC Sgt Muhammad Muneer (“Sgt
Muneer”), one of the responding officers. The appellant’s account that he
mistakenly used vulgarities because he believed himself to be in his friend’s
car instead was not credible, given that he stated in his long statement that
he knew he had been in a taxi (GD at [26]–[32]).

8 The District Judge also believed Yussaini’s testimony to the effect that he
had witnessed the appellant slapping the complainant. He determined that
Yussaini was an independent witness with no motive to falsely implicate the
appellant (GD at [43]). The District Judge found, however, that the appellant
gave three versions of the alleged assault that were internally inconsistent,
and that his credit was impeached (GD at [44]–[55], [58]–[60]).

9 The District Judge next found that the complainant’s account of the assault
was corroborated by the medical evidence, which established that he was
diagnosed with a “contusion of face” and “tenderness” over his left cheek (GD
at [65]–[70]). He dismissed the Defence’s submissions that the inconsistencies
in the complainant’s oral testimony (relating to the number of calls he made
to the police and what he said during those calls) undermined his credibility,
as the inconsistencies raised were not material (GD at [72]–[77]). The non-
availability of recordings from the in-car camera of the complainant’s taxi
was also not material, as there was insufficient proof that the evidence had
been suppressed or that such evidence would contain relevant footage (GD at
[78]–[81]).

10 The District Judge concluded that the Prosecution had proven its case
against the appellant beyond a reasonable doubt, and convicted the appellant
(GD at [82]). Balancing the relatively minor nature of the complainant’s
injury against the aggravating factors that the appellant had been intoxicated
and had been the source of the disagreement between himself and the
complainant, the District Judge applied Wong Hoi Len v Public Prosecutor
[2009] 1 SLR(R) 115 (“Wong Hoi Len”), which established at [20] a four-week
sentencing benchmark for a simple assault against a public transport worker.
He thus sentenced the appellant to a sentence of four weeks’ imprisonment (GD
at [85]–[86], [100]–[101]).

Criminal Motion No 12 of 2019

11 The applicant sought in CM 12/2019 to adduce the following evidence: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Appellants’ submissions dated 24 May 2019 (“AS”) at para 36.

(a) brochures obtained from the Fiat website that showed that Yussaini’s Fiat
had a height of 1.88m; and

(b) photographs of a scene reconstruction conducted by the appellant, based on
Exhibit A (reproduced below at [24]), 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROA at p 399.

that showed that Yussaini could not have witnessed the slap occur.

12 The Prosecution objected to the application to adduce fresh evidence. It
argued that the evidence as to whether Yussaini could have witnessed the slap
was inadmissible opinion evidence. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Prosecution’s submissions for CM 12/2019 dated 14 May 2019 (“PS for CM
12/2019”) at paras 8–9.

Furthermore, Yussaini’s diagram had not contained sufficient evidence as to
ground a reliable reconstruction of the scene. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PS for CM 12/2019 at paras 11–12.

Finally, the new evidence would not have an important influence on the result
of the case, as the appellant mischaracterised Yussaini’s evidence to be that
he had seen the events from over his Fiat, when he had testified that he was
standing at such an angle as to be able to see the appellant and complainant
at the time. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PS for CM 12/2019 at paras 15–17.

13 Having considered parties’ submissions, I agreed with the Prosecution to
the extent that the evidence from the scene reconstruction was not of a level
of reliability that satisfied the requirement set out in Ladd v Marshall
[1954] 1 WLR 1489 (affirmed in Soh Meiyun v Public Prosecutor [2014] 3 SLR 299
at [14]) that the evidence to be adduced must be such as is presumably to be
believed, ie, apparently credible, although it need not be incontrovertible.
The scene reconstruction involved opinion evidence about the angle or line of
sight that Yussaini had: whether or not Yussaini could hypothetically have
seen the offence take place would have been a point of “scientific, technical
or other specialised knowledge” which would have required expert evidence on
the basis of such specialised knowledge, using the language of ss 47(1) and
47(2) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). The evidence to be adduced
did not involve any such expert opinion.

14 Furthermore, the strength and putative weight of the evidence in the form
of the scene reconstruction would have been little, given that there was no
clear evidence about exactly where Yussaini actually stood. While, from the
record, one interpretation would be that he stood right next to his Fiat (see
Exhibit A reproduced below at [24]), it was also possible, and perhaps
probable, that he meant that he was not immediately next to the Fiat. But I
allowed the evidence as to the height of Yussaini’s Fiat to be adduced, and
proceeded to hear the parties’ submissions on the appeal on that basis.

The parties’ cases

The appellant’s case

15 The appellant argued that the conviction should be overturned on the
following bases:

(a) First, Yussaini’s evidence was at real risk of contamination as he
conversed with the complainant immediately after the slap allegedly occurred.
In the alternative, his evidence was not materially relevant as he would not
have been able to see the slap take place as the Fiat would have blocked his
view of the alleged offence.

(b) Second, no other evidence corroborated the complainant’s account. The
medical report was based on the complainant’s self-reporting. The evidence
allegedly from Sgt Muneer was wrongly admitted as hearsay evidence.

(c) Third, due to the lack of corroborative evidence, the complainant’s
testimony had to be “unusually convincing”: see XP v Public Prosecutor [2008]
4 SLR(R) 686 at [27]–[34]. This was not the case, given the internal and
external inconsistencies in his testimony and his failure to produce relevant
in-car camera footage. His embellishment of evidence also displayed his motive
to incriminate the appellant.

(d) Fourth, the District Judge erred in finding that the appellant’s evidence
was inconsistent.

16 The appellant also submitted that the District Judge had excessively
interfered with the proceedings and had prejudged the case: BOI v BOJ [2018] 2
SLR 1156 (“BOI”) at [107]–[113]. The District Judge had excessively
interrupted the Defence counsel’s cross-examination of Yussaini and the
complainant.

17 In the alternative, the appellant submitted that the sentence was
manifestly excessive. The District Judge should have departed from the Wong
Hoi Len sentencing benchmark given the appellant’s lack of antecedents, good
character and cooperation with the authorities; the appellant had also not
provoked the complainant, and the offence consisted of a single slap. A fine
or a short detention order was more appropriate in the circumstances.

The Prosecution’s case

18 The Prosecution responded that the District Judge’s findings were supported
by the evidence:

(a) The appellant’s failure to produce the in-car camera footage and the
inconsistencies pertaining to his calls to the police were not material to the
question of whether the slap had occurred.

(b) Yussaini’s evidence was credible notwithstanding the fresh evidence
relating to the height of his Fiat. His evidence at trial was that he had
witnessed the slap from an angle over the complainant’s taxi, and the height
of the Fiat did not affect the credibility of this account.

(c) The fact that the medical evidence was based on the complainant’s self-
reporting did not undermine the complainant’s evidence. His self-reporting was
itself corroborative: Haliffie bin Mamat v Public Prosecutor [2016] 5 SLR 636
(“Haliffie”) at [30] and [66].

(d) The appellant’s credibility had been rightly impeached. He had failed to
explain why he claimed at trial that he accidentally knocked the complainant’s
face, when he had earlier admitted in his police statement to having
“push[ed]” the complainant’s cheek in self-defence.

19 As regards the allegation of excessive judicial interference, the
Prosecution submitted that the District Judge had confined himself to
intervening only to clarify certain matters.

20 Finally, the Prosecution submitted that the appeal against sentence should
be dismissed as no mitigating factors warranted a downward adjustment of the
indicative starting sentence set out in Wong Hoi Len.

The threshold for appellate intervention

21 Appellate intervention is called for only in limited circumstances. The
appellate court is not to reassess the evidence as the trial judge would, but
is restricted to considering: (a) whether the judge’s assessment of witness
credibility is plainly wrong or against the weight of evidence; (b) whether
the judge’s verdict is wrong in law and therefore unreasonable; and (c)
whether the judge’s decision is inconsistent with the material objective
evidence on record, bearing in mind that an appellate court is in as good a
position to assess the internal and external consistency of the witnesses’
evidence, and to draw the necessary inferences of fact from the circumstances
of the case (Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1015 at [55]).

22 As for appeals against sentence, an appellate court will be slow to disturb
a sentence imposed except where it is satisfied that: (a) the trial judge
erred with respect to the proper factual basis for sentencing; (b) the trial
judge failed to appreciate the materials placed before the court; (c) the
sentence was wrong in principle; or (d) the sentence was manifestly excessive
or manifestly inadequate: Public Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 at [12].

My decision

23 In my judgment, the appellant’s conviction under s 323 of the Penal Code
should be upheld. I was satisfied that the District Judge’s conclusions were
supported by the evidence on record. As there are no exceptional facts
warranting departure from the benchmark sentence of four weeks’ imprisonment
established in Wong Hoi Len, I also uphold the District Judge’s decision on
sentence.

Appeal against conviction

The effect of the fresh evidence on Yussaini’s credibility and evidence

24 The appellant submitted that Yussaini could not possibly have seen the slap
take place as his Fiat would have blocked his line of sight. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AS at paras 39–42, 76–79.

For reference, I reproduce Exhibit A, as drawn by Yussaini and included in the
GD at [40]:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

A and B respectively indicate the positions of the complainant and the
appellant, and T and C respectively refer to the complainant’s taxi and
Yussaini’s Fiat. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROA at p 36, NEs (2 July 2018) at p 18 ln 20 – p 19 ln 7.

Yussaini marked out where he was standing with the figure labelled “me”.

25 The appellant submitted in CM 12/2019 that his scene reconstruction based
on Exhibit A and involving persons of roughly the same height as the
complainant, appellant and Yussaini showed that Yussaini would not have been
able to look over his Fiat. While I did not allow the evidence in the form of
the scene reconstruction to be adduced as part of this appeal, I still
considered whether the District Judge wrongly believed Yussaini’s evidence.
Having done so, I find that the appellant’s arguments do not go far.

26 First, the argument that Yussaini did not witness the slap must be taken
against his consistent testimony under cross-examination to the contrary. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

See, eg, ROA at pp 26–29, 37–38, 40–41, 43–44, NEs (2 July 2018) at p 8 ln 20
– p 11 ln 17, p 19 ln 29 – p 20 ln 14, p 22 ln 30 – p 23 ln 17, p 25 ln 29 – p
26 ln 4.

27 Second, the sole fact that the Fiat was taller than Yussaini does not
exclude the possibility that the positioning of the parties and the gap
between the Fiat and the taxi could have created a vantage point for Yussaini
to witness the offence take place. Yussaini was clear under cross-examination
that he was able to see the complainant and appellant from above the taxi at
an angle, and that his view of the pair was completely unobstructed: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROA at pp 34–36, NEs (2 July 2018) at p 16 ln 19 – p 18 ln 19.

Q So I’m just imagining this, seems that you---you have quite of bit an angle
for you to see what exactly is going on. Would that be correct?

A Yes.

Q So could I---can I suggest to you that you may not have been able to see
very clearly what was going on because you were blocked actually by your own
car as well as the taxi?

A I can see very clearly.

Q How is that?

A Because it does not block any view at all.

Q But there are 2 vehicles between you and the incident?

A The taxi is just behind my car and I just beside my door which is my car and
the taxi is not beyond my height. My head is above the rooftop.

Court: His head is above the top of the car? That is your evidence, right?

Witness: Uh, yes, Your Honour.

Q Okay. But that means you would have then see the head, alright? Above the
roof of the car---

A Yes.

Q [---O]f the accused and taxi driver?

A Yes.

Q So you wouldn’t have seen their body---of most---

A I can see---

…

A [---T]he whole figure because they are standing at the pavement. … It’s a
pavement … just a bit high then the parking of the car.

…

Court: Alright, so Counsel, is saying that the taxi could have blocked your
line of sight. … [W]hy did you disagree then?

Witness: Because, uh, the taxi and my car is just align but the accused and
the taxi driver is at the pavement which is beside like of---apart of---apart
from the taxi. So which is---it’s a very clear view---

…

Witness: from my angle.

[emphasis added]

28 As regards this portion of the evidence, the appellant submitted that the
fresh evidence as to the height of Yussaini’s Fiat affected Yussaini’s
credibility. Although the Fiat (which was 1.88m tall) was taller than Yussaini
(who was 1.79m tall), 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROA at p 45, NEs (2 July 2018) at p 27 ln 30–31.

Yussaini had claimed at trial that his Fiat was shoulder-height: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROA pp 46–47, NEs (2 July 2018) at p 28 ln 32 – p 29 ln 8.

Q And could you stand up and indicate how high the roof of your car was
relative to your body when you came out of the car. Please stand up and show
the Court with your hand, how high the roof of your car was to your body.

…

A Approximately it’s about my---my shoulder level.

The appellant also orally submitted that it was misleading for Yussaini to
refer to his Fiat as a “car”.

29 To my mind, while Yussaini’s recollection about the height of the Fiat was
inaccurate, this discrepancy is not material. I also do not place much weight
on the fact that Yussaini occasionally referred to his Fiat as a “car”. As
seen from his testimony in its full context, he used the word “car” to refer
to the complainant’s taxi and his own Fiat without distinction. While this was
not the most precise usage, it is clear to me that his evidence was not that
he viewed the slap from looking over and above his Fiat. Rather, he implied
that he viewed the incident from an angle and from above the taxi:

[T]he taxi is not beyond my height. My head is above the rooftop. … I can see
… the whole figure because they are standing at the pavement … It’s a pavement
… just a bit high then [sic] the parking of the car … [T]he accused and the
taxi driver is at the pavement which is beside like of---apart of---apart from
the taxi. So which is---it’s a very clear view--- … from my angle.

30 Accordingly, I do not agree with the appellant that Yussaini was mistaken
or “outright lied to the court about what he allegedly saw” [emphasis in
original]. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AS at para 80.

The appellant’s argument assumes without clear basis that Yussaini’s only
vantage point of the slap was from above the Fiat, and does not account for
the possible positioning of the parties that would have allowed Yussaini to
witness the slap from above the taxi instead.

31 In the alternative, the appellant argued that Yussaini’s evidence could
have been contaminated: his memory of the event might have been “the subject
of a transfer of recollection from the Complainant’s version of events” or he
might have been motivated by a desire to help the complainant, whom he
perceived to be the victim. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AS at paras 81–93.

In my view, both possibilities are inherently speculative and unlikely.

32 In Lee Kwang Peng v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [1997] 2 SLR(R)
569, the High Court discussed the concept of “innocent infection” at [92]
(citing R v H [1995] 2 AC 596 at 880): communications between witnesses may
lead to the transfer of recollections between them and an unconscious elision
of the differences between their accounts. The High Court held that the court
should remain sensitive to the possibility of contamination, and the veracity
of the evidence and the strength of recollection of the witness must be
subject to scrutiny. However, this does not require the Prosecution to prove
beyond reasonable doubt that there was no risk of contamination (at
[95]–[97]).

33 Here, the likelihood that Yussaini’s recollection of the slap was
transferred from the complainant’s is minimal. While the appellant correctly
noted that Yussaini and the complainant spoke before the police arrived, the
conversation between them lasted at most ten minutes, according to Yussaini.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROA at pp 29–30, NEs (2 July 2018) at p 11 ln 31 – p 12 ln 22.

This corresponded with the evidence of the complainant, who stated that it
took five to ten minutes for the police to arrive after he called the police
at around 11.55pm. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROA at p 61, NEs (2 July 2018) at p 43 ln 12–24.

Sgt Mohamaed Zamil Bin Mohamed Anis (“Sgt Zamil”) confirmed that that he and
the other responding officers arrived at the scene at 11.59pm. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROA at p 140, NEs (2 July 2018) at p 122 ln 3–7.

Yussaini was also clear even on the day of the incident that he had witnessed
the slap, and conveyed as much to Sgt Zamil. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROA at p 144, NEs (2 July 2018) at p 126 ln 6–13.

34 Weighing the probabilities of the situation, this was not a situation where
either a sustained conversation between Yussaini and the complainant or
repetition over a period of time would have caused Yussaini to develop false
memories. I also agree with the District Judge that it was unlikely that
Yussaini would have been so motivated to fabricate a story to help a “victim”
(who was a stranger to him) as to maintain a fabricated story throughout
police investigations and at trial (see GD at [43]).

35 Finally, the appellant argued that Yussaini’s evidence was not materially
relevant as he could not state definitively whether the slap was “accidental”.
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AS at paras 97–99.

I agree with the Prosecution that this did not detract from Yussaini’s
credibility. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Prosecution’s submissions dated 14 May 2019 (“PS”) at paras 37–38.

Yussaini could not have answered questions as to the appellant’s state of
mind, which was not within his knowledge. The value of his evidence instead
lay in establishing that the appellant had contacted the complainant’s cheek
with his hand and in corroborating the complainant’s evidence that he had been
slapped.

The strength of the complainant’s evidence

36 The appellant’s submissions as regards the District Judge’s erroneous
reliance on the complainant’s evidence turned on:

(a) The complainant’s inconsistencies about the number of “999” calls made: he
claimed to have made three calls but the police only received two calls. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AS at paras 126–130.

(b) Whether the complainant informed the police of the alleged slap during his
second call: while he claimed to have done so, this was not reflected in the
First Information Report of his second call to the police. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AS at paras 131–135.

(c) The possibility that the complainant suppressed in-car audio recordings
that would have disclosed the circumstances leading up to the alleged slap. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AS at paras 136–144.

37 Regarding the first two points, the Prosecution attributed the
complainant’s inconsistencies about the number of phone calls made to a lapse
in his memory, and his apparent failure to inform the police of the slap to
his worry that the appellant would leave without paying his taxi fare. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PS at paras 27–33.

38 In this matter, I agree with the District Judge’s view that while the
complainant’s memory was faulty, this did not raise a reasonable doubt on its
own as to undermine the Prosecution’s case (GD at [73]). Even if it might be
that the complainant sought to embellish his version of events, the core of
his testimony regarding the slap was sound and corroborated by Yussaini’s
eyewitness account and the appellant’s own admission in his long statement
recorded under s 22 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
(marked and admitted as “Exhibit P4” and discussed below at [40(a)(i)]).

39 Regarding the in-car camera footage, I also agree with the District Judge
that any in-car recording would not have disclosed whether a slap had taken
place (GD at [79] and [80]). Even if such footage showed that the complainant
had provoked the appellant (which is speculative), the appellant’s use of
force would have been disproportionate in the circumstances.

The inherent weaknesses of the appellant’s defence

40 Weighed against Yussaini’s independent evidence and the complainant’s
testimony is the appellant’s shifting and unconvincing defence at trial. The
District Judge’s reasoning in the GD was as follows (at [44] to [63]):

(a) The appellant gave three versions of the slapping incident:

(i) First version – in Exhibit P4, the appellant admitted to having “used
[his] right hand to push [the complainant’s] left cheek away” to “fend him
off” as the complainant “[kept] moving closer and closer to [him]”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

See ROA at p 403 at para 4.

(ii) Second version – at trial, the appellant’s counsel put to the complainant
and Yussaini that the appellant’s right hand had “slip[ped] up and hit the
taxi driver face” because the complainant had been pushing the appellant.

(iii) Third version – in the appellant’s evidence-in-chief, he claimed that
the complainant had been “leaning forward” while he pushed the appellant’s
hands down. When the appellant raised his hands to their original position,
the complainant’s hand slipped, and the appellant’s hand “knocked against [the
complainant’s] face”.

(b) The appellant’s credit was impeached, given four material discrepancies
between his oral testimony and his account in Exhibit P4. The District Judge
rejected the appellant’s argument that these material discrepancies were
attributable to a lack of proficiency in English, the language Exhibit P4 was
recorded in.

(c) The appellant’s bare denial of the offence in his cautioned statement
(marked and admitted as “Exhibit P5”) was further evidence of his changes in
legal position, which shifted from his invocation of private defence in
Exhibit P4, to his bare denial in Exhibit P5, to his reliance on the defence
of accident at trial.

41 While I agree with the appellant that the alleged second and third versions
of the appellant’s evidence were not materially inconsistent, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See AS at paras 171–178.

I disagree with his arguments to the effect that the District Judge erred in
impeaching his credit. His arguments are set out and assessed as follows.

42 First, the appellant claimed that the evidence in Exhibit P4 was not
reliable: he had not given detailed answers and did not thoroughly vet the
long statement as he did not want to complicate matters and thought the giving
of the statement was a formality. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AS at paras 153–158, 168.

This is unconvincing; the appellant was surely aware of the seriousness of the
statement-recording. He had even pre-emptively called the police a minute
after the complainant reported that he had been slapped (see above at [5]). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ROA at p 451, Exhibit D1.

His claim that he did not include details in Exhibit P4 because he wanted to
expedite matters is also at odds with the contents of the statement, which
included specific details as to whether he had smoked in the complainant’s
taxi and the sequence of events that followed.

43 Second, the appellant argued that the District Judge erred in failing to
consider his lack of proficiency in English. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AS at paras 159–165.

I do not consider that his proficiency (or lack thereof) should reduce the
weight that should be given to his statement in Exhibit P4, and take into
account the following.

(a) The District Judge’s finding of fact that the appellant was conversant in
English is justifiable, given the instances where the appellant answered
questions under cross-examination in English despite having a translator
present in court (see GD at [59(i)]).

(b) Even if the appellant’s command of the language was imperfect, when given
an opportunity to explain what he actually meant in Exhibit P4, he only
replaced his use of the word “push [his left cheek away]” with the words
“bump” or “knock”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ROA at p 233, NEs (3 July 2018) at p 79 ln 1–12.

Both characterisations incriminated the appellant and would have made out the
charge, namely, that the appellant had voluntarily caused hurt to the
complainant.

44 In the circumstances, it was incriminating that the appellant acknowledged
in Exhibit P4 that he had “used his right hand to push [or bump or knock the
complainant’s] cheek away”. His account in Exhibit P4 implied that he acted
intentionally “to fend [the complainant] off”, albeit because he was concerned
that the complainant was “moving closer and closer … too close to [him]”. This
account is inconsistent with his oral testimony that the contact made with the
complainant’s cheek was unintentional and accidental. The District Judge was
also entitled to draw an adverse inference against him (GD at [49]) for his
failure to mention the exculpatory facts that it was the complainant was the
physical aggressor at the time, and that the contact between them was merely
accidental: see Kwek Seow Hock v Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 157 at [19].

45 That said, some parts of Exhibit P4 were inconsistent with the appellant’s
testimony, and it was on this basis that the District Judge found his credit
to be impeached (see above at [40(b)]). The material inconsistencies that
affected his credibility pertained to (a) whether he uttered vulgarities
during the taxi journey; (b) the manner in which he contacted the
complainant’s face; (c) whether he could recall that police officers brought
him home; and (d) whether he asserted during the recording of the statement
that the incident was a “misunderstanding” (see GD at [56]–[57]). Regardless,
these discrepancies did not raise a reasonable doubt as to the reliability of
the inculpatory portions of Exhibit P4 that made out the charge, especially
when considered alongside the evidence as a whole.

Other aspects of the appellant’s case

46 I now consider the remaining arguments raised by the appellant.

The District Judge’s reliance on hearsay evidence

47 The appellant argued that the District Judge was wrong to have relied on
hearsay evidence: at [27] of the GD, the District Judge held that Sgt Zamil’s
evidence of what Sgt Muneer said corroborated the complainant’s account that
the appellant had opened his taxi door in the middle of the taxi journey. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AS at paras 105–111.

48 While I agree with the appellant that this constitutes hearsay evidence, I
disagree that the District Judge’s consideration of it undermined either the
complainant’s credibility or the Prosecution’s case. The District Judge had
found the complainant to be a credible witness independently of his
consideration of Sgt Muneer’s evidence (GD at [26]); this matter was also
peripheral to the making out of the charge.

The value of the medical evidence

49 The appellant argued that the medical evidence did not corroborate the
complainant’s allegation that he was slapped, as the diagnosis of “tenderness”
in the medical report was based on the complainant’s subjective self-
reporting. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AS at paras 112–118.

50 In this regard, I am inclined towards the Prosecution’s approach towards
corroboration that subsequent complaints by the complainant may be treated as
corroboration provided that the statement implicating the accused person was
made at the first reasonable opportunity after the commission of the offence:
Haliffie at [30]. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PS at para 40.

This was the case here: right after the alleged slap, the complainant told
several third parties that he had been slapped by the appellant. These third
parties included Yussaini, Sgt Zamil and the doctor who examined him (see also
Haliffie at [64]–[66]).

51 While there will always be some inherent risk that reports of “tenderness”
may be fabricated, there is no basis to conclude that this was the case here.
The theoretical possibility that the complainant faked his account to the
doctor must still be measured against: (a) his insistence on the day of the
event to Yussaini and Sgt Zamil that he had been slapped by the appellant; (b)
Yussaini’s eyewitness account of the argument between the complainant and
appellant and the slap; (c) the complainant’s willingness to seek medical
treatment and to attend follow-up reviews; 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ROA at p 92.

and (d) the deficiencies in the appellant’s own case.

Allegations of excessive judicial interference and prejudgment

52 The appellant in his written submissions highlighted several instances at
trial that allegedly showed the District Judge to have “descended into the
arena” such that a reasonable observer would have formed the view that there
was prejudgment on his part amounting to apparent bias. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AS at paras 198–217.

This point was not strongly pursued in oral arguments.

53 In this regard, it is helpful to restate some of the principles to be
applied when considering if excessive judicial interference has occurred, as
articulated in BOI at [111(c)] and [111(g)], citing Mohammed Ali bin Johari v
Public Prosecutor [2008] 4 SLR(R) 1058 at [117] et seq:

(c) … [T]he judge is not obliged to remain silent, and can ask witnesses or
counsel questions if (inter alia):

(i) it is necessary to clarify a point or issue that has been overlooked or
has been left obscure, or to raise an important issue that has been overlooked
by counsel; this is particularly important in criminal cases where the point
or issue relates to the right of the accused to fully present his or her
defence in relation to the charges concerned;

(ii) it enables him or her to follow the points made by counsel;

(iii) it is necessary to exclude irrelevancies and/or discourage repetition
and/or prevent undue evasion and/or obduracy by the witness concerned (or even
by counsel);

(iv) it serves to assist counsel and their clients to be cognisant of what is
troubling the judge, provided it is clear that the judge is keeping an open
mind and has not prejudged the outcome of the particular issue or issues (and,
a fortiori, the result of the case itself).

The judge, preferably, should not engage in sustained questioning until
counsel has completed his questioning of the witness on the issues concerned.
Further, any intervention by the judge during the cross-examination of a
witness should generally be minimal. …

…

(g) The court will only find that there has been excessive judicial
interference if the situation is an egregious one. Such cases will necessarily
be rare. …

[emphasis in original]

54 If the matter had been pursued, I would in any event have concluded that
the District Judge’s interjections at trial did not cross the threshold for
excessive judicial interference. It is clear from the notes of evidence that
the District Judge’s questioning, while lengthy at points, sought only to
clarify answers given by the witnesses or to expedite matters. The extracts
relied upon by the appellant also omitted the instances where the District
Judge gave the appellant’s counsel the opportunity to return to his original
line of questioning, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Eg, ROA at p 112, NEs (2 July 2018) at p 94 ln 5–8.

and where he treated the Prosecution in a similar manner, such as when he
interrupted the Prosecution’s cross-examination of the appellant to point out
that the Prosecution had mischaracterised the evidence that had been given. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Eg, ROA at pp 250–251, NEs (3 July 2018) at p 96 – p 97 ln 7.

Conclusions on conviction

55 Considering the evidence as a whole, the District Judge did not err in
convicting the appellant of the charge. Although the credibility of Yussaini’s
evidence is affected by the fresh evidence as to the height of his Fiat, his
evidence can still be relied upon. The appellant’s own case was undermined by
his vacillating evidence. The complainant’s evidence, while imperfect, is
sufficiently convincing in the circumstances.

Appeal against sentence

56 Turning to the appeal against sentence, I accept the appellant’s argument
that the offence in question involved only a slap and resulted in minor
injuries. The District Judge took this into account in the GD at [97].

57 Nevertheless, even leaving aside whether the District Judge correctly
relied on the events prior to the assault, two aggravating considerations
featured in this case. First, the appellant was, by his own admission,
voluntarily intoxicated at the time, and his voluntary intoxication was an
aggravating factor in sentencing (see Wong Hoi Len at [44]). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

ROA at p 216, NEs (3 July 2018) at p 62 ln 5–9.

Second, the offence took place at night, when taxi drivers are more vulnerable
(see Wong Hoi Len at [25]).

58 The appellant had also claimed trial, and is thus not entitled to any
sentencing discount that might otherwise have been granted in view of a timely
plea of guilt that could have evidenced his remorse or which would have saved
on the costs of a trial (see Sundaresh Menon CJ’s recent comments in Gan Chai
Bee Anne v Public Prosecutor [2019] SGHC 42 at [73]). Finally, there were no
mitigating factors present as to justify a departure from the benchmark
sentence in Wong Hoi Len. I therefore find that the sentence of four weeks’
imprisonment was appropriate.

Conclusion

59 For the reasons set out above, I dismiss the appeals against conviction and
sentence, and find that there was no excessive judicial interference in the
trial below.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Derek Kang Yu Hsien and Ammar Lulla  
(Cairnhill Law LLC) for the appellant;  
Peggy Pao and Seah Ee Wei (Attorney-  
General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

