Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 197

Criminal Case No 8 of 2019

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Oh Yew Lee  
---|---  
  
Grounds of Decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Oh Yew Lee

[2019] SGHC 197

High Court — Criminal Case No 8 of 2019  
Kannan Ramesh J  
5, 28–29 March; 24 May; 7 August 2019

27 August 2019

Kannan Ramesh J:

1 The accused, Oh Yew Lee, was charged with possessing 25.68g of diamorphine
for the purposes of trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse
of Drugs Act (Chapter 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”).

2 Having heard the evidence at the trial, I found that the charge against the
accused had been proven beyond a reasonable doubt, and convicted him
accordingly. Brief grounds of decision were read at that time. The accused has
appealed against my decision. I now set out the full grounds of my decision.

The facts

3 On 1 December 2016 at about 2.45 pm, officers from the Central Narcotics
Bureau (“CNB”) raided a unit at Blk 21 Chai Chee Road and arrested the accused
there. The accused’s wife was with him at that time. They were at the unit to
visit their friends, Lim Koon Eng Jeremiah (“Jeremiah”) and his sister.
Jeremiah was also arrested and has since been convicted on a charge of drug
trafficking: Public Prosecutor v Lim Koon Eng Jeremiah [2019] SGHC 71. There
is no suggestion that Jeremiah’s case has any connection with the accused, and
I say no more about it.

4 At the time of his arrest, the accused was staying at a nearby unit at Blk
31 Chai Chee Avenue (“the Unit”) with his mother. His wife, a citizen of
Vietnam and resident there, would also stay at the Unit whenever she visited
the accused in Singapore.

5 Following the arrest, at about 3.30 pm, the CNB officers brought the accused
and his wife back to the Unit. There, the accused was asked whether he had
anything to surrender. Based on information provided by the accused, the
officers went to the kitchen and recovered a reusable bag (which they labelled
“D1A”) hanging from a hook by the window (“D1”), as well as a plastic bag
(“E1”) and a Samsung Galaxy Note 5 box (“E2”) from the cabinet below the
stove. Inside “D1A”, the officers found a green bag (“D1A1”) which contained
one large packet of granular substance (“D1A1A1”). Inside “E1”, the officers
found 37 much smaller packets of granular substance (“E1A”), and inside “E2”,
they found eight packets of granular substance of the same size (“E2A”). “E1A”
and “E2A” therefore comprised 45 smaller packets (“the 45 packets”). Various
other items were recovered from the Unit and labelled. The accused’s mother
was present in the Unit at that time.

6 The exhibits recovered, including “D1A1A1”, “E1A” and “E2A” (together, “the
46 packets”), were taken that evening to the CNB Headquarters, where they were
photographed and weighed in the presence of the accused at the CNB
Headquarters Exhibit Management Room 1. The 46 packets were collectively
weighed at 845.87 grams. They were subsequently sent to the Health Sciences
Authority (“HSA”) for analysis. Upon analysis, the HSA certified that:

(a) “D1A1A1” was 458.1g of granular/powdery substance containing not less than
15.24g of diamorphine;

(b) “E1A” was 280.0g of granular/powdery substance containing not less than
8.68g of diamorphine; and

(c) “E2A” was 60.91g of granular/powdery substance containing not less than
1.76g of diamorphine.

The total weight of the diamorphine in the 46 packets was therefore 25.68g.
The contents of the 46 packets formed the subject matter of the charge. At no
point during the trial did the Defence challenge the seizure, transport or
analysis of these exhibits, and I was satisfied with their integrity. There
was also no real challenge by the Defence to any of the facts I have
summarised above.

The Prosecution’s case

7 The Prosecution primarily relied on the statements given by the accused to
show that he had intended to traffic in the drugs in all 46 packets.
Furthermore, the accused admitted to having possession of all 46 packets and
to knowing that they contained diamorphine. In addition, as the 46 packets
amounted to more than 2g of diamorphine, the presumption of trafficking in s
17(c) MDA was engaged. The Prosecution thus submitted in the alternative that
it could rely on this presumption, which the accused could not rebut.

8 At 4.08 pm, shortly after the drugs were recovered in the Unit on 1 December
2016, a contemporaneous statement was recorded from the accused in the kitchen
by SSI Ng Tze Chiang Tony (“SSI Tony”) under s 22 of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) (“the first contemporaneous statement”).
This statement recorded the accused being shown the 46 packets, which the
accused said all belonged to him and were intended mostly for sale, with a
“little” for his own consumption. In particular, SSI Tony testified that what
was recorded in the Recorder’s Note as “one big packet of granular substances
(brown) (transparent)”, which was shown to the accused, referred to “D1A1A1”.
The first contemporaneous statement also recorded the accused as saying that
he needed a lot of money for his wife’s medical treatment and to support his
aged mother. He made it clear that his wife and mother had no connection to
the 46 packets.

9 SSSgt Mohamed Rias s/o Rafik (“SSSgt Rias”) began recording a cautioned
statement under s 23 CPC from the accused at 3.17 am on 2 December 2016, the
morning following the accused’s arrest (“the cautioned statement”). The
accused accepted that he was aware that the cautioned statement was in
relation to the 46 packets. This was also set out in the charge which was
interpreted to him in Mandarin. The accused was informed that the charge
carried the death penalty.

10 The accused’s cautioned statement stated, “I have nothing to say and please
give me another chance”. It is relevant that in this statement, following the
word “say”, there was a quotation mark which was struck through and to which
the accused had appended his signature. SSSgt Rias testified that this
cancellation was made and the words following it added as the accused had
indicated that he wanted to say more during the recording process. In other
words, the accused added the words “and please give me another chance” after
he had given his initial response that he had nothing to say, suggesting that
the accused carefully considered his response to the s 23 CPC caution.

11 On 4 December 2016 at 3.40 pm, the Investigation Officer, ASP Mohammad
Imran bin Salim (“ASP Imran”) recorded an investigative statement from the
accused under s 22 CPC (“the 4 December statement”). In this statement:

(a) The accused said that his wife had a chronic medical condition and
received treatment in Singapore, the costs of which were shared between the
accused and her.

(b) The accused also gave an account of what happened in the Unit following
his arrest. He recounted how he directed the CNB officers to the baifen (which
was the accused’s term for heroin or diamorphine ) contained in “D1A”, “E1”
and “E2”. He then gave a statement to a CNB officer in which he said that the
baifen belonged to him and that most of it was for selling.

(c) According to the accused, he started taking baifen again in December 2014
and the last time he took it was 29 November 2016. He would consume baifen
once or twice a week, and the amount he would consume on each occasion was
half the size of his last finger.

Before the accused signed the 4 December statement, it was read and
interpreted back to him. He then made amendments, confirmed that it was
accurate and signed it.

12 On 5 December 2016 at 2.57 pm, ASP Imran recorded an investigative
statement from the accused under s 22 CPC (“the 5 December statement”). Before
the 5 December statement was recorded, the 4 December statement was read back
to the accused and he declined to make any amendments.

13 The 5 December statement recorded the accused as having been shown
photographs of the 46 packets, “D1A”, “D1A1”, “E1” and “E2”, as well as
photographs of the locations in the Unit where they had been found. In this
statement, the accused said that:

(a) The 46 packets belonged to him and he intended to sell them.

(b) The 45 packets found in “E1A” and “E2A” had been repacked by the accused
for distribution. The accused described these smaller packets as “babalong”.

(c) The accused bought his supply of baifen from a supplier he knew as
“Botak”. “Botak” was introduced to the accused by a friend who went by the
name of “Turtle”. “Botak” first contacted the accused in the middle of August
2016. The first contact resulted in the accused’s first transaction with him
(which is described in (d) below). Thereafter, “Botak” would call the accused
on his mobile phone on a regular basis to ask him if he wanted to buy baifen.
The accused, however, did not have “Botak”’s contact information, and “Botak”
would call him from a different number each time. If the accused agreed to buy
baifen from “Botak”, “Botak” would arrange for delivery the next day. “Botak”
sold baifen in terms of batu, and one batu could fill 60 small packets or
“babalong”.

(d) Sometime in the middle of August 2016, the accused bought half a batu from
“Botak” for $2,100. This was his first transaction with “Botak”. The second
transaction happened about three weeks after that when the accused bought one
batu for $3,800. On each occasion, the accused was informed of a location near
the Unit where the drugs would be left. The accused would pick up the drugs
from that location and leave his cash payment at the same place. “Botak” would
call the accused shortly thereafter to inform him that payment had been
received.

(e) Sometime in the beginning of November 2016, “Botak” called the accused
again. The accused asked for the price of two batu, and “Botak” informed him
it was $7,600. The accused asked for a discount but “Botak” said no. The
accused agreed to the price. The next day, “Botak” called the accused at about
3 or 4 pm and informed him that his order was placed in the basket of a
bicycle parked at the void deck below the Unit. There, the accused found a
black plastic bag containing two bundles wrapped with newspaper. The accused
placed the money in the basket and took the bag. As the accused was on his way
up to the Unit, “Botak” called him to say that he had collected the money.
This was the third and final transaction with “Botak”, and the source of the
46 packets which form the subject matter of the charge.

(f) When the accused was back in the Unit, he unwrapped the newspapers and
found two batu of baifen. He hung one packet up on a hook (ie, the manner in
which “D1A1A1” was found), and repacked the other packet into 60 smaller
packets, which he stored under the stove (ie, in the same manner in which the
45 packets were found).

Before the accused signed the 5 December statement, it was read and
interpreted back to him. He then made amendments, confirmed that it was
accurate and signed it.

14 On 6 December 2016 at 10.43 am, ASP Imran recorded another investigative
statement from the accused under s 22 CPC (“the first 6 December statement”)
in which the accused said that he would sell each small packet of baifen to
his customers for $120–$150. He also said that he had completed selling the
one batu that he had purchased from “Botak” in the second transaction before
“Botak” called him in the beginning of November 2016 in relation to the third
transaction. Before the 6 December statement was recorded, the 5 December
statement was offered to be read back to the accused. He, however, declined
the offer.

15 In the accused’s investigative statement recorded by ASP Imran on 7
December 2016 at 2.25 pm under s 22 CPC (“the 7 December statement”), the
accused said that he hung “D1A1A1” in his kitchen because he intended to
repack that packet into small packets for sale after he had finished selling
the existing small packets (ie, “E1A” and “E2A”). He also said that all of the
small packets of baifen were packed for the purposes of sale, although he
would take some baifen from those packets for his own consumption once or
twice a week. He reiterated that his mother and wife were unware of the 46
packets and that he sold baifen because he needed money to pay for his wife’s
medical treatment and medicine. Before the accused signed the 7 December
statement, it was read and interpreted back to him. He declined to make
amendments, confirmed that it was accurate and signed it.

16 About seven months after his arrest, the accused gave another investigative
statement to ASP Imran under s 22 CPC on 11 July 2017 at 2.40 pm (“the July
2017 statement”). The accused was shown photographs that included “D1A1A”,
“E1A” and “E2A” and specifically asked to whom they belonged. The accused said
that they were his, thereby confirming that all 46 packets belonged to him.
Before the accused signed the July statement, it was read and interpreted back
to him. He then made an amendment, confirmed that it was accurate and signed
it.

The Defence’s case

17 At trial, the accused accepted that he was in possession of the 46 packets,
and that he knew that they contained baifen, which he understood to be heroin
or diamorphine. In respect of the 45 packets, “E1A” and “E2A”, the accused
also accepted that he intended to sell them, although he would also remove
small portions of diamorphine (about the size of his last finger) from these
packets on an ad hoc basis twice to thrice a week to consume. This was
consistent with his position in his investigative statements, save that the
amount and rate of consumption was slightly different (see [11(c)] above).
Nothing, however, turns on this difference.

18 However, at trial the accused disputed the account in his investigative
statements in relation to “D1A1A1”. According to the accused, although “Botak”
had delivered two batu of baifen to him on that occasion (the third
transaction), the accused had only ordered one batu and paid $3,800 for the
same. When he opened the plastic bag at his void deck and saw two bundles, the
accused claimed that he did not find anything amiss, as the previous delivery
(in relation to the second transaction) of one batu had also come in two
bundles. The accused said that when he was on his way back to the Unit,
“Botak” did call him, not to inform him that he had received the accused’s
money, but instead that an additional batu had been delivered by mistake.
“Botak” told the accused that he could simply use one batu (which the accused
subsequently divided into the 45 packets) and hold on to the other batu, which
had a pink sticker on it (ie, “D1A1A1”), which “Botak” would arrange for
someone to collect from the accused. However, no one came to collect the extra
batu, and the accused had no means of contacting “Botak” to enquire further.
The accused therefore stored the drugs in “D1A”, which he hung on “D1” in the
kitchen of the Unit pending collection by “Botak”. The accused added that this
delivery had occurred around 20 November, and not early November as recorded
in his statements. The accused argued that he could not have ordered two batu,
as he did not have sufficient funds to pay the asking price of $7,600.
Notably, there was no challenge to the voluntariness of the various statements
that were recorded from the accused.

19 It was apparent that there were marked differences between the account in
the accused’s testimony and in his statements. Crucially, the accused
disavowed the purchase of one batu (“D1A1A1”) while accepting that he had
purchased the quantity represented by “E1A” and “E2A”. This was crucial,
because “D1A1A1” alone comprised 15.24g of diamorphine, while the collective
quantity of diamorphine represented by “E1A” and “E2A” was 10.44g. Thus, if
“D1A1A1” was not taken into account, the total quantity of diamorphine in the
possession of the accused for the purpose of trafficking would fall from
25.68g to 10.44g, removing the possibility of the death penalty being imposed.

20 The Defence offered two reasons to explain the large discrepancies between
the account presented in the accused’s statements and his account in court.
First, it was said that the accused gave statements that implicated himself in
order to protect his wife and mother from being investigated. In this
connection, in his testimony the accused alleged that SSI Tony had told him
during his arrest in Jeremiah’s flat that if he did not “cooperate”, his wife
would be implicated. This was, however, neither explored with nor put to SSI
Tony. Second, the Defence argued that the accused’s statements were not
accurately recorded. As regards the investigative statements, it was put to
ASP Imran, who recorded the statements, and Mr Wong Png Leong (“Mr Wong”), who
interpreted them, that Mr Wong did not accurately convey the accused’s account
to ASP Imran. The accused alleged that he had specifically told Mr Wong that
“D1A1A1” was not his, it was delivered by “Botak” by mistake and he did not
intend to sell it. The accused alleged that Mr Wong was “scrolling” on his
mobile phone while the statements were being recorded and generally not paying
adequate attention to the accused’s responses. This was done in the presence
of ASP Imran, who did not correct Mr Wong’s behaviour. It was therefore
alleged that the errors were because Mr Wong had been distracted by his use of
his mobile phone during the statement recording, and ASP Imran lied in his
testimony in court to hide that fact. As for the first contemporaneous
statement, it was put to SSI Tony that when he asked the accused about the
drugs seized (see [8] above), he had not shown the accused the exhibits
containing “D1A1A1”. This was subsequently contradicted by the accused when he
testified that he had expressly told SSI Tony “D1A1A1” did not belong to him.
This part was not, however, put to SSI Tony.

21 When the accused gave his evidence, he supplemented his reasons for the
alleged inaccuracies in his investigative statements. The accused claimed that
before the recording of the 5 December statement, he had asked if he could
make a phone call home, but was told that he would have to give his statement
first; he was therefore not paying attention when the statement was read back
to him, as all he could think about was the death penalty and his promised
call home. Both these points were not put to ASP Imran. The accused said his
mind was a blank and he therefore did not notice all the inaccuracies in the
statement. The accused also claimed that when the cautioned statement was
recorded, he had pointed out to SSSgt Rias that he should only be charged for
45, not 46, packets, but that SSSgt Rias had ignored him. This was also not
put to SSSgt Rias. He did not insist on his objection being recorded as he was
not aware that he could.

My decision

The law

22 The elements of the offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) MDA are well-
established. The Court of Appeal in Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public
Prosecutor and other matters [2014] 3 SLR 721 summarised them as follows at
[59]:

(a) Possession of a controlled drug;

(b) Knowledge of the nature of the drug; and

(c) Proof that possession of the drug was for the purpose of trafficking
(which was not authorised).

23 In the present case, it was clear that possession and knowledge of the
nature of the drug were made out (see [17] above). A further result of this
was that, since the quantity of the diamorphine in question exceeded 2g, s
17(c) MDA applied such that the accused was presumed to have had the 46
packets in his possession for the purpose of trafficking, unless he proved
otherwise on a balance of probabilities. The burden was therefore on the
accused to show that the 46 packets or a part thereof were not for
trafficking.

24 In its recent decision in Ramesh a/l Perumal v Public Prosecutor and
another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 1003, the Court of Appeal held that a person who
possesses drugs with the intention of returning them to the person from whom
they had received the drugs does not have the requisite intention to traffic
(at [114]). Therefore, if the accused succeeded in showing that he intended to
return “D1A1A1” to “Botak”, he would rebut the presumption that he was in
possession of “D1A1A1” for the purpose of trafficking, and the charge against
him would have to be amended to omit the weight of diamorphine found in
“D1A1A1”. The Prosecution accepted this in its submissions. The result would
have been that the amended charge would no longer have attracted the
possibility of the imposition of the death penalty.

Whether the accused had the drugs in his possession for the purposes of
trafficking

25 As such, the question that arose for my determination in the present case
was whether the accused had rebutted the presumption of trafficking by showing
on a balance of probabilities that he did not order “D1A1A1”, that “D1A1A1”
consequently did not belong to him, and that he merely retained it in his
possession with the intention that it be returned to or collected by “Botak”.
It was clear on the present facts that these were facets of a single inquiry.

26 As noted earlier, the Prosecution’s case against the accused on this issue
rested primarily upon the accused’s statements. As was also noted earlier, the
Defence did not challenge the voluntariness of any of the statements. Instead,
as I outlined at [18]–[21] above, the accused’s defence lay solely on
challenging their accuracy. At the outset, it must be noted that this defence
faced significant obstacles. The accused implicated himself in relation to his
ownership of and intention to traffic in “D1A1A1” in a consistent account
spread across a number of statements. These ranged from the first
contemporaneous statement taken shortly after his arrest, to the cautioned
statement, and to the investigative statements, up to and including the July
2017 statement. Three points were significant. First, after each statement was
recorded, it was read back to the accused in Mandarin and he was invited to
make such corrections as he deemed fit. He did so on some occasions but not on
others. In particular, he made amendments to the 5 December statement, which
covered in detail the circumstances of the third transaction, and the July
2017 statement, where he acknowledged that the 46 packets were his. Second,
apart from the incriminating contents of each of these statements, on each
occasion the accused also had a renewed opportunity to recant his previous
admissions as he was extended the invitation to have the previous statement
read back in Mandarin and to make amendments if necessary. It was pertinent
that he declined the invitation with regard to the 5 December statement and
the 7 December statement, accepting the invitation only with regard to the 4
December statement. Third, the accused made a specific addition to his
cautioned statement, which showed a proper application of his mind to what was
being recorded (see [10] above). This is particularly significant as he was
aware at that time that he could possibly face the death penalty. Thus, the
accused had every opportunity to correct significant factual errors in the
investigative statements and yet did not.

27 The fact that there was no record of the accused having done anything to
correct the alleged material inaccuracies therefore called for a cogent
explanation, if the accused’s defence was to be believed. These statements
were also taken by three different sets of recorders and interpreters – SSI
Tony, who recorded and interpreted the first contemporaneous statement; SSSgt
Rias and Mr Ee Soon Huat (“Mr Ee”), who respectively recorded and interpreted
the cautioned statement; and ASP Imran and Mr Wong, who respectively recorded
and interpreted all the subsequent statements. This further reduced the
likelihood of serious errors or misfeasance being repeated across the
statements.

28 It was therefore important to consider in closer detail some of the
statements individually. Again, each of them posed significant obstacles to
the accused’s defence. Some of these obstacles arose from the wavering and
inconsistent nature of the defence as it emerged in the course of the trial.

The cautioned statement

29 First, I considered the cautioned statement. It was important to recall the
circumstances of its recording. The recording of the cautioned statement began
at 3.17 am with the writing and interpretation of the charge, which referred
to 46 packets of drugs weighing about 845.87g, and of the notice under s 23
CPC. It was only at 3.57 am that the accused was asked what he had to say. The
accused was aware that the quantity of drugs for which he had been charged
could determine whether he faced the death penalty. I was therefore satisfied
that the accused would have been aware that he was being asked to state his
defence in relation to all 46 packets, and that he had ample time to absorb
this and consider what he wanted to say. Indeed, the accused did not challenge
this. His sole point was that he had asked for the 46 packets to be amended to
45 packets.

30 As noted earlier, ASP Imran and Mr Wong had no involvement in the recording
of the cautioned statement – instead, the cautioned statement was recorded by
SSSgt Rias, with Mr Ee serving as the interpreter. When SSSgt Rias and Mr Ee
took the stand, the Defence did not suggest to either of them that there was
any inaccuracy or other impropriety in the recording of the cautioned
statement. In particular, Mr Ee was not challenged as to the accuracy of his
interpretation or his concentration and focus on his responsibilities. On the
other hand, counsel for the Defence suggested to SSSgt Rias and Mr Ee in
cross-examination that the accused had admitted to the charge in his cautioned
statement because he was nervous and wanted to protect his family, though he
did not convey this to them. This suggested that he was providing his
statement in relation to all 46 packets. When it came to the accused’s cross-
examination, however, the accused admitted that by the time the cautioned
statement was recorded, he was no longer in fear of his family members being
implicated in the drugs seized from his unit.

31 The accused’s position on the cautioned statement shifted significantly in
his evidence-in-chief. He asserted for the first time that he had pointed out
to SSSgt Rias that he was only trafficking in the 45 packets, and not all 46
packets. According to the accused, SSSgt Rias “said nothing”, and the accused
did not insist on his objection being noted by SSSgt Rias. In cross-
examination, the accused added, “I admitted to the 45 packets … what could I
do if they slot this in?” I found the accused’s evidence in this regard quite
extraordinary. Given the accused’s understanding of the perilous situation he
was in, I found it inexplicable that he would not have insisted on ensuring
that his statement was absolutely accurate. I also found it difficult to
understand how the accused could have thought that his options were solely
between persuading SSSgt Rias to amend the charge to 45 packets, or admitting
to the charge in relation to 46 packets. The accused was well aware that the
purpose of the cautioned statement was to state his defence, if any, to a
charge that potentially carried the death penalty. It would therefore only
have been natural for him to explain that he did not intend to traffic in
“D1A1A1”. SSSgt Rias’s refusal to amend the charge had no bearing on this, and
the accused could have refused to sign the statement if his position,
particularly on a matter of such significance, was not accurately recorded.

32 Two further points were pertinent. First, the accused did indicate that he
wanted to amend his initial statement and was allowed the opportunity to do so
(see [10] above). It was telling that instead of amending his statement to add
that “D1A1A1” was not his, the accused did so in order to plead for leniency,
reinforcing the implication that he was admitting to the charge. Second, it
was not suggested to either SSSgt Rias or Mr Ee that the accused pointed to
only the 45 packets as being his and had been ignored. An allegation of this
gravity ought to have been vigorously picked up in the cross-examination of
both of them. Indeed, no conceivable reason was offered as to why SSSgt Rias
and Mr Ee would refuse to record what the accused claimed to have said, given
the importance of what he allegedly said and the charge he faced.

33 Instead, the cross-examination was on a different basis (see [20] above).
The accused’s counsel suggested to SSSgt Rias and Mr Ee that the accused took
responsibility for the drugs in order to protect his family. I could only
conclude that this must have been on the accused’s instructions. However, in
his evidence-in-chief, the accused then testified that by his words in the
cautioned statement he only intended to admit to the offence in respect of the
45 packets and suggested that SSSgt Rias ignored this fact. There was
obviously an inherent tension between these two positions. Given that the
accused had never denied that he possessed the 45 packets for the purpose of
trafficking, the only false admission that he could make in order to protect
his family was to admit that “D1A1A1” was his as well. On the other hand, the
accused’s assertion that he had not admitted responsibility for “D1A1A1”
suggested that he could not have been lying to protect his family. To protect
his family, he would have had to explain how “D1A1A1” came to be in his
possession as the charge he faced related to that bundle as well. This he did
not do. One or both of these two positions might have been afterthoughts. The
accused’s case was therefore inherently lacking in credibility.

34 As such, I did not accept the accused’s account in relation to his
cautioned statement. There was no good reason for the accused to have failed
to mention even a hint of a defence in relation to “D1A1A1”. Instead, the
cautioned statement amounted to an admission to the charge and a plea for
leniency. It was relevant to note that this theme – that “D1A1A1” was in the
accused’s possession for the purpose of trafficking – was consistently
repeated in the first contemporaneous statement and several of the
investigative statements.

The 5 December statement

35 The 5 December statement was critical. There, the accused gave a detailed
account of the circumstances surrounding the offence. At trial, the Defence
attacked the integrity of this statement by arguing that it had been
improperly interpreted by Mr Wong. In cross-examination, the accused explained
he did not notice the errors when the statement was read back to him because
he had been distracted at the time by the prospect of the death penalty and
his promised call home (see [20]–[21] above). I pause here to note that these
were not independent explanations, but complementary ones.

36 Both of these explanations were implausible. In relation to the Defence’s
allegation that the statement was inaccurately recorded, this was what counsel
put to the interpreter, Mr Wong, in cross-examination:

Q Mr Wong, my instruction is that---by my client is that during the recording
of this statement, he mentioned that you are distracted because you were using
your mobile device quite---you were referring to your mobile device quite
frequently. Do you agree?

A I disagree.

Q I’m putting it to you that to---during the recording of the statement, you
were using the---your mobile device. And as such, you did not fully understood
what he was trying to tell you.

A I disagree.

Q So I’m putting it to you that the statement that you have translated did not
accurately reflect what he told you during the interview.

A I disagree.

Chung Your Honour, I have no further questions.

[emphasis added]

This must be seen in light of what the accused actually contested in respect
of his 5 December statement in his evidence-in-chief. The most material parts
of this statement which the accused challenged were as follows:

21 … The ‘baifen’ that I hung on the hook and the ones that were already
packed into smaller packets were bought at the same time. All of the ‘baifen’
belongs to me. I had bought them to sell to my customers. I know that selling
‘baifen’ is wrong. I had bought 2 big packets of ‘baifen’ from ‘Botak’
sometime in the beginning of November. ‘Botak’ is a Malaysian. I cannot
remember exactly when I had bought the 2 packets. ...

…

26 A day before I had bought the 2 big packets of ‘baifen’ from ‘Botak’
sometime in the beginning of November, he had called me in the afternoon. I
cannot remember the exact time. ‘Botak’ asked me if I wanted to buy some more
‘baifen’. I said ‘ok’ and asked him for 2 ‘batu’. ‘Botak’ told me that the
price of 2‘batu’ is $7600. I asked him if there is any discount for 2 ‘batu’
but he said no. I agreed to the price …

27 … Like the first 2 times, as I was climbing up the stairs to my unit,
‘Botak’ called to tell me that he had already collected the money. He also did
not say how much he had collected. …

[emphasis added in bold]

37 According to the accused, each reference above to him having “bought” two
batu or packets from “Botak” was incorrect. Instead, he would only have
referred to buying one batu. Specifically, the accused claimed that he had
admitted only to buying one batu which he repacked into 45 packets and sold to
his customers, and denied buying the other batu with the intention to sell. In
relation to paragraph 26 of the 5 December statement, the accused said that he
had asked “Botak” for only one batu, but “Botak” had informed him of his own
accord that two batu would cost $7,600. The accused claimed he had told the
interpreter that he had rejected “Botak”’s offer because he could not afford
the sum, and claimed that he never asked “Botak” if there was any discount for
two batu. He had therefore only agreed to purchase one batu for $3,800. In
relation to paragraph 27, the accused denied telling the interpreter that
“Botak” had called to inform him that he had collected the money. Instead,
“Botak” called the accused to inform him that the delivery of an additional
batu was a mistake (see [18] above). In addition, the accused claimed that
each time he was recorded in the paragraphs above as referring to the
“beginning” of November, he had in fact said “mid-November”. When the accused
was asked in cross-examination how each of these discrepancies came about, he
maintained his case, as was put to Mr Wong and ASP Imran, that it was the
interpreter’s mistake.

38 It was readily apparent that if the accused’s account were to be believed,
what had transpired during the recording of the 5 December statement could not
be said to be “mistakes”. This was not a case where Mr Wong did not accurately
translate what the accused had said. The allegation was far more insidious.
Indeed, the true allegation must have been that Mr Wong had persistently
translated “one batu” as “two batu”, deliberately ignored the accused’s denial
in relation to “D1A1A1”, and entirely concocted sentences such as the one in
which the accused asked “Botak” for a discount for two batu. In other words,
Mr Wong must have deliberately changed the accused’s account so as to frame
him. The only alternative to this postulation (which was in any case not put
forward by the Defence) was that it was ASP Imran who made these changes, but
this also could not have taken place without Mr Wong’s knowledge and
acquiescence. The allegation that Mr Wong had been distracted because he was
using his mobile phone during the statement recording, which had been flatly
denied by both Mr Wong and ASP Imran, could not remotely account for what must
have happened if the accused’s account were true. In addition, this
explanation required the court to accept that the accused did nothing when he
saw Mr Wong fiddling with his phone instead of paying attention to the
statement recording because he felt he had no right to ask Mr Wong to pay
attention. This was after all the explanation the accused gave when questioned
as to why he did not ask Mr Wong to pay attention. Here, like at [31] above, I
found the accused’s self-professed pliancy unbelievable. Further, if the
accused had such deep concerns about Mr Wong’s lack of focus, he would surely
have asked for a change of interpreter for subsequent investigative
statements. Instead, Mr Wong continued to serve as the interpreter for all the
subsequent statements. This was telling. Given all of the foregoing, the only
reasonable conclusion I could draw was that the accused’s evidence was not
honest, but an afterthought.

39 The explanation that the interpreter mistakenly translated the accused’s
statement, however, was simply unable to account for the fact that all the
statements had been read back to the accused before he signed them. As a
result of this step, the mistranslations would have been clear to the accused.
To counter this, the accused added that he was not paying attention when the
statements were read back to him. This was yet another explanation that was
all too convenient. The fact that the accused had made numerous amendments
throughout his investigative statements made this explanation significantly
less plausible. To be fair to the accused, I did not place much weight on
amendments that corrected misspellings or made minor editorial changes to the
statement. As the Defence had told the court that the accused was unable to
understand English, it seemed more likely that these amendments were noticed
by the statement recorder during the reading back of the statement, and who
then informed the accused of the necessary corrections. On the other hand, at
various points in the statements, the accused had made substantive amendments,
such as by inserting entire sentences to add ancillary factual information.
For example, in the 5 December statement at paragraph 29, after the
typewritten paragraph describing how the accused repacked the baifen, a
handwritten sentence was inserted explaining that it took about one and a half
hours for the accused to finish repacking. This additional information, which
was in any case of tangential relevance to the charge, could not have come
from anyone other than the accused. The accused clearly paid more attention
during the statement recording process than he sought to portray in court.

40 The accused’s explanation as to why he did not pay attention during the
statement recording also did not stand up to scrutiny. The accused’s claim
that his mind was on the promised phone call to his family depended on the
prior fact of ASP Imran having promised him such a call, but this likewise was
never put to ASP Imran or Mr Wong – suggesting that it was another
afterthought. Even if I believed that the accused was eagerly awaiting the
opportunity to call his family, I could not accept that, during the recording
of a statement four days after his arrest, the accused had been so overborne
by thoughts of the death penalty and his family that he could not pay
attention to what had been recorded in a statement which could well have a
crucial bearing on the very thing that was weighing on his mind, ie, whether
he would face the death penalty. Indeed, the fact he was worried about the
death penalty and his family would have compelled him to state facts which
disavowed “D1A1A1”.

41 In addition, the accused’s testimony suggested that there was only one
occasion when he had requested to make a phone call, and this was during the
recording of the 5 December statement. According to the accused, he was
eventually allowed to make a phone call that day, although no one picked up.
It was not suggested that the accused requested to make any further calls. If
it were true that the accused could not focus during the 5 December statement,
that made it hard to understand why the accused declined to have the 5
December statement read back to him at the start of the recording of the first
6 December statement, knowing that he had not been paying attention the day
before. After all, on 6 December, the accused was no longer anxiously waiting
to make his phone call. Taken as a whole, there were far too many gaps in the
accused’s explanations for them to have any credibility. Consequently, I had
no reason to doubt the accuracy and reliability of the 5 December statement.

42 For the sake of completeness, I also considered the accused’s claim that he
could not have been able to afford to pay $7,600 for the drugs (see [18]
above). However, I was satisfied that what evidence there was pointed the
other way. On the first occasion the accused bought drugs from “Botak”, he
spent $2,100 on half a batu ([13(d)] above). These drugs could be repacked
into about 30 small packets ([13(c)] above) for sale at $120–$150 each ([14]
above), earning the accused about $3,600–$4,500. The accused then spent $3,800
on one batu ([13(d)] above), which could be repacked into about 60 small
packets, earning the accused about $7,200–$9,000. The accused’s total proceeds
from these transactions would thus have been about $10,800–$13,500. From a
cash flow perspective (and not a profit and loss perspective, since the
accused’s contention was that he did not have enough cash to pay $7,600), the
accused would only have spent $3,800 of these proceeds on acquiring the drugs,
since he had to pay the original $2,100 before he could sell any of the drugs,
and so must have had acquired that sum from other sources. Thus, by the time
he came to make the third purchase of two batu, the accused would have been
left with about $7,000–$9,700 in cash from his drug trafficking activities.
Effectively, the accused would “roll” his funds from one transaction to the
other. I also noted that the accused had said he had an income of about $1,000
a month from working odd jobs. It would therefore have been far from
impossible for the accused to have paid $7,600 for two batu in the hopes of
increasing the scale of his operations and thus his future earnings. Indeed,
this was how the accused had explained his operations in the first 6 December
statement, the contents of which he did not challenge:

34 … This was how I managed to buy more ‘baifen’ from ‘Botak’ each time he
called me. I used the money I made to ‘roll’ for a new supply of ‘baifen’. The
remaining money that I made after buying more ‘baifen’ was used as daily
expenses for myself and my wife. …

To be clear, nothing in my view turned on the precise details of the accused’s
financial position. I considered the accused’s finances only to the extent
necessary to be satisfied that it was not improbable, based on the evidence
available, for the accused to have bought the quantity of drugs for which he
was charged.

The first contemporaneous statement

43 The accused’s challenge to his admissions recorded in the first
contemporaneous statement ran into the same difficulties that I highlighted at
[33] above. One part of the accused’s allegations (see [20] above) was that he
took responsibility for the drugs in the first contemporaneous statement in
order to protect his family from being investigated, and in this connection,
SSI Tony had earlier threatened to investigate his wife if he did not
“cooperate”. However, the other part of the allegations was that SSI Tony
never showed the accused “D1A1A1” when recording the first contemporaneous
statement, and the accused’s admission to ownership and his intention to sell
in the statement therefore referred only to the 45 packets. These positions
were maintained in the accused’s testimony and in the cross-examination of SSI
Tony respectively. The tension between the two positions lay in the fact that
the only reason for the accused to give a false statement to protect his
family was because of “D1A1A1”, since by the accused’s own account, he was in
fact guilty of trafficking in the remaining drugs, and had no qualms about
admitting responsibility for them. The argument that the accused had not been
shown “D1A1A1” was therefore at odds with the argument that the accused only
admitted to trafficking in “D1A1A1” to protect his family. It was difficult to
give credence to either argument other than as an afterthought. Further,
although the accused’s counsel tried to suggest to SSI Tony that the accused
was eager to protect his family when giving his first contemporaneous
statement, it was never put to SSI Tony that at any point he had threatened to
implicate the accused’s wife. This cemented the impression that the accused
was laying embellishment over embellishment as the trial progressed in order
to recant his first contemporaneous statement.

44 Here, it was worth considering the 4 December statement. Although the 4
December statement did not contain any direct account of the offence, it was
relevant here because in that statement the accused recounted the recording of
the first contemporaneous statement (see [11(b)] above). In that recount, the
accused moved directly from explaining how “D1A1A1”, “E1A” and “E2A” were
seized to how he had told SSI Tony that the baifen belonged to him. This was
another opportunity where one would expect the accused to point out either
that he had lied to SSI Tony to protect his family, or that SSI Tony had
wrongly recorded an admission in respect of the 46 packets when the accused
had only admitted to ownership of the 45 packets, if either of those stories
were true. The accused did no such thing in the 4 December statement, once
again suggesting that he had concocted those assertions. It was also relevant
that the accused had made corrections in this statement before signing it, and
did not assert that these portions had been incorrectly recorded.

The 7 December statement and the July 2017 statement

45 The 7 December statement and the July 2017 statement may be addressed
together, because they both made the same, simple point: in both statements,
the accused confirmed once again that “D1A1A1” belonged to him and that he
intended to sell its contents (see [15]–[16] above). Furthermore, the accused
has conspicuously failed to offer any explanation for these repeat
confessions. As the Prosecution correctly pointed out, the first time these
statements were addressed at the trial was when the accused was confronted
with them during cross-examination. In both cases, the accused’s only response
was to simply assert that he could not have said those things, because they
did not fit within his version of events. This entirely inadequate response
only underlined the serious discrepancy between the accused’s repeated
confessions in his statements to possessing “D1A1A1” with the intention of
trafficking the drugs therein, and the series of weak explanations he gave at
trial to explain these confessions away. It was relevant that there had been
no allegation here that Mr Wong was fiddling with his phone and therefore not
paying attention to what the accused was saying. It was also relevant that the
accused had made corrections to the July 2017 statement before signing it.

46 I therefore concluded at the same point at which I began, which was the
consistency of all the accused’s statements taken as a whole, from the first
contemporaneous statement, to the cautioned statement, to the series of
investigative statements ending seven months after the accused’s arrest. In
this long line of statements, recorded by a number of different CNB officers
and interpreters, not once did the accused recant any of his earlier
confessions; instead, in many of them he further confirmed that all the drugs
seized were intended by him for sale. The accused’s position required me to
accept that CNB officers and interpreters palpably failed to discharge their
duties – in some instances deliberately concocting versions of the facts that
were severely prejudicial to the accused and contrary to what he was saying,
and in others refusing to record what he was saying. Since not a shred of
evidence (other than bald assertions which emerged only during the trial) has
been offered in support of these serious allegations, I did not accept them.

47 For the reasons above, I concluded that the accused’s statements had been
accurately recorded and were reliable, and that the accused’s account in court
was a desperate and unconvincing series of lies designed to explain away his
highly incriminating statements. The accused did not raise a reasonable doubt,
let alone sufficient proof on a balance of probabilities, to challenge the
cogent evidence that he had possessed “D1A1A1” together with the remaining 45
packets for the purpose of trafficking. I therefore convicted him on the
charge.

Sentence

48 Although the charge I convicted the accused of carried the mandatory death
penalty, s 33B MDA provides the court with a discretion not to impose the
death penalty in two limited sets of circumstances, set out in ss 33B(2) and
33B(3) respectively.

49 A prerequisite for both ss 33B(2) and 33B(3) to apply was a finding that
the accused was acting as a courier in the terms of ss 33B(2)(a) or 33B(3)(a)
(which are materially identical). The Prosecution submitted that the accused
did not satisfy this prerequisite, and the Defence made no submission to the

contrary. I agree that it was clear that the accused was not merely acting as
a courier. As the Court of Appeal explained in Public Prosecutor v Chum Tat
Suan and another [2015] 1 SLR 834 at [62], the accused’s intention to sell the
drugs that are the subject of the charge clearly takes him out of the scope of
ss 33B(2)(a) and 33B(3)(a). In the present case, it followed from my
acceptance of the reliability of the first contemporaneous statement, the 5
December statement, and the 7 December statement (see [8], [13(a)] and [15]
above), just to take the clearest examples, that the accused intended to sell
the drugs in “D1A1A1”, “E1A”, and “E2A”, save for small quantities which he
might remove for his own consumption. To be clear, it is well-established that
regardless of whether the accused had sold any of the drugs, his intention to
do so was sufficient to take him out of the scope of ss 33B(2)(a) and
33B(3)(a): Zamri bin Mohd Tahir v Public Prosecutor [2019] 1 SLR 724 at [17].
Section 33B was thus inapplicable to the accused on this basis.

50 The Prosecution also informed me that it would not be issuing a certificate
of substantive assistance under s 33B(2)(b) in respect of the accused. As
such, s 33B(2) would have been inapplicable to him in any case.

51 As s 33B MDA did not apply, I imposed the mandatory death penalty on the
accused.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge

Tan Wee Hao, Nicholas Wuan Kin Lek and Samuel Yap (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Chung Ting Fai (Chung Ting Fai & Co), Prasad s/o Karunakarn (K Prasad & Co)
and Ng Wai Keong Timothy (Timothy Ng LLC)  
for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

