Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 139

Originating Summons 426 of 2019

Between

(1)| Lendlease Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| M & S Management & Contracts Services Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Building and Construction Law] — [Timeline for lodging Adjudication
Application] — [Section 13(3)(a) Building and Construction Industry Security
of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lendlease Singapore Pte Ltd

  

v

  

M & S Management & Contracts Services Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 139

High Court — Originating Summons 426 of 2019  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
10 May 2019

30 May 2019

Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 The sole issue in this case is whether the adjudication application (“AA”)
lodged by the defendant was out of time in breach of s 13(3)(a) of the
Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (“SOPA”). This
depended on when the time for lodging the AA began to run: the date of
physical service of the payment claim, or the date stated in the payment
claim.

Background

2 The plaintiff is the main contractor for a project titled “Paya Lebar
Quarter”, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Levis David Alan, 1st Affidavit at para 5.

and engaged the defendant to supply general labour for the project pursuant to
a contract. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Levis David Alan, 1st Affidavit at para 6.

This contract was termed the “Labour Hire Agreement”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Manjit Singh Affidavit, para 4.

The contract provided for payment claims to be made on the 20th day of each
month.

3 On 18 January 2019, the defendant served payment claim no 29 (“PC29”) on the
plaintiff. This was a Friday. However, PC29 was dated 20 January 2019, which
was a Sunday.

4 The plaintiff subsequently served its payment response (“PR29”) on 8
February 2019. Thereafter, the defendant served its notice of intention to
apply for adjudication on 25 February 2019 and lodged the AA in SOP/AA 084 of
2019 with the Singapore Mediation Centre on 25 February 2019. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Levis David Alan, 1st Affidavit at para 9.

The plaintiff then filed its adjudication response on 5 March 2019, detailing
its objection that the AA lodged on 25 February 2019 was out of time. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Levis David Alan, 1st Affidavit at para 11.

5 The adjudicator below dismissed the plaintiff’s jurisdictional objection in
the adjudication determination (“AD”) and found that the defendant had lodged
the AA within time. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Levis David Alan, 1st Affidavit at para 12.

Parties’ cases

6 The plaintiff argued that the operative date from which the time began to
run for the purpose of lodging the AA (“the operative date”) was the date on
which PC29 was physically served. The plaintiff cited contractual terms, which
in its view, showed that the operative date as the physical date of service.

7 Clause 7.1(c)(i) read with Annexture Part A of the contract provided for
payment claims to be made on the 20th day of each calendar month. The
provision reads: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Levis David Alan, 1st Affidavit at p 48; p 57.

7.1 Payment Claim

…

c) [The defendant] must give [the plaintiff] a payment claim on account of the
Fee and all other amounts then payable by [the Plaintiff] to [the Defendant]
under the Agreement:

(i) at the times stated in Annexture Part A, until completion of the Services
or termination of the Agreement (whichever is earlier);

…

Annexture Part A

Payment Claim Date 20th calendar day of each month

(clause 7.1(c)(i))

[emphasis in original]

8 If the 20th day was on a non-business day, the contract required the payment
claim to be given on the preceding business day. This is found in cl 1.2 which
provides as follows: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Levis David Alan, 1st Affidavit at p 42.

1.2. Interpretation

…

d) If any notice is to be given, or any other act, matter or thing is to be
done on a specified day, and that day falls on a day which is not a Business
Day, then it must be given or done on the preceding Business Day

9 A “Business Day” is defined under cl 1.1 as follows: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Levis David Alan, 1st Affidavit at p 40.

1.1. Business Day means any day other than:

a) a Saturday or Sunday;

b) a public holiday, special holiday or bank holiday in the place where the
Site is located; or

c) 27, 28, 29, 30 and 31 December.

10 Thus, since the 20th of January 2019 was a Sunday, the plaintiff argued
that the contract required that the payment claim be given on the preceding
Business Day, ie, on 18 January 2019, a Friday.

11 The contract also specified when a payment certificate (contractually
deemed to be a payment response) was to be issued. Clause 7.2(a) states: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Levis David Alan, 1st Affidavit at p 48 – 49.

7.2. Payment Certificate

a) After agreeing the payment claim amount and in any case within 21 days of
receiving the payment claim duly submitted pursuant to clause 7.1, [the
Plaintiff] must issue a progress payment to [the Defendant] …

12 The defendant disagreed with the plaintiff’s interpretation of the
contractual terms and submitted that the operative date was the date on which
PC29 was dated. In so arguing, it relied heavily on the Court of Appeal
decision in Audi Construction Pte Ltd v Kian Hiap Construction Pte Ltd [2018]
SGCA 4 (“Audi Construction”).

13 Both parties agreed that if the operative date was on 18 January 2019, the
AA would have been lodged out of time and if it was 20 January 2019, then it
would have been validly lodged. Thus, the only issue to be determined was
whether the operative date was on 18 or 20 January 2019.

My decision

14 In my view, the contractual terms are clear. Clause 7.1(c)(i) read with
Annexture Part A provides that the defendant “must give” the plaintiff a
payment claim on the 20th day of each month. Clause 1.2 provides that if any
“act, matter or thing is to be done on a specified day, and that day falls on
a day which is not a Business Day, then it must be … done on the preceding
Business Day”. There is no dispute that the preceding Business Day in question
is 18 January 2019. Therefore, as 20 January 2019, the day that the defendant
was required under the contract to “give” the plaintiff a payment claim, fell
on Sunday, then cl 1.2 of the contract operates to alter that day to Friday,
18 January 2019.

15 The defendant cited the case of Audi Construction as authority for the
proposition that the operative date is 20 January 2019, which is the date
appearing on a payment claim. I did not think that Audi Construction was
applicable, for the reasons set out below.

16 Audi Construction involved the question of the validity of the service of a
payment claim. The contract provided for payment claims to be given on the
20th day of each month. As 20 November 2016 fell on a Sunday, the appellant
served the payment claim for that month on Friday 18 November 2016 but post-
dated it to 20 November 2016. The Court of Appeal held that in serving the
payment claim on 18 November 2016 and post-dating it to 20 November 2016, the
appellant had adopted a “practical and sensible way of complying with the
parties’ contract” because it was clear from the evidence that service could
not practically have been effected on a Sunday, as the respondent’s office was
closed. The payment claim served on 18 November 2016 was therefore valid under
s 10(2)(a) of SOPA.

17 Although the facts in Audi Construction, at first blush, appear similar to
the present case, there is one material difference. In Audi Construction,
there was no express contractual provision for the situation where the date
for serving a payment claim falls on a Sunday. In Audi Construction, the Court
of Appeal held at [26] that the service was valid for two reasons. Firstly,
there was a “good reason” for the appellant to serve it on the preceding
Friday, because it was not possible to do it on the contractual date which
fell on a Sunday. Secondly, as the appellant had put the contractual date as
the date of the payment claim, there could be no confusion as to the operative
date of the payment claim. The Court of Appeal stated at [28] that the
appellant had adopted a “practical and sensible way” of complying with the
contract.

18 In the present case, the contract specifically provided for the situation
where the date of service of the payment claim falls on a Sunday. In such a
situation, the parties must comply with the contractual provisions as required
by s 10(2)(a) of SOPA. Audi Construction is therefore not applicable in the
circumstances of the present case. Indeed, the Court of Appeal in Audi
Construction explicitly restricted its decision to the two factors set out in
[17] above and stated as follows at [28]:

We emphasise, however that our decision in this regard was made on the basis
of the combination of the two facts set out at [26] above.

19 Given the above, I could not agree with the defendant that the date of the
payment claim was the operative date because the provisions of the parties’
contract clearly provide for the date of service of the payment claim for
January 2019 to be 18 January as 20 January fell on a Sunday. The plaintiff
had served its payment claim on that day and time would run from that day. The
plaintiff’s act of post-dating it cannot have any effect on the operative date
of the payment claim.

20 As there was no dispute on the consequences that follow from this finding,
I found that the AA lodged on 25 February 2019 was out of time and in breach
of the mandatory provision in s 13(3)(a) of SOPA. Accordingly, I set aside the
AD and ordered the defendant to pay costs to the plaintiff fixed at $5000.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Joseph Lee Sien Liang, Chew Wei Jie and Yap Pei Yin (LVM Law Chambers LLC) for
the plaintiff;  
Brendon Choa Sn-Yien, Zachariah Chow Jie Rui and Milon Goh (ACIES Law
Corporation) for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

