Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the family justice courts of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHCF 1

HCF/Suit No 6 of 2017  
(Registrar’s Appeals Nos 2 and 3 of 2018)

Between

(1)| URF  
---|---  
(2)| URG  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| URH  
  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Family Law] — [Family Court]

[Family Law] — [Procedure]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
URF and another

  

v

  

URH

[2019] SGHCF 1

High Court — HCF/Suit No 6 of 2017 (Registrar’s Appeals Nos 2 and 3 of 2018)  
Tan Puay Boon JC  
10 October 2018; 26 October 2018

8 January 2019 Judgment reserved.

Tan Puay Boon JC:

1 Registrar’s Appeals Nos 2 and 3 of 2018 (“RA 2” and “RA 3”) are two appeals
that arise out of a suit concerning the estate of [X], who passed away in
2017. RA 2 is the plaintiffs’ appeal against certain specific discovery orders
made by the assistant registrar (“the AR”) below. RA 3 is the defendant’s
appeal against a bifurcation order made by the AR.

The parties

2 The first plaintiff was [X]’s personal assistant who worked with him at his
company, [Z] Pte Ltd, since at least the 1980s. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) dated 2 February 2018 (“Defence”) at
para 6; Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) dated 20 February
2018 (“Reply”) at para 16.

The precise relationship between [X] and the first plaintiff is keenly
disputed in this action.

3 The second plaintiff is the son of the first plaintiff’s sister. According
to him, the first plaintiff has cared for and raised him as her son since he
was about a few weeks old, and he regards her as his mother. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

2nd plaintiff’s affidavit dated 13 April 2018 at para 11.

4 The defendant is the only child of [X] and [X]’s wife, [Y]. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendant’s affidavit dated 13 April 2018 at para 4.

He resides in Spain. The defendant has lived overseas for several years. While
[X] was alive, he would return to Singapore about once or twice each year. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defence at para 9; Reply at para 9 and 10(h).

The undisputed facts

5 On 25 April 2005, [X] and [Y] made two wills whose provisions mirror each
other. The first plaintiff was a witness to these wills. I will refer to the
will executed by [X] as “the 2005 Will”. The 2005 Will provided as follows: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

2nd plaintiff’s affidavit dated 13 April 2018 at paras 17–18 and pp 15–19.

(a) [X] appointed [Y] as the executrix of the will albeit that if [Y]
predeceased him or died within two weeks of his death, the defendant was to be
appointed as the executor of the will;

(b) [Y] was named as the sole beneficiary of [X]’s estate albeit that, if [Y]
predeceased [X], the defendant was to be the sole beneficiary.

6 On 12 January 2007, [Y] passed away. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

2nd plaintiff’s affidavit dated 13 April 2018 at para 8.

7 On 12 November 2008, [X] allegedly executed a will (“the 2008 Will”). Under
the terms of the 2008 Will: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

2nd plaintiff’s affidavit dated 13 April 2018 at paras 19–20 and pp 21–23.

(a) All former wills made by [X] were revoked;

(b) [X] appointed the plaintiffs to be the executors of the will;

(c) [X] gave his house and certain office premises to the plaintiffs in joint
tenancy; and

(d) [X] gave his residual estate to the plaintiffs and the defendant in the
following proportions: 40% to the first plaintiff, 30% to the second plaintiff
and 30% to the defendant.

8 On 14 May 2017, [X] passed away. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

2nd plaintiff’s affidavit dated 13 April 2018 at para 6.

9 On 22 June 2017, the plaintiffs applied for a grant of probate of the 2008
Will. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

2nd plaintiff’s affidavit dated 13 April 2018 at para 21.

10 On 29 June 2017, the defendant’s solicitors lodged a caveat on his behalf
against the grant of probate (“the Caveat”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

2nd plaintiff’s affidavit dated 13 April 2018 at para 22 and p 24.

11 On 3 July 2017, the plaintiffs filed a Warning to Caveator requiring the
defendant to file an Appearance to Warning setting out his alleged interest in
[X]’s estate. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

2nd plaintiff’s affidavit dated 13 April 2018 at para 23 and pp 26–27.

12 On 11 July 2017, the defendant filed an Appearance in respect of the
Warning to Caveator, claiming that he had an interest in [X]’s estate as the
sole beneficiary to and intended administrator of [X]’s estate. The defendant
alleged that the 2008 Will was invalid on the grounds of undue influence
and/or lack of testamentary capacity due to [X]’s medical condition at the
material time. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

2nd plaintiff’s affidavit dated 13 April 2018 at para 24 and pp 28–29.

13 On 31 August 2017, the plaintiffs commenced this suit (“Suit 6”) in the
Family Division of the High Court (“the Family Division”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Writ of summons dated 31 August 2017.

The parties’ cases in Suit 6

14 The plaintiffs’ case, pared down to its essentials, is as follows:

(a) First, the 2008 Will is valid: the defendant’s claims that it was procured
by undue influence and that [X] lacked testamentary capacity at the material
time (see [18(a)] below) are untrue. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Statement of claim dated 31 August 2017 (“Statement of claim”) at para 7.

(b) Second, the defendant’s allegations regarding the validity of the 2005
Will and transfers which [X] allegedly made to the plaintiffs (“the Alleged
Transfers”) (see [18(b)]–[18(c)] below) are also untrue. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Reply at paras 75–81.

15 The plaintiffs accordingly seek, among other reliefs, an order that the
Caveat be removed and a grant of probate of the 2008 Will. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Statement of claim at p 3.

16 More broadly, the plaintiffs aver as follows:

(a) The first plaintiff and [X] had a romantic relationship spanning 40 years;
they were constant companions until his passing. [X] cared for the plaintiffs
as if they were his wife and son; the trio were for all intents and purposes a
family unit. Although [X] and [Y] remained married, they led largely separate
lives. [Y] knew of [X]’s relationship with the first plaintiff, and did not
show resentment towards the plaintiffs. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Reply at paras 16–20.

(b) The defendant had a fractious relationship with his parents, [X] and [Y].
[X] had often shared with the plaintiffs his disappointment with and
disapproval of the defendant, whom he regarded as selfish. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Reply at paras 10–11.

(c) In or around 2006, [X] was diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease. However,
this did not cause [X] to suffer from any significant cognitive impairment. It
was only in August 2009 (that is, after the 2008 Will was executed) that [X]’s
health took a turn for the worse. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Reply at paras 24–25, 29 and 56.

17 Importantly, on the plaintiffs’ own case, the first plaintiff was heavily
involved in [X]’s life and personal affairs, and there was “love, mutual trust
and confidence” between them. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Reply at para 63.

[X] “entrusted the [first plaintiff] with his personal and company affairs”.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Reply at para 64(c).

More specifically, according to the plaintiffs: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Reply at paras 17(a), 19(g), 29, 33 and 33(c)

(a) the first plaintiff and [X] “practically spent all of their time
together”;

(b) [X]’s cars were available for the first plaintiff’s use;

(c) the first plaintiff signed the necessary papers to authorise surgery on
[X] after he fell into a coma in August 2009; and

(d) the first plaintiff managed or primarily supervised [X]’s care from August
2009 to 2017, and would go to his home “practically every day to attend to [X]
and the affairs of [Z] Pte Ltd” [emphasis added].

18 The defendant’s case is as follows:

(a) First, the 2008 Will is invalid because: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defence at paras 12 and 19.

(i) it was purportedly executed at a time when [X] lacked testamentary
capacity due (primarily) to illness; and

(ii) further, or alternatively, the 2008 Will was procured by undue influence
exerted by the first plaintiff over [X].

(b) Second, [X]’s last will is the 2005 Will and under that will, the
defendant is the executor and also the sole beneficiary of [X]’s estate. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defence at paras 33A–33B.

(c) Third, [X] made inter vivos transfers to the first plaintiff and/or the
second plaintiff under undue influence exerted by the plaintiffs, and/or these
transfers were made when [X] lacked mental capacity. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defence at para 34.

19 The defendant seeks the following reliefs among others: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defence at pp 16–17.

(a) a declaration that the 2008 Will is invalid and of no effect;

(b) a declaration that the 2005 Will is proved in solemn form of law and a
grant of probate of the 2005 Will;

(c) an order that the plaintiffs render an account of assets which they
received from [X] or [X]’s estate from 2008;

(d) a declaration that the transfer of [X]’s properties and/or assets to the
plaintiffs from 2008 be set aside, as having been procured by the undue
influence of the plaintiffs over [X]; and

(e) a declaration that the plaintiffs hold the properties and/or the assets
and/or [X]’s estate as constructive trustees for the defendant.

20 More broadly, the defendant makes the following claims:

(a) [X] did not have a romantic relationship with the first plaintiff, but
“always maintained a purely professional working relationship” with her. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s affidavit dated 1 June 2018 at para 3.

This is a case of “an employee-cum-personal assistant … seeking to enrich
herself with the assets of her deceased employer … [through] scheming and
systematic control of [his] mind, person and property”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defence at para 1.

(b) He had a close relationship with [X] which became stronger after [Y]
passed away. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defence at para 9.

(c) [X] had been suffering from Parkinson’s disease since 1999. His health
deteriorated rapidly around 2007 to 2008, after the death of [Y]. At this
point, the first plaintiff “seized the opportunity to systematically assume
full control, influence and dominion over the old and infirm [X] and all of
his personal finances and business affairs”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defence at para 21.

She procured the execution of the 2008 Will, prevented him from changing the
2008 Will when he wanted to in 2011 and procured transfers of monies to
herself. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defence at paras 19, 24, 29 and 35–37.

The proceedings and decisions below

21 On 13 April 2018, the parties filed the following applications:

(a) First, the plaintiffs applied for an order that the plaintiffs’ claim and
that part of the defence and counterclaim relating to the validity of the 2008
Will (“the Preliminary Issue”) be tried first, with all other parts of the
defence and counterclaim to be stayed and dealt with, if necessary, after the
determination and disposal of the Preliminary Issue. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

HCF/SUM 125/2018.

I will refer to this application as “the Bifurcation Application”.

(b) Second, the defendant applied for specific discovery of certain documents
(“the Specific Discovery Application”). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

HCF/SUM 123/2018.

22 On 20 July 2018, the AR dealt with both applications. She granted the
Bifurcation Application, ordering that the Preliminary Issue be tried first
(“the Bifurcation Order”). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

HCF/ORC 278/2018.

She also granted the Specific Discovery Application in part, ordering the
plaintiffs to provide specific discovery of various documents (“the Specific
Discovery Order”). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

HCF/ORC 292/2018.

23 The AR gave brief oral grounds for the Bifurcation Order: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Notes of Evidence dated 20 July 2018.

(a) The AR accepted that the evidence on the plaintiffs’ receipt of assets
from 2008 would bear on the validity of the 2008 Will. However, she did not
agree that there was a significant overlap of issues requiring all of the
issues to be heard at the same time. The determination of which will should be
recognised was a preliminary exercise that could proceed in a timely way, and
would have a significant impact on how the parties proceeded thereafter. If
all issues were heard at once, this would “labour the parties in terms of cost
and time”. The Bifurcation Application was thus allowed on “a balance of
justice and convenience”.

(b) The AR added that in her view, the Family Division had jurisdiction to
hear all of the matters in Suit 6. The decision of the Court of Appeal in UDA
v UDB and another [2018] 1 SLR 1015 (“UDA”) when read in the context of the
provisions of the Family Justice Act 2014 (Act 27 of 2014) (“the FJA”) did not
militate against that view.

24 I turn first to RA 3.

RA 3 – The Bifurcation Order

25 RA 3 is the defendant’s appeal against the Bifurcation Order.

The parties’ submissions

26 The defendant makes the following submissions:

(a) First, this court has jurisdiction to hear the defendant’s claims
regarding the Alleged Transfers (“the Inter Vivos Claims”) under s 22(1)(b) of
the FJA read with the Family Justice (Family Proceedings before Family
Division of High Court) Order 2014 (S 822/2014) (“the 2014 Order”). Further,
in any event, the court has jurisdiction to hear the Inter Vivos Claims under
s 25 of the FJA. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendant’s submissions for RA 3 at paras 43, 55(a) and 56; Defendant’s
further submissions for RA 3 at para 123.

(b) Second, the AR erred in making the Bifurcation Order. There was no basis
for that order because the Preliminary Issue is not a succinct knock-out point
capable of being decided after a relatively short hearing but will require
extensive inquiry into the facts, cannot be divorced from the Inter Vivos
Claims, does not involve the straightforward construction of documents; and
however it is decided, will save little time or expense because the Inter
Vivos Claims will still have to be tried. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s submissions for RA 3 at para 81.

27 The plaintiffs submit as follows:

(a) First, this court does not have jurisdiction to hear the Inter Vivos
Claims, because the claims do not fall within the jurisdiction of the Family
Division as delineated under ss 22 and 25 of the FJA. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for RA 3 at paras 114(d)–(e) and 121–122.

(b) Second, in any case, the AR did not err in making the Bifurcation Order.
Bifurcation is justified because: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for RA 3 at paras 50, 55 and 82.

(i) it will facilitate or increase the prospects of settlement of the Inter
Vivos Claims, which would lead to very substantial savings of costs and
resources;

(ii) there is no significant overlap in the issues raised by the Preliminary
Issue and the Inter Vivos Claims; and

(iii) more generally, bifurcation would lead to substantial savings in costs
and time.

The issues

28 The parties’ arguments are joined over two issues:

(a) First, does this court have jurisdiction over the Inter Vivos Claims (“the
Jurisdiction Issue”)?

(b) Second, if the court has jurisdiction over the Inter Vivos Claims, did the
AR err in making the Bifurcation Order (“the Bifurcation Issue”)?

29 The Bifurcation Issue only arises if this court has jurisdiction over the
Inter Vivos Claims. I therefore turn first to the Jurisdiction Issue.

The Jurisdiction Issue

30 In the landmark decision of UDA, the Court of Appeal made several important
pronouncements on the jurisdiction of the Family Division. Having considered
the relevant provisions of the FJA in the light of UDA, along with the
parties’ submissions, I have come to the view that this court does not have
jurisdiction over the Inter Vivos Claims.

31 I begin with s 22(1) of the FJA, which states:

Original civil jurisdiction of High Court exercisable through Family Division

22.—(1) The part of the civil jurisdiction of the High Court which shall be
exercised through the Family Division shall consist of —

(a) the jurisdiction conferred on the High Court by sections 17(a), (d), (e)
and (f) and 17A of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap. 322); and

(b) such other jurisdiction relating to family proceedings as is vested in or
conferred on the High Court by any written law.

[emphasis added]

32 I first discuss s 22(1)(a) of the FJA.

Section 22(1)(a) of the FJA

33 It is clear, and undisputed, that this court does not have jurisdiction
over the Inter Vivos Claims under s 22(1)(a) of the FJA. This is because
sections 17(1)(a), 17(1)(d), 17(1)(e) and 17(1)(f) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”) provide as follows:

Civil jurisdiction — specific

17.—(1) Without prejudice to the generality of section 16, the civil
jurisdiction of the High Court shall include —

(a) jurisdiction under any written law relating to divorce and matrimonial
causes;

…

(d) jurisdiction to appoint and control guardians of infants and generally
over the persons and property of infants;

(e) jurisdiction to appoint and control guardians and keepers of the persons
and estates of idiots, mentally disordered persons and persons of unsound
mind; and

(f) jurisdiction to grant probates of wills and testaments, letters of
administration of the estates of deceased persons and to alter or revoke such
grants.

[emphasis added]

34 The Inter Vivos Claims plainly fall outside the scope of these provisions.
(I note in passing, however, that it is undisputed that this court has
jurisdiction over the parties’ respective claims for a grant of probate of the
2005 and 2008 Wills (“the Probate Claims”) under s 17(1)(f) of the SCJA. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for RA 3 at para 114(c); Defendant’s further
submissions for RA 3 at para 114.

)

35 Further, s 17A of the SCJA, which concerns the High Court’s concurrent
jurisdiction with the Syariah Court in certain matters, is not applicable.

36 I therefore conclude that this court does not have jurisdiction over the
Inter Vivos Claims under s 22(1)(a) of the FJA.

Section 22(1)(b) of the FJA

37 Under s 22(1)(b) (see [31] above), the Family Division has jurisdiction:

(a) vested in or conferred on the High Court by any “written law”,

(b) which relates to “family proceedings”.

38 The defendant argues that this court has jurisdiction over the Inter Vivos
Claims under s 22(1)(b) of the FJA read with the 2014 Order (see [26(a)]
above) as follows:

(a) First, the 2014 Order is “written law” that confers jurisdiction over the
Inter Vivos Claims on the Family Division. The defendant cites s 2(1) of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Interpretation Act”) which
defines “written law” to include subsidiary legislation. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s further submissions for RA 3 at para 55.

(b) Second, the jurisdiction conferred on the High Court by the 2014 Order
relates to “family proceedings”. In this connection, the defendant submits
that the definition of ‘family proceedings” is not confined to the definition
set out in s 2(1) of the FJA. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defendant’s further submissions for RA 3 at para 71.

39 The plaintiffs argue to the contrary as follows:

(a) First, the 2014 Order is subsidiary legislation and thus, it cannot expand
the jurisdiction of the court. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for RA 3 at paras 120–121.

(b) Second, even if the 2014 Order confers jurisdiction on this court, the
Inter Vivos Claims do not fall within the scope of the 2014 Order because they
do not involve administration actions or proceedings. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiff’s further submissions for RA 3 at paras 53.

(c) Third, any jurisdiction which the High Court has over the Inter Vivos
Claims does not relate to “family proceedings”, which term is exhaustively
defined in s 2(1) of the FJA, and therefore is not devolved to the Family
Division under s 22(1)(b) of the FJA. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s further submissions for RA 3 at paras 25–51.

40 In my judgment, this court does not have jurisdiction over the Inter Vivos
Claims under s 22(1)(b) of the FJA read with the 2014 Order.

41 First, the 2014 Order is not “written law” that vests jurisdiction in the
High Court. The 2014 Order is a piece of subsidiary legislation, whereas it is
well-established that the jurisdiction of a court can only derive from
statute: see Re Nalpon Zero Geraldo Mario [2013] 3 SLR 258 at [14] and [20].
In UDA, the Court of Appeal reiterated this position at [48] as follows:

Further, it is a fundamental tenet of statutory interpretation that subsidiary
legislation like rules of procedure cannot create substantive rights. Rule 353
is a procedural rule permitting parties with an interest in proceedings to be
added to those proceedings but only where the court has jurisdiction to
determine that issue between the intervener and the original parties in those
same proceedings. It cannot be used to confer jurisdiction on the court since
jurisdiction can only be derived from statute. [emphasis added]

42 Since the jurisdiction of a court can only derive from statute, the phrase
“written law” in s 22(1)(b) of the FJA, in my judgment, refers only to
statute. Notwithstanding that s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act defines
“written law” to include subsidiary legislation, that provision also provides
that the definitions set out thereunder do not apply if “there is something in
the subject or context inconsistent with such construction …”. In my judgment,
the subject and context of s 22(1)(b) of the FJA (the conferral of
jurisdiction) is inconsistent with construing the phrase “written law” to
include subsidiary legislation.

43 Second, on a plain reading of the 2014 Order, it does not purport to vest
any jurisdiction in the High Court. The material portions of the 2014 Order
state:

In exercise of the powers conferred by section 26(4) of the [FJA], I,
Sundaresh Menon, Chief Justice, hereby make the following Order:

…

Family proceedings to be heard and determined by Family Division of High Court

2\. The following classes of family proceedings shall be heard and determined
by the Family Division of the High Court:

…

(c) any proceedings for the administration of the estate of a deceased person,
where the amount or value of the estate, excluding what the deceased was
possessed of or entitled to as a trustee and not beneficially, but without
deducting anything on account of the debts due or owing from the deceased, is
believed, at the time of commencement of those proceedings, by the plaintiff
or applicant to exceed $5 million…

[emphasis added]

44 Section 26 of the FJA states:

Jurisdiction of Family Courts

26.—(1) …

(2) Subject to subsections (4), (5) and (6), a Family Court shall have —

(a) all the civil jurisdiction of the High Court referred to in section
22(1)(a) and (b);

(b) when exercising any jurisdiction referred to in section 22(1)(a) or (b),
all the powers of the High Court in the exercise of the original civil
jurisdiction of the High Court; and

(c) such other jurisdiction relating to family proceedings as is conferred on
a Family Court by any written law.

…

(3A) If any family proceedings may be heard and determined by a Family Court
or by the Family Division of the High Court, those proceedings must in the
first instance be commenced in a Family Court.

(4) Despite subsections (2), (3) and (3A), the Chief Justice may by order
published in the Gazette direct that any class or description of family
proceedings specified in the order shall be heard and determined by the Family
Division of the High Court.

…

[emphasis added]

45 I make the following points about the 2014 Order and s 26 of the FJA:

(a) The 2014 Order does not purport to vest any jurisdiction in the High
Court. The word “jurisdiction” is not used in the 2014 Order at all.

(b) This is unsurprising. The 2014 Order was made “in exercise of the powers
conferred by [s 26(4)] of the [FJA]”, and s 26(4) clearly does not empower the
Chief Justice to vest jurisdiction in the High Court.

(c) Instead, s 26(4) empowers the Chief Justice to direct that certain family
proceedings be heard and determined by the Family Division, notwithstanding
that a Family Court may have jurisdiction over those proceedings under s
26(2), and the general rule in s 26(3A) that family proceedings that may be
heard and determined by a Family Court or the Family Division must in the
first instance be commenced in the former.

46 Third, I agree with the plaintiffs that any jurisdiction that the High
Court has over the Inter Vivos Claims does not relate to “family proceedings”,
and is therefore not devolved to the Family Division under s 22(1)(b) of the
FJA.

47 The term “family proceedings” is defined in s 2(1) of the FJA as follows:

2.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

…

“family proceedings” means —

(a) any civil proceedings under section 53 of the Administration of Muslim Law
Act (Cap. 3);

(b) any civil proceedings under the Adoption of Children Act (Cap. 4);

(c) any civil proceedings under the Guardianship of Infants Act (Cap. 122);

(d) any civil proceedings under the Inheritance (Family Provision) Act (Cap.
138);

(e) any civil proceedings under the International Child Abduction Act (Cap.
143C);

(f) any civil proceedings for the distribution of an intestate estate in
accordance with the Intestate Succession Act (Cap. 146);

(g) any civil proceedings under the Legitimacy Act (Cap. 162);

(h) any civil proceedings under section 10 of the Maintenance of Parents Act
(Cap. 167B);

(i) [Deleted by Act 16 of 2016 wef 01/01/2017]

(j) any civil proceedings under the Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal
Enforcement) Act (Cap. 169);

(k) any civil proceedings under the Mental Capacity Act (Cap. 177A);

(l) any civil proceedings under the Mental Health (Care and Treatment) Act
(Cap. 178A);

(m) any civil proceedings under the Status of Children (Assisted Reproduction
Technology) Act 2013 (Act 16 of 2013);

(n) any civil proceedings under section 17A(2) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap. 322);

(o) any civil proceedings under the Voluntary Sterilization Act (Cap. 347);

(p) any civil or quasi-criminal proceedings under the Women’s Charter (Cap.
353);

(q) on or after the date specified under section 47(11), any civil proceedings
under the Probate and Administration Act (Cap. 251); and

(r) on or after the date of commencement of section 7(c) of the Statutes
(Miscellaneous Amendments) Act 2016, any civil proceedings under the Wills Act
(Cap. 352);

…

48 The plaintiffs submit that the Inter Vivos Claims do not fall within the
scope of any of the proceedings set out in paragraphs (a) to (r) of the
definition of “family proceedings” in s 2(1) of the FJA. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s further submissions for RA 3 at paras 28–51.

The defendant does not contend otherwise. I accept the plaintiffs’ submission.
Further, although s 2(1) of the FJA states that the definitions set out
thereunder do not apply if “the context otherwise requires”, the context of s
22(1)(b) of the FJA does not, in my judgment, require a meaning to be accorded
to the phrase “family proceedings” in s 22(1)(b) which is different from that
set out in s 2(1). I therefore conclude that any jurisdiction that the High
Court has over the Inter Vivos Claims does not relate to “family proceedings”.

49 For the aforementioned reasons, I conclude that this court does not have
jurisdiction over the Inter Vivos Claims under s 22(1)(b) of the FJA read with
the 2014 Order. It is therefore not necessary for me to express a view on the
plaintiffs’ submission that in any event, the Inter Vivos Claims do not fall
within para 2(c) of the 2014 Order as they do not involve “proceedings for the
administration of the estate of a deceased person” (see [39(b)] above).

50 I note in passing that the defendant also refers to the Trustees Act (Cap
337, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the TA”) in his further submissions in RA 3. Although a
sentence in those submissions may be interpreted as suggesting that the TA
vests jurisdiction over the Inter Vivos Claims in this court, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defendant’s further submissions for RA 3 at para 111.

I do not understand this to be the defendant’s position. Rather, the
defendant’s position appears to be that the TA affirms the “equity
jurisdiction” of the Family Justice Courts (by empowering those courts to
exercise certain powers and grant certain reliefs). 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendant’s further submissions for RA 3 at paras 102–105 and 123.

51 In any case, I am satisfied that the TA does not confer jurisdiction over
the Inter Vivos Claims on this court. The defendant did not draw my attention
to any relevant jurisdiction-conferring provision in the TA, and I am
satisfied that there is no such provision.

52 I now turn to s 25 of the FJA.

Section 25 of the FJA

53 Section 25 of the FJA states:

Family Division may exercise entire jurisdiction of High Court

25\. For the avoidance of doubt, the Family Division of the High Court may
exercise the entire original and appellate civil and criminal jurisdiction of
the High Court under the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap. 322) and under
any other written law.

54 In UDA, the Court of Appeal stated the following on s 25 at [45]:

In the light of the way that s 22 plainly delineates the jurisdiction
conferred on the Family Division, the purpose of s 25 is to be a gap-filling
provision for the purpose of assisting the Family Division in exercising its
primary jurisdiction. It confirms that the Family Division has power to deal
with civil issues when they arise in the course of matters in which the Family
Division’s jurisdiction has been properly invoked. …

[emphasis added]

55 Thus, s 25 of the FJA is a “gap-filling provision” that enables the Family
Division to deal with civil issues arising in the course of matters in which
the Family Division’s primary jurisdiction under s 22 of the FJA is invoked.

56 The Inter Vivos Claims do not “arise in the course of” the Probate Claims
(regarding which the Family Division’s primary jurisdiction under s 22(1)(a)
of the FJA read with s 17(1)(f) of the SCJA has been invoked). They are claims
that are independent of the Probate Claims. It is unnecessary to determine the
Inter Vivos Claims to dispose of the Probate Claims. The defendant could have
brought the Probate Claims without bringing the Inter Vivos Claims, and vice
versa. I therefore find that this court does not have jurisdiction over the
Inter Vivos Claims pursuant to s 25 of the FJA.

Conclusion

57 I conclude that this court does not have jurisdiction over the Inter Vivos
Claims. It follows that the Bifurcation Issue – whether the AR erred in
ordering the Preliminary Issue to be tried before the other issues raised by
the pleadings in Suit 6 – does not arise, since this court may only hear the
Preliminary Issue and may not determine the other issues. It also follows the
defendant’s appeal in RA 3 must fail: the court cannot hear the Inter Vivos
Claims together with the Preliminary Issue, because it cannot hear the Inter
Vivos Claims to begin with.

58 I therefore dismiss RA 3.

RA 2 – The Specific Discovery Order

59 RA 2 is the plaintiffs’ appeal against the Specific Discovery Order. More
specifically, the appeal is against the AR’s decision to grant specific
discovery of the following documents (“the Documents”): 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for RA 2 at para 1.

(a) the account opening documents and quarterly bank statements in respect of
the joint account(s) held by [X] and the first plaintiff from 2008 to date,
including but not limited to a United Overseas Bank fixed deposit account;

(b) the account opening documents and quarterly bank statements in respect of
the joint account(s) held by [X] and the second plaintiff from 2008 to date;

(c) the account opening documents and quarterly bank statements for [X]’s sole
accounts and joint accounts from 2008 to date; and

(d) the account opening documents and quarterly bank statements for the first
plaintiff’s sole accounts and joint accounts from 2008 to date insofar as it
relates to [X]’s accounts.

60 The notice of appeal in RA 2 did not initially state that the plaintiffs
were appealing against the AR’s decision to grant specific discovery of the
account opening documents referred to in [59(c)]–[59(d)] above. However,
during the hearing, counsel for the plaintiffs made an oral application to
amend the notice of appeal to insert reference to the relevant documents,
explaining that he had inadvertently omitted them from the notice of appeal.
After hearing the parties’ submissions, I granted the oral application.

The parties’ submissions

61 The plaintiffs, the appellants in RA 2, make the following submissions:

(a) First, the defendant has not made out a prima facie case that the
plaintiffs have possession, custody or power over all of the Documents, in
particular the documents pertaining to [X]’s sole accounts and [X]’s joint
accounts with parties other than the plaintiffs. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for RA 2 at paras 9–11.

(b) Second, the Documents are not relevant to the Probate Claims. Nor are they
relevant to the Inter Vivos Claims. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for RA 2 at paras 12–42.

(c) Third, discovery of the Documents is not necessary. Nor does discovery
conduce to the fair disposal of the matter, since it would be tantamount to
ordering an account, that is, granting the defendant one of the reliefs he
seeks in Suit 6 (see [19(c)] above). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for RA 2 at paras 43–54.

62 The defendant submits as follows:

(a) First, the plaintiffs clearly have (had) possession, custody or power over
the Documents. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s submissions for RA 2 at paras 20–23.

(b) Second, the Documents are relevant to both the Probate Claims and the
Inter Vivos Claims, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendant’s submissions for RA 2 at paras 10–19.

even if the Bifurcation Order is upheld. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defendant’s submissions for RA 2 at paras 24–34.

My decision

The law

63 The Specific Discovery Application was made pursuant to r 466 of the Family
Justice Rules 2014 (S 813/2014) (“the FJR”), which states:

Order for discovery of particular documents

466.—(1) Subject to rule 468, the Court may at any time, on the application of
any party to a cause or matter, make an order requiring any other party to
make an affidavit stating —

(a) whether any document or class of document specified or described in the
application is, or has at any time been, in the other party’s possession,
custody or power; and

(b) if that document or class of document is not then in the other party’s
possession, custody or power, when he parted with it and what has become of
it.

…

(3) An application for an order under this rule must be supported by an
affidavit stating the belief of the deponent that the party from whom
discovery is sought under this rule has, or at some time had, in his
possession, custody or power, the document, or class of document, specified or
described in the application and that it falls within one of the following
descriptions:

(a) a document on which the party relies or will rely;

(b) a document which could —

(i) adversely affect his own case;

(ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii) support another party’s case;

(c) a document which may lead the party seeking discovery of it to a train of
inquiry resulting in his obtaining information which may —

(i) adversely affect his own case;

(ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii) support another party’s case.

64 Rule 466 of the FJR is in pari materia with O 24 r 5 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). In the recent case of EQ Capital Investments Ltd
v Sunbreeze Group Investments Ltd and others [2017] SGHCR 15 (“EQ Capital”),
the court succinctly summarised the law governing specific discovery under O
24 r 5 at [46], distilling the principles established in Bayerische Hypo- und
Vereinsbank AG v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and other
applications [2004] 4 SLR(R) 39, Dante Yap Go v Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG
[2007] SGHC 69, The Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 689 v DTZ
Debenham Tie Leung (SEA) Pte Ltd and Another [2008] SGHC 98 and CIFG Special
Assets Capital I Ltd (formerly known as Diamond Kendall Ltd) v Polimet Pte Ltd
and others [2016] 1 SLR 1382 as follows:

(a) The court’s jurisdiction to grant an order for specific discovery is
enlivened when (i) there is sufficient evidence to show that the requested
documents are in the possession, custody or power of the requested party and
(ii) the requested documents are relevant: see [the] decision of the Singapore
High Court in The Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 689 v DTZ
Debenham Tie Leung (SEA) Pte Ltd and another [2008] SGHC 98 (“DTZ Debenham”)
at [29] and [30].

(b) A deposition in an affidavit to the effect that the requested documents
are in the possession, custody or power of the requested party is normally
sufficient to constitute “sufficient evidence” of the same: see DTZ Debenham
at [30].

(c) The “relevance” of a document must be determined by reference to the
pleaded cases of the parties (see the decision of the Singapore High Court in
Dante Yap Go v Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG [2007] SGHC 69 (“Dante Yap Go”)
at [20]) and can take one of two forms:

(i) A document is directly relevant if it is one on which the party relies or
will rely; where it could adversely affect his own or another party’s case; or
where it supports another party’s case: see O 24 rr 5(3)(a) and (b) of the
Rules and Dante Yap Go at [18].

(ii) A document is indirectly relevant if may lead the applicant to a “train
of inquiry resulting in his obtaining information which may” adversely affect
his or another party’s case or which may support another party’s case: see O
24 r 5(3)(c) of the Rules and Dante Go Yap at [29].

(d) If discovery is sought of a class of documents rather than a specific
document, relevance must be shown in relation to the entire class described as
a class, and not only some parts of the class (see the decision of the
Singapore High Court in CIFG Special Assets Capital I Ltd (formerly known as
Diamond Kendall Ltd) v Polimet Pte Ltd and others [2016] 1 SLR 1382 at [24]).

(e) Even after the court’s jurisdiction has been engaged, the court still
retains a discretion to decide whether or not to make the order for specific
discovery. A court may refuse to give the order or make it only in part if it
is satisfied that “discovery is not necessary either for disposing fairly of
the cause or matter or for saving costs”: see O 24 r 7 of the Rules and the
decision of the Singapore High Court in Bayerische Hypo- und Vereinsbank AG v
Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and other applications [2004] 4
SLR(R) 39 (“Bayerische “) at [38]).

[emphasis in original]

65 I accept that these principles also apply to specific discovery under r 466
of the FJR. I now apply these principles to the facts.

Possession, custody or power

66 In my judgment, there is sufficient evidence that the Documents are or have
been in the possession, custody or power of the plaintiffs.

67 I note at the outset that the plaintiffs do not seem to dispute, and
rightly so, that they have possession, custody or power over some of the
Documents: namely, the documents relating to the joint accounts held by [X]
and the plaintiffs, and the first plaintiff’s accounts (see [59(a)]–[59(b)]
and [59(d)] above). Their case appears to be that they do not have possession,
custody or power over any documents relating to [X]’s sole accounts and [X]’s
joint accounts with parties other than the plaintiffs (see [59(c)] and [61(a)]
above).

68 In his supporting affidavit for the Specific Discovery Application, the
defendant deposed that (all of) the Documents are in the plaintiffs’
possession, custody or power. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendant’s affidavit dated 13 April 2018 at p 5 (Heading B) and para 9.

As stated in EQ Capital at [46(b)], such a deposition usually amounts to
“sufficient evidence” of the same. Further, this statement was not a bare
assertion but based on, among other factors, the fact that the plaintiffs’ own
case is that the first plaintiff was heavily involved in [X]’s personal life
and was entrusted with his personal affairs. I have detailed the relevant
portions of the plaintiffs’ pleadings at [17] above. In the premises, I am
satisfied that there is sufficient evidence that the plaintiffs, in particular
the first plaintiff, have (had) possession, custody or power over all of the
Documents, including those relating to [X]’s sole accounts and [X]’s joint
accounts with parties besides the plaintiffs.

Relevance

69 I have concluded that this court does not have jurisdiction over the Inter
Vivos Claims (see [57] above). Thus, the relevance of the Documents must be
assessed with reference to the pleadings regarding the Probate Claims.

70 The plaintiffs contend that the Probate Claims raise two main issues: (i)
whether [X] had testamentary capacity to make the 2008 Will and (ii) whether
the 2008 Will was procured by undue influence exerted by the first plaintiff.
Account opening documents and bank statements are not relevant to testamentary
capacity at all. The defendant also has not shown a link between the Documents
and the issue of whether the 2008 Will was procured by undue influence;
further, documents from November 2008 onwards are not relevant to that issue
because the 2008 Will was executed in November 2008. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions for RA 2 at paras 15–23.

71 The defendant contends that the Documents are relevant because they would
show the financial arrangements between [X] and the plaintiffs, and this is
relevant to whether the plaintiffs exercised undue influence over [X].
Further, although the 2008 Will was executed in November 2008, the defendant
relies on Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan and another and other appeals [2017] 1
SLR 654 (“Tan Yok Koon”) to contend that the conduct of the parties subsequent
to an event is relevant to the parties’ intentions regarding that event.
Therefore, the documents from 2008 to date would be relevant. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defendant’s submissions for RA 2 at paras 13–17 and 26.

72 I accept the plaintiffs’ submission that the Probate Claims raise two main
issues: (i) whether [X] had testamentary capacity to make the 2008 Will and
(ii) whether the 2008 Will was procured by undue influence exerted by the
first plaintiff. Notably, the defendant does not claim that the Documents are
relevant to the issue of [X]’s testamentary capacity to make the 2008 Will.
His case is that they are relevant to the issue of undue influence.

73 In my view, bank account opening documents and statements would be relevant
to the issue of undue influence. Information such as the date on which bank
accounts were opened, transfers of monies and the frequency and pattern of
such transfers (if any) might indicate whether [X] was under undue influence
at or around the time the 2008 Will was executed.

74 However, the 2008 Will was executed in November 2008. It is difficult to
see how the financial documents sought by the defendant relating to periods
after 2008 would be relevant to whether the 2008 Will was procured by undue
influence exerted by the first plaintiff. In this regard, in my view, Tan Yok
Koon is distinguishable. There, one issue was whether the father had gifted
certain shares to his children from 1968 to 1985. In that connection, the
Court of Appeal considered whether statements and documents executed by the
parties (after 1985) were admissible as evidence of the father’s intentions.
The court decided that such subsequent evidence was relevant, opining at [110]
that there were strong policy reasons to depart from the rule in Shephard v
Cartwright [1955] AC 431 under which subsequent evidence on the transferor’s
intentions in the transferor’s favour was generally inadmissible as evidence.
In this context, the court stated at [110] that “there is often relevant
subsequent conduct in property disputes involving a deceased transferor”. The
defendant relies on this dictum.

75 However, these remarks were not made in connection to a claim that a will
was procured by undue influence. Further, in Tan Yok Koon, the subsequent
statements referred to were not account opening documents and statements, but
affidavits, wills, statements, letters and deeds containing declarations as to
the parties’ property interests – which plainly had some bearing on whether
the father had gifted the shares. For these reasons, Tan Yok Koon is
distinguishable from the facts here and does not assist the defendant.

76 In sum, not all of the Documents are relevant to the Probate Claims. Only
those documents set out in [59(a)]–[59(d)] above which pertain to the year of
2008 (“the 2008 Documents”) are relevant.

Necessity

77 In my view, specific discovery of the 2008 Documents is necessary. The
plaintiffs’ case on necessity was largely based on their being ordered to
provide specific discovery of documents for a period of 10 years. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Plaintiffs’ submissions on RA 2 at para 49.

However, in the light of my conclusion that only the 2008 Documents are
relevant, the plaintiffs’ contention that specific discovery is unnecessary
loses its force, because the plaintiffs would only be required to provide
specific discovery of documents for 2008. Given my view that they would be
relevant to the issue of undue influence (see [73] above), I also do not
accept that ordering specific discovery of the 2008 Documents would be
tantamount to ordering an account at this stage.

Conclusion

78 In conclusion, I allow RA 2 to the extent that I order that the plaintiffs
are to provide specific discovery of only the 2008 Documents.

79 I will hear the parties on costs.

Tan Puay Boon  
Judicial Commissioner

Foo Hsiang Howe Roger and Gan Jhia Huei (Genesis Law Corporation) for the
plaintiffs;  
Tay Wei Loong Julian and Ong Hui Xian, Andrea (Lee & Lee) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

