Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHCR 07

Bankruptcy No 359 of 2019

Between

| MARINA BAY SANDS PTE LTD  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| OSUKI YOHEI  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Insolvency Law] — [Bankruptcy] — [Statutory demand]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Marina Bay Sands Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Osuki Yohei

[2019] SGHCR 07

High Court — Bankruptcy No 359 of 2019  
Jonathan Ng Pang Ern AR  
14 March, 11 April 2019

3 May 2019 Judgment reserved.

Jonathan Ng Pang Ern AR:

1 Bankruptcy No 359 of 2019 (“B 359”) is an application by the plaintiff,
Marina Bay Sands Pte Ltd, for a bankruptcy order to be made against the
defendant, Osuki Yohei. B 359 is founded on a statutory demand dated 17
December 2018 (the “SD”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Service of Statutory Demand under section 62 of the Bankruptcy
Act at pp 12-16.

Not unusually, the plaintiff’s solicitors purported to serve the SD by
mailing, pursuant to the parties’ agreement, a copy of the SD to the
defendant’s last known business address. Unusually, however, the SD was
returned unclaimed. Was the SD validly served in such circumstances? Counsel
for the plaintiff, Mr Victor Choy, submitted that it was. After hearing Mr
Choy on two occasions, I reserved judgment. This is my decision.

Background facts

2 On 5 October 2018, the plaintiff obtained judgment in default of appearance
against the defendant in High Court Suit No 923 of 2018. The judgment was for
the sum of $2,000,000, together with contractual interest and costs. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit in Support of Creditor’s Bankruptcy Application at p 12.

3 Pursuant to this judgment, the plaintiff issued the SD for the sum of
$2,030,598.65. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Service of Statutory Demand under section 62 of the Bankruptcy
Act at pp 12-16.

The SD was dated 17 December 2018. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Service of Statutory Demand under section 62 of the Bankruptcy
Act at pp 12-16.

Two days later, on 19 December 2018, the plaintiff’s solicitors mailed a copy
of the SD in a prepaid envelope by way of certificate of posting via Singapore
Post Limited to the defendant’s last known business address. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Service of Statutory Demand under section 62 of the Bankruptcy
Act at para 6.

This was pursuant to cl 10 of a Credit Agreement between the plaintiff and the
defendant (“cl 10”), which provided as follows:

10 … [The plaintiff] may effect service of any legal process on the
[defendant] by sending it by ordinary post from Singapore to, (i) [the
defendant’s] last known address (being a post office box, or a place of
residence or business, or otherwise) and/or, (ii) the address provided by the
[defendant] above. Such process or documents shall be deemed validly served on
the [defendant]. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of Service of Statutory Demand under section 62 of the Bankruptcy
Act at para 4 and p 6.

4 As it turned out, however, the SD was returned unclaimed to the plaintiff’s
solicitors with the remark “[n]o such name/company”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Service of Statutory Demand under section 62 of the Bankruptcy
Act at para 9.

5 Relying on the SD and the presumption under s 62(a) of the Bankruptcy Act
(Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (the “BA”) (see [9] below), 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit in Support of Creditor’s Bankruptcy Application at para 3(d).

the plaintiff commenced B 359 against the defendant on 13 February 2019. The
application was mailed to the defendant in a similar manner as the SD. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of Service of Bankruptcy Application at para 6.

6 B 359 first came up for hearing before me on 14 March 2019. The defendant
was absent. However, I was prepared to give him a chance as this was the first
hearing, and therefore adjourned B 359 for four weeks. At this hearing, I also
highlighted to Mr Choy my concern that the SD was returned unclaimed. To this,
Mr Choy submitted that service was nonetheless successful and briefly brought
me through two High Court decisions: Re Rasmachayana Sulistyo (alias Chang Whe
Ming), ex parte The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp Ltd and other appeals
[2005] 1 SLR(R) 483 (“Rasmachayana”) and Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd v
Measurex Corp Bhd [2002] 2 SLR(R) 684 (“OCBC”). At the end of the hearing, I
invited Mr Choy to put in written submissions for the next hearing, if he
thought this necessary.

7 The defendant was again absent at the next hearing on 11 April 2019. Mr Choy
did not take up my invitation to put in written submissions, but maintained
his earlier position in oral submissions. He emphasised that the operative
word in cl 10 (see [3] above) was “sending”. As I understand it, the crux of
Mr Choy’s submissions was that the act of sending the SD alone was sufficient
for there to be valid service; whether the SD was delivered was a separate
(and irrelevant) issue.

The law on service of statutory demands

8 The BA and the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (the “BR”)
prescribe a comprehensive list of requirements in respect of a creditor’s
bankruptcy application. For present purposes, it suffices to refer only to
some of the key provisions relating to service of statutory demands.

9 Section 61(1)(c) of the BA provides that one of the cumulative grounds of a
bankruptcy application is that “the debtor is unable to pay the debt or each
of the debts”. Section 62(a) of the BA then creates a rebuttable presumption
in favour of s 61(1)(c) of the BA when, in a creditor’s bankruptcy
application: (a) the debt is immediately payable; (b) the creditor has served
on the debtor in the prescribed manner, a statutory demand; (c) at least 21
days have elapsed since the statutory demand was served; and (d) the debtor
has neither complied with it nor applied to set it aside:

Presumption of inability to pay debts

62. For the purposes of a creditor’s bankruptcy application, a debtor shall, until he proves to the contrary, be presumed to be unable to pay any debt within the meaning of section 61(1)(c) if the debt is immediately payable and —

(a) (i) the applicant creditor to whom the debt is owed has served on him in
the prescribed manner, a statutory demand;

(ii) at least 21 days have elapsed since the statutory demand was served; and

(iii) the debtor has neither complied with it nor applied to the court to set
it aside;

…

10 The “prescribed manner” of service referred to in 62(a)(i) of the BA is in
turn set out in r 96 of the BR. Rule 96(2) of the BR contemplates personal
service as the default modality of service. However, r 96(3) of the BR allows
for substituted service when a creditor is not able to effect personal
service:

Requirements as to service

96.—(1) The creditor shall take all reasonable steps to bring the statutory
demand to the debtor’s attention.

(2) The creditor shall make reasonable attempts to effect personal service of
the statutory demand.

(3) Where the creditor is not able to effect personal service, the demand may
be served by such other means as would be most effective in bringing the
demand to the notice of the debtor.

(4) Substituted service under paragraph (3) may be effected in the following
manner:

(a) by posting the statutory demand at the door or some other conspicuous part
of the last known place of residence or business of the debtor or both;

(b) by forwarding the statutory demand to the debtor by prepaid registered
post to the last known place of residence, business or employment of the
debtor;

(c) where the creditor is unable to effect substituted service in accordance
with sub-paragraph (a) or (b) by reason that he has no knowledge of the last
known place of residence, business or employment of the debtor, by
advertisement of the statutory demand in one or more local newspapers, in
which case the time limited for compliance with the demand shall run from the
date of the publication of the advertisement; or

(d) such other mode which the court would have ordered in an application for
substituted service of an originating summons in the circumstances.

…

(6) A creditor shall not resort to substituted service of a statutory demand
on a debtor unless —

(a) the creditor has taken all such steps which would suffice to justify the
court making an order for substituted service of a bankruptcy application; and

(b) the mode of substituted service would have been such that the court would
have ordered in the circumstances.

…

11 Notwithstanding the modalities of service set out in r 96 of the BR, it is
settled law that parties can contractually agree on alternative modalities of
service (Rasmachayana at [10]–[31]). Accordingly, statutory demands may be
served by: (a) personal service; (b) substituted service; and (c)
contractually-agreed modalities of service.

Analytical framework

12 There is no question that the plaintiff was entitled to effect service in
the way that it did (see [3] and [11] above). There would therefore have been
valid service of the SD at, or at least shortly after, the time the SD was
mailed. The difficulty in the present case arises because the SD was
subsequently returned unclaimed (see [4] above). The central question that has
to be answered is whether the SD was validly served in such circumstances.
This depends on the answer to two subsidiary issues:

(a) first, whether, as a general principle, a statutory demand can be validly
served when it is returned unclaimed (the “General Issue”); and

(b) second, whether the parties’ agreement in this specific case covers a
situation where the statutory demand is returned unclaimed (the “Specific
Issue”).

13 If the General Issue is answered in the negative, that will be the end of
the matter. The conclusion that must follow is that the SD was not validly
served. However, if the General Issue is answered in the positive, it will
still be necessary to consider the Specific Issue. It is only if the Specific
Issue is similarly answered in the positive that the conclusion will follow
that the SD was validly served.

The General Issue

14 I first consider the General Issue. This is whether, as a general
principle, a statutory demand can be validly served when it is returned
unclaimed. It will be helpful to approach this from two perspectives: (a)
precedent; and (b) first principles.

The precedent perspective

15 Turning first to precedent, both Rasmachayana and OCBC, which were the
decisions relied on by Mr Choy, were decisions of High Court Judges. If the
present case cannot be distinguished, I would be bound by the ratio decidendi
of these decisions (Peter Low LLC v Higgins, Danial Patrick [2017] SGHCR 18 at
[31]). In my view, however, neither Rasmachayana nor OCBC provides a direct
answer to the General Issue.

16 In Rasmachayana, the High Court noted (at [21]) that the “crux of the
matter” in that case was whether parties could contractually agree on
alternative modalities of service. The High Court’s concern was, therefore,
with the modalities of service, and not with whether there was service at all.
Accordingly, while Rasmachayana settles the issue as to whether parties can
contractually agree on alternative modalities of service, it does not shed
light on the further issue as to what happens when such alternative modalities
of service fail. This latter issue did not arise in Rasmachayana: there was no
complaint that the debtors in that case did not have de facto notice of the
statutory demand and/or the bankruptcy petition (Rasmachayana at [32]).

17 This final point is also significant because it gives rise to a critical
difference between Rasmachayana, on the one hand, and the present case, on the
other. In Rasmachayana, the debtors were represented by counsel. This was the
case on appeal (ie, in Rasmachayana itself), as well as at first instance (The
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp Ltd v Rasmachayana Sulistyo alias Chang Whe
Ming [2004] SGHC 87). It must have therefore been the case that the debtors
became aware of the bankruptcy proceedings against them at some point or
another. In the present case, there is no evidence that the defendant is even
aware of B 359. In fact, the evidence points to the contrary. As I have noted
earlier, the application (which bore the hearing date of the first hearing on
14 March 2019) was mailed to the defendant in a similar manner as the SD (see
[5]) above). Mr Choy informed me, however, that it was similarly returned
unclaimed with the same remark. Mr Choy then informed the defendant of the
second hearing on 11 April 2019 by sending a notice of the adjournment
pursuant to r 122(3) of the BR. However, this was also returned unclaimed with
the same remark. In all likelihood, the defendant remains unaware of B 359
even up till now, and Mr Choy very fairly accepted as much.

18 As for OCBC, the defendant in that case (“M-Bhd”) had executed two deeds of
guarantee which provided, among other things, that service of process in any
legal action or proceedings in Singapore against M-Bhd shall be deemed to be
good service on M-Bhd if served on its subsidiary (“M-Singapore”), which was
named the process agent in Singapore for the purpose of receiving such process
on behalf of M-Bhd. The writ was served on M-Singapore. At the time the writ
was served, M-Singapore was under judicial management, and it was alleged that
the judicial managers did not forward or notify M-Bhd of the writ. Judgment in
default of appearance was entered against M-Bhd, and M-Bhd claimed that it
came to know of the writ and the default judgment only subsequently. M-Bhd
argued, among other things, that the service of the writ was irregular. The
High Court rejected this contention. The relevant clause in the deeds of
guarantee was cl 33(2), which is set out at [40] below. The High Court held
(at [14]) that:

… OCBC [ie, the plaintiff in that case] had complied with the requirements of
cl 33(2) in that the writ had been delivered to M-Singapore. Once delivery has
been effected, whether M-Singapore forwarded the writ to M-Bhd or not is not
the concern of OCBC. That is a matter between M-Bhd and M-Singapore.

19 In my view, OCBC is distinguishable from the present case in several
respects. First, OCBC concerned service of a writ. It did not involve a
bankruptcy application. This is significant because service of bankruptcy
processes is governed by an entirely different set of rules and procedures
(Rasmachayana at [5]–[6]). Second, M-Bhd ultimately came to know of the
proceedings against it, even if this was (on M-Bhd’s case) only after default
judgment had been entered. The present case stands in sharp contrast (see [17]
above). Third, one can perhaps understand the High Court’s reluctance to find
that service of the writ was irregular. M-Singapore was not only M-Bhd’s
subsidiary, but also the beneficiary of the banking facilities which M-Bhd had
guaranteed. Notwithstanding that the two were separate legal entities, one
cannot help but notice some artificiality in the argument that service on
M-Singapore was not sufficient. Fourth, M-Bhd had possible recourse against
M-Singapore. As the High Court noted (at [14]; see [18] above), whether
M-Singapore forwarded the writ to M-Bhd or not was “a matter between M-Bhd and
M-Singapore”. No such possible recourse exists in the present case.

20 In the premises, neither Rasmachayana nor OCBC provides a direct answer to
the General Issue. In addition, My Choy informed me that he had not managed to
find any other authority that was factually on point. Precedent, therefore, is
silent on the General Issue.

The first principles perspective

21 Precedent being silent on the General Issue, it becomes necessary to
consider the General Issue from first principles. In this regard, the High
Court in Rasmachayana held (at [20]) that:

The bankruptcy rules on service of process are mandatory in the sense that
there must be actual or deemed service of the various processes but only
directory in the sense that the indicated method of service has not been
exclusively prescribed. … [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

22 While the second part of the above passage deals with the issue of whether
parties can contractually agree on alternative modalities of service, the
first part is a statement of general principle. It cannot be seriously
disputed that there can be no actual service when a statutory demand is
returned unclaimed. If there is any valid service at all, such service must
necessarily be deemed service. However, I am of the view that there cannot be
deemed service of a statutory demand that is returned unclaimed.

23 First, it is linguistically and conceptually difficult to conclude that
there can be deemed service of a statutory demand that is returned unclaimed.
Linguistically, it is contradictory to say that there is deemed service (which
is a form of valid service) when there has been, as a matter of fact, no
service. Conceptually, deemed service covers, in my view, situations where the
Court does not know whether there has been actual service, but is prepared to
accept that there is valid service notwithstanding. One instance where the
Court would be prepared to do so is where service has been effected via a
contractually-agreed modality of service (see [11] above). At some risk of
oversimplification, the position can be summarised as follows:

Court’s knowledge as to actual service| Type of service  
---|---  
Court knows that there has been actual service| Actual service  
Court does not know whether there has been actual service, but is prepared to
accept that there is valid service notwithstanding| Deemed service  
Court does not know whether there has been actual service, and is not prepared
to accept that there is valid service| No service  
Court knows that there has been no actual service| No service  
  
24 I stress that this summary is simply an aid for the purposes of the present
analysis. Although it should apply in most circumstances, it is not intended
to be an exhaustive categorisation. But seen in this light, deemed service is
really just a proxy for actual service. It fills in evidential gaps relating
to actual service in certain situations. However, a proxy, by definition,
cannot be the diametrical opposite of the very thing it is a proxy for. Deemed
service (which is a form of valid service) cannot, conceptually, cover
situations where the Court knows that there has been no actual service.

25 Second, to conclude that there can be deemed service of a statutory demand
that is returned unclaimed would require the Court to shut its eyes to
reality. It cannot, in my judgment, be correct for the law to allow a legal
conclusion that is fundamentally at odds with factual reality.

26 Third, the service requirements in our bankruptcy regime are closely tied
to the notion of notice. In the case of statutory demands, r 108(3)(d) of the
BR provides as follows:

(3) Where the statutory demand has been served other than by personal service,
the affidavit shall —

…

(d) specify a date by which to the best of the knowledge, information and
belief of the person making the affidavit, the demand would have come to the
debtor’s attention.

[emphasis added]

27 In a similar vein, the High Court in Rasmachayana drew a link between
service and notice, holding (at [21]) that:

The essence of the service requirements under the [Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R
1, 2002 Rev Ed)] is to ensure that the statutory demand, bankruptcy petition
and other relevant processes are brought to the personal attention of the
debtor prior to the hearing of the petition. A bankruptcy order results in the
transformation of the legal status of the debtor and ought not to be made
unless the court is satisfied that the debtor had actual or deemed notice of
the proceedings. This is a quintessential aspect of due process and natural
justice. … [original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

28 The fact that the service requirements in our bankruptcy regime are closely
tied to the notion of notice is significant. If this is correct, then it
cannot be said that there is deemed service of a statutory demand if the
debtor has had no notice of the same (which would be the case where the
statutory demand is returned unclaimed).

29 Returning to r 108(3)(d) of the BR (see [26] above), this provision, in my
view, leaves no room for a situation where the statutory demand is returned
unclaimed. In such a situation, the person who makes the affidavit proving
service of the statutory demand is simply unable to specify the relevant date
because he knows that the statutory demand would not come to the debtor’s
attention. In fact, this is evident from Mr Choy’s Affidavit of Service of
Statutory Demand under Section 62 of the Bankruptcy Act. In this affidavit, Mr
Choy deposed as follows:

… I verily believe that the [SD] was served on the [d]efendant by 20 December
2018, that is, one working day after the [p]laintiff’s letter enclosing the
[SD] was mailed. [emphasis added] 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Affidavit of Service of Statutory Demand under Section 62 of the Bankruptcy
Act at para 8.

30 Presumably, this was meant to comply with r 108(3)(d) of the BR. However,
the choice of words is telling. Mr Choy could only say when he believed the SD
“was served”. He could not depose to when, to use the language of r 108(3)(d)
of the BR, the SD “would have come” to the defendant’s attention. The SD
having been returned unclaimed, Mr Choy knew for a fact that the SD would not
come to the defendant’s attention.

31 Fourth, and finally, the provisions governing the bankruptcy regime are
ultimately enacted to secure substantial justice (Rasmachayana at [28]). If
there can be deemed service of a statutory demand that is returned unclaimed,
then what would follow, if all the other requirements are satisfied, is the
making of a bankruptcy order. Although the consequences of a bankruptcy order
should not be overstated (Rasmachayana at [29]), the fact remains that a
bankruptcy order results in the transformation of the legal status of the
debtor (Rasmachayana at [21]; see [27] above). Given this consequence, it
would not be substantially just for the Court to make a bankruptcy order when
it knows that there has been no actual service of the statutory demand which
forms the basis of the bankruptcy application. This is especially so when the
debtor remains unaware of the bankruptcy application (which is, in all
likelihood, the case as regards the defendant (see [17] above)). For the Court
to proceed to make a bankruptcy order in such circumstances would, in my
assessment, result in precisely what the High Court in Rasmachayana cautioned
against (at [28]): substantial injustice.

32 For the above reasons, I am of the view that there cannot be deemed service
of a statutory demand that is returned unclaimed. First principles, therefore,
answer the General Issue in the negative.

Conclusion on the General Issue

33 Drawing the various threads together, precedent is silent on the General
Issue (see [20] above), but first principles answer it in the negative (see
[32] above). The net result is that the General Issue is answered in the
negative: as a general principle, a statutory demand cannot be validly served
when it is returned unclaimed. I make two further points at this juncture.

34 First, the above analysis does not impose on a creditor a requirement to
verify whether there has been actual service of the statutory demand on the
debtor. It is clear from [23] above that valid service does not require
knowledge of actual service. There can still be valid service in the form of
deemed service when the Court does not know whether there has been actual
service, but is prepared to accept that there is valid service
notwithstanding. The main point of the above analysis is that there cannot be
deemed (and, therefore, valid) service of a statutory demand when the Court
knows that there has been no actual service of the same.

35  Second, I accept that that the above analysis is not without its
difficulties. For instance, the High Court in Rasmachayana noted (at [23])
that it is a general principle of law that a person can renounce a right
introduced for his benefit, and that in the instance of procedure dealing with
the service of process the intended beneficiary is undeniably the debtor. At
the same time, the above analysis can be sidestepped so long as parties agree
to a mode of service that does not allow the creditor to know whether service
has been successful. Further, in a case such as the present, the state of
service would effectively change, somewhat artificially, from deemed service
to no service. Notwithstanding these difficulties, the line must be drawn at
some point. For the reasons set out at [23]–[31] above, I am satisfied that
the present case falls safely on the wrong side of the line.

The Specific Issue

36 As I have answered the General Issue in the negative (see [33] above), it
is not, strictly speaking, necessary for me to go on to consider the Specific
Issue (see [13] above). Nonetheless, I will proceed to briefly do so for
completeness. To recapitulate, the Specific Issue is whether the parties’
agreement in this specific case covers a situation where the statutory demand
is returned unclaimed.

37 The parties’ agreement in this specific case can be found in cl 10, which I
reproduce again for ease of reference:

10 … [The plaintiff] may effect service of any legal process on the
[defendant] by sending it by ordinary post from Singapore to, (i) [the
defendant’s] last known address (being a post office box, or a place of
residence or business, or otherwise) and/or, (ii) the address provided by the
[defendant] above. Such process or documents shall be deemed validly served on
the [defendant]. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Affidavit of Service of Statutory Demand under section 62 of the Bankruptcy
Act at para 4 and p 6.

38 What is evident is that cl 10 does not expressly state that the “process or
documents” shall be deemed validly served on the defendant whether or not the
“process or documents” are successfully delivered, or something to similar
effect. This contrasts the relevant clauses in both Rasmachayana and OCBC.

39 In Rasmachayana, the relevant clause read (see Rasmachayana at [8]):

The Borrower and each of the Personal Guarantors irrevocably appoint Forward
Investment Pte Ltd (now of 3rd Storey, Crown Prince Hotel, 270 Orchard Road,
Singapore 238857) to receive, for the Borrower or, as the case may be, [the]
Personal Guarantor and on its or his behalf, service of process in any
Proceedings in Singapore. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery
to the process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by the
Borrower or the relevant Personal Guarantor). [emphasis added]

40 Similarly, in OCBC, the relevant clause read (see OCBC at [14]):

We irrevocably appoint Measurex Engineering Pte Ltd at its address in
Singapore which at the date hereof is at 994 Bendemeer Road #05-03, Kallang
Basin Industrial Estate, Singapore 339943, Singapore (the ‘process agent’) to
receive, for us and on our behalf, service of process in any legal actions or
proceedings in Singapore. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery
to the process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by us)
and we hereby authorise and declare that such service in the manner aforesaid
shall be deemed to be good and effectual service of the writ or legal process
or judgment on us. If for any reason the process agent ceases to be able to
act as such or no longer has an address in Singapore, we irrevocably agree to
appoint a substitute process agent acceptable to you, and to deliver to you a
copy of the new process agent’s acceptance of that appointment, within 30
days. [emphasis added]

41 In my view, cl 10 does not go so far as to cover a situation where the
“process or documents” are returned unclaimed. In the usual course, items sent
by ordinary post are delivered. Thus, when the parties agreed in cl 10 for the
plaintiff to effect service on the defendant by sending by ordinary post, the
assumption must have been that the “process or documents” so sent by the
plaintiff would be delivered to the defendant. If the parties had intended for
cl 10 to also cover a case where delivery has not been successful (such as
when the “process or documents” are returned unclaimed), this would have been
expressly provided for.

42 I should also add (very briefly, as this point was not put to Mr Choy) that
even if I am wrong on the above, the most that can be said of cl 10 is that it
is ambiguous. In this case, the contra proferentem rule would operate so as to
resolve the ambiguity against the plaintiff.

43 Either way, the Specific Issue is answered in the negative: the parties’
agreement in this specific case does not cover a situation where the statutory
demand is returned unclaimed.

Conclusion

44 I have concluded that, as a general principle, a statutory demand cannot be
validly served when it is returned unclaimed (see [33] above). Returning to
the framework set out at [13] above, it follows that the SD was not validly
served. However, even if I am wrong on this point, the parties’ agreement in
this specific case does not cover a situation where the statutory demand is
returned unclaimed (see [43] above). Accordingly, the same conclusion would
result: the SD was not validly served.

45 Rule 127 of the BR prescribes the circumstances where the Court shall
dismiss a creditor’s bankruptcy application. These include: (a) where the
creditor is not entitled to make the bankruptcy application by virtue of s 60,
61 or 62 of the BA; and (b) where, in a case where the application is based on
a statutory demand, the creditor has not discharged the obligations imposed on
him by r 96 of the BR:

Dismissal of bankruptcy application

127\.  The court shall dismiss a creditor’s bankruptcy application where —

(a) the applicant creditor is not entitled to make the bankruptcy application
by virtue of section 60, 61 or 62 of the Act;

…

(c) in a case where the application is based on a statutory demand, the
applicant creditor has not discharged the obligations imposed on him by rule
96.

46 I deal first with r 127(c) of the BR. This provision refers to r 96 of the
BR, which deals with the requirements as to service of a statutory demand.
Rule 96 of the BR has been partly set out at [10] above, but it does not deal
with contractually-agreed modalities of service. While an argument can be made
that r 127(c) of the BR should nevertheless apply in the present case, it is
not necessary to go so far because r 127(a) of the BR clearly applies in any
event. Section 62(a) of the BA (which the plaintiff relies on (see [5] above))
only creates a rebuttable presumption in favour of s 61(1)(c) of the BA when,
among other things, the creditor has served on the debtor in the prescribed
manner, a statutory demand (see [9] above). Since the SD was not validly
served, no such presumption is triggered. Section 61(1)(c) of the BA is not
satisfied and the plaintiff is not entitled to make B 359.

47 In the circumstances, I dismiss B 359 pursuant to r 127(a) of the BR. It is
not necessary for me to consider if the other requirements of the BA and the
BR are satisfied. For the avoidance of doubt, my decision does not affect the
plaintiff’s right to take out a fresh bankruptcy application on the same debt,
if it manages to subsequently comply with the applicable requirements.

Jonathan Ng Pang Ern  
Assistant Registrar

Choy Wai Kit, Victor (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff;  
The defendant absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

