Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 220

Originating Summons 636 of 2019

Between

| Cheng Tim Jin  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Alvamar Capital Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Directors] — [De facto] — [Right to inspect accounts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Cheng Tim Jin

  

v

  

Alvamar Capital Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 220

High Court — Originating Summons 636 of 2019  
Vincent Hoong JC  
10 September 2019

19 September 2019

Vincent Hoong JC:

Introduction

1 By Originating Summons 636 of 2019, the plaintiff sought a declaration that
he is a de facto director 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Further Written Submissions p 5 at para 15.

of the defendant company for the purposes of s 4(1) of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The plaintiff also sought orders for him to
inspect the accounts of the company.

2 Having heard the parties’ submissions, I granted the plaintiff’s
application, and delivered an oral judgment detailing my reasons.

3 Given the novelty of the issue, I publish my grounds of decision herein.

Facts

4 The defendant is a company that was incorporated by the plaintiff on 9
September 2009. At the time of its incorporation, the plaintiff was the sole
director of the defendant, while his wife was the sole shareholder. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Cheng Tim Jin’s first affidavit dated 23 May 2019 (“CTJ1”) at para 2.

5 In February 2010, one Chan Kam Piew (“KP”) and Hidayat Charles (“Charles”)
took up shares in the defendant. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

CTJ1 at para 7.

Subsequently, Charles resigned as a director of the defendant, and transferred
his 20% shareholding in the defendant to KP and the plaintiff in equal shares.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CTJ1 at para 9.

6 In April 2012, the plaintiff arranged for all the shares in the defendant
that were held by his wife and himself to be held by KP, pursuant to a trust
deed dated 3 April 2012 (“the Trust Deed”). The result of the Trust Deed was
that KP held 50% of the defendant’s shares absolutely, while he held the
remaining 50% of the shares on trust for the plaintiff. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

CTJ1 at para 10 and Tab 2, pp 23–28; Chan Kam Piew’s affidavit (“CKP”) at para
11.

7 Following the execution of the Trust Deed, on 13 April 2012, the plaintiff
resigned as a director of the defendant. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

CKP at p 36.

8 The plaintiff did not want to be a registered shareholder and director of
the defendant because he “wanted to avoid the possible risk of transactions
between the [d]efendant and the companies under [his] control being regarded
as related party transactions under the [Act], which may then require certain
disclosure or approvals.” 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

CTJ1 at para 11.

9 After his formal resignation as the director of the defendant, on 8 December
2012, the plaintiff was appointed as the “Marketing Director” of the
defendant. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

CKP at p 40.

He continued to play an active role in the financial and operational matters
of the defendant 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CTJ1 at para 16.

until about August 2018, when he was allegedly shut out of the defendant’s
affairs by KP, who remained the only formally appointed director of the
defendant. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Cheng Tim Jin’s second affidavit dated 7 August 2019 (“CTJ2”) at para 19.

10 On this backdrop, the plaintiff sought a declaration that he is a de facto
director of the company. Flowing from such directorship, the plaintiff also
sought access to the defendant’s accounts so that he could investigate into
suspected wrongdoings or mismanagement by KP. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

CTJ2 at paras 16–17.

The issues

11 I dealt with the issues in the following order:

(a) First, is the plaintiff a de facto director?

(b) Second, if the plaintiff is a de facto director, does this give him the
right to inspect the company’s accounts?

(c) Third, even if the plaintiff is a de facto director and such directorship
gives him the right to inspect the company’s accounts, does any consideration
operate to deny him such right of inspection?

12 Before dealing with each issue, however, a preliminary matter that was
disposed of related to the appointment of the plaintiff as a de jure director
of the defendant. In this regard, KP stated in his affidavit that he “would
not object to the [p]laintiff being formally appointed a director” 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

CKP at para 29.

of the defendant, and he had in fact taken steps in early 2018 to formally
appoint the plaintiff as such. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CKP at para 31 and p 77.

However, the plaintiff declined to be formally appointed, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

CKP at para 31 and p 76.

allegedly because he suspected that doing so would allow KP to resign as a
director. Given that the defendant no longer has any employees, KP’s
resignation as the only formal director of the defendant could leave the
plaintiff unable to investigate into the financial affairs of the company. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

CTJ2 at para 19.

13 During the hearing, I asked the defendant’s counsel, Mr Fong Wei Li (“Mr
Fong”), if KP would be willing to give an undertaking that he would not resign
as a director were the plaintiff to be formally appointed as a director of the
company. In my view, such an approach would have been the most obvious mode of
resolving the matters at hand, as the plaintiff could be a de jure director
with the concomitant right to inspect the company’s accounts pursuant to s 199
of the Act while KP would stay on as a director to assist in any such
inspection. However, Mr Fong explained that he did not have any instructions
from KP as to whether the latter was willing to give such an undertaking but,
in any event, it was also KP’s prerogative to resign as a director if he so
wished. In the circumstances, I proceeded to consider the merits of the
plaintiff’s application to be declared a de facto director, and to be granted
the right to inspect the defendant’s accounts.

Plaintiff is a de facto director

14 Turning to the issue of whether the plaintiff is a de facto director of the
defendant, I was cognisant of the following principles expressed in Gemma Ltd
v Davies [2008] BCC 812, which were endorsed in Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v
Lim Eng Hock Peter and others (Tung Yu-Lien Margaret and others, third
parties) [2010] SGHC 163 (“Raffles Town Club”) at [58]:

… [R]ather than an iron-clad test, in inquiring whether there had been de
facto directorship … [the following propositions may be derived from the
cases:] …

(1) To establish that a person was a de facto director of a company, it is
necessary to plead and prove that he undertook functions in relation to the
company which could properly be discharged only by a director (per Millett J.
in Re Hydrodam (Corby) Ltd (in liq.) [1994] BCC 161 at 163).

(2) It is not a necessary characteristic of a de facto director that he is
held out as a director; such “holding out” may, however, be important evidence
in support of the conclusion that a person acted as a director in fact (per
Etherton J. in Secretary of State for Trade and Industry v Hollier [2006] EWHC
1804 (Ch); [2007] BCC 11 at [66]).

(3) Holding out is not a sufficient condition either. What matters is not what
he called himself but what he did (per Lewison J. in Re Mea Corp Ltd [2006]
EWHC 1846 (Ch); [2007] BCC 288).

(4) It is necessary for the person alleged to be a de facto director to have
participated in directing the affairs of the company (Hollier (above) at [68])
on an equal footing with the other director(s) and not in a subordinate role
(above at [68] and [69] explaining dicta of Timothy Lloyd Q.C. in Re
Richborough Furniture Ltd [1996] BCC 155 at 169–170).

(5) The person in question must be shown to have assumed the status and
functions of a company director and to have exercised “real influence” in the
corporate governance of the company (per Robert Walker L.J. in Re Kaytech
International Plc [1999] BCC 390 [“Kaytech”]).

(6) If it is unclear whether the acts of the person in question are referable
to an assumed directorship or to some other capacity, the person in question
is entitled to the benefit of the doubt (per Timothy Lloyd Q.C. in Re
Richborough Furniture Ltd (above)), but the court must be careful not to
strain the facts in deference to this observation (per Robert Walker L.J. in
Kaytech at 401).

[emphasis added in bold]

15 Reviewing the evidence, I found that the plaintiff is a de facto director
of the defendant for several reasons.

16 As a starting point, the plaintiff was held out as a “Marketing Director”
of the defendant. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

CKP at p 40; CTJ1 at p 62

While this is not sufficient in and of itself, this was at least probative of
the fact that he was the de facto director of the defendant.

17 More importantly, the plaintiff clearly exercised real influence in the
defendant, and participated in the management of the affairs of the company on
an equal footing with KP, the defendant’s only formally-appointed director.

18 In this regard, even after his resignation as a de jure director of the
defendant in April 2012, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

CKP at p 36.

the plaintiff continued to participate as a director in almost all aspects of
the company, be it with respect to the company’s finances, banking, human
resource, or even in business dealings (which was client facing). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

CTJ1 at para 16; pp 70–98.

19 That the plaintiff acted as a co-equal to KP was confirmed by Vina Misra
d/o Rama Kantmisra (“Vina”), whose evidence was not directly contradicted by
the de jure director, KP. Vina was employed as the Business Analyst of the
defendant from 9 July 2012 to 29 July 2016, and she gave evidence that both KP
and the plaintiff were involved in hiring her, and that decisions were jointly
made by the plaintiff and KP. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Vina Misra D/O Rama Kantmisra’s affidavit dated 1 August 2019 at paras 1, 3
and 7.

In fact, emails tendered by the plaintiff confirmed that Vina had sought the
approval of both the plaintiff and KP for business decisions. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

CTJ1 at pp 74.

20 Thuy Le, another employee of the defendant, also gave financial updates
relating to the defendant to both the plaintiff and KP, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

CTJ1 at pp 78, 79.

further corroborating the fact that the plaintiff was actively involved in the
financial management of the company.

21 Secondly, the plaintiff had access to and could produce the company’s
unaudited accounts from 2010 to 2018. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

CTJ2 at Tab 3, pp 24–64.

Such accounts would not ordinarily be available to members of the company, as
s 203 of the Act only entitles members to the audited financial statements of
a company. In fact, while Mr Fong suggested that the plaintiff would have
access to the company’s accounts by virtue of his indirect shareholding in the
defendant (through KP), clause 106 of the defendant’s articles of association
stipulates that “no member (not being a director) shall have any right of
inspecting any account … except as conferred by statute or authorised by the
directors or by the company in general meeting”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

CKP at p 65.

There was no evidence that separate approval had been sought from KP (the de
jure director) or at a general meeting of members for the plaintiff to obtain
the unaudited accounts. This supported the plaintiff’s case that he had always
had access to the defendant’s accounts, until he was shut out by KP sometime
in August 2018. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

CTJ2 at para 19.

In my view, the fact that the plaintiff was able to produce the company’s
unaudited accounts since 2010 showed that he had always been actively involved
in the financial management of the defendant in his capacity as a de facto
director.

22 Thirdly, and crucially, KP had absolutely no issue with formally appointing
the plaintiff as a director when the plaintiff so requested, and he in fact
took steps to get the company secretary to formally appoint the plaintiff as
such. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

CKP at pp 70 and 77.

The formal appointment did not however go through as the plaintiff later
retracted his request to be a director of the company. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

CKP at p 76.

Be that as it may, KP’s readiness to formally appoint the plaintiff as a
director strongly suggested that the plaintiff had all along been acting as a
de facto director of the defendant, such that any formal appointment would not
disrupt the status quo.

23 In totality, I was satisfied on the evidence that the plaintiff is a de
facto director of the company. In this regard, I did not accept the
defendant’s argument that the court has no power to make the declaration that
the plaintiff is a de facto director. As Mr Fong conceded, the courts have
traditionally declared persons to be de facto directors, although such
declarations have often been for the imposition of directorial duties. It
would therefore be incongruent if the court were to be denied its powers to
make a declaration that a person is a de facto director of a company simply
because the putative director seeks to exert rights of directorship. No
reasons were proffered to explain why a distinction ought to be made in such
cases.

Power of de facto directors to inspect a company’s accounts

24 In fact, in Wuu Khek Chiang George v ECRC Land Pte Ltd [1999] 2 SLR(R) 352
(“George Wuu”), the Court of Appeal recognised that “a director has the right
of inspection of any documents such as the accounting and other records of the
company and such right is a concomitant of the fiduciary duties of good faith,
care, skill and diligence which the director owes to the company. … The
language of [s 199 of the Act] clearly shows the obligation of the company to
allow inspection by its director as mandatory” [emphasis added] (George Wuu at
[25]).

25 Hence, the “right of a director to inspect the books and records of the
company flows from his office as a director and enables him to perform his
duties as a director”. This is because “unless a director has access to these
sources of information, he would be severely inhibited in the proper
performance of his duties”: George Wuu at [33]; see also Mukherjee Amitava v
DyStar Global Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others [2018] 2 SLR 1054
(“Mukherjee (CA)”) at [25].

26 The “director” contemplated under s 199 of the Act extends to de facto
directors, although the burden is on the de facto director to show that he is
one. As Vinodh Coomaraswamy J explained in Murkherjee Amitava v DyStar Global
Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others [2018] 5 SLR 256 at [22]–[23], under
the statutory scheme of s 199(3) of the Act, three elements must be satisfied
before a director’s right to inspect the company’s records arises:

… (a) The person who wishes to inspect the company’s records must be a
director of the company.

(b) The documents which the director wishes to inspect must be the company’s
“accounting and other records” within the meaning of s 199(1) or a subset of
those records.

(c) The director must seek inspection for a proper purpose.

23 The burden of proving the first element above [ie, that he is a director] …
must rest on the putative director. … In almost all cases, that burden will be
discharged so easily that this element will not even be disputed. Whether or
not the party seeking inspection is a director of the company is a matter of
record, unless he relies on the extended definition of ‘director’ in s 4(1) of
the Act. If that is the case, issues of fact may arise on this element. The
burden of proof on those issues of fact should rightly rest on the putative
director.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

27 The “extended definition of ‘director’ in s 4(1) of the Act” encompasses a
de facto director. In Raffles Town Club, Chan Seng Onn J held at [54] that
“our s 4(1) [of the Act] which speaks of a person ‘occupying the position of
director of a corporation by whatever name’ alludes to a de facto director”.

28 Hence, as I found on the evidence that the plaintiff is a de facto director
of the defendant, it followed from the authorities above that he has the right
to inspect the accounting records of the company.

The right to inspect was not being utilised for purposes unconnected to his
duties as a director

29 Nonetheless, the right of a director to inspect a company’s accounts is not
an unfettered one. The Court of Appeal in Mukherjee (CA) highlighted at [25]
that

… [A] director has an almost-presumptive right to inspect the documents of the
company to the extent these fall within the ambit of s 199 of the Act. To
exercise this right, the director would not have to demonstrate any particular
ground for inspection. Instead, the burden is on the company, if it resists
the application to inspect, to show that such access should not be permitted
because there is some abuse of process or privilege that underlies the
request, such as when the director intends to use the right to inspect for
purposes that are largely unconnected to the discharge of the director’s
duties … [emphasis in original]

30 Mr Fong confirmed that it was not alleged that if the plaintiff were
granted access to the company’s financial documents, there was a risk that he
might abuse such right of access. In any event, the plaintiff stated on
affidavit that he was seeking access to the defendant’s accounts to
investigate suspected wrongdoings or mismanagement by KP. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

CTJ2 at paras 16 and 17.

No evidence was tendered to contradict this.

31 Therefore, I was satisfied that the access to the accounts of the defendant
would not be misused by the plaintiff.

Conclusion

32 In the circumstances, I granted the following orders:

(a) a declaration that the plaintiff is a director of the defendant for the
purposes of s 4(1) of the Act;

(b) an order that the defendant make available for inspection by the plaintiff
and/or a public accountant acting for the plaintiff all accounting and other
records, including those in electronic form, as will sufficiently explain the
transactions and financial position of the defendant; and

(c) an order that the plaintiff and/or a public accountant acting for the
plaintiff be permitted to make copies of or take extracts from the records to
be made available for inspection.

33 I also ordered costs of $7,000 (inclusive of disbursements) to be paid by
the defendant to the plaintiff.

Vincent Hoong  
Judicial Commissioner

Goh Kim Thong Andrew and Tan Hui Jin (Andrew Goh Chambers) for the plaintiff;  
Fong Wei Li (Kuang Weili) and Leong Wen Jia, Nicholas (DC Law LLC) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

