Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 82

Suit No 942 of 2013 and 1123 of 2014

Between

(1)| Koh Kim Teck  
---|---  
(2)| Smiling Sun Limited  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Duty of Care]

[Banking] — [Credit and Security]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Koh Kim Teck and another

  

v

  

Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch

[2018] SGHC 82

High Court — Suit Nos 942 of 2013 and 1123 of 2014  
Aedit Abdullah J  
29–31 August; 1, 4–8, 11, 12, 18 September; 23, 30, 31 October 2017; 20, 22
March; 9–12, 16, 17 April; 4 May; 8 June; 4 July; 7 August 2018

25 March 2019

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs sued the defendant bank, Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch
(the “Bank”), for losses stemming from the poor performance of financial
products purchased from the Bank in the financial crisis of 2007 to 2008. At
the height of the crisis, the plaintiffs’ bank account (“the account”) was
closed out and the assets in the account were liquidated. The plaintiffs
suffered losses of about US$26m.

2 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I dismissed the plaintiffs’
claims, finding that the Bank owed no duty of care in contract or tort to
advise the plaintiffs on investment matters or in respect of the closing out
of the plaintiffs’ account. The plaintiffs have since appealed.

Background facts

3 The first plaintiff, Mr Koh Kim Teck (“Mr Koh”), currently resides in
Singapore. Prior to his relocation, Mr Koh had a successful career, first, as
a stock dealer and, later, as a manager at various financial institutions in
Malaysia. Upon his retirement at 50, Mr Koh was the senior general manager and
a shareholder of a stockbroking company that was previously listed in
Malaysia. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit-Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Koh, pp 4–7.

The second plaintiff, Smiling Sun Limited (“Smiling Sun”), is a company
registered in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”). It was set up to facilitate
Mr Koh’s investment activities with the Bank. In these grounds of decision, no
distinction is drawn between Mr Koh and Smiling Sun except where necessary and
the term “plaintiffs” will be used occasionally to describe Mr Koh and Smiling
Sun collectively.

4 The circumstances surrounding the opening of the plaintiffs’ account with
the Bank and the assurances given to entice Mr Koh to invest with the Bank
were matters of some dispute. Regardless, it was accepted that Mr Koh became a
client of the Bank sometime in 2003. In September 2003, Smiling Sun was
incorporated, with its shares held by the Bank’s nominee shareholder on trust
for Mr Koh. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AEIC of Koh, pp 15–17.

A nominee and/or agent of the Bank was also pointed as a corporate director of
Smiling Sun. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Amended Statement of Claim No 3, para 14.

Mr Koh was and remains the sole beneficial owner of Smiling Sun. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Lead Counsel Opening Statement, Common Ground between Parties

On or around the time Smiling Sun was incorporated, the account was also
opened under Smiling Sun’s name. This was the account Mr Koh would eventually
carry out his investment activities from. The account was a non-discretionary
account. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Lead Counsel Opening Statement, Common Ground between Parties.

5 To Mr Koh’s recollection, there was little investment activity in the early
years of the account. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AEIC of Koh, para 69.

However, from 2006, Mr Koh began to trade more heavily through the account.
Over the course of 2007 and 2008, Mr Koh purchased structured products known
as knock-out discount accumulators (“KODAs”) and dual currency investments
(“DCIs”) from the Bank. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Lead Counsel Opening Statement, Common Ground between Parties.

Knock-out discount accumulators

6 A KODA is an over-the-counter structured derivative product that is
typically used by investors to accumulate shares at a discounted price in
hopes of selling the accumulated shares at a higher market price at a future
date. Under a KODA, the investor purchases a pre-determined number of shares
(“underlying shares”) during the term of the KODA, typically between 6 to 12
months. The purchase price of the shares (“strike price”) is fixed at a
discount and therefore below the market price of these shares at the time the
customer enters into the KODA. The investor agrees to purchase a pre-
determined number of shares on each business day at the strike price during
the term of the KODA. The investor is therefore obliged to pay for and take
delivery of these purchased shares on a regular basis. The termination of the
KODA depends on the “knock-out price”, which is a pre-determined price agreed
on by the investor: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AEIC of Conrad Huber (“Huber”), paras 44–47.

(a) If the market price of the underlying shares rises above the knock-out
price, the KODA will be effectively terminated. The investor will have to pay
for and take delivery of any shares that were purchased before termination at
the strike price.

(b) If the market price of the underlying shares remains below the knock-out
price, the investor is obligated to purchase the pre-determined number of
shares at the strike price for the duration of the term of the KODA, even if
the market price of the underlying shares falls below the strike price.

7 In short, a KODA enables an investor to purchase the underlying shares at a
significant discount to the market price. But if the market price of the
underlying shares falls under the strike price for an extended period during
the term of the KODA, the investor’s loss will be the difference between the
market price of the shares and the strike price at which the investor has to
buy the shares under the KODA. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AEIC of Huber, paras 49–53.

8 A variation obliges the investor to purchase double (or another multiple)
the number of shares at the strike price for each day on which the market
price of the underlying shares falls below the strike price. Such KODAs have
lower strike prices, thus giving a greater discount on the purchase of the
underlying shares. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AEIC of Huber, para 48.

Mr Koh referred to these KODAs as having a “multiplying effect”.

9 Between 8 October 2007 and 29 August 2008, Mr Koh purchased 29 KODAs through
the account. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Leading Counsel Statement, Common Ground between Parties.

Mr Koh claims that the Bank did not properly advise him on the effect of the
KODAs on the account and failed to adequately bring to his attention key
information about the KODAs, such as the penalty to be paid for premature
termination of the KODAs and the multiplying effect of certain KODAs.

Dual currency investments

10 DCIs are short-term structured investment products under which an investor
deposits a principal sum in a selected investment currency with the bank for a
fixed tenure or term. An alternative currency and a pre-determined conversion
rate between the investment currency and alternative currency are agreed on at
the outset. The principal sum will be repaid with the yield at maturity. The
bank has the option of repaying the principal and yield either in the original
investment currency or in the alternative currency after conversion at the
pre-determined conversion rate. This decision depends on the market foreign
exchange rate on the day of the trade and the pre-determined conversion rate:
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AEIC of Hubert, paras 80–81; AEIC of Elan Cohen, p 38–40.

(a) If the investment currency against the alternative currency is weaker than
the pre-determined conversion rate at maturity, the principal will be redeemed
in the investment currency.

(b) If the investment currency against the alternative currency is stronger
than the pre-determined conversion rate at maturity, the repayment is in the
alternative currency, converted at the pre-determined conversion rate.

11 A loss may result if the investment currency is repaid in the alternative
currency. The investor thus bears the currency risks and the speculative risks
in fixing the pre-determined conversion rate. DCIs are not principal protected
and are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. The DCIs purchased by
Mr Koh generally involved Australian dollar (“AUD”) and Japanese Yen (“JPY”)
pairings.

12 Between 21 February 2008 and 23 October 2008, Mr Koh purchased 891 DCIs
through the account. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Lead Counsel’s Statement, Common Ground between Parties.

Mr Koh stated that he did not know that DCIs involved significant risk and
that the risks that eventuated would affect the account. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AEIC of Koh, pp 58–61.

The collateral shortfall and close out of the account

13 Having procured a credit facility for the account in 2006, the investments
made through the account were funded primarily, if not entirely, by credit. In
return for the credit facility, Smiling Sun had to maintain sufficient
collateral in the account. The credit limit of the facility was increased at
various points; the collateral requirements were also correspondingly
increased. As it transpired, the investments in structured products, the
portfolio of the account and drawdowns on the credit facility led to
substantial credit exposure.

14 Sometime around September to October 2008, the collapse of Lehman Brothers
sparked off a global financial crisis by which stock markets worldwide were
hit. One of the several ramifications of the crisis was that the AUD rapidly
depreciated against the JPY. The sudden and significant depreciation of the
AUD against the JPY resulted in Mr Koh sustaining substantial losses as his
investments were heavily concentrated in the AUD, while the loans were
substantially in the JPY. The corresponding decrease in collateral values
resulted in a substantial collateral shortfall in the account.

15 On 24 October 2008 at about 10am, Mr Koh received a close out notice from
the Bank informing him that he had until 2pm to provide a top-up of US$5.7m.
Mr Koh claimed that this close out notice gave an unreasonably short length of
time for him to furnish additional collateral and that he would have been able
to do so had he been given a reasonable amount of time. Further, the entire
close out fiasco might have been avoided if he had known that the account was
in a collateral shortfall earlier. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AEIC of Koh, paras 254–256.

16 Suffice it to say that Mr Koh did not provide the top-up. The Bank
proceeded to close out all of the account’s open investment positions,
including the KODAs and DCIs that were then in place, and liquidated all the
assets in the account.

17 It was also not really disputed that the KODAs and DCIs and the drawdowns
on the credit facility contributed to the collateral shortfall in the account.
This shortfall, in turn, led to the eventual close out of the account and the
losses that are now the subject of the present action. The ultimate question
that falls to be decided is whose responsibility it is to bear the losses
arising from the close out.

18 As a result of the close out, Mr Koh suffered losses of US$26m. Mr Koh
sought to reclaim his losses by pursuing actions against the Bank for breaches
of the Bank’s duties of care in contract and tort, claiming that the Bank
failed in its duties by advising him to invest in products that were
unsuitable for his purposes and by mismanaging his account. The Bank’s
response was that that it owed Mr Koh no duty of care; furthermore, Mr Koh was
not a risk-adverse and naive investor. The Bank contended that he had been
fully apprised of the risks involved, and had made his own investment
decisions that resulted in his losses.

The plaintiffs’ case

19 Mr Koh claimed in both contract and tort. In his closing submissions,
emphasis was placed on the claim in tort as opposed to contract.

20 In essence, Mr Koh’s case was that the Bank owed him a duty of care,
whether in contract or tort, to take reasonable care when giving advice and
provide information that met with his investment objective of wealth
preservation; in particular, to provide advice on products that suited his
purposes. Further, the Bank also owed him a duty of care to advise him in
respect of the account; in particular, to carry out periodic reviews of the
account, to monitor and manage the investments in the account, and to monitor
and inform him of the credit exposure of the account and ensure that the
credit limit was not breached. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Amended Statement of Claim No 3, paras 89 and 101.

The Bank, however, fell short of its duties in: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Amended Statement of Claim No 3, paras 104, 109, 111, 114 and 119–120.

(a) advising him to enter into investments (ie, KODAs and DCIs) which
conflicted with his investment objectives;

(b) failing to provide him with sufficient information to enable him to make
informed investment decisions in respect of the KODAs and DCIs;

(c) improperly managing the account and failing to limit the account’s risk
exposure; and

(d) failing to provide proper advice on the account.

21 In addition to the duties asserted above, Mr Koh submitted that implied in
the contractual relationship between the parties was a term providing that a
reasonable period would be given to furnish additional collateral. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Amended Statement of Claim No 3, paras 89 and 103.

The defendant’s case

22 The central thrust of the Bank’s case was that Mr Koh was not the naive
investor he painted himself out to be. He had sought riskier investments with
the hopes of achieving higher yields and had chosen to engage in leveraged
trading. The decision to purchase KODAs and DCIs was part of his investment
strategy to capitalise on the falling market in the 2008 financial downturn.
In the end, Mr Koh had only his own folly to blame. The Bank never undertook
advisory or wealth management obligations vis-à-vis Mr Koh and had properly
provided the necessary information for him to make an informed decision on the
purchase of KODAs and DCIs. In this connection, the Bank contended that it
owed Mr Koh no duty of care, whether in contract or tort; not least because
the account was a non-discretionary account and the contractual terms
governing the relationship between the Bank and Smiling Sun and/or Mr Koh
excluded any advisory duty. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DCS, paras 104–105.

But even if it owed Mr Koh a duty of care, the Bank contended that it did not
breach its duty to him. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DCS, para 177.

Further, there was no room to imply a term to the effect of the Bank having to
provide a reasonable period for the provision of additional collateral where
there was a shortfall into the contractual relationship between the parties.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DCS, para 275.

23 Apart from its main case, the Bank also submitted that Mr Koh had no
standing to bring the action as the account was established in the name of
Smiling Sun. The only relevant relationship in respect of the account was that
between the Bank and Smiling Sun. Mr Koh was not a proper party to the
recovery of losses suffered by the Smiling Sun. Indeed, the rule against
reflective loss precluded Mr Koh, as Smiling Sun’s shareholder, from bringing
a claim against the Bank. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DCS, paras 316–322.

24 Finally, Mr Koh’s claims were time-barred. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DCS, para 329.

The decision

25 I found that the Bank did not owe any obligation to advise or manage the
account, and thus owed no duty of care, whether in contract or tort. Even if
the Bank did owe Mr Koh such responsibilities, the Bank would not have been in
breach of them.

26 Whether the Bank owed Mr Koh a duty of care depends on the responsibilities
it assumed in its dealings with Mr Koh. The starting point of this inquiry
would be the contractual relationship between the parties. If the conclusion
in respect of the contractual claim was that the Bank undertook no obligation
to advise and manage the account, Mr Koh would face an uphill battle in
respect of his claim in tort. Further, unless it could be shown that the Bank
had acted in a manner which deviated from its contractually defined role,
there would be little basis to find that there was a duty of care owed by the
Bank to Mr Koh at common law (see Deustche Bank AG v Chang Tse Wen and another
appeal [2013] 4 SLR 886 (“Chang Tse Wen”) at [51]). Hence, the contractual
claim will be considered first and then that in tort. It is essential to
distinguish between claims in contract and tort even when these overlap on the
facts, as rules relating to various aspects such as remoteness and the measure
of damages will differ.

27 Mr Koh, in his submissions, divided the duty of care into several sub-
duties:

(a) a duty of care to advise;

(b) a duty to ensure that the risks of the KODAs and DCIs were explained to
the client;

(c) a duty to monitor the account; and

(d) a duty to provide a reasonable period for the provision of additional
collateral top-up.

For clarity, some of these “sub-duties” merely described the responsibilities
the Bank was said to have undertaken and do not give rise to distinct “duties”
of care. The ultimate inquiry is whether the Bank owed a duty of care to Mr
Koh. These responsibilities go towards the scope of such duty or the question
of breach (see also Go Dante Yap v Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG [2011] 4 SLR
559 (“Go Dante Yap”) at [18]–[19]).

28 There were many allegations made in the course of the proceedings and Mr
Koh’s case did evolve to some extent. I have not found it necessary to address
all of the allegations made. My decision was based on what was necessary to
resolve the dispute between the parties and hence these grounds of decision
will not discuss matters which were tangential. Furthermore, many of the
contentions overlapped. The arguments are addressed holistically (in groups)
rather than separately. In the end, many of the plaintiffs’ allegations, when
weighed against objective documentary evidence, fell away.

Contractual claim

29 Mr Koh sought to impose a list of obligations on the Bank in relation to
the management of the account (ie, the recommendation of suitable investments,
periodic review of the account, monitoring of the credit limit of the account,
etc). Whether or not a contractual obligation existed depended entirely on the
express or implied terms of the agreement between the parties. The contractual
documents did not impose any such obligations.

No advisory or management relationship

30 The contractual arrangement between the parties did not point to any
advisory or management relationship. In the account opening documents as well
as the incorporation documents, Mr Koh specifically accepted that he was the
one responsible for managing the account. In contrast, the Bank disclaimed any
advisory or management duties. This was made clear in the Limited Power of
Attorney for Asset Manager, which was signed by Mr Koh, as witnessed by the
Bank: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AB 1, p 202.

The Attorney [Mr Koh] is an asset manager and investment advisor of the
Principal(s) [Smiling Sun] independent from the Bank, and in this capacity, is
not an agent of the Bank. …

The Attorney’s [Mr Koh’s] signature and any of his/her declarations, actions
and measures empowered within the limits of this power of attorney (including
supplements hereto) are binding on the Principal(s). The obligations of the
Bank are discharged insofar as it executes an instruction of the Attorney
which is covered by the authority set out in this power of attorney … As a
result of granting this power of attorney to the Attorney [Mr Koh], the Bank
is released from any duty to advise, explain or admonish in respect of the
management of assets by the Attorney [Mr Koh] or in respect of individual
investment management actions or their omission or any dealing for the
Account. The Bank bears no responsibility for the investment decisions of the
Attorney [Mr Koh].

[emphasis in original]

Under the Limited Power of Attorney for Asset Manager, Mr Koh specifically
accepted that he was responsible for the investments decisions and
transactions of Smiling Sun, and that the Bank bore no responsibility for Mr
Koh’s investment decisions. The obligations of the Bank were discharged in so
far as it executed Mr Koh’s instructions and the Bank had no duty to advise,
explain or admonish in respect of the management of assets by Mr Koh or in
respect of individual investment management actions or their omission or any
dealings for the account.

31 Apart from the Limited Power of Attorney for Asset Manager, it is
undisputed that the Account Opening Conditions show that the account was
opened as a non-discretionary account. Clause 13.1 of the Account Opening
Conditions clearly states that where the customer has agreed to the Bank
managing the customer’s assets on a non-discretionary basis, the customer
agrees that such assets shall be managed by the Bank only in accordance with
the customer’s specific instructions. Notably, Mr Koh during cross-examination
accepted that it was he who made the investment decisions in relation to the
account: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript 29 August 2017, p 76–77.

Q: Mr Koh, you are saying that [the Bank] had to do the due diligence and make
the recommendations but you would be the one who decides whether to buy or
sell. Correct?

A: Correct.

32 There was also no investment advisory agreement signed between Mr Koh and
the Bank. It is important to note that here, the Bank was selling its own
financial products to a client. Unless specific advisory services were
offered, there is no expectation for a seller to undertake to provide advice
to the buyer. The seller may solicit a purchase by upselling or even by
providing an opinion, but that should not be construed as advice intended to
be relied upon by a client to structure a portfolio of investments.

33 On the stand, Mr Koh testified that while he had knowingly opened a non-
discretionary account, he was merely acting on the Bank’s suggestion (through
a relationship manager) to open such an account as he was told that doing so
would suit his purposes. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript 29 August 2017, p 74–78.

This explanation could not be accepted as true: Mr Koh is an experienced
stockbroker who has had years of dealings with banks. Further, this was not
the first time Mr Koh had opened an account as a client of a private bank. At
the material time, Mr Koh had two other offshore accounts with other private
banks.

34 Mr Koh also insisted that he did not read the relevant account opening
documents. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript 29 August 2017, p 69–70.

This could not assist Mr Koh. As the Court of Appeal in Chang Tse Wen said (at
[39]):

[I]t was ultimately irrelevant whether he had in fact read the account opening
documents since there was no suggestion that he did not have ample opportunity
to do so, or that he would not have been able to understand their drift and
tenor or to clarify any doubts

35 Nothing in the contractual arrangement between parties hinted at the Bank
undertaking the responsibility of advising Mr Koh and managing the account. It
was sufficient for me, on this basis, to dispose of Mr Koh’s contractual claim
as regards the contractual duty to advise. All that remained was whether,
given my findings on the contractual arrangement of the parties, a duty of
care nonetheless arose at common law. But before I turn to address the common
law duty, there is one other aspect of Mr Koh’s contractual claim.

No implied term for the Bank to provide reasonable period to furnish
additional collateral

36 Mr Koh submitted that there should be an implied term in the contractual
arrangement of the parties stipulating that a reasonable period for the
provision of additional collateral be given in the event of a shortfall. In my
judgment, there was no basis for such a term to be implied in the contractual
relationship of the parties.

37 The court’s approach towards the implication of terms in fact follows a
three-step process outlined in Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd
[2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp”) at [101]:

(a) The first step is to ascertain whether there is a gap in the contract and
if so, how it arose. Implication will be considered only if the court discerns
that the gap arose because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) The court then considers whether it is necessary and not just reasonable,
in the business or commercial sense, to imply a term in order to give the
contract efficacy (“the business efficacy test”).

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one to which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy,
would have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them
at the time of formation of the contract (“the officious bystander test”).

No term can be implied that contradicts the express terms; such a term would
fail the officious bystander test (Sembcorp at [98]-–[100]). It follows that
it would be highly unlikely for the court to discern a gap in the contract if
the term sought to be implied is contrary to the tenor of the express terms of
the contract.

38 The relevant contractual document to examine was the credit facility
application form (which was countersigned by Mr Koh) (“the form”) which
governed the collateral requirements of the account. Under cl 8 of the form,
the Bank reserved the right to determine the length of time to be given where
a collateral top-up was sought: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AB 1, p 749.

8\. Collateral Security: … the Bank may (at its sole and absolute discretion
and without any obligation whatsoever to do so) notify the Borrower [Mr Koh]
(whether orally or in writing) of such determination, whereupon the Borrow
shall within the period of time specified by the Bank in its notification
(which period may, in certain circumstances be less than 24 hours) provide, or
procure that any (or any other) Security Party acceptable to the Bank
provides, additional security of such market value in the form of cash or time
deposits in Acceptable Currencies or in the form of such other Charged Assets
as may be acceptable to the Bank …

[emphasis added]

Clause 9 of the form goes on to state that the Bank had the right to close out
the account should the borrower not comply with the obligations in the
application. Given the clear and express words of cll 8 and 9, no gap in the
contract existed that would permit the implication of the term sought by Mr
Koh. The parties had clearly contemplated the period of time to be given to a
borrower to furnish additional collateral. Even if a term ought to be implied,
I was of the view that the Bank would not be in breach of the term for the
reasons stated below (at [75]–[95]).

39 An open question was whether cll 8 and 9 of the form ought to be
unenforceable as being unreasonable. This was not specifically raised by Mr
Koh. I will simply observe that if the issue of reasonableness should arise,
the court would have to consider the fact that the Bank shoulders a default
risk whenever it extends a credit facility to a client, and that it is always
the choice of the client to trade on credit.

Tortious duty of care

40 The controlling authority on duty of care in tort is Spandeck Engineering
(S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 which
laid down that in determining whether a duty of care exists, the court first
assesses if there is factual foreseeability; then whether there is legal
proximity between the claimant and the defendant; and finally if there are any
policy considerations that negate such a duty. The Court of Appeal
subsequently elaborated in Animal Concerns Research & Education Society v Tan
Boon Kwee [2011] 2 SLR 146 at [77] that the court is not prohibited from
having due regard to the presence of policy considerations militating in
favour of the imposition of a duty of care.

41 In Chang Tse Wen, the leading authority on duty of care in respect of
investment advisory or wealth management, the Court of Appeal emphasised the
need to consider the closeness and directness of the relationship between the
parties when examining the element of legal proximity. Additionally, the twin
criteria of voluntary assumption of responsibility and reliance may also be
used to demonstrate proximity. The contractual matrix is, of course, a factor
to be considered (at [36]–[37]).

Existence of the duty of care

42 Factual foreseeability was readily made out as it would have been
foreseeable that Mr Koh would suffer loss from having relied on statements
made by the Bank. While the Bank did submit on foreseeability, these arguments
were not seriously pursued. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DCS, paras 137–144.

43 The fulcrum was whether there was sufficient legal proximity between the
parties. As noted above, there was no contractual obligation for the Bank to
provide advice and wealth management. Given this finding, for legal proximity
to be sufficiently established, there would have to be particularly cogent
evidence that showed that the Bank had assumed additional responsibilities
that went beyond the contract through its representations and conduct. To this
end, I found that there was no such evidence. Indeed, as a matter of the
evidence, it would be highly incongruous for the same parties to go to great
lengths to record a non-discretionary contractual arrangement, while at the
same time agreeing to a general undertaking to provide investment and wealth
management advice that was not so recorded (see also Chang Tse Wen at [51]).

Representations made about the incorporation of Smiling Sun

44 Mr Koh’s position was that the Bank had voluntarily assumed a higher level
of responsibility in relation to Mr Koh and the account. He pointed out that
the Bank knew that he was a risk-adverse investor who had the investment
objective of wealth preservation. Further, the Bank also knew that he was
uninterested in managing the investments in the account. Armed with such
knowledge, the Bank, through its representatives, represented that it would
advise him in structuring his portfolio and would manage the account on his
behalf. Pursuant to its representations, the Bank took active steps in the
conduct of the account. It was in this way that the Bank had voluntarily
assumed responsibility over the account. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PCS, paras 40–61.

45 I could not accept Mr Koh’s submission. I found, instead, that the Bank had
not undertaken additional duties during the life of the parties’ relationship.

46 Mr Koh’s pleaded claim was premised on the contention that he opened the
account and had Smiling Sun incorporated in reliance on the representations
purportedly made by Ms Kan Wai Kiat (“Ms Kan”), a relationship manager with
the Bank. According to Mr Koh, while he rebuffed Ms Kan’s initial attempts at
having him invest with the Bank, he was eventually persuaded to do so because
Ms Kan had suggested to him that the Bank could create a safe haven for his
wealth, and told him that the Bank had dedicated teams to assist him in the
management of his investments. She also proposed that a trust company be set
up so that the Bank could manage the account on his behalf. Mr Koh relied
heavily on the Due Diligence Information Form Ms Kan filled up on 18 September
2003 to show such representation: 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AEIC of Koh, p 870.

Mr Koh is a very savvy investor and established stockbroker who has undergone
3 financial crises in Malaysia with the latest one in 1998 being the hardest
on him. He learnt that he should preserve wealth and build wealth offshore as
he aspires to retire in Australia or Canada. He is also keen to have access to
funds to facilitate his (continuous) support for the poor and the Buddhist
community in Tibet and India. As he is divorced and his closest relation is
his aged mother (92 years old), he needs to establish a safe haven in the
event he is [incapable] of taking care of himself. Ultimately, he would set up
a trust for himself and his nieces and adopted children.

Other main reason is that as an established stockbroker, he has opportunities
to purchase some blocks of Malaysian shares which he may from time to time,
purchase and hold. He would like to have confidentiality in such instances.

47 The Bank’s evidence was that it was Mr Koh who had wanted to establish an
account with the Bank, and who had wanted to use an offshore company to open
an account to maintain confidentiality in respect of his trades and to build
wealth offshore. Further, it was he who had intended to consolidate assets
from other offshore bank accounts under the account with the Bank.

48 Mr Koh’s evidence cannot be accepted. The Due Diligence Information Form
did not help to make out the alleged representations. It was an internal
document that, as Mr Koh himself acknowledged, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AEIC of Koh, para 37.

was never shown to him. In any event, a bank’s acknowledgment of a client’s
risk attitude is distinct and separate from a representation that it would
advise and manage the account.

49 Apart from citing the Due Diligence Information Form, Mr Koh could not
provide specific particulars about when and how the alleged representations
were made to him. And as stated above, it would be highly unusual for the
parties to open a non-discretionary account if the Bank had represented that
it would manage the account on Mr Koh’s behalf. There is every reason to
reduce such an undertaking into contractual terms given that portfolio
management is an added service and that it is the customer’s option to open a
non-discretionary account.

50 In contrast, the Bank’s evidence was better corroborated. As was recorded
in Due Diligence Information Form, it would appear that Mr Koh sought to
establish an account with the Bank for the purpose of “consolidating his other
offshore accounts with BNP Singapore and Citibank Hongkong to [the Bank] as he
found the existing 2 bankers too transactional and product pushing”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AEIC of Koh, p 871.

At trial, Mr Koh accepted that he was no stranger to the use of trust
companies. On these previous occasions, trust companies were sought for safety
and confidentiality. He also accepted that in respect of Smiling Sun
specifically, the entity was used for safety and confidentiality. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript 29 August 2017, pp 50–53.

This evidence was significant because Mr Koh’s evidence in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief was that he had agreed to the proposed trust structure so
that the Bank could manage the account on his behalf (which I did not accept).
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AEIC of Koh, para 33.

51 Regardless of whether the Bank made any representations, I also found that
Mr Koh did not rely on the alleged representations and was the one who managed
the account. The Bank did not purport to undertake additional duties in the
operation of the account.

52 I start with the Bank’s evidence. The Bank’s investment consultant, Ms Lew
Hwee Gin (“Ms Lew”), and relationship manager, Ms Koh Seng Chen (“Ms Koh”) –
both of whom were in close contact with Mr Koh during the time he bought the
KODAs and DCIs – testified that Mr Koh was very active in managing the
account. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AEIC of Lew, para 12; AEIC of Ms Koh, paras 8–10.

Ms Koh also attested to the fact that Mr Koh would ask in-depth questions and
request for more information or relevant research for his consideration. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AEIC of Ms Koh, para 11.

And even when Ms Lew made any suggestions based on the Bank’s research, Mr Koh
would not hesitate to instruct Ms Lew otherwise if he disagreed. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AEIC of Lew, para 12.

53 The evidence of the Bank’s representatives was borne out by the objective
records. For example, in an email sent by Ms Koh to her colleagues on 29
August 2008, she indicated that Mr Koh was requesting for research on Wilmar
International Ltd and for the research to be faxed to him. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AB 34, p 133.

On that very same day, Mr Koh purchased a KODA from Wilmar International Ltd.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AEIC of Koh, para 125.

Furthermore, Mr Koh proved himself capable of evaluating investment strategies
himself. During a call on 9 July 2008, Ms Lew informed Mr Koh that the market
was “choppy”, that long-term structures such as accumulators were inadvisable,
and that Mr Koh should instead consider safer investments such as hedge funds.
Nevertheless, Mr Koh admitted on the stand that he proceeded to purchase three
more KODAs before the account was closed out, against the Bank’s
recommendations. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript 7 September 2017, pp 28–33.

54 Even on his own testimony, Mr Koh demonstrably managed his own investment
portfolio. At trial, Mr Koh conceded that he did not blindly follow the
recommendations of the Bank. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript 31 August 2017, p 76.

Specifically, in relation to his view on currencies, Mr Koh accepted that he
would have had no difficulty making decisions on the basis of his own views
even if the Bank suggested otherwise. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript 30 August 2017, pp 81–82.

Mr Koh’s management of the account was also borne out in the bank’s records.
For instance, it can be seen from the call transcripts that Mr Koh himself
would refer the Bank’s representatives to his own research. Indeed, in a
conversation on 27 May 2008 between Mr Koh and Ms Lew, the former referred the
latter to a research report issued by Goldman Sachs. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AEIC of Koh, pp 458-459.

55 From the above, I concluded that the Bank did not undertake any obligation
to advise Mr Koh on his portfolio and manage the account. It had acted
consistently with its contractual arrangement with Mr Koh. On the other hand,
Mr Koh was active in managing the account. However, for completeness, I shall
address some of the points raised by Mr Koh.

56 Mr Koh at trial explained his actions on the basis that he had purchased
products on behalf of friends and thus obtained outside research from them. I
found that these assertions, which were not pleaded, were an afterthought.

57 Mr Koh also made several concessions in relation to the investments made
and the management of the account, but reiterated that these actions were at
all material times influenced by the Bank. In the end, the general tenor of Mr
Koh’s evidence was that he would first receive a proposal from the Bank, enter
into “consultation” with the Bank on the proposal, and then make the decision
to enter into a transaction. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript 5 September 2017, pp 122–123; Transcript 8 September 2017, pp
118–122.

In my view, there is a line between the giving of advice on the one hand, and
the solicitation or the provision of information or opinion on the other.
Without more, statements from a financial institution in the nature of the
latter category are unlikely to attract the legal responsibilities attendant
upon the provision of advice. Advice includes more than an exchange of
information about a product. It requires the financial institution to take the
further step of committing and communicating a considered position to a client
with the intention that the analysis provided will be relied on by the client
to make an investment decision. From the call transcripts, it was evident that
the parties’ conversations were led by Mr Koh. The content of the
conversations were simply discussions on possible investment strategies and
exchanges of information and opinions (see [76] below). They were not advisory
in nature.

58 Mr Koh also submitted that the Bank did not cede control of Smiling Sun to
him at any point in time prior to 2014, this was unsustainable. The Limited
Power of Attorney for Asset Manager clearly provided that Mr Koh had the
ultimate authority to make investment decisions on behalf of Smiling Sun.
Thus, the Bank’s role was limited to executing Mr Koh’s instructions.

Unilateral conduct of the Bank

59 Mr Koh also suggested that the Bank had assumed wider responsibilities in
relation to the account, as the Bank had acted unilaterally on several
occasions, more notably in respect of increasing the account’s credit limit. I
found this contention to be unsustainable.

60 The credit limit of the account was increased on several occasions. Mr Koh
alleged that (a) some of these increases were done without his knowledge; and
(b) the credit limit should never have been breached in the first place as he
had instructed the Bank to ensure that the credit limit would not exceed a
certain range.

61 The point that the Bank had acted unilaterally could be readily be disposed
of. In so far as the increases in the credit limit from US$5m to US$20m and
from US$20m to US$30m were concerned, Mr Koh was furnished with and did
counter-sign the confirmation letters for the increases. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AB1, pp 773–811.

As regards the increase from US$2m to US$5m, the short point is this – Mr Koh
asserted in his affidavit that he only discovered the increase from US$2m to
US$5m after disclosure of documents from the Bank in 2016. He, however,
averred that Ms Koh had advised him to increase the credit limit to US$5m in
early 2008 and admitted on the stand that he knew of the new credit limit in
2008. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript 4 May 2018, pp 37–41.

This inconsistency could not be overlooked. Perhaps the most telling piece of
evidence was the telephone conversation between Mr Koh, Ms Kan and Ms Koh on
17 October 2008. This conversation was significant because it came shortly
after Mr Koh wrote to the Bank and appeared to complain about the increases in
the credit facility that were allegedly done without his knowledge: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AEIC of Mr Koh, Exhibit 55, p 5040.

Ms Koh: … I was quite shocked to see your letter to say that you do not know
about the 30 million that has been increased or whatever, which we discussed
at length and I said that’s the best way I can do to help …

…

Ms Koh: All right, Mr Koh, we have spoken at every interval, at every
increase. I do have my record --

…

Mr Koh: I am not dispute it.

Ms Koh: Right.

Mr Koh: It is done proper.

Ms Koh: Correct.

Mr Koh: Okay, from 20 to 30, also it’s done proper.

…

Mr Koh: So I am only talking about this, when 20 – before the increase –

…

Mr Koh: -- 20 become 25. I am talking about that.

…

Ms Koh: And I think I explained to you why it was 25. At that point when you
have reached 25, and that was actually the KODA position which even until
today, it is still the KODA positions that would have caused – no, okay. Let
me requalify this. Not only the KODA positions, but the loans that you were
doing, against the DCIs that you were matching. And as you know, we have
spoken several times and also with the IC people that, you know currency-wise,
we are very sceptical at one point, and we said, “Look, Aussie would be
something”, and I remember telling you, Aussie would be something that is, you
know, very risky and is the volatility is very great, don’t go all into it.
But and, you know, the position itself today is all in Aussie, Mr Koh.

After Ms Koh informed Mr Koh that each increase in the credit facility had
been made with his knowledge, Mr Koh said that this matter was not in dispute
and that the increases were “proper”. He clarified that the complaint was
about why the US$20m credit limit was crossed. Ms Koh then told him that the
products purchased and the drawdowns had led to the breach of the credit
limit, and that she had advised him against certain actions which he had gone
ahead to carry out. In these circumstances, I found that Mr Koh had been aware
of the credit limit increases.

62 As regards the breaches in the credit limit, I accepted the Bank’s
submission that there was no evidence of Mr Koh ever instructing the Bank to
monitor his account. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 229.

When asked if he was able to identify any telephone conversations where such
instructions were given, Mr Koh was unable to do so. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript 7 September 2018, p 79.

On the contrary, there was evidence to suggest that Mr Koh had been monitoring
the credit limit of the account himself. The evidence disclosed by Mr Koh
showed that he had asked for and obtained a total of at least 52 ad hoc
statements of investments and statements of accounts in addition to the
regular month-end statements issued by the Bank. The copies of these ad hoc
statements disclosed by Mr Koh showed handwritten notations on the line item
details of the loans drawn down on the account. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, paras 102–103; AB 9, p 344 et seq; AB 10, p 6
et seq, AB 11, p 71 et seq.

More importantly, as can be seen from the telephone conversation quoted above
(at [61]), the credit limit of the facility had been breached because Mr Koh
had disregarded the Bank’s warnings and had gone ahead to make his own
investment decisions.

Directive D-03380

63 Mr Koh further relied heavily on Directive D-03380, a document internally
circulated by the Bank which set out the directives on the conduct of
relationship managers vis-à-vis clients (in particular, the treatment of KODAs
and DCIs), among other things. Based on this document, it was suggested that
the Bank had assumed a duty of care towards him.

64 Mr Koh’s reliance on Directive-03380 was misplaced. This was an internal
document. At the highest, the document might have created obligations between
the Bank and its employees. However, in so far as Mr Koh was concerned, the
document merely represented best practices. Such a document could not supplant
the clear contractual arrangement forged by the parties. I therefore did not
find Directive D-03380 to have assisted Mr Koh’s case.

Policy considerations

65 Given how the parties structured their relationship, I did not consider
there to be any policy considerations in favour of the imposition of the duty
of care.

Conclusions on the existence of the duty of care

66 The legal responsibilities that attach to a financial institution depend on
the specific obligations undertaken by the institution in each particular
case. There is no question that financial instruments may involve complex
structures and that clients quite naturally expect financial institutions to
provide them with the information necessary to make a proper investment
decision. However, it must also be remembered that financial institutions are
ultimately sellers of their own investment products and operate with a degree
of self-interest. Investors must expect a degree of fluff, puff and seller’s
optimism, and exercise a degree of caution. Unless a financial institution
undertakes to provide additional services such as the giving of advice or
management of an account, the responsibility of investing resides in the
client. It is incumbent on the client to clarify what he or she does not fully
appreciate, as the investment decision is ultimately his or her own. In short,
caveat emptor. That is not to say that absent any additional features in the
banking relationship, financial institutions do not owe clients any
responsibilities whatsoever. If the institution provided false information,
the institution may well be liable for the misstatement. But that was not the
claim before me.

67 The present case parallels Chang Tse Wen in many respects. In Chang Tse
Wen, the Court of Appeal came to the conclusion that the bank in that case did
not owe the client a duty of care. Notably, the account was operated as an
execution-only (or non-discretionary) account, meaning that the bank’s role
was confined to executing orders on behalf of the client in that case. The
bank had no discretionary mandate to enter into whatever transactions it
thought appropriate having regard to any investment objectives laid down by
the client. Further, having regard to the relevant contractual agreements, the
bank had not assumed any responsibility to provide advisory services. Even on
a consideration of the statements made by the bank to the client, there was no
undertaking of any advice or management of the client’s affairs. These
statements were in the nature of solicitations or sales pitches and were not
an offer to advise on the structuring of the client’s overall portfolio (at
[40]–[57]).

68 In contrast, while the Court of Appeal in Go Dante Yap observed that a duty
of care arose despite the client having the final say in deciding what
products to purchase or sell, the case was distinguishable. The Court of
Appeal’s decision there was in relation to the exercise of skill and care on
the part of the bank in discharging the client’s instructions (at [26]–[27]).

69 Mr Koh submitted that the non-existence of an advisory relationship was
inconclusive of whether there could be a duty of care and drew my attention to
portions of Chang Tse Wen to this effect. Be that as it may, there was nothing
to show that the Bank had accepted responsibility for the risk of Mr Koh’s
investing activities and the affairs of the account.

70 Looking at the facts as a whole, I was satisfied that no duty of care
existed between the parties in the present case. The Bank had acted within the
bounds of its legal relationship with Mr Koh. Whatever “advice” it gave to Mr
Koh, be it through recommendations or updates, was simply a goodwill gesture
extended to a client. Mr Koh had operated under certain assumptions in his
dealings with the Bank, expecting at times that the Bank dissuade him from
imprudent decisions. However, Mr Koh had the ultimate responsibility over his
own investment decisions and in monitoring the credit limit of the account. He
must therefore accept the risk of his purchases and the credit exposure to his
account. That the account was eventually closed out was a consequence of Mr
Koh’s own doing.

Applicability of the Unfair Contract Terms Act

71 Mr Koh contended that there were clauses in the contract between the
parties which purported to exclude or restrict any duty of care owed to him,
and that these clauses were unreasonable and unenforceable under the Unfair
Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed) (“UCTA”). The Court of Appeal in
Chang Tse Wen observed that whether contractual provisions are subject to the
test of reasonableness under the UCTA depends on whether they have the effect
of restricting or excluding a tortious duty (at [68]). The concern is with the
substantive effect of the provision rather than form. This is because there
have been suggestions that the UCTA merely seeks to address clauses that
exclude or restrict liability, obligation or duty, and does not cover clauses
which restrict the scope of the duty or obligation.

72 While the Court of Appeal’s observations were obiter, I was satisfied that
they are consonant with a purposive interpretation of UCTA. In this regard,
the contractual provisions considered in my decision did not have the effect
of restricting or excluding a tortious duty. The provisions were intended to
merely regulate the relationship of the parties vis-à-vis each other and
define the legal proximity of the parties. This was in contradistinction to
provisions that negate a tortious duty. Examples of such provisions may be in
the nature of a disclaimer that the aggrieved party accepts and waives
liability for negligent acts on the tortfeasor’s part. While some provisions
in the contract were in the nature of no-reliance clauses, I had not found it
necessary to refer to those provisions in coming to my decision.

Breaches of the duty of care

73 Much effort was spent by the parties on addressing the issue of whether the
Bank had breached its duty to Mr Koh in view of the risks associated with the
investments and its failure to monitor and alert Mr Koh about the collateral
shortfall in the account. In this regard, even if I were wrong on the question
of the existence of the duty, no breach was made out in respect of:

(a) the Bank’s introduction of KODAs and DCIs to Mr Koh; and

(b) the collateral shortfall in the account and its close out.

Introduction of KODAs and DCIs

74 Mr Koh argued that the Bank committed a breach in introducing KODAs and
DCIs to him. He was a risk-adverse investor who knew little about investing
apart from his experience in dealing with Malaysian shares. His investment
objective was wealth preservation. The Bank had exploited his naivety and had
mis-sold him investments that were wholly unsuited to his investment
objective.

Mr Koh’s risk appetite

75 I found that the Bank did not breach any duty of care in introducing the
KODAs and DCIs to Mr Koh. Contrary to what Mr Koh claimed – namely, that he
was risk-adverse and none-the-wiser – Mr Koh was in fact an aggressive
investor who had been told of and was fully apprised of the risks involved.
And if any recommendation was even given, Mr Koh did not rely on such
recommendation and acted on his own.

76 Mr Koh’s investment appetite was exemplified by a phone conversation he had
with Ms Lew dated 5 October 2007 (at 2.53pm, 3.38pm and 5.01pm): 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DCB Vol 1, pp 188–189, 222–226.

Mr Koh: Yes. What I been --- I calculate where – if you advise, I must look –
normally how I analysing –

Ms Lew: Yes.

Mr Koh: -- how much capital you commit, how much you return you get, what is
the risk. These are the mainly three criteria.

…

Mr Koh: So you need to analyse based on these three criteria.

…

Mr Koh: You jump here, jump there, jump everywhere, I cannot see what three
criteria are you – I can’t see it, do you get me or not?

Ms Lew: Yes.

…

Mr Koh: That one I – even the market is recession come in or whatever come in,
I hold that kind of share, I can (inaudible). Not banking share.

…

Mr Koh: Yes, like I keep asking you for Australia counter, you never come back
also.

Ms Lew: Oh, no. Okay, the – the thing is that the (inaudible) counters, right,
the (inaudible) is a bit thin, and the pricing is not fantastic. And I think
to be (inaudible) you probably need about a million dollar equivalent to do
ELN. And we don’t have –

Mr Koh: (inaudible).

Ms Lew: -- appetite also.

Mr Koh: Who don’t have appetite?

Ms Lew: The clients do the whole --

Mr Koh: Your client --

Ms Lew: -- one million.

Mr Koh: -- your client don’t have, (inaudible) don’t mean I don’t have
appetite.

Ms Lew: The – okay.

Mr Koh: Don’t assume my share is same as your other client.

Ms Lew: I see. Okay. Sorry about that.

Mr Koh: Yes, you don’t assume thing. You ask me, you see. If something I like
it a lot, I can put in a lot of money.

Ms Lew: Yes.

Mr Koh: If – unless I don’t like it, you see.

…

Mr Koh: Yes. If it’s a good one, I like it very much, and the risk and reward
is there, what for – if don’t have (inaudible) thousand, I think it’s too
little for me already. I want to do 1, 2 million.

…

Mr Koh: But that is the main criteria you know. My main criteria is the risk-
reward, the return and reward, you know.

77 It was evident that Mr Koh led the discussion and sought riskier
investments that had the potential for higher returns. When it came to the
KODAs, Ms Lew could be seen explaining how KODAs operated. Mr Koh would stop
Ms Lew when he did not understand her explanation and would then provide his
own opinions based on her explanation. It was clear that the product was
explained to Mr Koh and that he could understand the mechanics of the product.
What was notable in the conversation was Mr Koh’s emphatic response to Ms
Lew’s comments on the general lack of appetite by her other clients for risk.

78 Mr Koh’s statements to Ms Lew could hardly be said to be that of a
conservative investor. Mr Koh knew the risks involved in KODAs and DCIs, and
made the decision to enter into those investments with the expectation of
higher returns. Whatever Mr Koh’s investment objective might have been at the
start, it was clear that by the time he purchased the KODAs and DCIs, his
objective was to enhance his returns. Hence, the Bank did not act
inconsistently with his investment objective in introducing him to KODAs and
DCIs. Similarly, Mr Koh entered into these investments with his eyes open and
accepted the risks.

Explanation of risks

79 In any event, I was also satisfied that the Bank had sufficiently explained
the risks involved in the purchase of KODAs and DCIs to Mr Koh.

80 In relation to the KODAs, Mr Koh claimed to have been left in the dark
about the difficulties of premature termination (ie, the penalties to be paid,
illiquidity, etc) and the multiplying effect of some of the KODAs. In relation
to the DCIs, he asserted that he had not been told of the risks involved in
such instruments and was ill-advised on the currency pairings. Instead, he was
led to believe that DCIs functioned like fixed deposit accounts and thus
carried low risk. There was little basis for these claims.

81 I begin with the KODAs. The call transcripts showed Ms Lew explaining the
KODAs to Mr Koh; in particular, the multiplying effect and difficulties
surrounding premature termination of the KODAs. Indeed, Mr Koh accepted during
cross-examination that by 11 October 2007, he was aware of the multiplying
effect of certain KODAs. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript 6 September 2017, p 6.

Furthermore, confirmation letters setting out the terms and conditions of each
KODA purchase were issued to Mr Koh. These documents explained the features of
the specific KODA, the risks involved in the purchase, its multiplying effect
and the penalties for premature termination. By way of illustration, in a
confirmation letter dated 23 October 2007, para 5 specifically stated: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AEIC of Koh, p 1173.

Termination. The Client understands that this Transaction cannot be terminated
or transferred without prior written consent of [the Bank]. If [the Bank]
agrees to terminate this Transaction at the Client’s request, [the Bank] will
suffer break costs (as determined by [the Bank]) and the Client must pay those
break costs to [the Bank]. These break costs may be significant.

Notably, some of these documents were countersigned by Mr Koh and exhibited in
his own affidavit. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AEIC of Koh, pp 1164–1342.

82 At the trial, Mr Koh did accept that Ms Lew had informed him that it was
not possible to cut losses for the KODAs. However, Mr Koh then unpersuasively
explained that he had sought a second opinion from another representative of
the Bank who had informed him that the KODAs could be terminated. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript 5 September 2017, pp 63–69.

This was a mere bare assertion. In the face of conflicting information, one
would have expected Mr Koh to pursue the matter further and not simply take
the word of another bank representative, whom he did not consistently deal
with, as the final answer.

83 Turning to the DCIs, at the trial, Mr Koh accepted that Ms Lew had informed
him of the features of a DCI and that DCIs were not principal protected. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript 6 September 2017, p 88.

He was also able to explain the broad features of DCIs and how such products
operated. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript 6 September 2017, p 91.

In a call dated 17 October 2008 with Ms Koh and Ms Kan, Mr Koh himself stated
that he had been warned of the currency risks and that he bought the DCIs on
his own accord: “No one get me into that, okay. That is fair comment. In fact,
credit to your girl, she did mention that currency is quite risky, okay”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defendant’s Core Bundle Vol 2, p 283.

I noted portions of the call where Mr Koh asserted that he had been influenced
by the Bank’s upselling of the DCIs and took the Bank’s opinion on DCIs into
account when making his decision to purchase the DCIs. However, on balance, I
was of the view that while the Bank might have upsold their products (as any
eager seller would), information and features of the DCIs were ultimately
conveyed to Mr Koh for him to make an informed decision.

84 As surfaced at the trial, Mr Koh’s position appeared to be that it was
insufficient for the Bank to merely bring the risks of products to his
attention. The Bank ought to also have him appreciate the risks, in other
words, to dissuade him where his investment strategies were imprudent. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript 11 September 2017, pp 38–42.

To my mind, even if the Bank did have an obligation to advise him, it was
difficult to accept the imposition of this more onerous standard of care. The
standard of care incumbent on a bank would certainly depend on circumstantial
factors. More would be needed before a bank can be said to shoulder a more
onerous standard of care. For example, a demonstrable vulnerability on the
part of the client would need to be shown. On this note, it was particularly
difficult to accept the characterisation that Mr Koh was a clueless investor.
He previously held a senior position at one of the top stockbroking houses in
Malaysia. It was difficult to imagine that a man of Mr Koh’s calibre and
background, with the capability to amass US$26m from the sale of properties in
Malaysia alone, would be oblivious to investment matters and reduced to merely
rubber-stamping the Bank’s recommendations.

85 Mr Koh attempted to downplay his investment experience by suggesting that
he merely fulfilled an administrative role towards the end of his career, was
only familiar with Malaysian shares and had lost touch with complex modern-day
financial instruments. This was unpersuasive. First, there was nothing to show
that the experience he had garnered in the financial industry was not
transferrable. Second, and quite crucially, my findings above on Mr Koh’s
active role in the account were testament to his abilities.

Collateral shortfall and close out

86 In relation to the management of the account, Mr Koh alleged that the Bank
misadvised him into applying for a credit facility to finance his trades,
failed to review the state of the account, failed to monitor the credit limit
of the credit facility, failed to discover the collateral shortfall in a
timely manner, and failed to afford him a reasonable amount of time to furnish
further collateral. Again, I have not found the Bank to be in breach of its
alleged duty of care.

Risk exposure

87 The risk exposure of the account was the result of two things: (a) the
nature of the products the account was concentrated with; and (b) increases in
the collateral requirement due to rapid drawdowns on the credit facility. I
found that the increased risk exposure of the account was Mr Koh’s own doing.

88 Mr Koh was not unfamiliar with leveraged trading. On Mr Koh’s own evidence,
he had previously provided loans for trading to his clients from an account he
had with a different bank. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript 29 August 2017, pp 37–40.

When it came to the Bank, Mr Koh was the one who made the decision to apply
for the credit facility as he wanted to carry out trades using the facility.
According to Mr Koh, the Bank had advised him to apply for the credit facility
as most of his funds were locked up in fixed deposits. However, the
documentary record told a different tale. In an email dated 3 May 2006 from Ms
Koh to Credit Suisse Trust, Ms Koh recorded that Mr Koh was requesting to
apply for a credit facility on an urgent basis to finance his trades. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AB 33, p 357.

The following day, Ms Koh informed Mr Koh that his application was approved.
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AEIC of Ms Koh Vol 1, pp 7–8.

Shortly after, on 5 May 2006, Mr Koh began giving instructions to drawdown on
the credit facility. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AEIC of Koh, pp 155–159.

And on 8 May 2006, Mr Koh instructed Ms Koh to make an additional drawdown. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

AEIC of Koh, p 188.

Hence, contrary to Mr Koh’s case, he had not applied for the credit facility
on the advice of the Bank but had himself sought the credit facility to
finance his trades. The picture that emerged was that of an investor who made
the decision to engage in leveraged trading. It followed that such an investor
has to bear the consequences and risks attendant to trading on credit.

89 It is apt at this juncture to mention that under the terms of the
application for the credit facility, there were provisions stating that the
drawdowns should not exceed the collateral value of the account and that a
failure to ensure this might lead to a close out. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AEIC of Ms Koh Vol I, pp 7–8.

By way of a confirmation letter dated 8 May 2006, Mr Koh was informed that the
utilisation of the credit facility was subject to limit availability and the
availability of aggregate collateral value to support any utilisation. The
total outstanding for the facility had to be lower than the credit limit or
the aggregate collateral value. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AEIC of Ms Koh Vol 1, p 11.

Mr Koh alleged that Ms Koh had told him that it was not necessary to read the
confirmation letter. However, even if Ms Koh had told him not to read the
confirmation letter, Mr Koh was not unfamiliar with the way in which credit
facilities operated. In fact, by Mr Koh’s own case, in instructing the Bank to
ensure that the credit exposure of the account was kept in check, he must have
known the manner in which a credit facility might affect the account.

90 In any event, I was satisfied that the Bank did bring to Mr Koh’s attention
warning signs as the financial crisis gained traction. At the trial, Mr Koh
acknowledged, albeit with some hesitation, that various bank representatives
had conveyed to him the level of risk in the account and advised him to
deleverage in the months where the account was said to have rapidly
deteriorated: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript 7 September 2017, pp 80–81, 101.

Q: Mr Koh, isn’t it correct that [the Bank] had been warning you to take less
risk and reduce your loans and I’m referring to the months of July and
September 2008.

A: I disagree because it is not warning, it is advice.

Q: Not warning you, just advising you?

A: Yeah.

…

Q: You see, Mr Koh, you had received plenty of warnings to pay down your
Japanese yen debt by this time and I don’t just mean in October. You had
received warnings before October 2008 to pay down your debt in Japanese yen;
correct?

A: I agree.

Mr Koh did not heed the Bank’s advice to reduce risk and deleverage as he
wanted to capture the investment opportunities in a falling market: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript 7 September 2017, pp 55, 81.

Q: So, Mr Koh, despite all the warnings you were getting, you took the view
that if a recession came, the commodities prices would drop and then the
economy will start to recover; correct?

A: Yes.

…

Q: When [the Bank] advised you or warned you of the levels of risk and asked
you to reduce risk, you still went ahead to make your own investment
decisions; agree?

A: Agree, but that one I was misled.

Q: Just to be clear, when you say “misled”, it was the matters you were
referring to earlier when you said [Ms Lew] did not properly explain to you
the features of the KODA? That’s what you are referring to; right?

A: Correct.

As can be seen from the evidence above, the Bank had taken steps to review the
account and had expressed its concerns to Mr Koh. Indeed, the Bank had an
interest in keeping Mr Koh’s use of the credit facility in check as the Bank
itself was shouldering the risk of his default. It therefore came as no
surprise that in the months leading up to the eventual close out of the
account, Mr Koh received calls from the Bank indicating the concerning outlook
of Mr Koh’s account. However, Mr Koh was steadfast with his investment
strategy.

91 Mr Koh made the further point that the Bank had failed to have him truly
appreciate the gravity of the situation and had failed to take the extra step
of telling him how to mitigate the problems with the account. I was of the
view that the standard of care incumbent on the Bank was not to be pitched
that high. There were sufficient red flags to indicate that the situation in
the account was headed in an unsustainable direction, and possibly to a close
out. However, being the aggressive investor that he was, Mr Koh refused to
deleverage and continued to enter into further trades that led to the
increasing exposure of the account.

Close out of the account

92 I now come to the Bank’s failure to discover the collateral shortfall at an
earlier juncture and the short notice provided for Mr Koh to furnish
additional collateral. Mr Koh’s point was that had the Bank discovered the
collateral shortfall earlier, informed him of the matter and given him more
time to furnish collateral, the close out would not have happened. This is
because Mr Koh could have taken steps to remedy the situation and was in the
position to readily provide the additional collateral. Instead, the close out
notice only gave him four hours to furnish additional collateral. While I
sympathised with Mr Koh’s plight, having weighed the circumstances, I was
unable to agree with Mr Koh that the Bank had breached its duty in this
regard.

93 According to Mr Koh, a collateral shortfall in the account occurred as
early as 3 October 2008. However, the Bank only discovered the shortfall on 21
October 2008. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCS, pp 50–51.

Be that as it may, the circumstances were such that even assuming that the
Bank had discovered the shortfall at a late juncture, its decision to close
out the account was not a breach of its duty of care. Mr Koh had applied for
the credit facility as he wanted to engage in leveraged trading. The credit
facility application forms clearly spelt out the need to maintain collateral
value in the account and the right of the Bank to impose a close out. Mr Koh
must therefore be taken to have assumed the risk of a close out.

94 There was force in Mr Koh’s contention that the time given to furnish
additional collateral was unreasonable. This was especially so since he had
the capacity to prevent the close out and there had been some success at
deleveraging the account prior to the close out. However, this must be weighed
against the concerns of the Bank and the unfolding circumstances at the
material time. Mr Koh’s investment strategy had hitherto been aggressive, and
Mr Koh had not heeded the Bank’s indications to reduce risk and deleverage.
Set against the uncertainty of a financial crisis which affected various
financial institutions worldwide, the Bank made the decision to exercise its
right to close out the account.

95 Furthermore, it would appear that at the material time, Mr Koh felt that a
close out was a reasonable decision on the part of the Bank. According to the
Bank, Mr Koh was contacted about the close out at around 2.27pm on 24 October
2008. During the call, Mr Koh did not raise any objections to the close out,
nor did he mention that he could or would top-up the account. Instead, Mr Koh
only requested that the liquidation be carried in a managed manner. In a
follow-up call, Mr Koh mentioned that there was “no problem, if [the Bank]
really want to close [sic]” and to “[j]ust try to … do it in the ordinary
manner”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AEIC of Kong Wu, paras 38–40.

These matters were recorded in the call transcripts and I saw no reason to
doubt their contents. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AEIC of Kong Wu, Exhibit 21, p 415 et seq.

Peripheral issues

96 As I have disposed of the matter on its merits, I will only make brief
observations on the following peripheral issues: (a) the issue of reflective
loss; (b) expert evidence; and (c) whether the claims were time-barred.

Reflective loss

97 The Bank argued that Mr Koh was precluded from bringing claims against it
as, being a shareholder of Smiling Sun, Mr Koh’s loss was a reflection of the
loss of Smiling Sun. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DCS, p 158; Minute Sheet dated 7 August 2018.

On this related note, the Bank adduced expert evidence on BVI law relating to
the rule against reflective loss.

98 According to the Bank, its only client was Smiling Sun as the relevant
agreements were entered into between the Bank and Smiling Sun. I was doubtful
of the Bank’s position.

99 First and foremost, Mr Koh’s claim in tort did not require that there be a
direct contractual relationship with the Bank.

100 Second, unlike the banking relationship between corporate clients and a
bank, the relationship between the Bank, Mr Koh and Smiling Sun was far more
complex. Smiling Sun was a special purpose trust vehicle set up with the
assistance of the Bank for the benefit of Mr Koh. The Bank knew, for all
intents and purposes, that it had to deal with, and did in fact deal, with Mr
Koh. Indeed, the Limited Power of Attorney for Asset Manager executed between
Mr Koh and Smiling Sun was witnessed by the Bank. Further, the property and
assets held by Smiling Sun were that of Mr Koh. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AB 1, p 199.

Hence, while Mr Koh and Smiling Sun are separate legal entities, the situation
was such that the Bank could not simply point to the corporate form to escape
liability.

Expert evidence

101 Both sides adduced expert opinions on various points. For Mr Koh, a
certain Mr Elan Cohen was called to provide his views on banking and
investment matters. Mr Robert Charles John Foote for the bank and Mr Paul
Barrington Dennis QC for Mr Koh were called to give evidence on BVI law
relating to the rule against reflective loss. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DCS, para 23.

I, however, did not find it necessary to rely on the evidence of the experts.
Save for the explanation as to how KODAs and DCIs operated, the case did not
turn on the evidence of the experts. This case was decided on issues of either
fact or law, which are matters within the province of the court (see also
Cheong Soh Chin and others v Eng Chiet Shoong and others [2018] SGHC 131 at
[37]).

Time bar

The law

102 Before addressing the arguments proper, it is useful to set out the
relevant statutory provisions. The general limitation period for actions
founded on contract and tort is encapsulated in s 6 of the Limitation Act (Cap
163, Rev Ed 1996) (“the Act”):

Limitation of actions of contract and tort and certain other actions

6.—(1) Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought after
the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued:

(a) actions founded on a contract or on tort;

…

103 Section 24A of the Act deals specifically with the time limits for an
action in respect of negligence or breach of duty. Generally, an action for
damages in respect of negligence or breach of duty would be barred if brought
six years from the date on which the cause of action accrued. However, where
the damage is latent, the relevant time period will run three years from the
earliest date on which the plaintiff had both the requisite knowledge and a
right to bring the action, if that period expires later than the period of six
years:

Time limits for negligence, nuisance and breach of duty actions in respect of
latent injuries and damage

24A.—(1) This section shall apply to any action for damages for negligence,
nuisance or breach of duty (whether the duty exists by virtue of a contract …
or independently of any contract …).

…

(3) An action to which this section applies, other than one referred to in
subsection (2), shall not be brought after the expiration of the period of —

(a) 6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued; or

(b) 3 years from the earliest date on which the plaintiff … first had both the
knowledge required for bringing an action for damages in respect of the
relevant damage and a right to bring such an action, if that period expires
later than the period mentioned in paragraph (a).

104 The requisite knowledge for the purposes of s 24A(3) of the Act is
elaborated on in the subsections that follow. Generally, what is required is
the knowledge that the damage was attributable in whole or in part to the act
or omission which is alleged to constitute negligence or breach of duty, the
identity of the defendant and material facts about the damage which would lead
a reasonable person who had suffered such damage to consider it sufficiently
serious to justify his instituting proceedings for damages against a defendant
who did not dispute liability and was able to satisfy a judgment (see s 24(4)
of the Act). Knowledge includes knowledge which the plaintiff might reasonably
be expected to acquire from observable or ascertainable facts (with or without
appropriate expert advice which is reasonable for the plaintiff to seek) (see
s 24(6) of the Act). It is not necessary that the plaintiff knew the act or
omission to involve negligence or breach of duty as a matter of law (see s
24(5) of the Act).

Application of the law

105 The parties clashed on the time at which the relevant causes of action
accrued. It is trite law that for contractual claims, the date on which the
cause of action is accrued is the date of the contractual breach. For tortious
claims, the date on which the cause of action accrued is the date on which the
damage was suffered.

106 For context, this action was a consolidation of Suit No 942 of 2013 (“Suit
942”) and Suit No 1123 of 2014 (“Suit 1123”); Mr Koh and Smiling Sun were the
plaintiffs of those respective suits. Suit 942 was commenced on 16 October
2013. Suit 1123 was commenced on 23 October 2014. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DCS, para 323.

107 The Bank submitted that a substantial part of Mr Koh’s (or the
plaintiffs’) claims have been time-barred. The limitation period for the
plaintiffs’ contractual and tortious claims accrued from the time that Mr Koh
purchased each KODA and DCI. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DCS, para 329.

Thus in so far Mr Koh’s claims in respect of the KODAs and DCIs purchased
before 16 October 2007 were concerned, the claims would be time-barred. In so
far as Smiling Sun’s claims in respect of the KODAs and DCIs purchased before
23 October 2008 are concerned, the claims would also be time-barred. For all
other claims in respect of alleged breaches of duty, these claims were time-
barred if the breaches occurred before 16 October 2007 and 23 October 2008,
respectively.

108 Mr Koh submitted that the time bar for the tortious claims had not been
reached. The damage occurred on 24 October 2008, when the Bank closed out the
account. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PCS Reply, para 143.

Both suits were within time. I treated the argument in respect of the tortious
claims to be the same as that in respect of the contractual claims.

109 The claims before me were varied – some were premised on contract, others
tort; some concerned the Bank’s negligence, others (such as the breach of an
implied duty to provide a reasonable time period to furnish additional
collateral) did not. Hence, the issues in relation to each claim varied to
some degree. I, however, did not propose to address each claim specifically as
I had disposed the matter on its merits. It sufficed to say that at the
hearing on 7 August 2018, I indicated that substantial parts of Mr Koh’s (or
the plaintiffs’) claims were time-barred. I accepted the Bank’s position that
the limitation period for the plaintiffs’ contractual and tortious claims
accrued from the time that Mr Koh purchased each KODA and DCI. That was the
relevant point of time: see John Powell et al, Jackson & Powell on
Professional Liability (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2017) at para 5-064: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DBOA, Tab 54.

Consistently with the approach to claims against surveyors, solicitors and
insurance brokers, a client of a financial adviser will suffer loss and damage
when he makes an investment or otherwise acts to his detriment in reliance
upon negligent advice. Where the complaint is that the breach of duty by the
financial adviser caused the claimant to make an investment which carried a
greater degree of risk than was appropriate, damage is suffered when that
investment is made and the claimant is exposed to the risk, even if the risk
does not materialise at that point and there is a chance that the investment
actually made will outperform that which should or would have been made. So in
Shore v Sedgwick Financial Services Ltd the claimant had transferred from his
occupational pension scheme to a more risky scheme in reliance on the
defendant’s advice. Relying on the decision of the House of Lords in Law
Society v Sephton, the claimant argued that mere exposure to risk was not
itself loss, but was equivalent to the exposure to a contingency. Rejecting
that argument, Dyson LJ, with whom the other members of the Court of Appeal
agreed, held that the claimant had received an inferior scheme, because it
involved a higher degree of risk which he did not want. This did not involve
the application of a subjective basis of valuation, rather the Court valued
the investment applying the investment criterion which the claimant had
stipulated.

As the claims accrued from the time Mr Koh purchased the KODAs and DCIs, a
number of the claims had crossed the six-year limitation period and were time-
barred.

110 I did not find s 24A(3) of the Act to assist the plaintiffs. The close out
notice was issued on 24 October 2008. This would have provided Mr Koh with the
requisite knowledge to commence the present action, and the three-year period
under s 24(3)(b) would have expired no later than 23 October 2011.

111 Mr Koh, at the trial, attempted to furnish reasons for the late
commencement of the action. He mentioned that he was reeling from the shock of
his losses and was implicated in criminal proceedings in Malaysia for alleged
murder. To my mind, Mr Koh could have taken out a protective writ.

112 There was also an allegation that the Bank had schemed to have Smiling Sun
struck off the BVI register of companies to thwart Mr Koh’s attempts at
commencing legal action. The simple point is this – Smiling Sun was restored
to the BVI register of companies on 31 October 2013. Suit 1123, however, was
only commenced close to a year later on 23 October 2014.

Costs

113 Costs were awarded to the Bank, partly on an indemnity basis following the
Bank’s making of an offer to settle.

Conclusion

114 Mr Koh, the Plaintiff, was not owed any duty or obligation by the Bank in
respect of the investments he made, or in respect of the close out of his
account. It is always important to bear in mind that the relationship between
a client and a bank is governed by the contractual documents that are signed.
Contrary to the advertisements that are often put out, this is not a pastel-
coloured relationship that is almost familial: a bank looks out for itself and
has many lawyers. While exceptions to such relationships may exist, they are
likely to be rare, exclusive and expensive for the client.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Choh Thian Chee Irving, Kor Wan Wen Melissa and Lim Bee Li (Optimus Chambers
LLC) for the plaintiffs;  
Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai SC, Daniel Chan, Lim Wei Lee, Noel Chua Yi How, Sanjay S
Kumar, Vithiya d/o Rajendra (Wongpartnership LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

