Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHCF 2

HCF/District Court Appeal No 16 of 2018

Between

ULV

… Appellant

And

ULW

… Respondent

In the matter of FC/Suit No 4 of 2017

Between

ULV

… Plaintiff

And

ULW

… Defendant

judgment

[Succession and Wills] — [Revocation] — [Later instrument]  
[Succession and Wills] — [Testamentary capacity]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
ULV

  
v

  

ULW

[2019] SGHCF 2

High Court — HCF/District Court Appeal No 16 of 2018  
Tan Puay Boon JC  
14 August, 5 September 2018

9 January 2019 Judgment reserved.

Tan Puay Boon JC:

Introduction

1 The parties to the appeal are brothers. Their mother, [T], passed away in
2016, having executed two wills, one on 13 December 2004 and one on 7 June
2008. I will refer to these as “the 2004 Will” and “the 2008 Will”
respectively. The appellant propounds the 2008 Will and the respondent
propounds the 2004 Will. It is not disputed that the 2004 Will is valid; the
only question is whether it has been revoked by the 2008 Will.

2 The District Judge decided that the 2008 Will was not valid and therefore
did not revoke the 2004 Will. Having considered the relevant facts and
circumstances of the case, I agree with her decision on the basis that it has
not been proved that [T] knew and approved of the contents of the 2008 Will.
The reasons for my decision are set out herein.

Facts

The two wills

3 The testatrix, [T], was born in 1929 and died a widow on 3 August 2016. She
was succeeded by her five children: [L], a daughter, and [K], [J], the
appellant and the respondent, all sons. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s Case at para 2.

Besides [T]’s children, evidence was also received from two of [K]’s
daughters, [N] and [C], as well as [T]’s caregiver. It is generally agreed
that [C] was [T]’s favourite granddaughter. [C], though not [N], was a
beneficiary under the 2004 Will and was also mentioned in the 2008 Will.

4 In 2004, [T] went by herself to M/s K K Yap & Partners. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

[C]’s testimony in NE (26 January 2018) at p 5 lines 1–4 (ROA Vol 3, p 648).

She had previously told [C] of her intention to make a will, and [C] wrote the
beneficiaries’ names on a piece of paper for [T] because [T] would otherwise
not be able to spell them as she was illiterate. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

[C]’s testimony in NE (26 January 2018) at p 8 line 19 – p 9 line 25 (ROA Vol
3, pp 651–652).

[C] was overseas at the time the 2004 Will was made but [T] showed it to her
subsequently when she visited home. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

[C]’s testimony in NE (26 January) at pp 14–15 (ROA Vol 3, pp 657–658).

The 2004 Will states: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROA Vol 4, pp 1063–1065.

1\. I appoint my son, [the respondent] to be my Executor and Trustees(“my
Trustee”) of this my Will.

…

3\. Subject to the payment of my just debts, funeral and testamentary expenses
and all estate duties on any legacies or annuity given or on any gift made
free of duty, I GIVE DEVISE and BEQUEATH all my movable and immovable property
whatsoever and wheresoever not hereby or by any codicil hereto specifically
disposed of including any property (both real or personal) over which I may
have a general appointment or disposition by Will to my Trustee UPON TRUST to
sell, call in and convert the same with power to postpone such sale, calling
in and conversion for so long as my Trustee shall think fit without being
liable for loss.

4\. My Trustee shall stand possessed of the moneys arising therefrom together
with any ready monies forming part of my estate UPON TRUST for the following
beneficiaries in the following shares, namely:-

(a) 12.5% to my daughter, [L];

(b) 12.5% to my son, [K];

(c) 37.5% to my son, [the respondent];

(d) 12.5% to my son, [J];

(e) 12.5% to my son, [the appellant]; and

(f) 12.5% to my granddaughter, [C]

…

[emphasis in original]

5 The 2004 Will was stored in [T]’s security box at the respondent’s house,
where she also kept her jewellery, other valuable possessions and important
documents, such as certificates for fixed deposits. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

The respondent’s AEIC, Exhibit “KKY-X07”, para 2.4 (ROA Vol 5, p 1202); [C]’s
testimony in NE (26 January 2018) at p 96 lines 14–23 (ROA Vol 3, p 739).

Nobody else had a key to this security box and [C] was the only person who
knew the combination code. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

The respondent’s AEIC, Exhibit “KKY-X07”, para 2.3 (ROA Vol 5, p 1202); [C]’s
testimony in NE (26 January 2018) at p 17 lines 8–10 (ROA Vol 3, p 660).

6 [T]’s husband passed away on 22 August 2007. Sometime in early 2008, [T]
received news that her flat was subject to the Housing Development Board
(“HDB”)’s Selective En Bloc Redevelopment Scheme, and that the replacement
flat would be at Blk 79B Toa Payoh Central (“the Flat”). [T] then approached
some of her children individually, including the appellant, the respondent and
[K], to invite them to move into the Flat with her. (There is a dispute about
whether she approached the appellant first or last, but nothing turns on
this.) [T] offered to let [K] stay in the Flat either on condition that he pay
rent of $500, or purchase the flat from her directly. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE (25 January 2018) at pp 28–29, p 53 lines 17–23 (ROA Vol 3, pp 588–589).

According to the respondent, the condition was that he pay reasonable rent and
help to pay for utilities. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

The respondent’s AEIC at para 6 (ROA Vol 5, p 1077).

Both the respondent and [K] declined [T]’s offer. Eventually, [T] agreed to
let the appellant and his family move into the Flat on condition that he give
[T] the proceeds from the sale of his own HDB flat in Tampines, which were
estimated at about $120,000 to $130,000. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

[C]’s and [N]’s joint affidavit, para 4(g) (ROA Vol 6, p 1411); [C]’s AEIC at
para 15 (ROA Vol 5, p 1303); Appellant’s Case at paras 3–4 and 48.

[T] moved into the Flat in April 2008 and the appellant and his family joined
her sometime in May 2008. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Appellant’s Case at para 5.

It is undisputed that the appellant never paid [T] the proceeds of sale of his
Tampines flat. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

[C]’s AEIC at para 15(c) (ROA Vol 5, p 1303); [C]’s testimony in NE (26
January 2018) at p 23 line 24 – p 24 line 13; p 90 lines 29–32; p 94 line 26 –
p 95 line 22 (ROA Vol 3, pp 666–667, 733, 737–738).

It appears that [T]’s relationship with the appellant deteriorated after they
began living together in 2008. I elaborate on this later on in the judgment.

7 On 7 June 2008, [T] executed the 2008 Will at the office of M/s K K Yap &
Partners, which was by then known as LawHub LLC. The 2008 Will was drafted by
Ms Neo Shien Ching (“Ms Neo”). Ms Neo did not enquire as to whether there was
any previous will, though she claimed that it was her usual practice to
emphasise to the testator that the will would revoke all former wills. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE (22 January 2018) p 104 line 21 – p 105 line 17 (ROA Vol 1, pp 148–149).

The 2008 Will states: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROA Vol 4, pp 990–991.

1\. I appoint my son, [the appellant] to be the sole Executor and Trustee (“my
Trustee”) of this my Will.

…

3\. I wish to transfer my property ownership at [the Flat] to my son [the
appellant].

4\. In exchange for the transfer abovementioned, I wish that my said son, [the
appellant] to distribute S$130,000.00 from his own funds to the following:

(a) [L] for the sum of S$20,000.00

(b) [K] for the sum of S$20,000.00

(c) [the respondent] for the sum of S$50,000.00

(d) [J] for the sum of S$20,000.00

(e) [C] for the sum of S$20,000.00

5\. Subject to the payment of my just debts, funeral and testamentary expenses
and all estate duties on any legacies or annuity given or on any gift made
free of duty, I GIVE DEVISE and BEQUEATH all my cash in hand including savings
and current accounts, fixed deposits with any bank or financial institution,
stocks, shares and debentures which I may be possessed or to which I may be
entitled at my death, and all my movable and immovable property including my
property at [the Flat] whatsoever and wheresoever not hereby or by any codicil
hereto specifically disposed of including any property over which I may have a
general appointment or disposition by Will to my said son, [the appellant] for
his sole use and benefit absolutely.

[emphasis in original]

8 The appellant was present when the 2008 Will was made. The will was kept in
his custody until after [T]’s death. The other siblings deny all knowledge of
the 2008 Will throughout this period, though the appellant claims that his
brothers [K] and [J] knew of it. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Appellant’s Case at para 10; NE (23 January 2018) at p 74 lines 23–29 (ROA Vol
2, p 319).

9 [T] passed away on 3 August 2016. The family met at [K]’s home on 19 August
2016, where the respondent produced the 2004 Will. The appellant then produced
the 2008 Will, which appeared to take the other family members by surprise.
The proceedings below were commenced on 13 March 2017.

The 2011 Document

10 When the appellant produced the 2008 Will, it was attached to another piece
of paper. This was a document which had been prepared by [J] and which was
signed by [T] in his and the appellant’s presence on 23 July 2011 (“the 2011
Document”). It states: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROA Vol 4, p 1000.

I, [T] HEREBY DECLARE that I wish to transfer my property ownership at [the
Flat] to my youngest son [the appellant].

In exchange for the transfer property abovementioned.

I have received from my said son, [the appellant] an amount CASH for the sum
of S$150,000.00 for his sole use and benefit absolutely.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand this 23th day of July 2011.

11 The document was signed by the appellant and by [J] as witness. It also
bore a thumbprint over the words “SIGNED BY the abovenamed [T] As having
received S$150,000.00 CASH from said son [the appellant] to transfer her
property of [the Flat]”. This was annotated with the following handwritten
words: “In the presence of us both we being both present at the same time
having read over and explained to her in Hokkien dialect wherein she
understand and approve the contents.”

12 The evidence surrounding the 2011 Document is very unclear. [J] admitted to
having prepared the document. He confirmed that the signature was his and that
he had penned the handwritten clause at the foot of the 2011 Document. [J]
claimed that, a few days before the 2011 Document was signed, the appellant
called him and said that [T] had been chasing him for money. The appellant
said he had borrowed $150,000 to pay [T], but was afraid that [T] would
subsequently deny having received that money. [J] therefore did a Google
search for “some template” and the appellant told him to write that the
payment would be in exchange for the Flat. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE (29 January 2018) at p 15 line 7 – p 16 line 29 (ROA Vol 4, pp 818–819).

13 [J] said that he witnessed [T] receiving $150,000 from the appellant,
though he could not remember if this was received in cash or by cheque. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE (29 January 2018) at p 30 lines 9–13 (ROA Vol 4, p 833).

The respondent does not dispute that the sum of $150,000 was in fact received
by [T]. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE (29 January 2018) at p 71 lines 16–19 (ROA Vol 4, p 874); Minute Sheet
dated 14 August 2018, p 2.

([L] also testified to having received $20,000 from [T], though she did not
know if this was from the $150,000 which the appellant gave [T], and was not
asked when she had received it. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE (24 January 2018) at p 151 lines 18–32 (ROA Vol 2, p 544).

None of the other witnesses testified to receiving sums of money from [T] out
of the $150,000 which the appellant had given her.) [J] said he did not know
how much the appellant owed [T] or what the money was being paid for. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE (29 January 2018) at p 14 line 18 – p 19 line 11 (ROA Vol 4, pp 821).

It was “possible” that the sum of $150,000 was payment for the Flat. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE (29 January 2018) at p 24 lines 2–3 (ROA Vol 4, p 827).

It is also unclear how to reconcile [J]’s evidence that he had prepared the
2011 Document with his evidence that the appellant was the one who brought the
2011 Document to meet [T] and [J]. According to [J], the appellant asked them
to sign the 2011 Document without explaining the contents or giving them a
chance to examine it. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE (29 January 2018) at p 30 line 29 – p 31 line 21, p 33 lines 23–24 (ROA Vol
4, pp 833–834).

I should also add that the appellant’s pleadings did not include any claim for
this $150,000 in the event the 2008 Will was not upheld.

14 It should be noted that the handwritten clause at the foot of the 2011
Document is nearly identical to the following clause in the 2008 Will:

SIGNED BY the abovenamed [T] as her Last Will and Testament in the presence of
us both we being both present at the same time (the same having been read over
and explained to her by the undersigned [Ms Neo] in the Hokkien dialect
wherein she appeared to understand and approve the contents thereof) who at
the request in her sight and in the presence of each other have hereunto
subscribed our names as witnesses …

15 However, [J] denied having copied the clause from the 2008 Will. He said he
did not know about the 2008 Will until [T] passed away, and that he had copied
the clause “blindly” from the Internet after making a Google search for “some
kind of IOU transfer of … property”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE (29 January 2018) at p 22 lines 12 – p 25 line 27 (ROA Vol 4, pp 825–828).

He also denied that [T] wanted to transfer the Flat to the appellant, even
though that is the apparent import of the 2011 Document. [J] claimed that he
copied the other provisions of the 2011 Document “blindly from the Internet”
and that it was just an IOU note to enable the appellant to reclaim the
$150,000 if [T] subsequently denied receiving it. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE (29 January 2018) at p 35 lines 3–15 (ROA Vol 4, p 838).

The District Judge did not make any findings regarding the 2011 Document.

16 I now briefly outline the parties’ cases before summarising the reasons for
the District Judge’s decision.

The parties’ cases

17 The appellant propounded the 2008 Will and submitted that it accurately
expressed [T]’s intentions. He claimed that [T] intended to give the Flat to
him in exchange for $130,000, and that [T] chose to effect this arrangement by
way of a testamentary disposition because the appellant could not be included
as an owner of the Flat as he had already previously enjoyed two housing
subsidies. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 25–26.

The appellant also submitted that [T] understood the effect of the 2008 Will
as it was not the first time she was making a testamentary disposition, knew
and approved of its contents, and did not make it under undue influence or the
effects of fraud. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 31–32 and 37; Statement of Claim at paras 10–12 (ROA
Vol 6 pp 1322–1324).

Further, [T] was strong-minded and independent. Her decision to will the Flat
to the appellant, provided that he distribute $130,000 amongst her other
children and eldest granddaughter, was in line with her tendency to favour the
appellant and to look after and aid her children. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 38–41.

[T]’s outbursts of anger towards the appellant were likely the result of [T]’s
other children pressurising her to obtain more money from him. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Appellant’s Case at para 57.

The appellant also relied on the 2011 Document as evidence that [T] intended
the appellant to acquire the Flat. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Appellant’s Case at para 52.

18 The respondent mounted five challenges to the validity of the 2008 Will:
(1) that [T] had no testamentary capacity at the time the 2008 Will was
executed; (2) that [T] did not know or approve of the contents of the 2008
Will; (3) that the 2008 Will was executed under the appellant’s undue
influence; (4) that the 2008 Will was not valid because it lacked the
essential characteristic of revocability; and (5) that the 2008 Will was void
for illegality because it sought to disguise what was in substance the sale of
the Flat so as to avoid stamp duties and HDB levies. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at paras 3(i), 3(iv), 6, 7, 8 (ROA
Vol 6 p 1339–1341, 1345); Respondent’s Case at paras 2.5, 4.0, 4.3 and 5.0.

The respondent emphasised that there was extreme animosity between the
appellant and [T] and that the 2008 Will could not have represented [T]’s
testamentary wishes. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 7 (ROA Vol 6 pp 1342–1344).

The District Judge’s decision

19 The District Judge framed the key issues as (1) [T]’s understanding of the
consequences of her instructions to her solicitor, and (2) whether the
appellant had exercised pressure on [T] resulting in the execution of the 2008
Will (ULV v ULW [2018] SGFC 44 (“the GD”) at [16]). The District Judge found
that the 2008 Will was not valid, though the precise grounds for her finding
are not entirely clear.

20 First, the District Judge pointed out the imprecision of the 2008 Will and
observed that there appeared to have been no real discussion between Ms Neo
and [T] regarding the difficulties posed by [T]’s instructions and the lack of
clarity of the drafted clauses (the GD at [21] and [24]). The lack of
discussion put [T]’s understanding of the contents of the 2008 Will in doubt
(the GD at [25]).

21 The District Judge accepted that [T] had testamentary capacity at the time
of executing the 2008 Will. She also correctly recognised that this would
ordinarily give rise to a rebuttable presumption that [T] knew and approved of
the contents of the 2008 Will. However, that presumption did not arise when
there were circumstances surrounding the execution which would raise a well-
grounded suspicion that the will did not express the mind of the testatrix
(the GD at [26]). It was the District Judge’s view that the circumstances
surrounding the execution of the 2008 Will pointed to a situation where [T],
“in her haste to recover monies which she believed the plaintiff owed her,
entered into some form of understanding and one of the acts to further her
haste to recover such monies, was to transfer the HDB flat to him” (the GD at
[27]). In particular, there was initially an agreement between [T] and the
appellant for the appellant to give [T] money in exchange for permission to
stay with her (the GD at [27(i)]). However, it appeared that this
understanding was not honoured, causing [T] to behave hostilely towards the
appellant (the GD at [27(iv)]). The District Judge also observed that the
circumstances regarding the preparation and execution of the 2008 Will stood
in sharp contrast to those regarding the 2004 Will and were incongruous with
the way in which [T] treated her descendants (the GD at [27(v)] and [27(vi)]).
Finally, the District Judge thought that the terms of the 2008 Will were
constrained by the appellant’s financial means and therefore had not been
executed by [T] “with a free mind and spirit”. For a will to be a true
reflection of the testator’s intentions, it had to be made “free from
pressure”, which was not the case here (the GD at [27(viii)]).

22 Having articulated these considerations, the District Judge stated that “it
[could not] safely be concluded [that the 2008 Will was] one which reflects
the true will of the testatrix”. She therefore found that the 2008 Will was
not valid and the 2004 Will had not been revoked (the GD at [29]).

My decision

23 It is settled law that for a will to be found valid, three elements must be
satisfied: the testator must (a) have the mental capacity to make a will; (b)
have knowledge and approval of the contents of the will; and (c) be free from
undue influence or the effects of fraud (Chee Mu Lin Muriel v Chee Ka Lin
Caroline (Chee Ping Chian Alexander and another, interveners) [2010] 4 SLR 373
(“Muriel Chee”) at [37]). It is also well-established that a will must be
revocable and take effect upon the testator’s death (Theobald on Wills (John G
Ross Martyn et al eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2016) (“Theobald on Wills”)
at para 1-001).

24 The legal burden of propounding a will lies in every case upon the party
propounding the will (Muriel Chee at [40], [46] and [52]; Theobald on Wills
(15th Ed, 2001) at pp 35–38, cited in R Mahendran and another v R
Arumuganathan [1999] 2 SLR(R) 166 (“Mahendran”) at [15]). In this case, the
respondent argues that [T] lacked testamentary capacity; did not have
knowledge of and did not approve the contents of the 2008 Will; and executed
the 2008 Will under undue influence. He also argues that the 2008 Will was not
revocable, and that it was invalid because it sought to cheat the Inland
Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) of stamp duty and HDB of levies
payable on transfer. I address these arguments in turn.

Testamentary capacity

Legal principles

25 The propounder of a will bears the legal burden of proving testamentary
capacity (Muriel Chee at [40]). The essential requisites of testamentary
capacity are that: (i) the testator understands the nature of the act and what
its consequences are; (ii) he knows the extent of his property of which he is
disposing; (iii) he knows who his beneficiaries are and can appreciate their
claims to his property; and (iv) he is free from an abnormal state of mind
(eg, delusions) that might distort feelings or judgments relevant to making
the will (Muriel Chee at [37], citing Banks v Goodfellow (1870) LR 5 QB 549
(“Banks v Goodfellow”) at 565). As regards the first requirement, the testator
need not be able to “view his will with the eye of a lawyer” or “comprehend
its provisions in their legal form”; it suffices if “he has such a mind and
memory as will enable him to understand the elements of which it is composed,
and the disposition of his property in its simple forms” (Banks v Goodfellow
at 567). It should also be noted that the capacity to make a will may vary
depending on the complexity of the testator’s affairs and family situation,
and on whether the will is a simple or complicated one. This is stated in
Theobald on Wills, a treatise cited by the appellant, at para 3-002, and is
further supported by Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 15 (LexisNexis, 2016
Reissue) (“Halsbury’s”) at para 190.190. In determining testamentary capacity,
the court must consider the totality of the evidence as a whole, including
both the factual component (including evidence of friends and relatives who
had the opportunity to observe the testator) and the medical component, and
generally accord equal weight to both types of evidence so long as both the
factual and medical witnesses had the opportunity to observe the testator at
the material time (Muriel Chee at [38]).

26 Testamentary capacity will generally be presumed when the will was duly
executed in ordinary circumstances where the testator was not known to be
suffering from any kind of mental disability. One indication of testamentary
capacity is the rationality of the will, having regard to its terms and the
identities of the beneficiaries (Muriel Chee at [40], citing George Abraham
Vadakathu v Jacob George [2009] 3 SLR(R) 631 at [33]–[36] and [67]). Theobald
on Wills states at para 3-010 that if a duly executed will is rational on its
face, the testator is presumed to have had testamentary capacity.

27 Having set out the applicable legal principles, I turn now to the evidence.
In my view there is insufficient evidence that [T] lacked testamentary
capacity.

The family members’ evidence

28 At the time the 2008 Will was executed, [T] was nearly 80 years old. The
respondent and his witnesses testified that, at the time, [T] was illiterate,
short-sighted, short of hearing, had a history of illness and “had very poor
mental recognition”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

[K]’s AEIC at para 3 (ROA Vol 5, p 1309); [J]’s AEIC at para 3 (ROA Vol 5, p
1241); [C]’s AEIC at para 15(c) (ROA Vol 5, p 1304).

[J] explained that what he meant by “poor mental recognition” was that [T]
would always repeat herself. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE (26 January 2018) at p 140 line 2 (ROA Vol 3, p 783).

[K] similarly elaborated that [T]’s memory was failing and deteriorating from
the age of about 71 or 72 (ie, 2000/2001) until her death, and she would often
forget what she had said earlier. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE (24 January 2018) at p 55 line 20 – p 56 line 6 (ROA Vol 2, pp 448–449).

[C] testified that [T] was lucid until she was about 74 or 75 and that, after
that, [T] began repeating herself a lot. She was allegedly very forgetful from
2013 onwards. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE (26 January 2018) at p 21 lines 3–26 and p 72 line 17 – p 73 line 18 (ROA
Vol 3, pp 664, 715–716).

However, I do not think that mere bodily ill-health and imperfect memory are
sufficient to vitiate testamentary capacity. I am supported in this view by G
Raman, Probate and Administration in Singapore and Malaysia (LexisNexis, 3rd
Ed, 2012) at p 32, citing Lee Ing Chin @ Lee Teck Seng & Ors v Gan Yuok Chin &
Anor [2003] 2 MLJ 97 at 144.

29 More pertinently, both [K] and [L] testified that [T] told them that the
appellant had asked her to sign a piece of paper the contents of which she did
not understand. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE (24 January 2018) at p 74 lines 11–20 (ROA Vol 2, p 467); NE (24 January
2018) at p 126 lines 27–29 (ROA Vol 2, p 519).

However, it is not clear that the document [T] was referring to was the 2008
Will; she may, for example, have been referring to the 2011 Document. [L] did
not say when [T] told her this. [K] claimed that [T] mentioned this to him
after a visit to HDB, but there was some doubt about when this visit happened.
[K]’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) originally stated that the visit
to HDB occurred in 2011–2012, but during his evidence-in-chief [K] corrected
this to 2009. [K] gave no explanation for the amendment save to say that it
had taken him more than a year to recollect the correct date. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE (25 January 2018) at p 63 line 11 (ROA Vol 3, p 623).

[J] also alluded to [K] bringing [T] to HDB because she was worried about the
Flat, but estimated that this occurred “maybe after 2011”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE (29 January 2018) at p 58 lines 5–14 (ROA Vol 4, p 861).

If the visit to HDB occurred in 2011–2012, it is possible that the document
[T] was referring to was the 2011 Document rather than the 2008 Will.

30 Moreover, the following passage from [K]’s cross-examination suggests that
[T] was lucid as of 2009: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE (24 January 2018) at p 75 lines 12–24 (ROA Vol 2, p 468).

Q: … If---if your---if your mother was so concerned that she have been tricked
because she signed the piece of paper, did you---did you or any of your
brothers bring her to see a lawyer to---to get the---a will done after 2009?

Interpreter: “Well, we were of the view that everything that my mother did she
was well aware and she take”---

A: (speaking in a different language) “well aware” [as spoken by Witness].

…

A: Everything my mother did she would---she wouldn’t it---even when my mother
was young, she had always been like that. She would just do things the way she
wanted. Whether it was right or wrong for her to do it, it doesn’t matter.

31 There was also evidence that [T] visited a medical institution for
treatment on more than 300 occasions after June 2008. She would usually take a
bus there on her own, although occasionally the respondent would send her.
This shows that she was sufficiently lucid to navigate her surroundings
independently. Sometimes she would even reject the respondent’s offers to send
her by car, insisting on making her own way to the medical institution so as
to be there early. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

The respondent’s testimony in NE (30 January 2018) at p 2 line 6 – p 4 line 16
(ROA Vol 4, pp 934–936).

[T]’s conduct after 2008 – for example getting one of her sons to drive her to
HDB so that she could ascertain the legal ownership of the Flat – also shows
that she was lucid well after the execution of the 2008 Will.

Ms Neo’s evidence

32 Ms Neo, the solicitor who had taken [T]’s instructions in 2008 and drafted
the 2008 Will, deposed that throughout her meeting with [T], [T] “appeared
lucid and sound of mind” and “was able to comprehend information, make
decisions, and to communicate her desires and wishes”. She also testified
during the trial that [T] appeared to understand the will. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ms Neo’s AEIC at para 7 (ROA Vol 4, p 1050); NE (22 January 2018) pp 77–78
(ROA Vol 1, pp 121–122).

While the respondent made much of Ms Neo’s use of the phrase “appeared to
understand” as opposed to simply “understood”, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Respondent’s Case at p 34.

I agree with the District Judge’s analysis at [21] of the GD regarding the
meaning of that phrase.

Dr Koh’s evidence

33 Evidence was received from Dr Koh Jan Ming Ian (“Dr Koh”), a doctor at Toa
Payoh Polyclinic and [T]’s family doctor. [T] was a patient at this polyclinic
from November 2000 to December 2015. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Dr Koh’s AEIC, para 3 (ROA Vol 5, p 1289) and Medical Report at para 1 (ROA
Vol 5, p 1292).

She had a history of chronic medical problems including hypertension, diabetes
and hyperlipidaemia. She was also assessed to have low cognitive function
because she scored 5 out of 10 on the Abbreviated Mental Test (“AMT”)
administered to her on 8 October 2015. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Dr Koh’s AEIC, para 4 (ROA Vol 5, p 1290) and Medical Report at para 8 (ROA
Vol 4, p 1293).

Dr Koh explained at trial that the AMT was a questionnaire. The patient would
be asked, for example, to give his or her home address, age and date of birth;
who the current Prime Minister was; to count down from twenty to one; and to
remember a specific phrase and then recount it a few questions later. If all
the questions were answered correctly, the patient would score 10 out of 10.
Dr Koh explained that if a patient scored 7 out of 10 or lower, he or she
would be suspected of having cognitive impairment. However, this was only a
screening questionnaire and not used to diagnose cognitive impairment or to
assess the severity of cognitive impairment, so Dr Koh was unable to confirm
whether [T] was cognitively impaired. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE (25 January 2018) at p 9 line 14 – p 11 line 11, p 16 lines 9–13 (ROA Vol
3, pp 569–571, 576).

34 Importantly, Dr Koh testified that he remembered [T] “very clearly” from
September to December 2015. She was not screened formally but based on
clinical observation, there was nothing prompting Dr Koh to suspect she had
any cognitive difficulties. She could communicate with Dr Koh well and could
explain her reasons for her actions. As late as 2014 she was “definitely”
lucid. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE (25 January 2018) at p 14 line 13 – p 15 line 25 (ROA Vol 3, pp 574–575).

35 Given the evidence that I have summarised above, I do not think it can be
said that [T] probably lacked testamentary capacity at the time of the 2008
Will. I now turn to the requirement of knowledge and approval.

Knowledge and approval of the contents of the 2008 Will

Legal principles

36 The testator must know and approve the contents of the will. “[A] will must
be the result of a testator’s own intelligence and volition, though its
contents need not originate from the testator provided he understands and
approves them” (Theobald on Wills at para 3-017; the same is stated in Roger
Kerridge, Parry and Kerridge: The Law of Succession (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed,
2016) (“Parry and Kerridge”) at para 5-24). The test for approval and
knowledge, as stated in Theobald on Wills at para 3-017 (citing the English
Court of Appeal’s decision of Gill v Woodall [2011] Ch 380 (“Gill v Woodall”))
is whether the testator understood (a) what was in the will when he signed it;
and (b) what its effect would be. This requirement is also sometimes described
by saying that the will must reflect the true intentions of the testator
(Muriel Chee at [49], citing Fuller v Strum [2002] 1 WLR 1097 at [65]; Gill v
Woodall at [14]). However, the testator need not comprehend the full effect of
the words used in the will, and the will may be valid even if he was mistaken
as to the legal effect of the provisions (Theobald on Wills at para 3-018;
Halsbury’s at para 190.194).

37 Once testamentary capacity is established, a rebuttable presumption arises
that the testator knew and approved the contents of the will and the
evidential burden shifts to the opponent of the will to rebut this
presumption. This presumption, however, will not operate where there were
circumstances attending or relating to the preparation and execution of the
will which would raise a well-grounded suspicion that the will did not express
the mind of the testator (Muriel Chee at [46]; Lian Kok Hong v Lian Bee Leng
[2016] 3 SLR 405 (“Lian Kok Hong”) at [65]). In that regard, the applicable
principles are as follows:

(a) Any circumstances which have nothing to do with the preparation and
execution of the will are to be disregarded (Lian Kok Hong at [58] and [59]).
While conduct subsequent to the preparation and execution of the will may be
taken into account, such conduct “must have a direct bearing on whether the
testator knew and approved of the contents of the will” (Lian Kok Hong at [60]
and [63]). I understand this to mean that subsequent conduct is only relevant
in so far as it constitutes evidence of the contemporaneous circumstances
relating to the preparation and execution of the will.

(b) There is no magic formula (comprising a certain fixed number of factors or
criteria) to ascertain whether the circumstances surrounding a will are
suspicious. The degree of suspicion will vary with the circumstances of the
case (Muriel Chee at [47]).

(c) An example of a suspicious circumstance is where a will was prepared by a
person who takes a substantial benefit under it, or who procured its
execution, such as by suggesting the terms to the testator or instructing a
solicitor to draft the will which is then executed by the testator alone
(Muriel Chee at [48]).

(d) Where suspicious circumstances exist, the propounder of the will must
prove on a balance of probabilities that the testator knew and approved of the
contents of the will by adducing affirmative evidence of the testator’s
knowledge and approval. The greater the degree of suspicion, the stronger the
affirmative proof of the testator’s knowledge and approval must be to dispel
the suspicion (Lian Kok Hong at [70]; Mahendran at [15], cited in Muriel Chee
at [46]; Theobald on Wills at para 3-024). The court will typically look for
evidence that the testamentary instrument was read over by, or to, the
testator, or evidence that the testator gave instructions for the drafting of
the will and that the will was drafted in accordance with those instructions
(Muriel Chee at [48], citing Barry v Butlin (1838) 2 Moo PC 480 (“Barry v
Butlin”) at 483–485). Under ordinary circumstances, the reading of a will to a
testator not suffering from any mental infirmity would be sufficient evidence
of his understanding or knowledge of the contents (Muriel Chee at [56]).
Proving that the terms of the will were read to or explained to the testator
is “the best way to show that the testator understood the terms of the will
(assuming he had testamentary capacity and his mind was not unduly influenced
by some part or event)” (Lian Kok Hong at [72]), though it is not the only way
(Barry v Butlin at 485–486).

38 Given my finding that [T] had testamentary capacity at the time of making
the 2008 Will, she is also presumed to have known and approved of its
contents. The first question is then whether there are suspicious
circumstances that would displace this presumption.

Whether there were suspicious circumstances

39 It appears that the District Judge found that the presumption that the
testator knew and approved of the contents of the 2008 Will did not arise due
to suspicious circumstances (the GD at [26]–[27]). However, some of the points
made at [27] of the GD – for example that the 2008 Will was kept in the
appellant’s custody, and the lock-out incident in 2010 (see [51] below) – do
not relate to the preparation and execution of the will, and therefore are not
the type of suspicious circumstances that can prevent the presumption from
arising (see [37(a)] above).

40 In my view, the only apparent suspicious circumstance which relates to the
preparation and execution of the will is that the appellant, who is the sole
beneficiary under the 2008 Will, was present at the signing of the 2008 Will.
He stood to receive the greatest pecuniary gain under the 2008 Will, even if
he were to comply with [T]’s “wish” by distributing $130,000 from his own
funds to the persons listed in the will. However, the appellant’s mere
presence at the time the 2008 Will was prepared and signed is not sufficient
to constitute a suspicious circumstance; it must be shown that he somehow
influenced the contents of the will, for example by suggesting terms to [T] or
instructing Ms Neo (see [37(c)] above). But Ms Neo’s evidence is that she took
instructions from [T] directly in Hokkien. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Ms Neo’s AEIC at paras 4–5 (ROA Vol 4, p 1049).

I therefore do not count the appellant’s presence as a suspicious
circumstance.

Whether the presumption has been rebutted

41 The next question is whether the presumption of knowledge and approval has
been rebutted on the evidence. I consider that it has, for two main reasons.
The first is that the provisions of the 2008 Will are on their face
contradictory and the evidence does not satisfy me that they were explained
to, understood by and approved by [T]. The second is that [T]’s conduct
towards the appellant and her conversations with other family members suggest
that she did not fully grasp the provisions of the 2008 Will, in particular
that the appellant would inherit the Flat upon her death. I elaborate on these
in turn.

(1) The contents of the 2008 Will

42 The terms of the 2008 Will were drafted curiously. The legal difficulties
are described in the GD at [18] and [24]. Chief among these is the fact that
the Flat appears twice in the 2008 Will. First the Will states at cll 3–4 that
[T] “wish[es]” to transfer ownership of the Flat to the appellant “in exchange
for” him distributing $130,000 from his own funds to the listed persons. This
makes it sound as though the Flat is a conditional gift, ie, a gift which
fails if the specified condition fails to materialise (Parry and Kerridge at
para 3-11; Halsbury’s at para 190.228). However, the Flat is then included in
the residuary clause, which means that the appellant would acquire the Flat
even if the condition is not met. The 2008 Will therefore purports to dispose
of the Flat in two inconsistent ways. If all the provisions of the 2008 Will
are given effect, then the Flat would be included in the residuary estate
addressed in cl 5. This means that the appellant would acquire the Flat even
if he does not satisfy cl 4. This would be a perverse outcome, since it
removes any incentive for the appellant to comply with [T]’s wishes. It is
very doubtful that this is what [T] intended, and suggests that [T] did not
know or approve of these terms.

43 Since [T] was illiterate and did not speak English, she would have depended
entirely on Ms Neo to communicate the effect of the provisions of the 2008
Will to her in Hokkien. Ms Neo gave evidence that before affixing her
signature as witness to the 2008 Will, she “explained the contents of the 2008
Will to [T] in the Hokkien dialect” and that [T] “appeared to understand the
same, and confirmed that those were her testamentary wishes before signing”.
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Ms Neo’s AEIC at para 7 (ROA Vol 4, p 1050).

She also said that as a matter of practice, she would “make sure [testators]
understand” in “whatever dialect” before they signed. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE (22 January 2018) at p 145 lines 22–30 (ROA Vol 1, p 189).

Ordinarily, proving that the will was explained to a testator is strong
evidence that the testator knew and approved of its contents (see [37(d)]
above). However, I am doubtful that the provisions of the 2008 Will were
explained meaningfully to [T], for the following reasons.

44 Ms Neo was unable to reconcile or explain the two contradictory provisions
in the 2008 Will regarding the Flat. Her own evidence regarding [T]’s
instructions simply perpetuated the contradiction. In her AEIC, to which she
appended her minutes from her meeting with [T], Ms Neo described [T]’s
instructions as follows: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Ms Neo’s AEIC at para 5 (ROA Vol 4, pp 1049 and 1055); see also NE (22 January
2018) at p 84 lines 10–16 and p 95 lines 1–8 (ROA Vol 1, pp 128 and 139).

[T] communicated to me in the Hokkien dialect her testamentary wishes, which
were, in substance, that “I want to transfer my property ownership to my son
[the appellant] and to have the said property registered in his name. In
exchange for the transfer abovementioned, I want my said son [the appellant]
to distribute equally $130,000.00 from his own funds to the following”. The
list of beneficiaries and amounts due to them were produced by [T] and [the
appellant]. [emphasis added]

45 Ms Neo’s minutes of her meeting with [T] reproduce these instructions. The
most sensible and straightforward interpretation of the italicised words is
that the transfer of the Flat to the appellant was to be conditional upon his
distributing the sum of $130,000. Indeed, the appellant himself submits that
cll 3 and 4 express [T]’s testamentary intentions, such that the distribution
of $130,000 is a condition precedent to the gift of the Flat. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 19 and 25.

However, during cross-examination, Ms Neo said she was “very sure” it was
[T]’s intention to confer the Flat on the appellant, which was why she had
specifically repeated it in cl 5. She wanted “to make sure that it’s very,
very clear”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE (22 January 2018) at p 99 lines 17–23 (ROA Vol 1, p 143).

46 Ms Neo made no other attempt to explain the obvious tension between cll 3
and 4 on one hand and cl 5 on the other, or how the operation of cll 3–5 would
realise [T]’s intentions. This indicates to me that Ms Neo had not applied her
mind carefully to their effect and operation. In that case, Ms Neo would not
have discussed the same with [T], and [T] would not have known or approved of
the contents of the 2008 Will. Indeed, the minutes which Ms Neo recorded from
her meeting with [T] comprise only a perfunctory record of [T]’s instructions.
The minutes do not record Ms Neo explaining the 2008 Will back to [T] or
discussing the meaning or consequences of its terms, particularly the
inconsistency between cll 3 and 5. This was despite the fact that, as the
District Judge observed at [24] of the GD, Ms Neo considered this to be an
“unusual” will and did not follow the “standard format”. If this was a simple
and ordinary will, Ms Neo said she would have gotten her secretary to draft
it. Ms Neo instead took it upon herself to draft the will because it was not
simple. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE (22 January 2018) at p 58 lines 6–19, p 64 lines 13–24, p 73 lines 24–29, p
194 lines 20–31 (ROA Vol 1, pp 102, 108, 117, 238).

Despite this, she does not appear to have discussed the effect of these
clauses with [T] in any real depth.

47 My doubts regarding Ms Neo’s evidence that [T] understood the 2008 Will are
further compounded by the fact that its terms do not seem to give effect to
the instructions which Ms Neo recorded in her minutes of meeting. Besides the
contradiction between cll 3–4 and 5, the minutes record that the sum of
$130,000 was to be divided “equally” between the relevant persons. But the
2008 Will gave the respondent more than twice as large a portion from the
$130,000 as each of the other persons named. This means that either Ms Neo’s
record of [T]’s instructions was inaccurate, or she did not draft the 2008
Will in accordance with them.

48 Besides Ms Neo’s minutes of meeting and her evidence regarding her usual
practice when preparing a will for a client, Ms Neo could not recall any of
the details of her meeting with [T]. She was unable to recall who (besides T)
was present when the will was prepared, whether [T] had made a prior
appointment, what time they met or how long it took her to draft the will. She
said, “10 years ago I definitely cannot remember. I---I don’t even know who
are they.” 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE (22 January 2018) at p 59 (ROA Vol 1, p 103).

While Ms Neo cannot be faulted for being unable to recollect events which
transpired more than a decade ago, this meant that the only evidence of what
transpired during her meeting with [T] was the minutes she recorded, which
were unsatisfactory for the reasons I have explained. The only other person at
the meeting, Ms Neo’s secretary, was not called as a witness.

49 The minutes of meeting recorded by Ms Neo and her evidence at trial
therefore suggested to me that the rather unusual contents of the 2008 Will
had not been explained to [T] in sufficient detail or clarity as to enable her
to understand and approve them. The Court of Appeal warned in Low Ah Cheow and
others v Ng Hock Guan [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1079 at [38] that, where the
construction of the terms of a will is contested, a failure on the drafting
solicitor’s part to keep proper attendance notes and/or records may have
adverse consequences, and might even persuade the court to doubt the veracity
of the drafting solicitor’s testimony if a dispute arose as to the purport of
the terms of the will. This, unfortunately, was the case here.

(2) [T]’s conduct towards the appellant and her conversation with other family
members

50 Even leaving aside my doubts stemming from the terms of the 2008 Will and
Ms Neo’s evidence, the evidence from the respondent and his witnesses
suggested that [T] was not aware of the import of the 2008 Will, namely that
the appellant would inherit the Flat on her death. [T] was hostile towards the
appellant, appeared anxious to prevent him from acquiring the Flat, and made
various attempts to ensure that he would not do so. Taken together, these
factors suggest that had [T] properly understood the effect of the 2008 Will,
she would have revoked or amended it. The most persuasive explanation for her
failure to do so is that she did not fully understand the meaning of its
provisions. I set out the evidence below.

51 After the appellant began living with [T] in 2008, their relationship
started to deteriorate due to quarrels and disagreements. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

[N]’s AEIC at para 7 (ROA Vol 5, p 1296).

According to [C], in mid-2008 to early 2009, [T] had a “very serious quarrel”
with the appellant over money that he owed or promised to pay her. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

[C]’s AEIC at para 14 (ROA Vol 5, p 1302).

At the very latest their relationship broke down in 2010, when [T] was
purportedly locked out of the Flat. (According to the respondent, [T] treated
the appellant and his family “nicely” and “equally” until then. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

[K]’s testimony in NE (24 January 2018) at p 78 line 19 (ROA Vol 2, p 471);
the respondent’s AEIC at para 9 and Exhibit “KKY-X06” at para 5.3 (ROA Vol 5,
pp 1078 and 1194); the respondent’s testimony in NE (30 January 2018) at p 34
lines 24–26 (ROA Vol 4, p 965).

) Sometime in 2010, [T] went to the Flat only to find that the appellant had
changed the lock and that she was locked out. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE (25 January 2018) at p 58 line 16 – p 59 line 19 (ROA Vol 3, pp 618–619).

She then went to the respondent’s place crying and said the appellant had
locked her out of her own flat. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

The respondent’s AEIC at para 9 (ROA Vol 5, p 1078).

She also called [N] and told her the same thing. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE (24 January 2018) at p 112 (ROA Vol 2, p 505).

(The appellant claims that the locks were not changed and that [T] had
forgotten her keys, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Appellant’s AEIC at para 20 (ROA Vol 4, p 984); Reply and Defence to
Counterclaim at para 4 (ROA Vol 6, p 1336).

but [N] was sure that [T] had been locked out because [T] would carry her keys
with her. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE (24 January 2018) at p 113 line 32 – p 114 line 1 (ROA Vol 2, pp 506–507).

In any event, the appellant does not dispute that [T] believed she had been
locked out.) From 2005 to 2010, [T] divided her time between her own flat and
the respondent’s house, spending her weekdays at the respondent’s house and
returning to her flat on weekends. But after 2010, [T] began to stay at the
respondent’s house on a more permanent basis and only returned to the Flat
occasionally to collect her belongings. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

[N]’s AEIC at paras 3 and 4 (ROA Vol 5, pp 1294–1295); [N]’s testimony in NE
(24 January 2018) at p 91 line 22 – p 92 line 22, p 95 lines 2–3 and p 100
lines 1–9 (ROA Vol 2, pp 484–485, 488 and 493).

The evidence from the witnesses, besides the appellant, consistently painted a
portrait of deep hostility and resentment on [T]’s part towards the appellant:

(a) [K] gave evidence that from time to time – though he did not say when –
[T] complained to him about the appellant. She alleged that the appellant owed
her a large sum of money, had borrowed money from her, and had ill-treated and
cheated her. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

[K]’s AEIC at para 6 (ROA Vol 5, p 1309); [K]’s testimony in NE (25 January
2018) at p 36 line 14 – p 38 line 8 (ROA Vol 3, pp 596–598).

From early 2008, [T] would demand payments from the appellant and also sought
[K]’s help to ask the appellant for payments. According to [K], one of the
main reasons for the breakdown in their relationship was that [T] did not
receive any money from the appellant after his family moved in with her. When
[K] asked the appellant, the appellant said he did not have the money to pay
[T]. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

[K]’s AEIC at para 12 (ROA Vol 5, p 1312).

(b) [T] also told [N] that the appellant mistreated her. Whenever the
appellant was mentioned, [T] would angrily raise her voice and was visibly
upset about how he and his family had treated her. She often complained about
the appellant’s disrespect for her. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

[N]’s AEIC at para 6 (ROA Vol 5, p 1295); [N]’s testimony in NE (24 January
2018) at p 101 (ROA Vol 2, p 494).

(c) [C] gave evidence that the appellant had a very bad relationship with [T]
and had, over the course of many years, “borrowed” or taken thousands of
dollars from her. [T] once told [C] that the appellant owed her hundreds of
thousands of dollars. From 2008 onwards, [T] began demanding payments from the
appellant and told [C] that she had asked [K] and [J] to also demand payments
from the appellant. [T] constantly said that the appellant owed her money and
had not paid her anything since moving into the Flat. [T] also repeatedly told
[C] that she had been cheated by the appellant, though she was not able to say
exactly how. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

[C]’s AEIC at paras 4 and 15(c) (ROA Vol 5, pp 1299 and 1303); NE (26 January
2018) at p 90 lines 15–24, p 115 lines 20–23, 29–32 (ROA Vol 3, pp 733, 758).

(d) [J] testified that [T] had told him many times that the appellant did not
give her a single cent and that her relationship with him was very bad. [T]
allegedly said she did not want to see the appellant and that he would drive
her to her grave. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

[J]’s AEIC at paras 9(a), 9(b) and 9(e) (ROA Vol 5, p 1244).

She repeatedly demanded $150,000 from the appellant, which was the amount that
she said he owed her. She also asked [J] to help her demand money from the
appellant on many occasions between 2012 and 2014. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

[J]’s AEIC at paras 13 and 15 (ROA Vol 5, p 1247).

(e) [T] told [L] that she never forgave the appellant for what he had done,
though [L] did not elaborate on this. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE (24 January 2018) at pp 124–125 (ROA Vol 2, pp 517–518).

(f) [T]’s caregiver from late 2015 until she passed away gave evidence that
[T] told her in Mandarin many times that she did not treat the appellant as
her son because he “snatched her things”, including the Flat. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

T’s caregiver’s AEIC at para 4 (ROA Vol 5, p 1288).

(g) On 11 March 2009, [T]’s birthday dinner was held at a restaurant. In front
of all the guests, she angrily confronted the appellant and demanded that he
return the money that he owed her. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

The respondent’s AEIC at para 11(b) (ROA Vol 5, p 1079).

According to [N], [T] demanded money from the appellant for occupying her
flat. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE (24 January 2018) at p 104 line 19 – p 105 line 7 (ROA Vol 2, pp 497–498).

(h) From February to March 2011 onwards, while family members were planning
her birthday celebration, [T] directed that the appellant should not be
allowed to attend the celebration. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

The respondent’s AEIC at para 11(c) (ROA Vol 5, p 1079).

(i) On 19 January 2013, at her grandson’s wedding, [T] angrily confronted the
appellant and demanded that he return the money he owed her. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

The respondent’s AEIC at para 11(a) (ROA Vol 5, p 1079).

According to [N], [T] shouted at the appellant something to the effect of,
“you stay in my flat, you are not paying me”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE (24 January 2018) at p 106 lines 26–30, p 107 lines 9–19 (ROA Vol 2, pp 499
and 500).

According to [C], [T] walked up to the appellant, created a scene and demanded
monies from him or that he leave her flat right away. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

[C]’s AEIC at para 15(d) (ROA Vol 5, p 1304).

(j) Sometime in December 2015, while warded in hospital and in the presence of
her children and granddaughters, [T] very strictly directed them not to allow
the appellant to visit her and said that she had disowned him. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

The respondent’s AEIC at para 11(d) (ROA Vol 5, p 1080); [K]’s AEIC at para
4(b) (ROA Vol 5, p 1310).

[T] also directed them not to allow the appellant to attend her wake or
funeral 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

The respondent’s AEIC at para 11(e) (ROA Vol 5, p 1080); [K]’s AEIC at paras
4(c) and 14 (ROA Vol 5, pp 1310 and 1313); the respondent’s testimony in NE
(30 January 2018) at p 13 lines 1–5 (ROA Vol 4, p 944).

and not to invite the appellant to her birthday, Chinese New Year and any
family occasions. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

[C]’s AEIC at para 8 (ROA Vol 5, p 1300), NE (26 January 2018) at p 71 lines
13–14 (ROA Vol 3, p 714).

(k) [T] refused to attend the wedding of the appellant’s daughter because of
her hostility towards the appellant. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE (29 January 2018) at p 52 lines 19–24 (ROA Vol 4, p 855).

(l) [K] testified that [T] “hated” the appellant. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

[K]’s testimony in NE (25 January 2018) at p 66 lines 25–27 (ROA Vol 3, p
626).

[J] also testified that there was “hatred” between them and described their
relationship as “very, very bad”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE (26 January 2018) at p 143 lines 11–12 (ROA Vol 3, p 786).

52 By contrast, the respondent appears to have enjoyed the closest
relationship with [T]. [C] described him as [T]’s “favourite son”. By all
accounts he was doting and filial. When the respondent purchased his house 20
years ago, he built and custom-fitted a room for [T]. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

[C]’s AEIC at paras 13–14 (ROA Vol 5, p 1302).

[T] began occasionally staying at his house from 2005 onwards. The respondent
provided for her accommodation, daily needs, maintenance and her recurring
medical bills and other expenses, including the salary for her helper and her
maid levy. He purchased a special hospital bed and “poo-sit” and paid for
regular house visits from doctors and medicine. When [T] was bedridden, the
respondent fed and showered her. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

The respondent’s AEIC at paras 2 and 18; KKY-X06 para 5.5 (ROA Vol 5, pp 1076,
1083 and 1194).

The fact that he was the sole nominee for the balance of [T]’s CPF funds also
suggests that he was favoured. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

The respondent’s AEIC at para 16 (ROA Vol 5, p 1082).

53 The District Judge found the respondent and his witnesses – particularly
[C], [N] and [J] – to be “very forthright in their responses and they were not
prone to exaggeration” (the GD at [27(vii)]). She also stated that [K] was not
an untruthful witness, notwithstanding that he had misrepresented his
educational qualifications, because that alone did not signal a propensity to
lie. Moreover, he “did not stand to gain a large inheritance whichever will
was to be deemed valid” (the GD at [27(ii)]). She also said that [J] did not
stand to inherit significantly under the 2004 Will (the GD at [27(iii)]).

54 It was not quite right for the District Judge to say that [K] and [J] did
not stand to inherit significantly under the 2004 Will, because it appears
that they (and the other beneficiaries under the 2004 Will) would have gained
significantly more under the 2004 Will than the 2008 Will. The respondent
asserted that the value of the Flat was no higher than $400,000 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE (29 January 2018) at p 123 lines 2–3 (ROA Vol 4, p 926).

while the appellant estimated its value variously as “about $500,000.00” 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defendant’s (Respondent’s) opening statement below at p 9 para (e) (ROA Vol 6,
p 1440).

, “$600,000 to $700,000” 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Appellant’s Case at para 79.

and “from $700,000 to $780,000”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Minute sheet dated 14 August 2018, p 1.

In addition to the Flat, [T]’s estate would have included the $50,000 fixed
deposit in her name and found in the security box. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Appellant’s Case at para 79.

This means that the respondent would have acquired between $168,750 (valuing
the Flat at $400,000) and $311,250 (valuing the Flat at $780,000) under the
2004 Will, compared to receiving $50,000 from the appellant under the 2008
Will. [K], [L], [J] and [C] would have acquired between $56,250 and $103,750
under the 2004 Will compared to receiving $20,000 from the appellant under the
2008 Will.

55 Notwithstanding this, I agree with the District Judge’s assessment that the
respondent and his witnesses were credible. The mere fact that they stand to
benefit more under the 2004 Will is not enough to vitiate their credibility.
Judging by the notes of evidence from trial, the respondent came across as a
son who loved his mother deeply and dearly, to the point that he was brought
to tears at one point while describing the grief that the appellant had caused
[T]. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE (30 January 2018) at p 34 line 24 – p 35 line 22 (ROA Vol 4, pp 965–966).

The other witnesses unanimously testified that the respondent had contributed
the most to caring for [T]. They too generally came across as honest and
forthcoming, and were ready to admit they could not remember certain events.
When they did speak to what they could recall, their evidence was largely
consistent. Though the appellant claimed that his siblings looked down on him,
he himself testified that he was on “not bad” terms with [L], and that he was
able to communicate best with [J] and would call him and ask him out for
coffee when there were important matters to discuss. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE (24 January 2018) at p 6 line 29 – p 7 line 5, p 18 lines 25–28 (ROA Vol 2,
pp 399–400, 411).

Moreover, the evidence from [N] and [T]’s caregiver – which largely
corroborated the other witnesses’ evidence – is less likely to have been
tainted by any impure motive, since they are not mentioned in either will. (I
note that [T]’s caregiver continues to be employed by one of [L]’s daughters,
95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE (24 January 2018) at pp 33–35 (ROA Vol 2, pp 426–428).

but there was no suggestion that she was coached, and her oral evidence did
not come across as rehearsed.) The only witness whose evidence was not
entirely satisfactory was [J], because the striking similarities between the
2008 Will and the 2011 Document strongly suggest that [J] borrowed from the
language of the 2008 Will in drafting the contents of the 2011 Document (see
[14]–[15] above), contrary to his claim that he adapted the language from the
results of an Internet search. Against that, however, it should be noted that
[J] had the best relationship with the appellant of all the siblings 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Appellant’s testimony in NE (24 January 2018) at pp 6–7 (ROA Vol 2, pp
399–400).

and took the most conciliatory approach towards him before [T]’s death (see
the GD at [27(iii)]). Yet, even [J] testified that there was hostility between
[T] and the appellant. Moreover, even if [J] had seen the 2008 Will, that has
no direct bearing on whether [T] understood and approved of its contents when
she signed it. Ultimately, the appellate court should be very hesitant to
disagree with the trial judge’s findings on the credibility of the witnesses,
given the obvious advantage the trial judge enjoys in witnessing their
evidence first-hand. I see no reason to disagree with the District Judge’s
assessment in this regard.

56 Accepting the evidence of these witnesses, then, it is obvious that [T]
harboured profound resentment and animosity towards the appellant. She
favoured the other children much more in comparison, and shared a special bond
with the respondent, who took the most care of her. It therefore seems
objectively unlikely that [T] intended the appellant to inherit the Flat – her
most valuable possession – upon her death. That would result in the appellant
receiving a much larger benefit than the respondent. This seems incongruent
with [T]’s reputation as a very fair person. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

[C]’s testimony in NE (26 January 2018) at p 28 lines 11–17 (ROA Vol 3, p
671); [K]’s AEIC at para 16 (ROA Vol 5, p 1313) and his testimony in NE (25
January 2018) at p 67 line 14 – p 68 line 7 (ROA Vol 2, pp 627–628); the
respondent’s AEIC at para 14 (ROA Vol 5, p 1081).

57 The mere fact that [T] was hostile towards the appellant would not
ordinarily persuade me that she did not understand the 2008 Will, particularly
since such hostility may only have arisen after the will was executed.
Importantly, however, there is evidence that [T] did not mean to bequeath him
the Flat, and did not realise she had done so:

(a) [C] testified that [T] kept saying she had been cheated out of her house
and had been chased out of her house. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

[C]’s AEIC at para 9 (ROA Vol 5, p 1300); NE (26 January 2018) at p 22 lines
13–23 (ROA Vol 3, p 665).

It was “quite clear” to [C] that [T] “knew she was being cheated by [the
appellant], only that she did not know how he did it”. [C] felt “sure that [T]
did not know nor was she aware that the paper she was then signing on 7 June
2008 … was meant to be a testamentary Will.” 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

[C]’s AEIC at para 11 (ROA Vol 5, p 1301).

(b) On multiple occasions, including when she was warded in hospital in 2015,
[T] expressed fury with the appellant and insisted that her sons recover the
Flat back from the appellant. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

The respondent’s AEIC at para 11(e) (ROA Vol 5, p 1080); [K]’s AEIC at para
4(d) (ROA Vol 5, p 1310); [K]’s testimony in NE (24 January 2018) at p 73 line
3 – p 74 line 21 (ROA Vol 2, pp 466–467).

[K] and [J] testified that they did not know at the time what [T] meant by
“recovering the flat back” from the appellant, but came to believe – after the
2008 Will surfaced – that she must have been referring to the 2008 Will. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

[J]’s AEIC at para 4(d) (ROA Vol 5, p 1242); [J]’s testimony in NE (26 January
2018) at p 142 lines 23–27 (ROA Vol 3, p 785); [K]’s AEIC at para 4(d) (ROA
Vol 5, p 1310).

[K] testified that [T] said, “This house I will definitely not give to [the
appellant]. And do your utmost best to recover the house for me.” 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE (24 January 2018) at p 73 lines 16–17 (ROA Vol 2, p 466).

(c) [C] related an incident around June 2015, when [T] started talking about
the appellant and her flat. When [C] asked [T] what would happen to the Flat,
[T] “said in hokkien that since there is nothing she can do to chase him out,
when she dies, he will be chased out anyway and let the government and law
deals with him”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

[C]’s AEIC at para 10 (ROA Vol 5, p 1301).

[T] would not have said this if she believed that the appellant would own the
Flat upon her death.

(d) The respondent also related an incident which had occurred on a Sunday
afternoon sometime around September 2015. The respondent asked [T] how she was
going to settle the outstanding issue of her house with the appellant. [T]
told the respondent very clearly, and with anger, that she was not giving the
appellant the house. She said “no way” in Hokkien very loudly, and said that
she disowned the appellant. In the weeks before her death, she continued to
repeat in the same angry tone that she would not be giving her house to the
appellant and that she disowned him. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

The respondent’s AEIC paras 23(c)–23(f); Exhibit “KKY-X06” at para 5.3 (ROA
Vol 5, pp 1085–1086 and 1194).

58 There is also evidence from [K] to the effect that [T] wanted the appellant
to change the title to the Flat: 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

[K]’s testimony in NE (25 January 2018) at p 26 line 32 – p 27 line 17 (ROA
Vol 3, pp 586–587).

A: My mother had on a few occasions asked me to speak with [the appellant].
And he did come and speak to me ... and we---and my mother kept on asking him
to go and have the name changed but he did not do so. So on behalf of our
mother, we asked him the same question as well on a number of times. Why did
he not go and change the name?

Q: Trans---transfer it, change name, does it---re---

A: Transfer [as spoken by Witness in English].

Q: refer to the transfer of title for---of 79B?

A: To ask him to go down to Housing Board to have a change of name.

59 Later on, [K] testified: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE (25 January 2018) at p 45 line 16 – p 46 line 29 (ROA Vol 3, pp 605–606).

A: … [The appellant] asked his wife to retrieve an envelope from the bedroom
and after that opened up the sealed envelope and took out the 2008 Will. We
were very shocked how did the ’08 Will come about. [The appellant] said mother
had already given the flat to him as stated in the will. So I asked why did
mother did not say this to all of us. And his immediate re---his immediate
response, “Why did she have to tell all of you to---I’m the one---I’m the one
to have lived with her, I'm the one to have renovated the house.” And I asked
him my mother---my mother had on many occasions asked me to go and have her
name changed---

Interpreter: Your Honour---I beg your pardon, Ma'am.

A: My mother had on many occasion asked me to do her this favour to go and get
[the appellant] to have the name changed. If he had earlier on changed the
name, this would not have happened. So we disapproved and told him that we
would see him in Court---oh he said, “See you in Court”---

…

A: Didn’t I tell you earlier on my mother had on many occasion asked me to do
her the favour, get [the appellant]---Your Honour, this was said inside the
house and I asked him back---one---and I asked him one more time. Why did he
---why did he not go and have the name changed?

60 Counsel for the appellant, Mr Tan, took this to mean that [T] wanted to
transfer title of the Flat to the appellant. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE (25 January 2018) at p 28 lines 19–21 (ROA Vol 3, p 588); NE (29 January
2018) at p 49 line 30 – p 50 line 32 (ROA Vol 4, pp 852–853).

I do not agree. From the context it appears that [T] feared that title to the
Flat had already been transferred to the appellant, and she wanted it to be
transferred back to her. This interpretation is further supported by an
incident that occurred after the 2008 Will was executed. [T] asked [K] to
drive her to HDB Hub as she needed advice from HDB regarding the Flat. [T]
mentioned that she had signed a document provided by the appellant but did not
understand its contents. After falling out with the appellant, [T] reportedly
felt uneasy, did not trust the appellant and wanted to make sure that she had
not transferred the Flat to him. [K] duly brought [T] to meet an HDB officer,
who assured [T] that the Flat was still under her name and that it could not
be sold or transferred without HDB’s consent. [T] was relieved to hear that
the Flat was still in her name. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE (25 January) at p 65 lines 8–19, p 74 lines 22–25 (ROA Vol 3, pp 625 and
634).

61 As I noted at [29] above, there is some doubt over when [T] visited HDB. If
this occurred in 2009, as [K] testified at trial, then it would seem that
[T]’s remarks about having signed a document she did not understand referred
to the 2008 Will. But if [T] visited HDB in 2011, then [T] may have thinking
about the 2011 Document instead. In either case, however, this visit to HDB
shows two things. First, [T] was worried that somehow the Flat had already
been transferred to the appellant. She therefore went to HDB to assuage her
concerns, and was relieved when she was told that the Flat was still in her
name. Secondly, [T] did not want the appellant to acquire the Flat. This is
consistent with her repeated pleas to the respondent, [K] and [J] to help her
“recover” the Flat and her expressed intention not to let the appellant
acquire the Flat after she died (see [57(b)]–[57(d)] above). I accept that, if
[T] had understood that the appellant would inherit the Flat under the terms
of the 2008 Will, she would have revoked or amended that will. This view was
shared by the respondent and [C]. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE (30 January 2018) at p 8 lines 8–15 and p 14 lines 17–21 (ROA Vol 4, pp 939
and 945); NE (26 January 2018) at p 53 lines 17–19 (ROA Vol 3, p 696).

On this view, the fact that [T] was lucid until at least 2014 or 2015 supports
the respondent’s case. For a good seven or eight years, [T] would have been in
possession of her faculties and common sense, and would have revoked the 2008
Will if she had understood its import. The fact that she did not strongly
suggests that she did not know and approve of its contents.

62 Thirdly, [T]’s conduct after executing the 2008 Will suggests that she did
not know that she had bequeathed the Flat on the appellant. For one, [T] never
once told [C] about the terms of the 2008 Will in the next eight years of her
life. This is strange because they were very close and [T] appeared to confide
in [C] about every important decision. From 2004 to 2010, while [C] was
overseas, she would call [T] every Sunday afternoon without fail and chat with
her in Hokkien for at least an hour. They would speak about their weeks and
family updates. When [T] invited the respondent, [K] and the appellant to move
into the Flat with her, she updated [C] about this. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

[C]’s and [N]’s joint affidavit, paras 4(f)–4(g) (ROA Vol 6, p 1411).

[C] also appears to have been the only one that [T] told about the 2004 Will
and who knew the combination code to [T]’s security box. [T] even went to the
trouble of showing [C] the 2004 Will when [C] visited Singapore. But the terms
of the 2008 Will altered the division of [T]’s estate dramatically. Whereas
the 2004 Will divided [T]’s estate between all her children and [C] with the
respondent receiving a larger share than the rest, the 2008 Will made the
appellant the sole beneficiary and deprived [T]’s other children and [C] of
any benefit save insofar as the appellant decided to comply with cl 4. This
change would have been very surprising and even distressing to [C], as well as
[T]’s other children. The fact that [T] never mentioned the terms of the 2008
Will to [C] led [K], the respondent and [C] herself to the view that [T]
herself was not fully aware of its import. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

[K]’s AEIC at para 8 (ROA Vol 5, p 1311); the respondent’s AEIC at para 7 (ROA
Vol 5, p 1077); [C]’s testimony in NE (26 January 2018) at p 42 lines 11–13
(ROA Vol 3, p 685); see also Appellant’s Case at para 10.

63 The appellant does not dispute that [C] was very close to [T], but submits
that [C] actually did know about the 2008 Will because of a document adduced
by Ms Neo. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Appellant’s Case at para 49; ROA Vol 4, p 1056.

This was a piece of paper on which [C] had written the names of [L], [K], the
respondent, [J] and [C], their IC numbers, as well as the sentence “Please
amend [a misspelled version of [C]’s name] to [the correct spelling]”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE (26 January 2018) p 60 line 16 – p 61 line 9 (ROA Vol 3 pp 703–704).

Next to [L]’s, [K]’s, [J]’s and [C]’s names was written the number “20”. Next
to the respondent’s name was written the number “50”. These numbers were
written by the appellant, allegedly on [T]’s instructions, 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE (23 January 2018) at p 66 lines 15–21 (ROA Vol 2, p 311).

and they correspond to the amount in thousands of dollars that the appellant
was to give each of these persons under cl 4 of the 2008 Will (see [7] above).
At the top of the page were written the address and contact number of a dental
surgery, but these were not in [C]’s handwriting. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE (26 January 2018) p 63 lines 11–22 (ROA Vol 3 p 706).

64 [C] could not remember how this piece of paper came about. However, she
firmly denied that she wrote these words knowing that another will was going
to be made. [C] explained that [T] would “always pull out paper like that” and
ask her to write “this and that”. As for the sentence requesting an amendment
to the spelling of [C]’s name, it could have been the case that [C] noticed
her name misspelled in the 2004 Will and told [T] to have it changed. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE (26 January 2018) p 61 line 21 – p 62 line 24 (ROA Vol 3 pp 704–705).

In my view, the fact that [T] had in her possession a piece of paper on which
[C] had written the names which were subsequently included in the 2008 Will
does not prove that [C] knew of the existence of the 2008 Will. I agree it is
very odd that [T] never mentioned the 2008 Will to [C], particularly as [C]
knew about the 2004 Will and would have been taken completely by surprise by
the radically altered distribution under the 2008 Will.

65 The respondent also submitted that it was odd that that [T] did not keep
the 2008 Will in her security box, where she kept the 2004 Will and other
valuable possessions. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

[K]’s AEIC at para 8 (ROA Vol 5, p 1311).

Instead the 2008 Will was kept by the appellant. However, the appellant
claimed that [T] had two security boxes: one in the respondent’s house and one
in the Flat. The appellant claimed that the security box in the Flat also
contained important documents, such as [T]’s birth certificate, proof of
citizenship, “the separation of Singapore from Malaysia and the vocational
licence”. [C] admitted that these documents were not in the security box which
she had access to when she opened it in 2016 after [T]’s death. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE (26 January 2018) at p 104 lines 11–20 (ROA Vol 3, p 747).

The District Judge made no finding on this and I do not rely on it in reaching
my conclusion that the presumption of knowledge and approval is rebutted.

66 Finally, I should say that I place little weight on the 2011 Document. On
one view, it suggests that [T] was willing to give the Flat to the appellant
in exchange for $150,000. This broadly aligns with the arrangement provided
for in cll 3 and 4 of the 2008 Will, pursuant to which the appellant would
inherit the Flat if he distributed $130,000 from his own funds to the persons
listed therein. The appellant’s position was that by giving [T] $150,000 in
2011, he had complied with the condition in cl 4 of the 2008 Will. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Appellant’s Reply to Respondent’s Case and Oral Submissions, para 8.

However, [J] gave evidence that [T] did not understand the import of the 2011
Document. He claimed that the appellant asked [T] and [J] to sign the 2011
Document without explaining its contents to [T], and without giving [J] a
chance to read it. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE (29 January 2018) at p 30 line 29 – p 31 line 21, p 33 lines 23–24 (ROA Vol
4 pp 833–832, 834).

[T] could well have thought that she was receiving $150,000 for the
appellant’s occupation (rather than acquisition or inheritance) of the Flat,
in line with their original agreement (see [6] above). [J]’s own
interpretation of the 2011 Document was that it merely recorded the fact that
[T] had received money from the appellant, and was not meant to express [T]’s
intention to transfer the Flat to him (see [13]–[15] above). Moreover, what
[T] told the other family members, particularly the respondent and [C], to
whom she was close and on whom she doted, suggests that [T] was not at all
willing for the appellant to acquire the Flat, even after she had received the
$150,000 in 2011. It is highly unlikely that [T] would have lied to [C] and
the respondent about whether the appellant would inherit the Flat, given how
close she was to them. In the light of [T]’s vehement animosity towards the
appellant, her pleas for others to “recover” the Flat for her, and her
confiding in her loved ones that the appellant would not get the Flat after
she died, I can only conclude that [T] probably did not know she had
bequeathed the Flat to him.

67 For these reasons, I find that the presumption of knowledge and approval
has been rebutted, and dismiss the appeal on that basis. I go on to deal with
the respondent’s remaining arguments for completeness.

Undue influence

Legal principles

68 Undue influence in the probate context “means coercion, i.e. the testator
is coerced into making a will (or part of a will) which he does not want to
make” (Theobald on Wills at para 3-032). There are various ways of expressing
the substance of this test. It has been said, for example, that it must be
shown that the testator was not merely persuaded but was pressured into losing
his freedom of choice (Halsbury’s at para 190.199); that there was pressure
which overpowered the testator’s volition without convincing his judgment
(Parry and Kerridge at para 5-16, citing Hall v Hall (1868) LR 1 P & D 481 at
482); and that the will of the testator is coerced into doing that which he or
she does not desire to do (Rajaratnam Kumar (alias Rajaratnam Vairamuthu) v
Estate of Rajaratnam Saravana Muthu (deceased) and another and another suit
[2010] 4 SLR 93 (“Rajaratnam”) at [67]).

69 One of the questions in this case is whether the presumption of undue
influence applies in the probate context. The respondent cited Tan Teck Khong
and another (Committee of the estate of Pang Jong Wan, mentally disordered) v
Tan Pian Meng [2002] 2 SLR(R) 490, 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Respondent’s Case (Amendment No 1) at p 38.

in which the High Court held at [163]–[164] that undue influence could be
presumed where the plaintiff showed (a) the existence of a particular
relationship which enabled one party to it to influence the decisions of the
other (presumably the testator); and (b) the resulting transaction was clearly
disadvantageous to the person subject to the influence. However, the authority
which was cited for the presumption of undue influence, Pelican Engineering
Pte Ltd v Lim Wee Chuan [1999] 2 SLR(R) 1145, concerned a contract rather than
a will. Significantly, the academic authorities suggest that undue influence
cannot be presumed in the probate context:

(a) Theobald on Wills states that the test for undue influence in the probate
context “is a different test to that applied to examples of undue influence in
respect of lifetime transactions” and that in respect of wills, “[p]ersuasion
or advice is legitimate but coercion is not” (para 3-032 and n 135).

(b) Parry and Kerridge explains at para 5-54 that applying the presumption of
undue influence in the probate context is inappropriate for two reasons.
First, undue influence in probate consists of pressure exerted on the
testator, whereas the undue influence in equity stems essentially from
affection, not pressure. Secondly, applying the test for presumed undue
influence in the probate context would invalidate wills made in favour of
those whom testators hold in regard or affection, which is precisely the point
of a will in the first place.

(c) The same view is reiterated in Halsbury’s, which states at para 190.199
that there is generally no presumption of undue influence despite the
existence of a relationship between the testator and the beneficiary, and that
strong evidence of undue influence is required.

These points do not appear to have been raised to the High Court in Tan Teck
Khong. Nor has Tan Teck Khong been cited in any later decisions to support a
presumption of undue influence in respect of a will.

70 By contrast, the contrary position has been taken in two more recent High
Court decisions, which the parties did not refer me to. In Rajaratnam, it was
held at [65] that undue influence cannot be presumed where a will is concerned
and must be proved by the person alleging it. In Lian Kok Hong v Lian Bee Leng
and another [2015] SGHC 205, the High Court held at [45] that “[i]n the case
of a will where an allegation of undue influence on the testator is made,
undue influence cannot be presumed and actual undue influence must be proved”,
and adopted the test for undue influence set out in Rajaratnam. There was no
appeal against the High Court’s finding on undue influence in that case,
though the Court of Appeal noted (without disapproving) the High Court’s
holding that “[w]here undue influence is alleged, it cannot be presumed and
must be proved” (see Lian Kok Hong, which was cited to me by the respondent,
at [38(f)]).

71 I note, moreover, that in Tan Teck Khong it was alleged that undue
influence infected not only a will executed by the testatrix but also various
transactions entered into by her during her lifetime. This may perhaps explain
the invocation of the presumption of undue influence, which would apply to
such transactions. However, that does not necessarily mean that it ought to
apply equally to a will. Indeed, the High Court also cited at [165] a treatise
on wills which states that “[t]he essential element of undue influence is, in
this context, coercion” and that “[p]ersuasion or influence or importunity is
not sufficient”. It therefore recognised that the test for undue influence in
the testamentary context is that of coercion alone. The case and academic
authorities strongly indicate that undue influence in this sense cannot be
presumed, and I respectfully agree with them.

72 The other case that the respondent cites, BOK v BOL and another [2017] SGHC
316, 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Respondent’s Case (Amendment No 1) at p 38.

is hence irrelevant for this reason, as it did not concern a will but rather a
deed of trust.

Whether [T] was unduly influenced

73 It is not clear whether the District Judge found that there was undue
influence. All she said was that the will was not “one which [T] came to free
from pressure” (the GD at [27(viii)]). However, the test for undue influence
is a high one and requires coercion overpowering the testator’s volition. I do
not think there is any evidence to show that [T] was unduly influenced in this
sense. There is no clear evidence, for example, that the appellant pressurised
or forced [T] to make the 2008 Will. [N] testified that [T] was a woman of
tough character, “stronger” and “[n]ot easily influenced by other people”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE (24 January 2018) at p 86 lines 26–32 (ROA Vol 2, p 479).

Even if [T] executed the 2008 Will without comprehending or approving of the
contents fully, it does not necessarily follow that she signed it as a result
of coercion.

Whether the 2008 Will was revocable and ambulatory

74 I next turn to the respondent’s argument that the 2008 Will “should not be
construed as a valid will as it was/is not invariably and freely revocable by
T”, nor was it “invariably ambulatory and effective only upon death”. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Respondent’s Case (Amendment No 1) at p 10 para 7(iii), p 25, p 28 para 2.2, p
30 para 2.3.

The respondent says this for two reasons. First, the 2008 Will was “binding
upon [T] as and when she put her thumb print to it” and [T] was “contractually
‘forced’ or bound” to confer the Flat on the appellant once the $130,000 was
paid. The will was therefore “irrevocable”. Secondly, the appellant allegedly
considered the 2008 Will “fixed or closed when he made the payment of
$130,000.00 required of him on 23 July 2011”, which is contrary to the rule
that a will operates on the death of the testator. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Respondent’s Case (Amendment No 1) at pp 26–27, 29.

75 I am not at all persuaded by this submission. The respondent did not cite
any authority to the effect that a condition such as that stated in cl 4 of
the 2008 Will would render a will irrevocable or non-ambulatory. On the
contrary, conditions are generally upheld unless they are void for illegality
or contrariness to public policy; uncertainty; impossibility; repugnance to
the estate; or conditions imposed in terrorem of the legatee (Theobald on
Wills at paras 27-007 to 27-025). It was not contended that cl 4 was void for
any such reason. I was also not referred to any authority for the proposition
that a will becomes irrevocable once a condition stated therein has been
performed during the testator’s lifetime. On the contrary, as the appellant
points out, Theobald on Wills recognises at para 27-067 that “sometimes a
condition may be performed in the lifetime of the testator”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Appellant’s Reply and Oral Submissions at para 9.

Even assuming that the appellant performed the condition in cl 4 by giving [T]
$150,000 in 2011, that would not have prevented [T] from revoking the 2008
Will thereafter. It merely meant that, if the 2008 Will remained unrevoked at
the time of [T]’s death, the condition precedent would have been fulfilled.
The appellant himself accepts that the 2008 Will was revocable at any point
before [T]’s death. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Appellant’s Reply and Oral Submissions at para 25.

Illegality

76 I now briefly address the respondent’s submission that the 2008 Will is
void due to illegality. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Respondent’s Case (Amendment No 1) at section 2.5.

The respondent’s case is that the will:

was meant to be some sort of [sale] and purchase agreement and/or instrument
of property transfer cleverly crafted or disguised as a testamentary will
partly to deceive/trick [T] and/or to avoid/cheat both the [IRAS] of stamp
duties payable and/or HDB of levies payable on transfer. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

The respondent’s AEIC at para 21(c) (ROA Vol 5, p 1084).

This submission is fanciful and should be rejected. There is not a shred of
evidence that this motive played on [T]’s mind at the time she made the 2008
Will. The District Judge apparently saw no need to address this argument in
the GD.

77 The only local authority cited by the respondent for its illegality
argument, Kamla Lal Hiranand v Harilela Padma Hari and others [2000] 1 SLR(R)
145, 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Respondent’s Case (Amendment No 1) at p 32.

is not relevant. In that case, there was a document drafted in the form of a
will but which was not signed by any witnesses. The parties all agreed that
the document was not validly executed and was not a will (at [38]). However,
the plaintiff, who was stated as the beneficiary under that document, tried to
argue that the document created or evidenced a trust over the deceased’s
estate. Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he then was) rejected this argument. He cited
various dicta, including the portion from Towers v Hogan (1889) 23 LR Ir 53
cited at p 32 of the Respondent’s Case, in support of his conclusion that
“[d]ocuments meant to be testamentary in character (ie having no effect during
the life of the maker) which do not comply with the Wills Act cannot … become
virtual wills by being regarded as declarations of trust” (at [42]). Since the
document was not valid as a will, it was void, and should not be given effect
by the backdoor through the device of an implied declaration of trust. Tay J’s
decision had nothing to do with voiding an otherwise valid will because of
illegality.

Conclusion

78 For the reasons I have stated in this judgment, I dismiss the appeal on the
basis that [T] did not know and approve of the contents of the 2008 Will. In
the circumstances, the construction of the 2008 Will does not arise for my
consideration.

79 I will hear the parties on costs.

Tan Puay Boon  
Judicial Commissioner

Tan Siew Tiong and Lee Kang Lin (LawHub LLC) for the appellant;  
Tay Choon Leng John and Conrad De Souza (John Tay & Co)  
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

