Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 170

Divorce (Transferred) No 3521 of 2012  
(Summonses Nos 1149 and 1832 of 2019)

Between

ANH

… Plaintiff

And

ANI

… Defendant

judgment

[Family Law] — [Child] — [Maintenance of child] — [Variation of order]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
ANH

  

v

  

ANI

[2019] SGHC 170

High Court — Divorce (Transferred) No 3521 of 2012 (Summonses Nos 1149 and
1832 of 2019)  
Choo Han Teck J  
17 July 2019

22 July 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 On 7 October 2014, I ordered the plaintiff father to pay the defendant
mother S$2,500 per month as maintenance for their daughter, in addition to
covering all school fees, medical expenses and music examination fees. That
was nearly five years ago. The daughter is now 19 years old and had enrolled
in Monash University in Melbourne, Australia on 20 February 2019 as a medical
student. Both parties applied to vary the maintenance order of 2014.

2 Both parties now want to vary that order because the daughter has entered
university. The father, who appeared in person, emphasised the parties’ change
in income, and his new marriage (in 2016) – he has a two-year-old daughter
from his second marriage and his wife is pregnant with their second child. He
also submitted that the maintenance order ought to end when the daughter turns
21 years old, and thereafter, she should discuss financial support with him or
take out her own application.

3 Ms Carrie Kaur Gill, solicitor for the mother, submitted that the father’s
financial obligations to his new family are irrelevant as competing
obligations are “a situation of his own creation”. According to Ms Gill, the
father has in fact been providing S$5,000 a month and the mother’s proposed
variation to S$4,800 a month will be in his favour. The father disagreed with
this. Ms Gill also submitted that any maintenance order should be effective
until the date of the daughter’s graduation from medical school, which is
estimated to be in 2024, when the daughter will be around 24 years old.

4 The only issue before me is whether there has been a change in
circumstances, and if so, whether, and by how much, the existing payment by
the father ought to be varied. The present maintenance order included school
fees for the daughter in an international high school where the monthly fees
are much higher (S$1,500) than the fees of the Monash medical school (S$902)
because the daughter pays domestic student fees in Australia. The father is a
Canadian citizen and the mother is a New Zealand citizen. The parents are both
professors in a local university where the father earns S$500,000 a year and
the mother, who previously earned S$150,000, now earns S$233,000 a year
inclusive of allowances and extra classes.

5 The obligation to maintain an ex-wife and children remains until the order
is rescinded or varied, and a change in circumstances is a ground for a
variation of the original order. Remarriage in itself is a change in
circumstances but whether it is sufficient to merit a variation of the
maintenance order requires further examination of the nature and extent of the
change. Either party in a divorce is free to remarry. When the woman
remarries, the ex-husband who is maintaining her may have the maintenance
order revoked on account of the fact that the new husband is maintaining her.
When the man remarries, and has a family with the second wife, any diversion
of his income towards the maintenance of the ex-wife reduces the coffers of
the new family and that needs to be considered too.

6 It is a reasonable presumption that no one remarries merely to reduce his
obligations of maintenance to the ex-spouse. It is therefore not right to
deride the father here for his remarriage as if it were a problem of his own
making as counsel submitted. The court has no business commenting, let alone
pontificating, upon whether a divorcee should marry or not. What it has to do
is compare the needs of the ex-spouse and the new family with the income that
the maintenance provider has, and make a fair and reasonable attempt to
balance the budget for them.

7 So, we come to the matter of how the budget can be managed in this case. The
mother says that the daughter needs to spend AUD$6,500 every month and claims
that the father should pay 75% of this amount. Of this amount, I think that
AUD$1,000 a year for handbags, wallet, and school bags is a little too high an
expenditure for a 19-year-old. She also claims AUD$833 a month for travel
expenses such as airfare and sightseeing. It is not disputed that the daughter
has long been estranged from the father, a matter that has caused much
bitterness in the father, who blames it on the mother. He broke down in court
when he recounted the 600 emails he sent to the daughter that were either
given no reply or were replied by the mother on behalf of the daughter. So if
the airfare is for the daughter to visit just the mother in Singapore, I think
that the mother should bear some, if not most of it. Some of the other items,
such as AUD$400 for transport and AUD$500 for hobbies and entertainment every
month may possibly be a little high, but I shall just round them down slightly
overall together with the money for handbags and wallets, which really should
be much lower. Such items of reasonably good quality that are fashionable
enough for a young lady can be bought online for less than AUD$100 each and
they should last more than a year.

8 If, as I find, the overall sum needed for the daughter should be in the
region of S$4,000 to S$4,500 a month, without having to scrimp, how much of
this ought the father contribute? The mother is claiming now that S$4,800
should be adequate but this means the father would be single-handedly
providing for the daughter’s reasonable expenses. The father is saying that
they both ought to pay half of the daughter’s tuition fees and accommodation
costs, plus an additional annual sum of AUD$9,100. Thus, on the mother’s
calculation, the annual sum based on S$4,800 a month would be S$57,600. On the
father’s calculation, he would pay S$1,004.50 per month or S$12,054 per year,
plus another AUD$9,100 per year, for a total annual sum of approximately
S$21,000. The conversion rate is about S$1.00 = AUD$1.04.

9 It is almost impossible to say which calculation is the more accurate of the
two. The mother’s claim based on S$57,600 is probably too high. The father’s
offer seems a little too low and even after taking into account the fact that
the father has a new family, I think that given the salaries of both parents,
a sum of S$48,000 per annum for all expenses would be adequate for the
daughter’s education in Monash. I think that the father should pay, and I so
order, his contribution amounting to S$35,000 per annum. The balance will be
borne by the mother. This order will be effective until the daughter graduates
from university.

10 Each party is to bear his own costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

The plaintiff in person;  
Carrie Kaur Gill and Clement Yap (Eversheds Harry Elias LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

