Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 49

Criminal Case No 65 of 2017

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

BND  
---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal law] — [Offences] — [Rape]

[Criminal procedure and sentencing] — [Statements] — [Admissibility]

[Criminal procedure and sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Sexual offences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

BND

[2019] SGHC 49

High Court — Criminal Case No 65 of 2017  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
4–8, 25 September 2017, 26–29 June, 2 July, 15 October, 14 November 2018

28 February 2019

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The Prosecution brought two charges against the accused for rape of his
biological daughter (“the complainant”) under s 375(1)(a) of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”), punishable under s 375(2) of the
same. The accused denied that he had committed the offences.

2 Having assessed the evidence and considered the submissions made by the
prosecution and defence, I convicted the accused of both charges and imposed a
global sentence of 26 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Minute sheet dated 14 November 2018.

I had found that the testimony of the complainant was unusually convincing.
Her evidence was also corroborated by DNA evidence, in particular, the
presence of the accused’s semen on the interior crotch area of the
complainant’s shorts.

Background

3 The accused is a 35 year-old male Singaporean. He has one son and two
daughters.

4 The complainant is the accused’s eldest child and was 14 years old at the
time of the alleged offences. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Charges marked C1 and C2.

She is the accused’s biological daughter. The complainant claimed that the
accused had raped her a total of eight times from November 2014 to January
2015 at their family home (“the flat”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Agreed bundle of documents (“AB”) at pp 10–15 paras 6–14.

The prosecution brought two charges against the accused, in relation to two of
those incidents.

5 The complainant confided in her boyfriend sometime in January 2015 about the
sexual abuse. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AB at p 9 para 4.

The boyfriend thereafter informed their school counsellor (“the school
counsellor”) about the matter on 13 January 2015, who referred the matter to
the Ministry of Social and Family Development. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AB at p 36 para 15.

A police report was lodged and the accused was placed under arrest on the same
day. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB at pp 3, 5–6.

That same evening, the police carried out a search of the flat and seized a
number of items, including a pair of pink shorts hanging at the window grille
of the complainant’s room, which the complainant said she wore during the last
incident of rape. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB at p 42 para 10.

6 Over the following months, the accused gave a number of statements to the
police. The prosecution sought to admit a statement recorded from the accused
by Assistant Superintendent Samantha Xu (“ASP Xu”) on 2 April 2015 at 2.45pm
(“the contested statement”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Prosecution’s submissions for the ancillary hearing at para 2.

The defence challenged the admissibility of the statement on the basis that it
was given under a threat, inducement or promise from the two police officers,
ASP Xu and Assistant Superintendent Vimala Raj (“ASP Raj”) who interviewed the
accused on 2 April 2015. An ancillary hearing was convened to determine the
admissibility of the contested statement. Following the ancillary hearing, I
declined to admit the contested statement as I found that the prosecution had
not proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the statement was given voluntarily.
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NE dated 29 June 2018 at p 23.

7 Notwithstanding the non-admission of the contested statement, at the end of
an 11-day trial, I found that the prosecution had proven beyond reasonable
doubt that the accused was guilty of the two charges in the light of the
evidence against the accused. I accordingly convicted the accused of both
charges.

The charges

8 The two charges brought by the Prosecution against the accused, to which the
accused claimed trial were as follows: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Charges marked C1 and C2.

1ST CHARGE| [That you] sometime in the afternoon or early evening of 19
November 2014, at [the flat], did commit rape on [the complainant – then 14
years old],to wit, by penetrating the vagina of the said [complainant] with
your penis without her consent, and you have thereby committed an offence
under section 375(1)(a) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224 (2008 Rev. Ed.) which
is punishable under section 375(2) of the said Act.  
---|---  
2ND CHARGE| [That you] sometime in the night of 9 January 2015 or the early
hours of 10 January 2015, at [the flat], did commit rape on [the complainant –
then 14 years old], to wit, by penetrating the vagina of the said
[complainant] with your penis without her consent, and you have thereby
committed an offence under section 375(1)(a) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224
(2008 Rev. Ed.) which is punishable under section 375(2) of the said Act.  
  
Events pertaining to the first charge

9 According to the complainant, on 19 November 2014, sometime in the afternoon
or early evening, the accused had asked her and her siblings to get ready to
leave the flat to go to their mother’s workplace. The accused did not go to
work that day.

10 The complainant alleged that the accused had raped her in the common toilet
of the flat as she was changing and preparing to leave the flat. In
particular, while the complainant was in the common toilet, the accused tried
to open the locked toilet door, upon which the complainant shouted very
loudly, asking her sister to “come quickly” in mandarin. However, the
complainant only heard either her brother or sister say very loudly “Papa
molester!”, followed by laughter. Although the door was locked, it could be
easily unlocked with a coin. The complainant attempted to push against the
door to close it but could not. The accused then entered the toilet, closed
the door and locked it. The complainant kept making noises and asked him to
leave but was told by the accused to keep quiet. He then turned the
complainant around to face the toilet bowl and raped her for about six
minutes. Thereafter he told the complainant to wash up and not to tell anyone
about what happened. Subsequently, the complainant washed up, got dressed and
left the house with the accused and her siblings to go to her mother’s
workplace. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB at p 13 para 11; NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 69 lines 3–21.

Events pertaining to the second charge

11 In relation to the second charge, the complainant claimed that on 9 January
2015, after she got home from a school carnival at about 6 or 7pm, her mother
had already left the house to play Mah-jong. The accused and the complainant’s
siblings were at home. The complainant did her homework and watched some
television before deciding to take a shower. She claimed that after she had
showered, the accused raped her in her room.

12 The complainant related that she had gone to her room after her shower and
was hanging up her bath towel when the accused entered her room. She then
walked out of her room to retrieve her phone from her parents’ room, but just
as she was about to enter it, the accused grabbed her from behind and lifted
her slightly and brought her back to her own room. The complainant shouted for
her sister but she did not respond. The accused pushed the complainant onto
her bed, closed and locked the door. He covered her face with a blanket and
pulled down her pink shorts and underwear. The complainant kicked her legs in
an attempt to move away from him but was unsuccessful. The accused then raped
her for ten to fifteen minutes. Thereafter the complainant felt the accused
use something rough to wipe her vagina area and she assumed he had ejaculated.
The accused then told her to go to the toilet to wash up. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB at pp 15–17 para 14–16.

13 The complainant put on the same pink shorts 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 44 lines 7–15.

and went back to the toilet to shower again, during which she felt discharge
coming out from her vagina. She then washed the underwear that she had worn
during the incident and hung it to dry at the yard after showering. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB at p 17 para 17.

However she did not wash the pink shorts and instead hung it on the window
grille of her room. This was because she had the habit of wearing the same
clothing at least twice before sending it for washing. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 44 (lines 5–31), p 53 (lines 14–21), p 55
(lines 22–24).

The prosecution’s case

14 The prosecution submitted that the complainant was an unusually convincing
witness whose testimony alone warranted the conviction of the accused on both
charges. Her testimony was internally and externally consistent. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions dated 13 August 2018 (“PCS”) at paras 19–36.

Her recollection of material background particulars in relation to the two
charges was confirmed by the testimony of the accused and his wife (who is
also the complainant’s mother, and who will be referred to in this GD
interchangeably as “complainant’s mother” and “accused’s wife”). This
included, in relation to the first charge, the fact that the accused did not
go to work and was on medical leave on 19 November 2014. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PCS at para 31.

In relation to the second charge, the accused prevaricated on the stand and
attempted to belatedly manufacture an alibi for himself by suggesting that his
wife could have been at the flat on the night of 9 January 2015. However, the
accused’s wife herself could not recall with any certainty whether she was out
playing Mah-jong that night or not and her position did not assist the
defence. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PCS at paras 34–36.

The prosecution further submitted that the complainant was candid on the stand
and testified in a forthright manner that was fair to the accused. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PCS at paras 37–38.

15 The prosecution further submitted that the complainant’s testimony was
corroborated by other evidence. First, the presence of the accused’s semen on
the interior crotch area of the complainant’s shorts was strong incriminating
evidence against the accused. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PCS at paras 39–41

The accused was unable to account for the presence of his semen on the pink
shorts. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PCS at paras 45–51.

The defence did not challenge the chain of custody of the evidence or the
accuracy of the DNA analysis either. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PCS at paras 42–44.

The medical report of the complainant, which showed that there was an old tear
on the complainant’s hymen, was also corroborative evidence. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCS at paras 52–55.

The defence’s case

16 The accused denied committing the offences. The defence’s principal case
was that the complainant had a motive to fabricate the allegations against the
accused as the accused and his wife were strict with her in terms of
discipline and she wanted to obtain freedom from them. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defence’s closing submissions (“DCS”) at paras 6a, 6g, 38.

The defence submitted that the possibility of fabrication was supported by the
testimony of the accused’s wife, given that the wife had testified that the
complainant was rebellious and had disciplinary issues. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DCS at paras 48–49.

17 The defence also submitted that the complainant’s credibility was
undermined given that the complainant had not complained of the alleged
offences that took place on 19 November 2014 and 9 January 2015 to her mother
or any other persons immediately after the incidents, and had only reported
the incidents to the police on 13 January 2015. In fact, the complainant’s
mother had testified that the complainant had acted normally and did not show
any distress on 19 November 2014, after the alleged rape had taken place. The
family had even gone for dinner together that night after the alleged rape. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DCS at para 50.

18 The defence also submitted that there were inconsistencies in the
testimonies of the prosecution witnesses in relation to how the complainant
had disclosed the sexual abuse, which affected the complainant’s credibility.
The alleged incidents of rape came to light when the complainant asked her
boyfriend if he would still like her if she was no longer a virgin, which led
to the complainant confiding in her boyfriend of the sexual abuse. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AB at p 8 para 3.

According to the boyfriend, the complainant had asked him this question face-
to-face 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AB at p 22 para 2; NE dated 4 September 2017 at p 27, lines 19–20.

whereas according to the complainant, the conversation took place over on an
online platform, ie, “Instagram” and “Dance Up”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AB at p 8 para 3; NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 57–58.

In addition, in relation to the timing of the conversation, the boyfriend
stated that it took place in January 2015 after school had reopened following
the holidays, while according to the complainant, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AB at p 8 para 3

the conversation took place in December 2014. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DCS at para 24.

Further, the complainant’s account is that subsequently, her boyfriend had
told a mutual friend of theirs (“B”) that she had been raped by her father. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AB p 10 at para 4.

However, B’s account was that it was the complainant herself who told him
about the rape over a phone call. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DCS at para 27; AB p 30 at para 4; NE dated 4 September 2017 p 41 lines 26–30.

The defence submitted that these inconsistencies were material discrepancies
which undermined the credibility of the testimonies of the respective
witnesses. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DCS at para 30.

19 The defence also pointed to inconsistencies in the complainant’s account of
the dates of the alleged rapes under the first charge and second charge and of
the other instances in which the complainant claimed that the accused had
sexual intercourse with her. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DCS at para 31–34.

In relation to the first charge, the complainant’s conditioned statement
stated that the rape took place on 19 November 2014. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Exhibit C1; AB p 13 para 11.

However, the complainant had recounted to her school counsellor that the
incident took place sometime between 14 and 19 December 2014. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AB p 34 at para 5.

Likewise in relation to the second charge, the charge stated that the offence
took place in the night of 9 January 2015 or the early hours of 10 January
2015. However, the complainant had previously recounted to her school
counsellor that the incident took place on 11 January 2015. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AB p 34 at para 6.

When she reported the offences to the police on 13 January 2015, the
complainant also stated that the incident under the second charge took place
on 11 January 2015. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AB p 15 at para 14; DCS at para 34.

20 The defence therefore submitted that the complainant’s testimony was not
convincing. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DCS at paras 37, 41.

On the other hand, the accused’s testimony remained largely unshaken and
unchallenged in material aspects. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DCS at para 44.

The defence also submitted, though without significant explanation, that there
was a lack of corroborating evidence in the present case. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

DCS at paras 39–41.

21 In relation to the DNA evidence, which confirmed that the accused’s semen
was on the pair of pink shorts that the complainant said she had worn during
the incident underlying the second charge, the defence submitted that it was
probable that the unwashed shorts had been placed inside the family’s common
laundry basket first before it was hung on the window grille and that the
accused’s semen was transferred to the pink shorts from other clothing. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DCS at paras 43, 45.

According to the defence, this was supported by the testimony of the
complainant’s mother who stated that the family’s dirty clothing would
normally be mixed together in one common laundry basket. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE dated 2 July 2018 at p 45 lines 1–32.

It was argued that there was no other incriminating evidence against the
accused and that the accused’s defence, ie, a bare denial should be accepted.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DCS at paras 46–47.

22 Finally, in relation to the second charge, the defence also suggested that
based on the testimony of the complainant’s mother, there was a possibility
that the complainant’s mother had not actually gone out to play Mah-jong on
the night of 9 January 2015 and had been at home instead, which would mean
that there was no window of opportunity for the accused to have committed the
offence alleged. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DCS at para 51.

The admissibility of the contested statement

The evidence

23 The accused was required to report to the Serious Sexual Crimes Branch
(“SSCB”) at Police Cantonment Complex on 2 April 2015 to extend his bail,
along with his wife, who was his bailor. ASP Xu had also made arrangements and
notified the accused in advance that a second statement would be recorded from
him immediately after the bail extension on 2 April 2015 at the SSCB. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE dated 6 September 2017 at p 37 lines 20–31.

The first statement had been recorded from the accused when he was first
arrested on 13 January 2015. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE dated 6 September 2017 at p 52 lines 3–6.

24 Accordingly, on 2 April 2015, the accused reported to the SSCB along with
his wife. After the bail extension was completed, the accused was brought into
an interview room at SSCB for his second statement to be recorded. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE dated 6 September 2017 at p 41 lines 22–25.

The accused’s wife waited for the accused at the waiting area of the SSCB
while his statement was recorded. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE dated 27 June 2018 at p 48 lines 23–27

25 The accused claimed that the statement he had given on 2 April 2015 was not
given voluntarily. He therefore subsequently sought to retract his confession.
On 15 June 2015, he provided another statement to the police, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Exhibit TWT-P6.

the material portions of which read:

11\. I provided my statement to ASP Samantha Xu on 2nd April 2015 and I
informed my counsel after that that I wish to make some changes to my
statement. This is because I gave a false statement to the investigation
officer on 2nd April 2015. I did not have sex with [the complainant].

12\. On 2nd April 2015, I said that I had sex with [the complainant] because I
was scared to be thrown into lock-up if I denied that I had sex with her. The
investigation officer said I would be thrown into lock-up if I did not admit.
I have been in jail before and people who have been in jail before are scared
to go back to jail.

13\. I was also stressed at that time as the investigation officer repeatedly
asked me if I had sex with [the complainant]. That is all.

26 In addition, during his psychiatric interviews on 10 June 2015 and 8 July
2015 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE dated 7 September 2017 at p 8 lines 10–11.

with Dr Jaydip Sarkar (“Dr Sarkar”) from the Institute of Mental Health, the
accused informed Dr Sarkar that he was threatened when he was interrogated by
the police. Dr Sarkar’s report states: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Exhibit TWT-P1 at p 3.

He vehemently denied that he had engaged in any kind of sexual or molestation
type activity with his daughter, during his lock-up and interrogation shortly
after the complaint was made. He said 2-3 months later he was interrogated
again by SSCB who allegedly threatened to ‘put me in lock-up on the spot if I
did not admit to it (meaning the allegation of rape). They said I am an ex-
convict and hence I must have done it. I knew this was a serious charge but I
admitted to it, because otherwise they would put me in police cells’. He
claims that the ‘confession’ was obtained under pressure and says it is a
false confession. [emphasis in original]

The prosecution’s version of the events on 2 April 2015

27 According to ASP Xu, on 2 April 2015, after the accused’s bail had been
extended, she brought the accused to an interview room at SSCB. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE dated 6 September 2017 at p 41 lines 22–25.

Prior to commencing the statement recording, she had left the accused alone in
the interview room and returned to her workstation where she asked ASP Raj to
interview the accused first. She did so as she thought that the accused may
feel uncomfortable admitting what he did to a female police officer. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE dated 6 September 2017 at p 43 (lines 2–31) – p 44 (lines 1–14), p 46
(lines 1–7).

28 ASP Raj testified that he then went over to the interview room and that
during the five to ten minute duration that he was with the accused in the
interview room, he had only informed the accused that he had failed his
polygraph examination and told him to tell the truth. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE dated 7 September 2017 at p 18.

He denied that he had rendered any threat, inducement or promise to the
accused. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE dated 7 September 2017 at p 23 lines 22–28.

29 Subsequently, ASP Xu returned to the interview room from her workstation
upon which ASP Raj left the interview room. ASP Raj did not return to the
interview room at any time after that. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE dated 7 September 2017 at p 18 (lines 29–31) – p 19 (lines 1–13); NE dated
6 September 2017 at p 47 (lines 14–16).

After ASP Raj left the room, ASP Xu commenced the statement recording at
2.45pm, which lasted until 5.28pm. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE dated 6 September 2017 at p 46 (lines 9–28); NE dated 27 June 2018 p 64
lines 24–25.

ASP Xu testified that the accused was cooperative during the statement
recording and she denied that any threat, inducement or promise had been
rendered to the accused on 2 April 2015. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE dated 6 September 2017 at p 48 lines 24–26; p 51 lines 7–15.

30 In addition, according to ASP Xu, she did not and could not have provided
any information to the accused on 2 April 2015 concerning the presence of the
accused’s semen on the complainant’s clothing. This was because as of 2 April
2015, she had not yet received any information from the Health Sciences
Authority on the presence of the accused’s semen on the complainant’s clothing
and had only received the information on or around 31 May 2015. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE dated 27 June 2018 p 67 lines 7–13; p 69 lines 5–12; Exhibit TWT–P8 at p 3.

Likewise, ASP Raj testified that he had not at any time during his interview
with the accused mention that that the accused’s semen had been found on the
complainant’s clothing. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE dated 27 June 2018 at p 85 lines 16–19.

The defence’s version of the events on 2 April 2015

31 On the other hand, the defence submitted that during the statement
recording on 2 April 2015, the two interviewing police officers had
pressurised the accused to admit to the offence. The accused initially refused
to admit. The two interviewing police officers then left the interview room
for about ten minutes. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE dated 6 September 2017 at p 33 lines 9–18.

Thereafter, both of them returned to the interview room and “the main officer
informed the accused person that ‘[y]ou have previous antecedent, that you
have been jailed. If you do not admit, I’ll throw [you] in the lock-up.’” 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE dated 6 September 2017 at p 33 lines 22–30.

In addition, according to the defence, ASP Xu had told the accused that the
police had found his semen on the complainant’s clothing during the statement
recording. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE dated 27 June 2018 at p 7 (lines 27–30), p 41 (lines 18–29).

It was further alleged that the male interviewing officer, ie, ASP Raj, had
informed the accused that he would plead for leniency on behalf of the accused
if he cooperated. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defence submissions for the ancillary hearing at para 9; NE dated 7 September
2017 at p 44 lines 1–5

As a result of the threat and promise, the accused gave the contested
statement, in which certain admissions were made by him.

32 The defence relied on a number of text messages exchanged between the
accused and his wife to support its case that the contested statement was not
given voluntarily by the accused. First, the defence adduced the wife’s mobile
phone billing records which showed that while the accused was in the interview
room on 2 April 2015, between 2.59pm to 3.09pm, the accused and his wife had
exchanged text messages. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE dated 27 June 2018 at p 48 (lines 23–28) – p 49 (lines 1–12); Exhibit
TWT-D1.

ASP Xu also confirmed that she did not stop the accused from bringing in any
mobile phone into the interview room during the statement recording. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE dated 27 June 2018 at p 63 lines 17–20.

While the contents of the text messages could not be recovered, the wife
testified that she could more or less recall the details of the messages. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE dated 27 June 2018 at p 49 lines 13–17.

She testified that the accused was the one who sent her a text message first
in which he informed her that the police found semen on the complainant’s
clothing and that they asked him to admit or they would put him in lock-up.
The wife replied by telling the accused that if he did not do it, he should
not admit to the offence. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE dated 27 June 2018 p 49 (lines 18–28) – p 50 (lines 1–7).

33 Second, the defence adduced records of WhatsApp messages exchanged between
the accused and his wife a few days after the statement recording, on 6 April
2015. The accused informed his wife through WhatsApp messages that he had on 2
April 2015 admitted to committing the offence and that he had done so because
the police had threatened to lock him up otherwise. The accused stated in his
WhatsApp message to his wife: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Agreed statement of facts dated 25 June 2018 at p 8, panel 38.

… sry…I lie to all of u…report bail that day, they force me till I can’t take
it le. they say wan lock me up if I really dun admit…so I admitted.. I very
scared of lock up now. im sry.. now y I’m so gan jiong to find a lawyer is to
ask wats Next I need to do.. any help if now I admitted.. I’m so so so sry..
Hope u dun angry mi.. I’m already at my end of road. I have no more choice to
get out of that bloody place just to admit..pls pls dun angry…can u dun tell
mama they all 1st?? I dun wan so many ppl worry.. I’m sry.. on weekend I dun
wan tell u is becos I dun wanna spoil ur weekend.

In the same series of WhatsApp messages exchanged between the accused and his
wife on 6 April 2015, the accused also told his wife that the investigating
officers informed him that they found his semen on the complainant’s clothing
and could charge him and lock him up if he did not confess: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Agreed statement of facts dated 25 June 2018 at p 9, panel 43.

Accused: They say if I dun wan admit they gt evidence now.. n they can charge
mi on the spot n put mi lock up

Wife: U tell me now. What evidence they found? What they say

Wife: I go find lawyer now

Accused: They say gt evidence that my semen found on [the complainant]
clothing

Wife: Did they say what clothing??

Accused: But idk their clothing mean shirt, shorts or pantie

Finding

34 A statement is deemed involuntary pursuant to s 258(3) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) if a threat, inducement or
promise made by a person of authority operated on the mind of the accused in
making the statement. The prosecution has the burden to prove beyond
reasonable doubt that the statement was given voluntarily by the accused.

35 Having heard the evidence and the submissions of the parties at the
ancillary hearing, I found against the prosecution and did not admit the
contested statement recorded from the accused on 2 April 2015. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE dated 29 June 2018 at p 23.

36 First, the prosecution’s version was that ASP Xu and ASP Raj had not
informed the accused about his semen being detected on the accused’s clothing
during the statement recording on 2 April 2015. However, the WhatsApp messages
exchanged between the accused and his wife a few days after the statement was
recorded from the accused (see [33] above) seemed to suggest that there must
have been some suggestion made to the accused then that his semen had been
detected on the complainant’s clothing. There would be no other explanation
for the accused to be able to mention this in his WhatsApp messages to his
wife three days later.

37 The prosecution submitted that the accused had pre-empted the results of
the DNA testing on his own, without being influenced by any suggestion from
ASP Xu or ASP Raj, as he needed to give an explanation to his wife on why he
had given a false confession on 2 April 2015. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE dated 29 June 2018 at p 10 lines 27–29; p 12 lines 9–17.

I did not find this to be a convincing explanation. The accused could have
simply stopped at telling his wife that the police officers had threatened to
lock him up if he did not confess – which was in fact a part of his
explanation to his wife – and say nothing further in relation to the semen
evidence. It did not seem possible that the accused would make this up as an
explanation for giving a false confession if the police had not mentioned
anything about the semen test.

38 In addition, in the statement recorded subsequently on 15 June 2015 where
the accused had sought to retract his confession in the contested statement,
one of the questions posed by ASP Xu to the accused was as follows: 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Exhibit TWT-P6, p 1.

Q35: Why then, in your statement recorded on 2nd April did you say that you
masturbated to [the complainant’s] black panty? [emphasis in original]

This seemed to suggest that something had transpired during the recording of
the statement on 2 April 2015 which led the accused to feel the need to inform
the investigating officer on 2 April 2015 that he had “masturbated to” the
complainant’s black panty. In all likelihood, there would have been some
suggestion made by the investigating officers to the accused, in relation to
the presence of the accused’s semen on the complainant’s clothing. The
prosecution argued that there was a material difference between “masturbated
to” and “masturbated into” 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE dated 29 June 2018 at p 17 lines 24–30.

but any difference did not in my view remove the doubt as to whether some
suggestion was made to the accused in relation to the semen evidence.

39 The prosecution further submitted that even if I were to accept that some
suggestion had been made by the investigating officer(s) to the accused on the
presence of the accused’s semen on the complainant’s clothing, the suggestion
did not constitute nor relate to a threat, inducement or promise which
affected the voluntariness of the contested statement. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE dated 29 June 2018 at p 13 lines 9–13.

While this may be the case, a finding that such a suggestion had indeed been
made would affect the credibility of the two investigating officers since they
had clearly denied making any such suggestion to the accused on 2 April 2015.
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE dated 27 June 2018 at p 67 lines 7–13; p 85 lines 16–19.

40 For the reasons that I have articulated, I found that there was a
possibility that the investigating officers did confront the accused on the
presence of his semen on the complainant’s clothing on 2 April 2015. This
undermined the credibility of the testimonies provided by ASP Xu and ASP Raj,
including their evidence that no threat, inducement or promise whatsoever had
been rendered to the accused by either of them. Accordingly, I found that the
prosecution had not proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the contested
statement was given voluntarily and declined to admit the statement at the
conclusion of the ancillary hearing.

41 At the end of the prosecution’s cross-examination of the accused, the
prosecution made an application under s 279(7) of the CPC for a
reconsideration of the admissibility of the contested statement. The provision
reads:

If the court, after hearing evidence in the main trial, is doubtful about the
correctness of its earlier decision whether or not to admit the evidence at
the ancillary hearing, it may call on the prosecution and the defence to make
further submissions.

The prosecution sought to rely on the accused’s agreement under cross-
examination that there was a difference between the terms “masturbated to” and
“masturbated into” to justify its application for a reconsideration of the
admissibility of the contested statement. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE dated 2 July 2018 at p 21; Prosecution’s skeletal submissions on the
application of s 297(7) CPC dated 2 July 2018 at paras 2–3.

42 I found that this concession by the accused on the difference between the
terms was insufficient to prove that no suggestion was made to the accused on
the presence of his semen on the complainant’s clothing. This is because I
had, in addition to the statement of 15 June 2015, also relied on the WhatsApp
messages exchanged between the accused and his wife on 6 April 2015 in making
my decision, where the difference between the two terms was irrelevant. I
therefore dismissed the prosecution’s application under s 279(7) of the CPC
and maintained my decision not to admit the contested statement. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE dated 2 July 2018 at pp 23–24.

43 Notwithstanding the non-admission of the contested statement, I found that
the prosecution had established the elements of the charges against the
accused beyond reasonable doubt for reasons which I shall now turn to.

Whether the complainant’s testimony was unusually convincing

44 It is trite that in cases involving sexual offences, the complainant’s
evidence must be “unusually convincing” to overcome any doubts that might
arise from the lack of corroboration, in order for the accused to be convicted
of the offence based on the complainant’s testimony alone (AOF v Public
Prosecutor [2012] 3 SLR 34 (“AOF”) at [111]). A complainant’s testimony would
be unusually convincing if the testimony “when weighed against the overall
backdrop of the available facts and circumstances, contains that ring of truth
which leaves the court satisfied that no reasonable doubt exists in favour of
the accused” (see Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik
[2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 at [39]; Haliffie bin Mamat v Public Prosecutor and other
appeals [2016] 5 SLR 636 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Prosecution’s bundle of authorities dated 18 August 2018 at Tab B.

at [28]). Relevant considerations in determining whether a complainant is
unusually convincing include his or her demeanour, as well as the internal and
external consistencies in his or her testimony (AOF at [115]).

45 In this case, I found the testimony of the complainant to be unusually
convincing. In any event, there was corroborative evidence of her allegations
against the accused.

Internal consistency

46 First, the complainant’s version of events in relation to the two charges
against the accused contained a level of detail which was consistent with
someone who was telling the truth. She could recall specific details which
eliminated, or at the very least, reduced significantly the possibility that
her account was fabricated. In relation to the first charge for example, the
complainant recalled that she had called out to her sister for assistance when
the accused tried to enter the toilet but that all she heard was either her
brother or sister say the words “Papa molester!” and that there was laughter
thereafter. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

AB p 13 at para 11; NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 68 lines 11–26.

She recalled the manner she was standing when her father raped her, that she
was facing the wall and that she had to place her hands “on the top of the
toilet near the flush to maintain [her] balance” and other particulars. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

AB at p 13 para 11.

Likewise in relation to the incident under the second charge, she recalled
that the accused had covered her face with her blanket, that she had pressed
her hands against the blanket that was covering her face as she was very
scared and that she had kicked her legs to move away from him, amongst other
details. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

AB at p 16 para 16.

The complainant maintained her account of events under cross-examination and I
found her demeanour on the stand to be credible.

47 In relation to the inconsistencies pointed out by the defence concerning
the complainant’s recollection of the dates of the incident underlying the
second charge, in particular, the fact that she had initially informed her
school counsellor and the police that the events of the second charge took
place on 11 January 2015 and not 9 January 2015 (see [19] above), I found the
inconsistency to be minor and immaterial. The complainant had also provided a
reasonable explanation for the discrepancy, which was that she had earlier
given the date of 11 January 2015 as 11 January is the date of her friend’s
birthday and she had been thinking about that and was confused when she first
made the report. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

AB at p 15 para 14.

The inconsistency in the date provided to the school counsellor in relation to
the first charge was also minor and immaterial. This is especially given that
there were not just one or two but a total of eight instances of rape alleged
by the complainant.

External consistency

First charge

48 There was also external consistency in the complainant’s testimony. The
complainant’s evidence on the material events of the day prior to and
subsequent to the rape in the first charge was uncontested. The accused and
the complainant’s mother both confirmed that on 19 November 2014, the accused
did not go to work, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE dated 2 July 2018 at p 11 lines 15–17; NE dated 2 July 2018 at p 48 lines
22–27.

and that in the evening, the accused brought the complainant and her siblings
to the mother’s workplace as the complainant’s brother had an appointment that
day in the clinic there. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE dated 2 July 2018 at p 48 (lines 29–32) – p 49 (lines 1–15); NE dated 2
July 2018 at p 11 lines 9–21.

The complainant’s brother’s X-ray record, with a time-stamp indicating that it
was taken on 19 November 2014 at 5.11pm at the clinic, was also adduced by the
prosecution as corroborative evidence. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Exhibit P70.

49 In addition, although the evidence of the complainant’s brother and sister
was that they could not recall hearing the complainant call for help on 19
November 2014, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PS 18 para 4; PS 19 para 4.

given that they were very young at that time (seven years old and nine years
old respectively 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PS 18 and PS 19.

) and with the passage of time, their lack of recollection was understandable
I am of the view that this did not undermine the complainant’s testimony. It
was unlikely that they would have appreciated the gravity of the situation at
the time as well.

Second charge

50 In relation to the second charge, the complainant’s boyfriend and the
accused both confirmed that there was a school carnival on 9 January 2015 and
that the complainant attended it. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

AB p 23 para 4; NE dated 2 July 2018 at p 12 line 23.

51 The defence suggested that there was a possibility that the complainant’s
mother did not go out to play Mah-jong on the night of 9 January 2015 and
therefore that there was no window of opportunity for the accused to have
committed the offence that night (see [22] above). However, the complainant’s
mother, who was a defence witness, could not herself recall if she had gone
out that night or not for her Mah-jong session. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE dated 2 July 2018 at p 50 lines 22–24.

Therefore, her evidence did not contradict the complainant’s version of
events. The accused had also prevaricated on the stand in relation to whether
the complainant’s mother was at home that night. He first testified that the
complainant’s mother would sometimes go out to play Mah-jong on Friday nights
but that he could not remember if she had gone out to play Mah-jong on 9
January 2015 itself (a Friday). 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE dated 29 June 2018 at p 36 lines 15–24.

Subsequently, he changed his evidence to state his belief that she did not go
out to play Mah-jong on 9 January 2015. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE dated 2 July 2018 at p 12 lines 12–28.

I found the accused’s testimony to be inconsistent and the reason provided by
the accused for the inconsistency not credible. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE dated 2 July 2018 at p 13 (lines 1–32) – p 14 (lines 1–9).

Disclosure of the sexual abuse

52 In addition, the inconsistencies raised by the defence between the
testimonies of the complainant, her boyfriend and B in relation to how the
abuse was disclosed to the boyfriend and B (see [18] above), were minor and
did not undermine the complainant’s credibility. The testimonies of the
boyfriend and B in relation to how they came to know about the complainant’s
sexual abuse and how the offences were eventually reported were consistent
with material aspects of the complainant’s account. This included the
boyfriend’s testimony that the complainant had first asked him if he would
still like her if she was no longer a virgin and her subsequent confiding in
him about the sexual abuse. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

AB at p 22 para 2.

In addition, the boyfriend confirmed the complainant’s reluctance to make a
police report as she was scared that her family would be broken up. He had to
persuade her to report the offences to the police or school counsellor. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

AB at p 23 para 4; NE dated 4 September 2017 at pp 28 (line 32) – 29 (lines
1–21).

B likewise confirmed that the complainant was reluctant to report the offences
as she was scared and that he had, like the boyfriend, also persuaded her to
do so. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

AB at p 31 paras 5–6; NE dated 4 September 2017 at p 42 lines 26–28.

Reluctance in reporting the offences

53 Finally, contrary to the submissions of the defence (see [17] above), I did
not find that there was any undermining of the complainant’s credibility as a
result of her initial reluctance to make a police report and seeming lack of
distress during and immediately after the incidents of rape (for instance, her
failure to shout or scream during the rape and continuation with her
activities after the rape). The complainant testified that she was “scared”
and “did not know what to do” when the accused started to rape her. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 60 lines 20–30.

She feared that she would be judged and thought of as a “bad girl” if she were
to confide in anyone about the rapes. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 73 lines 20–29.

She was also worried that her mother would not believe her, and that her
disclosure would cause her relationship with her family to “turn sour”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 74 lines 4–9.

54 This was consistent with the testimonies of the boyfriend and B on the
explanations the complainant had provided to them for her reluctance to
disclose the offences to the police and school counsellor (see [52] above).
Similarly, the school counsellor’s evidence was that the complainant also told
her that the reason she did not disclose the abuse to her earlier was because
she was afraid that a police report would be lodged and that her family would
be destroyed. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

AB p 35 para 13.

55 I found the complainant’s initial non-disclosure and inaction to be
completely understandable and the explanations provided by her to be
believable, especially in the light of the circumstances and her youth at the
material time. The prosecution referred to the following observations by Aedit
Abdullah J in Public Prosecutor v Yue Roger Jr [2018] SGHC 125 (at [30]–[31]),
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Prosecution’s bundle of authorities dated 13 August 2018 at Tab D; PCS at para
29.

which I agree with:

I accepted that victims of sexual offences may not behave in a stereotypical
way. Many victims report their sexual abuse early to a family member, friend,
the police, or other person in authority. However, there is no general rule
requiring victims of sexual offences to report the offences immediately or in
a timely fashion. Instead, the explanation for any such delay in reporting is
to be considered and assessed by the court on a case-by-case basis (see DT v
Public Prosecutor [2001] 2 SLR(R) 583 at [62]; Tang Kin Seng v Public
Prosecutor [1996] 3 SLR(R) 444 at [79]). While I accept that an omission to
report the offence in a timely fashion, in the absence of other evidence, may
in certain circumstances make it difficult to establish a case against the
accused beyond reasonable doubt, I emphasise that the effect of any delay in
reporting always falls to be assessed on the specific facts of each individual
case.

… While the average adult may be expected to react in a particular way – for
example, to resist, report or complain about an assault as soon as possible –
a child or juvenile cannot be expected to always react similarly. The thinking
process, assumptions and viewpoint of a child or juvenile victim may lead to a
course of action that may on its face appear unreasonable or improbable to an
adult. However, the court must always be mindful of the reasons behind what
may seem like unexpected conduct on the part of a child or juvenile victim,
and should not measure a child or juvenile by adult standards.

56 Therefore, I was satisfied that the complainant’s testimony was unusually
convincing and sufficient on its own to prove the charges against the accused.
In any event, there was strong corroborative evidence of the complainant’s
allegations, to which I shall now turn.

The DNA evidence

57 On the day in which the police report was lodged on 13 January 2015, the
police carried out a search of the flat and seized a number of items,
including a pair of pink shorts hanging at the window grille of the
complainant’s room, which the complainant told the police she had worn during
the last instance of rape, ie, the incident under the second charge. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

AB p 42 para 10.

According to the complainant, the pair of pink shorts was not washed after the
incident. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 44 lines 18–22.

58 The police handed over the pink shorts, along with other seized items, to
the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) for DNA testing. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

AB p 50, para 34; AB p 77, para 2.

The accused’s DNA sample was collected at the Police Cantonment Complex on 14
January 2015 and sent to the HSA on 15 January 2015. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

AB p 49 para 24; AB pp 66–70; AB p 93, paras 2–3.

The complainant’s DNA sample was taken at KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital
on 21 January 2015 and sent to the HSA on 23 January 2015. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

AB p 50, para 33; AB pp 61–65; AB p 93, paras 4–5.

The accused’s DNA profile was marked “S131666” 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

AB p 74, para 2.

while the complainant’s DNA profile was marked “A070570”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

AB p 71, para 2.

59 The DNA testing revealed that the accused’s semen was present on the
interior crotch area of the complainant’s pink shorts. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AB pp 77–89.

In relation to the methodology of the testing, the evidence of the HSA DNA
profiling analyst who conducted the test (“Mr Tan”) may be briefly summarised
as follows:

(a) A presumptive test for semen and vaginal fluid, known as an “acid
phosphatase test” or “AP test”, was first carried out on the pair of pink
shorts. Two areas on the pink shorts, Area 1 and Area 2 tested positive for
seminal and vaginal fluids. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 7 lines 18–28, p 12 lines 7–19.

Area 1 and Area 2 were both located on the interior of the shorts. Area 2 was
located on the interior crotch area of the shorts. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

AB p 88 Figure 8; NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 12 lines 15–18.

(b) As the AP test was positive, a confirmatory protein test for two types of
proteins, semenogelin and prostate-specific antigen, was then carried out on
Area 1 and Area 2. The two areas tested positive for both proteins. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 7 lines 18–28; p 14 lines 2–3.

The presence of the two proteins indicated the presence of semen. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 15 lines 5–6.

(c) DNA analysis on Area 1 and Area 2 was then carried out and the following
results obtained:

(i) Area 1: No spermic fraction (ie, DNA profile obtained from sperms 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 30 line 25.

) was obtained either due to the lack of or insufficient sperms on Area 1 to
produce a profile. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 24 (lines 30–32) – p 25 (lines 1–7); AB at p
81.

Epithelial fraction (ie, DNA profile obtained from all non-sperm cells 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 30 lines 22–23.

) matched A070570 (ie, the complainant’s DNA) and S131666 (ie, the accused’s
DNA). 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 32 (lines 25–32) – p 33 (lines 1–2); AB at p
81.

(ii) Area 2: Spermic fraction matched S131666 (ie, the accused’s DNA). 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 25 lines 18–22; AB p 81.

Epithelial fraction of Area 2 matched A070570 (ie, the complainant’s DNA). 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

AB p 81.

60 In essence, the testing result for Area 2 was the most incriminating
against the accused. The area tested positive for sperms which matched the
accused’s DNA. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 25 lines 11–22.

Further, Mr Tan gave evidence that the probability of another person having
the same DNA profile as the accused was, among the Chinese population 1 in 6.6
sextillion (6.6 × 1021), among the Malay population 1 in 12 sextillion (1.2 ×
1022) and for the Indian population 1 in 270 sextillion (2.7 × 1023). 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 26 lines 6–12; AB p 82 para 2.

The improbability was stark. The test results strongly corroborated the
complainant’s testimony in relation to the second charge, ie, that the accused
had raped her and during the rape, the accused had ejaculated. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

AB, p 16 para 16.

61 The defence did not challenge the chain of custody of the evidence nor the
accuracy of the DNA test results and analysis.

62 In addition, the accused accepted that the pair of pink shorts belonged to
the complainant and that the complainant’s mother had never worn them. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NE dated 2 July 2018 p 3 lines 25–27.

The accused also testified that he had never masturbated and ejaculated into
any of the complainant’s clothing. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE dated 2 July 2018 p 3 lines 11–17.

Crucially, the accused even agreed during cross-examination that he had no
innocent explanation for the presence of his semen on the complainant’s
shorts: 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE dated 2 July 2018 p 3 lines 8–10.

Q Yes. I’ll put it this way, Mr [BND]. If you didn’t rape [the complainant],
you have no explanation for how your semen came to be in her shorts. Correct?

A I guess you can say that.

63 The defence explored the possibility that the presence of the accused’s
semen on the complainant’s pink shorts was a result of the pink shorts being
mixed with the accused’s clothing in a common laundry basket. Mr Tan testified
that it was possible for semen to be transferred from one piece of clothing to
another, as a result of the two pieces of clothing being placed together. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 p 31 at lines 5–10.

In addition, the complainant’s mother’s testimony was that the family’s dirty
clothing would all be placed in a common laundry basket prior to washing. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE dated 2 July 2018 at p 45; DCS at para 43.

64 However, there was no evidence that the complainant’s pink shorts had been
placed in a common laundry basket prior to being placed at the window grille.
The complainant testified that after the rape under the second charge, she had
hung the pink shorts on the window grille of her bedroom rather than send it
for washing as she had the habit of wearing the same clothing twice before
putting the clothes in the common laundry basket for washing. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NE dated 5 September 2017 at p 44 lines 7–31, p 53 lines 19–21, p 55 lines
22–24.

The investigating officer and the crime scene photographer corroborated the
complainant’s account when they testified that the pair of pink shorts was
hanging on the window grille when they visited the flat on 13 January 2015 (as
depicted in the scene photo 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Exhibit P13.

). 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NE dated 4 September 2017 at p 18 lines 8–23; NE dated 6 September 2017 at p
29 lines 17–29.

Further, although the complainant’s mother testified that she did not allow
her children to hang their clothing on the window grille, she conceded that
her children persisted in doing so despite her prohibition. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NE dated 2 July 2018 at p 59 lines 24–32.

In any event the police found that pink shorts hanging on the window grille in
circumstances where there was no anticipation by the complainant that they
would raid the flat. I was therefore satisfied that the pink shorts had not
been mixed with any of the accused’s clothing prior to being seized.

65 The presence of the accused’s semen on the complainant’s pink shorts was
therefore a strong incriminating piece of evidence against the accused.

The complainant’s medical report

66 The prosecution submitted that the complainant’s medical report, which
disclosed an old tear in the complainant’s hymen was another piece of
corroborative evidence against the accused. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

AB pp 90–92; PCS at paras 52–55.

The medical report arose from a medical examination of the complainant
conducted by Dr Shivamalar Vijayagiri (“Dr Vijayagiri”) at KK Women’s and
Children’s Hospital after the police report was lodged.

67 In my judgment, the report was of limited usefulness. This was because the
possibility that the old tears were caused by other acts and not the offences
allegedly committed by the accused could not be eliminated. Dr Vijayagiri had
testified that hymenal tears could be caused by other activities such as
vigorous exercise or medical procedures involving instruments. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NE dated 8 September 2017 at p 3 lines 26–31.

Further, in AOF, the Court of Appeal held that a medical report of a
complainant confirming a tear in her hymen would, absent exceptional
circumstances, generally only be relevant in establishing the fact that the
complainant had sustained injuries to her vagina, and would not be
corroborative of the complainant’s allegation that the injuries had been
caused by the accused in that case (AOF at [197] citing B v Public Prosecutor
[2003] 1 SLR(R) 400).

68 Therefore, I did not rely on the medical report as corroborative evidence
against the accused.

Motive to fabricate

69 The prosecution has a burden to prove beyond reasonable doubt that there
was an absence of motive to fabricate the allegations against the accused on
the part of the complainant. In Goh Han Heng v Public Prosecutor [2003] 4
SLR(R) 374 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Prosecution’s bundle of authorities dated 13 August 2018 at Tab A.

(“Goh Han Heng”), Yong Pung How CJ held that such burden on the prosecution
arises only where the accused was able to show that the complainant had a
motive to falsely implicate him. Yong CJ stated at [33] of the decision:

… [W]here the accused can show that the complainant has a motive to falsely
implicate him, then the burden must fall on the Prosecution to disprove that
motive. This does not mean that the accused merely needs to allege that the
complainant has a motive to falsely implicate him. Instead, the accused must
adduce sufficient evidence of this motive so as to raise a reasonable doubt in
the Prosecution’s case. Only then would the burden of proof shift to the
Prosecution to prove that there was no such motive. To hold otherwise would
mean that the Prosecution would have the burden of proving a lack of motive to
falsely implicate the accused in literally every case, thereby practically
instilling a lack of such a motive as a constituent element of every offence.

70 In AOF, the Court of Appeal clarified that the above statements from Goh
Han Heng should not be interpreted as “suggesting that the Prosecution bears
the legal burden to disprove the allegation of collusion only after the
accused has discharged his evidential burden by proving a motive for collusion
to a standard that is sufficient to create a reasonable doubt in the
Prosecution’s case” [emphasis in the original]. Instead, the accused has an
evidential burden to show that the complainant had a “plausible motive” to
fabricate the allegations against the accused (AOF at [216]). The burden then
shifts to the prosecution to disprove this beyond a reasonable doubt (AOF at
[217]).

71 The defence’s case was that the complainant had fabricated the allegations
against the accused in order to gain freedom from her parents who were strict
with her. To this end, the accused and the complainant’s mother testified that
the complainant had a tendency to lie and was rebellious, and also raised
other disciplinary issues they faced with the complainant, such as the fact
that there were instances where the complainant had run away from home. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

See for instance NE dated 29 June 2018 at p 30 lines 29–32; NE dated 2 July
2018 at p 36 lines 1–2, p 51.

72 I found that a desire to obtain freedom from her parents was not a
plausible motive for fabrication as it went against the weight of the
evidence. First, the complainant was reluctant to disclose the offences and to
make a police report because, amongst others, she was worried that it would
cause her relationship with her family to “turn sour” (see [53] above). The
matter started with her being concerned that the fact that she was not a
virgin would affect her relationship with her boyfriend. This led to her
eventual disclosure to her boyfriend of the rapes by the accused. And it was
only after much pressuring from him and B that she decided to tell her school
counsellor about the sexual abuse, which in turn led to the police report
being lodged. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

AB p 10 paras 4–5; AB p 23 para 4.

The allegation that the complainant had a motive to fabricate was in stark
contradiction with her reluctance to disclose and report the sexual abuse.
When this inconsistency was pointed out to the accused, no reasonable
explanation was provided. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE dated 2 July 2018 at pp 31–32.

73 Second, the accused conceded that there was no specific trigger such as a
quarrel which took place near the time of the reporting of the incidents that
might have prompted the complainant to fabricate allegations against him. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE dated 2 July 2018 at p 8 lines 23–26.

In fact, the evidence showed that the complainant’s relationship with the
accused was not acrimonious. The complainant’s evidence was that she was
closer to the accused than to her mother. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

AB p 19 paras 26–27.

The accused also testified that he was “quite close” with the complainant, and
that he would bring the complainant and the rest of the family swimming,
shopping, to amusement parks and so on. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NE dated 29 June 2018 p 30 lines 20–25.

74 Third, the weight of the other evidence, including the DNA evidence,
eliminated the possibility that the allegations were fabricated by the
complainant. I agreed with the prosecution 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

PCS at para 6.

that there was no evidence that the complainant was capable of devising a
sophisticated plot in fabricating the allegations against the accused. Such a
plot would involve the complainant (a) informing her boyfriend about the rapes
indirectly by first asking him if he would still like her if she was no longer
a virgin; (b) feigning unwillingness to report the offences to the police in
front of her boyfriend, B, and the school counsellor; (c) manipulating her
boyfriend and B into encouraging her to disclose the offences to their school
counsellor or to file a police report; (d) prior to reporting the matter,
procuring the accused’s semen and applying it on the interior crotch area of
her shorts in anticipation that the police would seize the garment. This was
extremely implausible.

75 For the foregoing reasons, I found that there was no motive on the part of
the complainant to fabricate the allegations against the accused.

Conclusion on guilt

76 In the light of the unusually convincing testimony of the complainant, as
well as the strong corroborative DNA evidence, I found both charges to be
proved against the accused beyond reasonable doubt. The evidence of the
defence witnesses, ie, the accused and the complainant’s mother, did not in
any manner affect the quality of evidence of the prosecution. I accordingly
convicted the accused of both charges.

Sentencing

77 The charges were punishable under s 375(2) of the Penal Code, which states:

Subject to subsection (3), a man who is guilty of an offence under this
section shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 20
years, and shall also be liable to fine or to caning.

78 In Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Prosecution’s bundle of authorities for sentencing at Tab E.

(“Terence Ng”), the Court of Appeal established a sentencing framework for
offences of rape. The Court of Appeal summarised the sentencing framework as
follows at [73] of Terence Ng:

(a) At the first step, the court should have regard to the offence-specific
factors in deciding which band the offence in question falls under. Once the
sentencing band, which defines the range of sentences which may usually be
imposed for an offence with those features, is identified, the court has to go
on to identify precisely where within that range the present offence falls in
order to derive an “indicative starting point”. In exceptional cases, the
court may decide on an indicative starting point which falls outside the
prescribed range, although cogent reasons should be given for such a decision.

(b) The sentencing bands prescribe ranges of sentences which would be
appropriate for contested cases and are as follows:

(i) Band 1 comprises cases at the lower end of the spectrum of seriousness
which attract sentences of ten to 13 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of
the cane. Such cases feature no offence-specific aggravating factors or are
cases where these factors are only present to a very limited extent and
therefore have a limited impact on sentence.

(ii) Band 2 comprises cases of rape of a higher level of seriousness which
attract sentences of 13–17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.
Such cases would usually contain two or more offence-specific aggravating
factors …

(iii) Band 3 comprises cases which, by reason of the number and intensity of
the aggravating factors, present themselves as extremely serious cases of
rape. They should attract sentences of between 17–20 years’ imprisonment and
18 strokes of the cane.

(c) At the second step, the court should have regard to the aggravating and
mitigating factors which are personal to the offender to calibrate the
sentence. These are factors which relate to the offender’s particular personal
circumstances and, by definition, cannot be the same factors which have
already been taken into account in determining the categorisation of the
offence. ...

(d) The court should clearly articulate the factors it has taken into
consideration as well as the weight which it is placing on them. This applies
both at the second step of the analysis, when the court is calibrating the
sentence from the indicative starting point and at the end of the sentencing
process, when the court adjusts the sentence on account of the totality
principle. In this regard, we would add one further caveat. In a case where
the offender faces two or more charges, and the court is required to order one
or more sentences to run consecutively, the court can, if it thinks it
necessary, further calibrate the individual sentence to ensure that the global
sentence is appropriate and not excessive. When it does so, the court should
explain itself so that the individual sentence imposed will not be
misunderstood.

[emphasis in original]

Parties’ submissions

79 The prosecution submitted that a global sentence of at least 28 years’
imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane was an appropriate sentence in this
case. This comprised 14 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for
each charge of rape, with the sentence for each charge to run consecutively.
145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at para 2.

80 The prosecution submitted that the main sentencing principles applicable in
the present case were general and specific deterrence. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at paras 4–9.

It argued that the present case fell within Band 2 of the sentencing framework
established by the Court of Appeal in Terence Ng for offences of rape. The
following factors were cited as offence-specific aggravating factors
applicable in this case: 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at para 13.

(a) Abuse of trust: this was in the light of the familial relationship between
the accused and the complainant, in particular, the fact that the accused was
the complainant’s biological father.

(b) Abuse of a particularly vulnerable victim: this was given the
complainant’s young age of 14 years old at the time of offences.

(c) Ejaculation into the complainant’s vagina which exposed the complainant to
the risk of pregnancy.

The prosecution further explained that to give effect to the totality
principle, the prosecution’s proposed global punishment was based on
individual sentences that had been calibrated to fall at the lower end of Band
2, even though the imposition of more severe individual custodial terms was
supported by authorities. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at para 24.

81 In relation to the offender-specific factors, the prosecution submitted
that there were no mitigating factors since the accused did not demonstrate
remorse and claimed trial. This compelled the complainant to relive her ordeal
by having to testify against him. The prosecution also provided a list of the
accused’s antecedents, which it submitted disclosed the accused’s malevolent
streak. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at paras 14–16.

82 With respect to the running of the sentences, the prosecution submitted
that the sentences for the two charges should run consecutively given the need
for general deterrence, to send a signal that further offending after an
initial transgression, especially in the context of familial sexual abuse,
will be met with severe penal consequences. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at para 19.

In addition, a consecutive sentence was appropriate given that the two charges
of rape were committed on separate and distinct occasions. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at para 22.

83 The defence agreed with the prosecution that the present case fell within
Band 2 of the Terence Ng sentencing framework since there were more than two
offence-specific aggravating factors. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Defence’s mitigation and submissions on sentence at paras 6–7.

It accepted that the following were offence-specific aggravating factors: 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Defence’s mitigation and submissions on sentence at para 6.

(a) the fact that the accused was the biological father of the complainant;

(b) the vulnerability of the complainant given her young age at the material
time of the offences; and

(c) the harm caused to the complainant.

84 The defence submitted that an offence-specific mitigating factor was that
the offences were not premeditated. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Defence’s mitigation and submissions on sentence at paras 8–10.

85 In relation to the offender-specific factors, the defence submitted that
the accused was the main breadwinner of the family and was a responsible
father and husband. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NE dated 14 November 2018 at p 7.

86 In the circumstances, the defence submitted that an imprisonment term of 15
years’ and 12 strokes of the cane for each charge was an appropriate sentence.
156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Defence’s mitigation and submissions on sentence at para 11.

However, the defence submitted that the sentences for both charges should run
concurrently and not consecutively as submitted by the prosecution, as the
sentence would otherwise be crushing. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NE dated 14 November 2018 at p 8 line 12.

Finding

87 I agreed with the prosecution and the defence that the present case fell
within Band 2 of the Terence Ng sentencing framework.

88 There were at least two offence-specific aggravating factors, viz, abuse of
trust given that the accused was the complainant’s biological father, and the
vulnerability of the complainant who was 14 years old at the material time of
the rapes. The accused, as the biological father of the complainant, was
someone in whom the complainant ought to have been able to repose her trust.
The accused however betrayed the relationship and committed the heinous act of
rape against the complainant, who was at the time, still at the tender age of
14 years old. The accused raped his own daughter in the sanctity of her home,
including in her bedroom, and had effectively driven her out of her home.

89 I also rejected the defence’s submission that there was a lack of
premeditation in the offences, and that this was an offence-specific
mitigating factor. Premeditation or the lack thereof was not a relevant
aggravating or mitigating factor in this case.

90 In relation to the offender-specific factors, there were no mitigating
factors. I rejected the defence’s submission that the accused was a
responsible breadwinner and family man and that this should be taken into
account in sentencing as a mitigating factor. The submission flew in the face
of the very nature of the offences that the accused had committed against his
daughter in the present case. The accused also displayed a lack of remorse and
made the complainant go through the trauma of having to give evidence against
him in relation to the rapes, in his presence. As V K Rajah J stated in Public
Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Prosecution’s bundle of authorities for sentencing at Tab A.

(“PP v NF”) at [60]–[62]:

It is almost inevitable that whenever the breadwinner of the family has
committed an offence and is sentenced to a lengthy term of imprisonment, his
family is made to bear and suffer the brunt of his folly. However, the cases
are both clear and consistent on one point. Little if any weight can be
attached to the fact that the family will suffer if the accused is imprisoned
for a substantial period of time …

… [P]articularly, in a case where an accused has committed an offence against
a family member, it does not lie in his mouth to exploit the sympathy that
naturally arises for his family for his own personal benefit in seeking a
reduction of his sentence. The essence of the offence is the emotional and
psychological trauma the offender has inflicted on his family. The offender’s
culpability cannot be simply brushed aside lightly or dusted off purely
because of economic considerations. Lamentably, there are no easy or right
answers in cases of this nature. It can be said, however, that if the accused
had any genuine care and concern for his family, he could and would have
resisted his unnatural impulse in the first place.

91 At the same time, I did not treat the accused’s antecedents as an offender-
specific aggravating factor in the present case since the prior offences took
place many years ago from 1999 to 2000. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at para 15.

As V K Rajah J stated in PP v NF:

66 … One’s criminal record is relevant to the extent that a sentencing judge
may draw certain inferences about the accused’s character, attitude and
likelihood of rehabilitation …

…

70 Apart from examining the similarity or dissimilarity of the offender’s
criminal antecedents vis-à-vis the present conviction, it may also be relevant
to take into account the interval between the most recent conviction and the
current conviction. …

…

72 The rationale for according weight to the length of time that an offender
has stayed clean is two-fold. First, “isolated convictions in the long distant
past” should not, as a matter of logic, be considered evidence of
irretrievably bad character. They might simply be indicative of an occasional
lapse in judgment. Secondly, the nature of the lapse being scrutinised is
crucial. A substantial gap between one conviction and another may be testament
to a genuine effort to amend wanton ways which may even lead a court to
consider the possibility of rehabilitation …

Given the length of time that had elapsed between the accused’s antecedents
and the present offences, I was of the view that the antecedents did not
reflect a pattern of offending on the part of the accused which should be
taken into account as an aggravating factor. The accused’s antecedents
therefore did not affect my determination of the appropriate sentence.

92 In relation to the running of the sentences, I was satisfied that the
sentences imposed for both charges should run consecutively. In Public
Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814, the court held that the one-
transaction rule requires that where two or more offences are committed in the
course of a single transaction, all sentences in respect of those offences
should be concurrent rather than consecutive (at [52]). 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Prosecution’s bundle of authorities for sentencing at Tab D.

Whether multiple offences are carried out in a single transaction requires a
consideration of whether they entail a “single invasion of the same legally
protected interest” which would depend on factors including proximity in time,
place, continuity of action, and continuity in purpose or design (Public
Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Prosecution’s bundle of authorities for sentencing at Tab F.

(“Raveen”) at [39]).

93 In addition, in Raveen, Sundaresh Menon CJ held that as a general rule, a
multiple offender who has committed unrelated offences should be separately
punished for each offence, through individual sentences that run consecutively
(at [41]). The following reasons were provided for the general rule (Raveen at
[42]–[46]):

(a) First, a multiple offender bears greater culpability and will have caused
greater harm than an offender who has committed only a single offence.

(b) Second, concurrent sentences for unrelated offences would not adequately
serve, and in fact may undermine the sentencing considerations that underlie
the individual sentences comprising the aggregate term. In terms of the
sentencing consideration of deterrence, the imposition of concurrent sentences
for unrelated offences would afford an offender who has already committed an
offence less or no real incentive to refrain from committing a further
offence. In addition, from the retributivist perspective, imposing concurrent
sentences for unrelated offences would mean that the second or later legally
protected interest that was infringed would have no apparent vindication in
law. Likewise, the duration of punishment would not adequately reflect the
greater need for public protection against a multiple offender who cannot
claim to have acted in an isolated instance of misjudgement.

(c) Third, allowing a multiple offender to be punished less seriously or even
not at all for a second or further offending is contrary to any notion of
justice. Public confidence in the administration of criminal justice requires
the court to avoid the suggestion that a multiple offender may benefit from
some sort of bulk discount in sentencing.

94 In this case, the offences under both charges were unrelated in that they
were carried out on separate occasions, more than one and a half months apart
from each other, rather than as a single continuous transaction. This was a
point the defence itself accepted. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NE dated 14 November 2018 at p 8 lines 19–27.

Having regard to the principles articulated in Raveen including the reasons
for the general rule of consecutive sentences for unrelated offences, which
were equally relevant and applicable in this case, I was satisfied that the
sentences imposed on the accused for each charge should run consecutively.

95 Taking into account all the circumstances of this case, I was satisfied
that a sentence of 13 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for each
charge of rape, to run consecutively, would be an appropriate sentence in this
case.

96 While the operative offence-specific aggravating factors in this case would
have placed it at the higher end of Band 2 of the Terence Ng sentencing
framework, taking into account the totality principle, I was satisfied that a
consecutive sentence at the lower end of Band 2 would be appropriate. I
therefore sentenced the accused to a global sentence of 26 years’ imprisonment
and 24 strokes of the cane, which was an appropriate sentence to give effect
to the sentencing principles of retribution, as well as general and specific
deterrence applicable in this case.

Conclusion

97 Having considered the evidence and the submissions of the parties, I found
that both charges of rape had been proven against the accused beyond a
reasonable doubt, particularly in the light of the DNA evidence and the
unusually convincing testimony of the complainant in the present case.

98 The heinous offences committed by the accused in this case rendered the
sentencing principles of retribution and deterrence paramount. There was a
need to send out a clear message to the accused and would-be sex offenders
that the abuse of a relationship with a vulnerable victim to satisfy sexual
impulse will be met with severe penal consequences. Taking into account all
the circumstances of the case, I was of the view that a global sentence of 26
years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane was appropriate and sentenced
the accused accordingly.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Winston Man and Chee Ee Ling (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
prosecution;  
A Revi Shanker s/o K Annamalai and Mathew Kurian (ARShanker Law Chambers,
Regent Law LLC) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

