Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 259

Originating Summons No 730 of 2018

Between

Ng Tze Chew Diana  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Aikco Construction Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Recourse against award] — [Appeal under Arbitration
Act] — [Date of award] — [Application to appeal out of time]

  
[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Recourse against award] — [Appeal under Arbitration
Act] — [Extension of time]  
  
[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Recourse against award] — [Appeal under Arbitration
Act] — [Requirements for leave to appeal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ng Tze Chew Diana

  

v

  

Aikco Construction Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 259

High Court — Originating Summons No 730 of 2018  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
30 January, 18 February 2019; 24 May 2019

5 November 2019 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

Introduction

1 This is an application under the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (the
“Act”) by a party to an arbitration for leave to appeal to the High Court on
questions of law arising out of an arbitral award. What is immediately
noticeable about the application is the fact that it was filed in Court almost
ten months after the date of the arbitral award, which is well beyond the
statutory time limit of 28 days from the date of the award. This raises
questions as to whether the court should grant an extension of time for the
application to be made, and what principles the court should apply in such
circumstances.

Background facts

The construction contract

2 The applicant is an owner of a property situated at Jalan Sedap in Singapore
(“the property”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ng Tze Chiew Diana’s first affidavit for HC/OS 1010/2018, dated 17 August 2018
(“NTC1”) p 2 para 5.

By a contract which incorporated the Singapore Institute of Architects
Articles and Conditions of Building Contract (7th Edition, 2005) (“the SIA
Conditions”), 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

NTC1 p 714, clause 3.3 and pp 719 – 772.

the applicant hired the respondent as the main contractor for the construction
of a two-storey semi-detached house on the property (“the contract”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NTC1 pp 713 – 718.

3 The construction of the house did not go smoothly, and the completion
certificate for the project was only issued on 8 March 2011 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Michael Sng’s first affidavit for HC/OS 1010/2018 (“MS1”), p 71.

when the contractually stipulated completion date was 25 June 2010. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NTC1 para 9 and p 714, clause 4.1; MS1 para 9.

Under the completion certificate, it was stated that the date of actual
completion was 19 January 2011, and that the maintenance period would end a
year later on 19 January 2012. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

MS1 p 71.

After the completion certificate was issued, the applicant alleged that there
were numerous defects in the completed works that required rectification.
Hence, up to 30 May 2012, after the maintenance period had expired, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

MS1 p 71.

the respondent continued to carry out rectification works at the property from
time to time. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NTC1 para 12.

Arbitration proceedings

4 In October 2012, the applicant commenced arbitration proceedings against the
respondent in respect of the delay in completion and defects in the works. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NTC1 para 13; MS1 para 11.

In response, the respondent counterclaimed for S$135,676.58, this being the
outstanding sum which it was allegedly owed by the applicant for works carried
out. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

MS1 p 6, para 12 and p 207, para 26.

The respondent further counterclaimed an additional S$54,304 for additional
labour costs. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

MS1 p 81, para 11.1 – 11.2.

5 A sole arbitrator was appointed for the matter. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NTC1 p 52.

Having considered the parties’ respective claims, he awarded as follows:

(a) In respect of the applicant’s claims:

(i) S$156.25 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NTC1 p 707.

of the S$89,215.26 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

MS1 para 11.1 (wrongly stated as $89,245.26) and p 81, para 10.5.

claimed for the alleged discrepancies between the as-built condition of the
house and the construction drawings issued by the architect;

(ii) S$42,979.06 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NTC1 pp 707 – 708.

of the S$374,305.24 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

MS1 para 11.2 and p 81, para 10.4.

claimed for the alleged costs of rectifying various defects in the works;

(iii) Nothing 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NTC1 pp 572 – 573, paras 804 – 806; pp 594 – 595, paras 845 – 846.

of the S$522,000 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

MS1 pp 80 and 111, at para 36.1.

and S$1,200,000 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

MS1 para 11.4 and p 111 at para 36.2.

claimed for the loss of rental and loss in value of the property respectively;
and

(iv) Nothing 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NTC1 pp 562 – 563, paras 778 – 779.

of the S$58,500 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

MS1 para 11.5 and p 80.

claimed for liquidated damages.

(b) In respect of the respondent’s counterclaim for outstanding works and
additional labour costs, the arbitrator allowed the sum of S$98,797.34 in the
respondent’s favour. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NTC1 pp 708 – 709, para 1055.

6 As a result of the arbitrator’s decision, a net sum of S$59,558.37 was due
from the applicant to the respondent. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NTC1 p 709.

Summary of arbitrator’s findings

7 The arbitrator’s award ran 674 pages in length, and his key findings are
detailed in my judgment to Originating Summons Nos 1010 of 2018 and 1108 of
2018 (“OS 1010/2018”), where the applicant is seeking to set aside the
arbitral award, and to resist enforcement of the same. In this judgment, I
will endeavour to set out the gist of the arbitrator’s reasons for his award.
This is relevant as the questions of law which the applicant raises in support
of her leave to appeal will have to be examined against the arbitrator’s
reasons to determine if the various requirements for granting leave to appeal
are met.

8 First, in relation to the alleged discrepancies between the as-built
condition of the house and the construction drawings issued by the architect,
the arbitrator noted that the architect had confirmed during cross-examination
that the alleged discrepancies (or deviations) had been authorised by him,
save for one item. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NTC1 p 601, para 856.

The arbitrator also concluded that the architect had presented himself as a
credible witness, who acted in a non-partisan manner during the hearings
before him. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NTC1 pp 599 – 600, para 852.

Since clause 12(1) of the SIA Conditions permits the architect to sanction all
variations previously carried out by the contractor, the arbitrator found that
the alleged discrepancies were in fact variations that had been sanctioned by
the architect. Accordingly, save for the one item of work which had not been
sanctioned by the architect, for which the arbitrator awarded the applicant
S$156.25, the arbitrator found that the respondent was not liable for the
other alleged discrepancies between the respondent’s completed works and the
works specified in the contract. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NTC1 pp 602 – 603, paras 858 – 861.

9 Second, in relation to the claim for defective works, the architect
considered the various defects claimed by the applicant, as well as the
evidence of the parties’ quantum experts, in determining the appropriate sum
to award for each item that he found to be a defect. On the whole, the
arbitrator was more inclined towards the evidence of the respondent’s quantum
expert, Mr Stanley Wong, than that of the applicant’s quantum expert, Mr Amos
Teo (“Mr Teo”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NTC1 pp 639 – 682.

This was because he found Mr Teo’s evidence to be less reliable. Just as an
example, Mr Teo had provided a separate amount for scaffolding for a single
item of hairline crack, even though scaffolding was already provided for under
the section of “Preliminaries”. According to the arbitrator, this separate
provision for scaffolding was not logical, unless Mr Teo was suggesting that
for “ten such areas of defects, the [applicant] is going to appoint ten
different contractors … and each individual contractor must install its own
scaffold” to make good the defects. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NTC1 pp 633 – 635, paras 904 – 905.

10 As for the claim for loss of rental, the arbitrator found that the
applicant had not submitted any concrete or substantiated evidence to show
proof that there was any intention to rent out the property. In this regard,
the arbitrator considered that the evidence showed that the applicant’s
intention at all times was to sell, rather than rent, the property. In any
case, there was no proof that her inability to rent out the property was due
to the alleged defects. Furthermore, the loss of rental was too remote a loss,
as it was not within the reasonable contemplation of parties at the time of
the signing of the contract that there would be a claim for loss of rental in
the event that there were defects. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NTC1 pp 570 – 572, paras 800 – 804.

11 Turning to the claim for loss in value of the property, the arbitrator
concluded that there was insufficient evidence to show that the property could
not be sold at the applicant’s expected price of S$7m due to the alleged
defects. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NTC1 p 595, para 846.

The S$7m valuation was based on a text message from a bank officer to the
applicant’s real estate agent. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NTC1 p 925.

However, the arbitrator rejected this text message as hearsay evidence, given
that the bank officer that sent the message was not called to give evidence as
to how she arrived at the figure of S$7m. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NTC1 p 581, para 821.

The arbitrator further rejected the evidence of the applicant’s expert on
property valuation, Mr Goh Tiam Lock (“Mr Goh”). While Mr Goh’s evidence
supported the valuation of S$7m, the arbitrator found that Mr Goh’s valuation
appeared to have been arbitrary and significantly higher than the other
transactions concluded around the same time in the vicinity of the property,
as shown by the records of property transactions maintained by the Urban
Redevelopment Authority. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NTC1 pp 591 – 592, paras 841 – 842.

Apart from being unable to prove that the price of the property was S$7m, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NTC1 p 594, para 845.

the arbitrator also found that the applicant had not proven that the defects
were the cause of the property’s loss in value (if any). This was because
there had been two offers from prospective buyers for the property. Although
these two offers were lower than the applicant’s expected price of S$7m, the
applicant failed to show that the alleged defects were the cause of the lower
prices offered by the prospective buyers. Thus, it could very well have been
that the applicant’s inability to sell the property at S$7m was caused by the
fact that the expected price of S$7m was simply unrealistic, and not because
of the alleged defects. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NTC1 pp 592 – 593, para 843.

As such, the arbitrator found that the applicant did not adduce sufficient
evidence to support her contention that the loss in value of the property was
due to the alleged defects. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NTC1 pp 594 – 595, paras 845 – 846.

12 In relation to the claim for liquidated damages, the arbitrator considered
that, pursuant to clause 24(2) of the SIA Conditions, a claim of liquidated
damages must be founded on a valid delay certificate. In this respect, clause
24(2) provides that “[u]pon receipt of a [d]elay [c]ertificate the [applicant]
shall be entitled to recover from the [respondent] liquidated damages”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NTC1 p 747 clause 24(2).

The architect had issued two delay certificates, with the second purporting to
supersede the first. The architect himself admitted that the first delay
certificate was flawed as it did not state the information required under
clause 24(1) of the SIA Conditions. Hence, he issued a second delay
certificate on 26 October 2015. However, this second delay certificate was
also invalid as clause 31(6) of the SIA Conditions makes clear that an
architect cannot correct or amend or supersede a previous delay certificate
issued by him. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NTC1 p 757.

As both delay certificates issued by the architect were invalid, the
applicant’s claim for liquidated damages failed. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NTC1 pp 562 – 563, paras 778 – 780.

13 Finally, in relation to the respondent’s counterclaim, the arbitrator
awarded the sum of S$98,797.34 to the respondent in respect of works that
remained unpaid for. This sum in main consisted of sums which had been
reflected in the architect’s Statement of Final Account, as well as other
variation works. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NTC1 pp 683 – 709.

However, the respondent’s claim for additional labour costs was rejected
entirely, as the additional labourers had been deployed on the respondent’s
own accord, without the architect’s instruction. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NTC1 p 701, paras 1040 – 1041.

14 Having considered both the applicant’s claims and the respondent’s
counterclaims, the arbitrator concluded that since more was due from the
applicant to the respondent than vice versa, the applicant was to pay the net
amount of S$59,558.37 to the respondent. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NTC1 p 709 para 1057.

Release of the arbitrator’s award

15 Having summarised the arbitrator’s award, I proceed to set out the
chronology of events that led to the release of the arbitrator’s award. The
chronology is important to my decision as to whether an extension of time is
required for the applicant to appeal against the arbitrator’s award, and
whether such extension of time ought to be granted.

16 On 22 March 2017, the respondent’s counsel wrote to the arbitrator that the
respondent was facing financial difficulties. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Ng Tze Chew Diana’s second affidavit for OS 730/2018 (“NTCB”) p 12, para 2.

Pursuant to the respondent counsel’s letter, there was a conference with the
arbitrator on 27 March 2017. During the conference, Mr Michael Sng, the
managing director of the respondent, confirmed that the respondent was in
financial trouble, and that he would arrange to pay the outstanding bill owed
to the arbitrator progressively. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NTCB p 15, para 2.3(b).

Subsequently, in a letter dated 24 April 2017, the respondent informed the
arbitrator that it would try to sell the respondent’s office premises to pay
the outstanding sums owed to the arbitrator. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Michael Sng's second affidavit for OS 730/2018 ("MSB") p 3, para 9; p 13, para
3 and p 18.

17 Later, on 18 July 2017, the arbitrator wrote to the parties to inform them
that the award would be ready for collection from 25 July 2017. He went on to
state that the award would be released upon payment of the outstanding balance
of his fees and expenses, amounting to the aggregate sum of S$57,929.17. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Ng Tze Chew Diana’s first affidavit for OS 730/2018 (“NTCA”) p762 – 764.

The applicant’s and the respondent’s shares of what was outstanding at that
time were S$9,027.09 and S$48,902.08 respectively. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Michael Sng’s first affidavit for OS 730/2018 (“MSA”) p 10, para 18 and p 11,
para 20; NTCB p 2, paras 5 – 6.

18 The award by the arbitrator was dated 25 July 2017, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NTC1 p 52.

but parties did not collect the award on that date.

19 After multiple reminders that the award was ready for collection, the
applicant wrote to the arbitrator on 29 August 2017 to propose that the
arbitrator release the award to her if she paid her outstanding share of
S$9,027.09. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

MSB p 13, para 2.4; p 17, para 2.4

Not unexpectedly, given that Article 16.1 of the Singapore Institute of
Architects Arbitration Rules (2nd Ed, 2009) (“SIA Rules”) provides that
parties are “jointly and severally liable to the Arbitrator for payment of all
such fees and expenses until they have been paid in full”, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities for OS 1010/2018, Tab 12.

the arbitrator did not agree to this proposal, and he instead wrote to the
respondent, requesting that the respondent pay its outstanding share of
S$48,902.09 before he released the award. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

MSB p 13, para 2.4.

20 Thereafter, on 14 September 2017, at a conference with the arbitrator, the
applicant’s counsel was informed that the respondent was still trying to sell
its office premises to raise funds to pay the arbitrator’s fees and expenses.
In light of the situation, the applicant’s counsel indicated that he would
speak to the applicant, for the applicant to consider if she was willing to
pay the balance of the arbitrator’s fees and expenses. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

MSB pp 13 – 14.

However, despite multiple reminders and letters that were sent by the
arbitrator thereafter, no payment was made by either party. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

MSB pp 14 – 22.

21 Finally, after almost ten months, on 17 May 2018, the arbitrator released
the award to the parties even though he had not been paid his outstanding fees
and expenses. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NTCA pp 765 – 766.

22 The respondent subsequently made payment of its share of the outstanding
fees and expenses to the arbitrator on about 18 June 2018. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NTCB pp 22 – 23.

According to the respondent, it had completed the sale of premises on 10 May
2018 and had thus raised the money to be able to make payment. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

MSB p 4, paras 10 – 11.

23 Up to the time the parties appeared before me, the applicant, on the other
hand, has not paid her outstanding share of $9,027.11 to the arbitrator. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

MSA p 14, para 28.

Commencement of proceedings for leave to appeal against arbitrator’s award

24 The applicant commenced these present proceedings on 14 June 2018, seeking
leave to appeal against certain questions of law arising from the award. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Originating Summons 730 of 2018.

This was 28 days after she had received the award on 17 May 2018.

25 The right to appeal against an award is subject to the restrictions under s
50 of the Act (read with s 49(4) of the Act). More specifically, s 50(3) of
the Act provides that an application or appeal must be brought within 28 days
of the date of the award:

49 … (4) The right to appeal under this section shall be subject to the
restrictions in section 50.

…

50 … (3) Any application or appeal shall be brought within 28 days of the date
of the award or, if there has been any arbitral process of appeal or review,
of the date when the applicant or appellant was notified of the result of that
process.

26 Given the statutory requirement for an appeal to be brought within 28 days
of the date of the award, one would have expected the applicant to be seeking
in her first prayer in the originating summons relief in the form of an
extension of time for her to file this application. However, that was not
done. The prayers in the originating summons proceed as if there is no
question at all of the applicant being out of time. It is only after seeking
leave to appeal against all the questions of law set out in prayer (1) of the
originating summons that the applicant seeks in prayer (2) as follows: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Originating Summons 730 of 2018.

If necessary, the time limited for filing this application be extended to 28
days after the release, on 17 May 2018, of the Award dated 25 July 2017.

27 In my view, this is not the proper way for the applicant to approach the
matter. The applicant should have been more upfront in dealing with the issue
of her tardiness. Whether an extension of time ought to be granted for the
applicant to make the application under s 49(3) of the Act for leave to appeal
against the award is a threshold question that needs to be decided. If the
court does not grant an extension of time to the applicant, the application
under s 49(3) of the Act will fail in limine.

Whether an extension of time needs to be sought before the application for
leave to appeal may be made

28 The applicant argues that there is no need for her to apply for an
extension of time before she can apply for leave to appeal against the award.
Even though s 50(3) of the Act provides for an application to be made within
28 days of the date of the award, the words “date of the award” should
actually be read to mean the “date when the parties received the award”. This
means that time only ran after 17 May 2018, the date the parties received the
award. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions to OS 730/2018 (“AWS”) p 14, paras 22 – 23.

The applicant argues that this is a purposive interpretation of the words in s
50(3) of the Act because the parties can only decide if the arbitrator made a
mistake, and hence whether they wish to appeal against questions of law
arising from the award, after they received the award and reviewed the grounds
on which the arbitrator had come to his decision. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AWS p 15, para 27.

29 This submission is wholly without merit. In Hong Huat Development Co (Pte)
Ltd v Hiap Hong & Co Pte Ltd [2000] 1 SLR(R) 510 (“Hong Huat”), the Court of
Appeal considered a similar argument with respect to an earlier version of the
Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the 1985 Act”). Under the 1985 Act, O
69 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 1997 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) provided
that in respect of an appeal against an arbitral award made pursuant to s
28(2) of the 1985 Act, the notice had to be served and the appeal entered
within 21 days after the award was made and published to the parties. An issue
before the court in Hong Huat was thus what “after the award has been made and
published to the parties”, as set out in O 69 r 4(2) of the ROC, meant. As
observed, since Brooke v Mitchell (1840) 9 LJ Ex 269, “it has been accepted
that an award is made and published when the arbitrator gives notice to the
parties that the award is ready for collection” (“the notice rule”) (Hong Huat
at [22]). This notwithstanding, it was argued that “made and published”
occurred only when the parties had notice of the actual contents of the award,
and not when the arbitrator gave notice to the parties that the award was
ready for collection (Hong Huat at [22]). This argument was firmly rejected by
the Court of Appeal, which held at [25]:

The appellants further argued that delay cannot be an adequate reason for
adopting the notice rule. They said that unless the parties have actual
knowledge of the contents of the award, they would not be in a position to
challenge the award. Furthermore, the notice rule would be too rigid as it
would not be able to take into account different circumstances, such as, the
parties were away when the notice was given or a party might be incapacitated
at the time. In our opinion, the notice rule is to be preferred as it ensures
prompt action and does not depend on the will of the parties. To hold
otherwise would be inconsistent with the legislative policy underlying the
reference to arbitration, namely, the expeditious resolution of arbitrated
disputes and the need for finality. In a case where extenuating circumstances
exist, the parties are at liberty to apply for an extension of time.
Obviously, whether extension should be granted in a particular case would have
to depend on how meritorious the grounds are. [emphasis added]

30 In Hong Huat, there were two reasons for preferring the interpretation that
time is to run from the moment parties are notified that the award is ready
for collection, rather than when parties have notice of the actual contents of
the award. First, this ensures prompt action, and does not depend on the will
of the parties. Second, this accords better with the legislative policy
underlying the reference to arbitration, which is the expeditious resolution
of disputes that are subject to arbitration and the need for finality.

31 When the 1985 Act was subsequently amended, the earlier phrase of “made and
published to the parties” in O 69 r 4(2) of the ROC was replaced by “date of
the award”. The Attorney-General’s Chambers, Review of Arbitration Laws
[Report] LRRD No 3, 2001 (“the AGC Report”) 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Applicant’s Bundle of Authorities at Tab 23.

explains that this change was a considered one. As stated at paragraph 2.39.2
of the AGC Report, it was considered that the phrase “made and published to
the parties” could be argued “to mean that for so long that a party has not
received the award, time might not run for the purposes of an appeal”. Hence,
at paragraph 2.39.3 of the AGC Report, it was proposed that the “date of the
award” should be inserted into what is s 50(3) of the Act today, replacing the
phrase “made and published to the parties”. This, it was explained, “provides
a certain and incontrovertible date for reckoning of time set for appeal. To
compensate for any time loss (sic) in the making and collection of the award,
the time limit for appealing against an award is increased from the present 21
days to 28 days after the date of the award.” Hence, I find that the “date of
the award” refers literally to the date which the arbitrator has dated the
award. This will usually be when the arbitrator notifies the parties that the
award is ready for collection. Of course, in a case where the arbitrator has
dated the award well before he informs the parties that the award is ready for
collection, and as a consequence thereof, parties have too little time to
consider the award and file the application for leave to appeal, that would be
the kind of situation where the court may grant an extension of time for
parties to file their application.

32 The words “date of the award” found in s 50(3) of the Act may be contrasted
with s 48(2) of the Act, which relates to applications to set aside an
arbitrator’s award. Section 48(2) of the Act provides that “[a]n application
for setting aside an award may not be made after the expiry of [three] months
from the date on which the party making the application had received the
award…” [emphasis added]. Both parties’ counsel were in agreement that this
meant actual receipt of the award. If I were to adopt such an interpretation
as correct, then had it truly been the intention that time under s 50(3) of
the Act was to run from the time parties collected or received the award, the
provision could have been drafted to follow the wording in s 48(2) of the Act.
Yet, s 50(3) of the Act refers solely to the “date of the award”, without any
additional words to indicate that this is in relation to the date on which the
parties receive the award.

33 As such, it is clear to me that the application under s 49(3) of the Act is
out of time. The last date by which the application could have been made was
28 days after 25 July 2017, which is the date that the parties had been
notified that the award would be ready for collection and which is also in
fact the date which the award is dated. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NTC1 p 52.

Given this, it is incumbent on the applicant to satisfy the Court that an
extension of time ought to be granted to make her application under s 49(3) of
the Act. It is only if this threshold issue can be overcome in favour of the
applicant that the court will then proceed to hear the application under s
49(3) of the Act proper.

The principles applicable for the grant of an extension of time for an
application under s 49(3) of the Act

34 The parties are in agreement as to the principles that govern the question
of whether an extension of time should be granted to the applicant to file an
application for leave to appeal under s 49(3) of the Act. As set out in
Pearson Judith Rosemary v Chen Chien Wen Edwin [1991] 2 SLR(R) 260, which has
been followed in the cases of Hong Huat (at [12]) and Tay Eng Chuan v United
Overseas Insurance Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1043 (“Tay Eng Chuan”) (at [26]), a
case which post-dates the amendments to the Act, the factors to be considered
in deciding whether an extension of time ought to be granted are:

(a) the length of the delay;

(b) the reasons for the delay;

(c) the prospects of success if time for appealing was extended; and

(d) the degree of prejudice suffered by the respondent, if any, should an
extension of time be granted.

35 With the aforementioned principles in mind, I proceed to consider whether
an extension of time ought to be granted to the applicant in this case.

Length of delay

36 Turning to the first factor of the length of delay, I accept the
respondent’s submission that the length of delay must be judged against the
yardstick of the 28 days provided for under s 50(3) of the Act. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Respondent’s Further Skeletal Submissions (Issue on Extension of Time) (18 Feb
2019) para 5.

Given that the award is dated 25 July 2017, the last day for the applicant to
have filed her application for leave to appeal against the award was 22 August
2017. The application was only filed on 14 June 2018, which is nine months and
23 days late. By any measure, such a delay of over nine and a half months is
very substantial. In fact, in Progen Engineering Pte Ltd v Winter Engineering
(S) Pte Ltd [2006] SGHC 224 (“Progen”) at [16], V K Rajah J (as he then was)
had described a delay of 49 days past the statutory time limit as not marginal
but very substantial. Similarly, in Squibb Group Limited v Pole 2 Pole
Scaffolding Limited [2017] EWHC 2394 (TCC) (“Squibb”) at [34], a delay of 84
days was described as a “substantial delay”.

37 No precedent, whether local, English or otherwise, has been submitted to
show that the court has granted an extension of time in a case where the delay
is as lengthy as in the present case. As summarised by the respondent, the
following cases concerned applications for an extension of time to appeal
against an arbitrator’s award, involving varying periods of delay following
the expiry of the statutory time limit: 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Respondent’s Further Skeletal Submissions (Issue on Extension of Time) (18 Feb
2019) para 7.

(a) Terna Bahrain Holding Company WLL v Ali Marzook Ali bin Kamil Al Shamsi
and others [2012] EWHC 3283 (Comm) at [65]: delay of almost 17 weeks;

(b) Ian Rollitt (trading as CD Consult) v Christopher Leonard Ballard [2017]
EWHC 1500 (TCC) (“Rollitt”) at [21]: delay of 88 days;

(c) S v A and B [2016] EWHC 846 (Comm) (“S v A and B”) at [31]: delay of 74
days;

(d) Squibb at [20]: delay of 84 days;

(e) Tay Eng Chuan at [27]: delay of 14 days;

(f) Progen at [7]: delay of 49 days; and

(g) Hong Huat at [34]: delay of about three months.

38 Of the seven cases above, an extension of time was only granted in Hong
Huat. This was due to the fact that the parties in that case had, prior to
bringing an application for leave to appeal against the award, been in
discussions on a possible settlement, notwithstanding that the award was ready
for collection. Further, the respondents did not deny that their solicitors
had informed the appellants’ solicitors that the time for bringing an
application for leave could be extended by agreement. In the court’s view, it
would thus be reasonable to infer that there was an understanding that time
would not begin to run for the purpose of filing an application for leave to
appeal while parties were in the midst of discussions. In addition to the
adequate reasons provided for the delay, the court further considered that
there was a question of law that could substantially affect the appellant’s
rights, and that no prejudice would be caused to the respondent if the
application was granted since interest would continue to run on the sums
outstanding under the award. In the circumstances, an extension of time to
apply for leave to appeal was granted.

39 Hence, given the substantial delay of over nine and a half months in this
case, it is important to consider the three other factors, in particular the
reasons for the delay, to determine whether the applicant can sufficiently
justify the grant of an extension of time. In this regard, I note that the
applicant did not make any specific submission on the length of the delay.
There is no attempt to downplay the length of the delay in this case. It is
thus to the reasons for the delay which I now turn.

Reasons for the delay

40 The applicant focuses much of her submissions on the reasons for why the
delay is excusable. She argues that the delay was attributable to the
respondent’s conduct in not making payment of its share of the outstanding
arbitrator’s fees and expenses in the amount of S$48,902.08, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AWS para 38.

and that this caused the applicant to only receive the award much later on 17
May 2018. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AWS para 43.

Given the respondent’s professed financial difficulties in the first half of
2017, the applicant submits that it would not be reasonable to expect her to
have paid the entire amount of S$57,929.17 owed to the arbitrator in order to
secure the release of the award. This is because she would then not have been
able to recover payment of such fees and expenses from the respondent in the
event the award was substantially in her favour. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AWS para 40.

This was especially as the respondent’s share of the outstanding arbitrator’s
fees and expenses was substantial (at S$48,902.08), as compared, for example,
to the “very modest” £4,052.88 that remained outstanding in the case of
Rollitt (at [6] and [26]). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AWS para 41.

Finally, the applicant deposed on oath that she was unable to afford the
respondent’s share of the outstanding fees as she was no longer employed, and
that she had been unable to sell the property owing to the respondent’s
allegedly defective works. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AWS para 42.

41 To support her reasons for not footing the respondent’s share of the
outstanding fees, the applicant relies on the decision of Tay Eng Chuan.
There, the applicant had been notified that the tribunal’s award would be
ready for collection upon full payment of the costs of arbitration on 23
December 2008. On 26 December 2008, the applicant paid his share of the
arbitration fees, but the respondent only paid its share on 13 January 2009.
The applicant was then notified on 15 January 2009 that the award could be
collected, and he thus collected the award on the same day. On 3 February
2009, the applicant applied to appeal against the award. This was 14 days
after the applicant’s time for filing an application for leave to appeal had
expired. The applicant made much of the fact that he had only five days
between the date of collection of the award and the last day for filing an
application for leave to appeal, since he only collected the award on 15
January 2009. It was also alleged that such delay was occasioned by the
respondent’s, rather than the applicant’s, tardiness in making payment of its
share of the costs. Judith Prakash J (as she then was) (“Prakash J”) rejected
this argument, and observed at [35] of her judgment that:

There would have been no prejudice to the applicant in paying the respondent’s
share of costs as well since he would have known that the respondent was a
solvent company which would be able to reimburse him without difficulty. There
was no evidence of any financial difficulty on the part of the applicant that
would have prevented him from taking this course. Therefore the applicant’s
own conduct had to an extent contributed to the truncation of the available
period in which to file an application under s 49.

42 In other words, given that the respondent was a solvent company, the
applicant in Tay Eng Chuan ought to have paid the respondent’s share of the
costs first, and seek reimbursement from the respondent thereafter. This would
have allowed the applicant more time to consider whether to file an
application to appeal against the arbitrator’s award.

43 In our case, the applicant submits that there was uncontroverted evidence
that the respondent was in dire financial circumstances. Hence, unlike the
applicant in Tay Eng Chuan, it would have been potentially prejudicial to her
had she paid the respondent’s portion of the arbitrator’s fees. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AWS para 40.

She might not have been able to recover such fees from the respondent if there
was a costs order in her favour in the award.

44 I am unable to accept this submission. This is a case where the applicant
made a deliberate decision not to make the necessary payment to the arbitrator
in order to secure the release of the award. In my view, the onus is on both
parties to the arbitration to make the full payment due to the arbitrator so
that they can obtain a copy of the award. As Article 16.1 of the SIA Rules
(set out at [19] above) makes clear, both parties are jointly and severally
liable to the arbitrator for his fees and expenses. So, if the respondent was
unable to make payment of its outstanding share of the fees and expenses,
whether for reasons of insolvency or otherwise, the applicant would be obliged
to make such payment.

45 In response, the applicant asserts in her affidavit that she could not pay
the full sum of S$57,929.17 which remained outstanding to the arbitrator. This
was because she had stopped working in 2009, and thus had no income. To
compound matters, she had spent a significant sum paying the respondent to re-
build the property, which she has been unable to rent or sell due to the
alleged defects. Furthermore, she has incurred significant legal fees, both in
pursuing the arbitration proceedings against the respondent, and in
acrimonious matrimonial proceedings in Hong Kong against her husband, which
has been ongoing since 2013. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NTCB paras 8 – 19.

46 I find that this explanation does not hold water because it is contradicted
by the evidence. In this regard, the property, which she owns, is a
substantial asset in Singapore, unencumbered by any security interests as far
as I can tell. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

MSA pp 108 – 110.

It is also undisputed that the applicant had refused to accept two offers of
S$6.18m and S$6.3m for the property because she was of the view that her
property was worth S$7m. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NTC1 p 583, para 826.

The applicant also confirmed during the arbitration proceedings in 13 July
2016 that she was not in a hurry to sell the property as she did not have “a
loan, pressing payments to make or … cash flow problems”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

MSA p 114, lines 2 – 5.

This ability to hold out for a higher offer, coupled with the fact that the
arbitrator had found that there was insufficient evidence to support the
applicant’s assertion that she had taken efforts to rent out the property, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NTC1 p 570 para 801 – p 572 para 804.

suggests that the applicant’s bare assertions about her financial struggles
were grossly exaggerated. Indeed, when the respondent explained to the
arbitrator that it was in financial difficulties and thus could not pay its
share of the arbitrator’s fees and expenses, the applicant did not raise any
similar problems of her own, and in fact offered to pay her share of
S$9,027.11 to receive the award. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

MSB p 13, para 2.4; p 17, para 2.4

Till date, the applicant has not paid her share of the arbitrator’s fees and
expenses, suggesting that the respondent’s previous impecuniosity had nothing
to do with the applicant’s non-payment of the arbitrator’s fees and expenses.

47 In the circumstances, I find that the applicant did not have a good reason
to refuse to pay the arbitrator’s fees and expenses to secure the award once
she had been notified that it was ready for collection. Such refusal to pay
the arbitrator’s fees and expenses has not been accepted by the courts as a
proper excuse justifying the grant of an extension of time to apply for leave
to appeal.

48 In Progen, the arbitrator had releaseed his award subject to the payment of
his fees by the parties. The plaintiff, which filed its notice of appeal some
49 days after the statutory limited date to appeal against the award, asserted
that the delay was not attributable to them, but rather the arbitrator’s
insistence that the release of the award was contingent on his fees being
paid. The Court found that such an excuse was “entirely unconvincing” (Progen
at [13]), and rejected the application for an extension of time to file an
appeal against the award.

49 As Hobhouse J explained in International Petroleum Refining & Supply Sdad
Ltd v Elpis Finance S.A. [1993] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 408 (“The Faith”) at 411:

It is not open to a party to argue … that they were waiting for the other
party to take up the award; that they did not know that there was any point
they wanted to raise on the award. They have to take that decision for
themselves. The position is, in a sense, a stark one: a party who wishes to
reserve his right to take the matter to the Court either by way of appeal …
must ensure that the award is taken up in time to enable the application to be
made.

50 Hence, the onus is on the parties, who are usually jointly and severally
liable for the fees of the arbitrator, to ensure that the terms of release of
the award are promptly complied with, so that parties have sufficient time to
file an appeal (if necessary) within the statutory time limit under s 50(3) of
the Act. If parties fail to act promptly, in the absence of good reason for
justifying their non-payment of the arbitrator’s outstanding fees or
otherwise, it would be simply insufficient, in seeking an extension of time,
to assert that the delay was caused by the other party’s non-payment of the
arbitrator’s fees.

51 Thus, in S v A and B, the court rejected the seller’s argument, in seeking
an extension of time, that the buyers had delayed in the payment of their
share of the tribunal’s fees. The judge, referring to the above passage in The
Faith, held that this “carries little, if any weight” (S v A and B at [37]).
Similarly, in Rollitt, the claimant sought to attribute blame for the delay in
filing the application to appeal on the defendant’s refusal to pay any of the
arbitrator’s fees, causing the arbitrator to delay the release of the award
pending full payment of the outstanding fees. The judge considered that the
arbitrator’s terms and conditions of appointment expressly stated that the
parties would be jointly and severally liable for his fees and expenses, and
that payment would be required for the release of the award. Thus, it did not
lie in the claimant’s mouth to rely on the defendant’s refusal to pay as a
reason for the delay (Rollitt at [32]).

52 Similarly here, given that the parties were jointly and severally liable
for the arbitrator’s fees, the applicant cannot rely on the respondent’s non-
payment of the arbitrator’s fees to justify her delay in filing the
application to appeal against the arbitrator’s award. This is especially as I
have found that the applicant did not provide any other good reason for not
paying the arbitrator’s outstanding fees. Her allegation of her inability to
pay the respondent’s share of the fees is but a belated assertion that is
contradicted by evidence.

53 In my judgment, the applicant made a calculated call not to make the
necessary payment to secure the release of the award. In such circumstances,
given that she must know that the time for her to make an application for
leave to appeal would run from the date of the award which she knew to be
ready for collection on 25 July 2017, I find that the applicant made a
considered decision to take the risk that she might be out of time in any
application for leave to appeal against the award.

54 As such, I find that the applicant has not provided valid reasons for the
delay in her application.

The chances of the appeal succeeding

55 The third factor to be considered relates to the chances of the applicant’s
appeal succeeding. In relation to this factor, the court in Lee Hsien Loong v
Singapore Democratic Party [2008] 1 SLR(R) 757 observed at [19]–[20] that this
limb does not require the court to go into a full-scale examination of the
merits of the appeal, and serves simply to weed out hopeless appeals, in which
case an extension of time ought not to be granted, even if the delay was very
short:

… In our view, it is significant that of the four factors, the emphasis, in
the first instance at least, is invariably on the first two, viz, the length
of delay and the reasons for the delay. This is not surprising because the
third factor (viz, the chances of the appeal succeeding if time for appealing
were extended), whilst of equal importance relative to the other three
factors, is set at a very low threshold in fairness to the applicant – namely,
whether the appeal is “hopeless” … Indeed, as this court put it in Aberdeen
Asset Management Asia Ltd v Fraser & Neave Ltd [2001] 3 SLR(R) 355 … (at
[43]):

As to the question of merits, it is not for the court at this stage to go into
a full-scale examination of the issues involved. Neither is it necessary for
the applicant to show that he will succeed in the appeal. The threshold is
lower: the test is, is the appeal hopeless? … Unless one can say that there
are no prospects of the applicant succeeding on the appeal, this is a factor
which ought to be considered to be neutral rather than against him.

20 This third factor nevertheless becomes of signal importance where the
appeal is a truly hopeless one. In such a situation, notwithstanding even a
very short delay, an extension of time will generally not be granted by the
court simply because to do so would be an exercise in futility, resulting in a
waste of time as well as resources for all concerned.…

[emphasis added]

Requirements for leave to appeal

56 Before I turn to consider whether the applicant’s intended appeal is
hopeless or bound to fail, the requirements for leave under s 49 of the Act
must be emphasised. This is because, even if an extension of time is granted,
the applicant must then persuade the Court to grant leave to appeal against
the award. The grant of leave to appeal is a necessary precursor to the
applicant’s appeal succeeding, and it is fruitless to consider whether the
substantive appeal will be hopeless without first considering whether the
application for leave to appeal is hopeless in the first place. As Prakash J
phrased the question in Tay Eng Chuan at [41]:

Taking the issue in the context of arbitration proceedings what I had to
consider was not whether the appeal itself would be hopeless but whether the
application for leave to appeal could be said to be “hopeless”. [emphasis
added]

57 In this regard, it is noted that the Court of Appeal observed in Hong Huat
at [39] that “[i]t seems to us clear that in relation to the question of
‘prospect of success’ that must be in relation to the success of the appeal
and not just the success of obtaining an extension of time to file an
application for leave. Otherwise, it would make no sense. The object of the
extension of time is not to obtain leave per se but to appeal.” This may be
taken to mean that the court need only to consider the prospects of success of
an eventual appeal against the award, rather than the prospects of the
applicant obtaining leave to appeal against the award. However, a closer
reading of the decision in Hong Huat shows that this is not the approach which
the court adopted. Section 28(4) of the 1985 Act, which was under
consideration in Hong Huat, required first that a question of law was raised,
and second that the determination of the question of law concerned could
substantially affect the rights of one or more of the parties to the
arbitration before leave of court could be granted to appeal against an award.
Before granting the extension of time sought in that case, the court
considered both of the above conditions (Hong Huat at [39]–[52]), showing that
the consideration of all requirements which are relevant for obtaining leave
to appeal is necessary at this stage. In determining whether an extension of
time ought to be granted, it is insufficient to simply conclude that the
substantive appeal itself is not hopeless, since this necessarily presumes
that the application for leave to appeal is not hopeless, when such may not be
the case at all.

58 Therefore, in considering the third factor of the applicant’s prospects of
success, I adopt Prakash J’s formulation in Tay Eng Chuan at [41], and
consider whether the application for leave to appeal could be said to be
hopeless.

59 In summary, the court must be satisfied that the following conditions are
met before leave to appeal will be granted:

(a) the appeal must be on a question of law (s 49(1) of the Act);

(b) the determination of that question will substantially affect the rights of
one or more of the parties to the arbitration (s 49(5)(a) of the Act);

(c) the question was one which the arbitrator was asked to determine (s
49(5)(b) of the Act);

(d) on the basis of the findings of fact in the award, the decision of the
arbitrator on the question is obviously wrong, or the question is one of
general public importance and the decision of the arbitral tribunal is at
least open to serious doubt (s 49(5)(c) of the Act); and

(e) despite the agreement of the parties to resolve the matter by arbitration,
it is just and proper in all the circumstances for the Court to determine the
question (s 49(5)(d) of the Act).

60 Let me say a little about these requirements in s 49 of the Act.

(1) Question of law

61 A question of law is distinct from an error of law, and relates
specifically to a “point of law in controversy”. It does not extend to errors
in the application of the law. As the Court of Appeal explained in Northern
Elevator Manufacturing Sdn Bhd v United Engineers (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2004] 2
SLR(R) 494 (“Northern Elevator”) at [18]–[19]:

…. in Ahong Construction (S) Pte Ltd v United Boulevard Pte Ltd [1993] 2
SLR(R) 208 … G P Selvam JC (as he then was) stated at [7]:

… A question of law means a point of law in controversy which has to be
resolved after opposing views and arguments have been considered. It is a
matter of substance the determination of which will decide the rights between
the parties. … If the point of law is settled and not something novel and it
is contended that the arbitrator made an error in the application of the law
there lies no appeal against that error for there is no question of law which
calls for an opinion of the court. … [emphasis added]

19 To our mind, a “question of law” must necessarily be a finding of law which
the parties dispute, that requires the guidance of the court to resolve. When
an arbitrator does not apply a principle of law correctly, that failure is a
mere “error of law” (but more explicitly, an erroneous application of law)
which does not entitle an aggrieved party to appeal.

62 The Court of Appeal in Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev Dave and
others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another appeal [2009] 3
SLR(R) 109 (“Ng Eng Ghee”) re-emphasised that Northern Elevator represents the
approach towards questions of law in arbitration cases (Ng Eng Ghee at
[96]–[99]).

63 In considering any question of law, the findings of fact of the arbitrator
must be accepted in an unqualified manner (Progen Engineering Pte Ltd v Chua
Aik Kia (trading as Uni Sanitary Electrical Construction) (“Chua Aik Kia”)
[2006] 4 SLR(R) 419 at [16]):

… This means that the arbitrator’s findings of facts are conclusive; it is
irrelevant whether the court considers those findings of fact to be right or
wrong. The upshot of this is that on an application for leave to appeal, the
court must decide any question of law arising from an award on the basis of an
unqualified acceptance of the findings of fact of the arbitrator… [emphasis
added]

64 Thus, Belinda Ang J explained, “[a]dmissibility of evidence, weight of the
evidence and the inferences from it are essentially matters for the arbitrator
… Even inconsistency in the arbitrator’s findings of fact is not a valid
ground for an attack on an award as it is no more than an error of law or fact
or of both”: Chua Aik Kia at [29].

(2) Determination of that question substantially affecting parties’ rights

65 Turning to the second requirement for leave to be granted to appeal, it
must be shown that the determination of the question of law will substantially
affect the rights of one or more of the parties. As explained in Northern
Elevator at [32] (citing Pioneer Shipping Pte Ltd v BTP Tioxide Ltd [1980] QB
547 (“The Nema”) at 564, with approval),  “the phrase ‘substantially affect
the rights’ meant that the point of law must be a ‘point of practical
importance – not an academic point – nor a minor point’.” The “question of
substantiality is largely a matter of discretion, and such issues are best
discussed if they are necessary, and clearly defined” (Northern Elevator at
[32]).

66 By way of illustration, in Tay Eng Chuan at [51], Prakash J considered that
while two questions of law could be raised in the case, this would not
substantially affect the applicant’s rights, given that he had already been
awarded S$754,500 in the award, and stood to gain only an additional S$17,000
were the questions of law to be decided in his favour.

(3) A question which the arbitrator was asked to determine

67 As to the scope of the question which the arbitrator was asked to
determine, it was accepted in Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd v LW
Infrastructure Pte Ltd [2011] 4 SLR 455 (“Lim Chin San”) at [42]–[43] that
this is not limited to the pleaded issues before the arbitrator, and that it
also includes a question of law that “arises out of a finding which was a
necessary step along the path of the arbitrator’s ultimate conclusion on the
pleaded issue” (Lim Chin San at [42]).

(4) Decision of the arbitrator on the question is obviously wrong; or the
question is one of general public importance and the decision of the
arbitrator is at least open to serious doubt

68 The fourth requirement has two disjunctive limbs, and the applicable
disjunctive limb depends on whether the question of law raised is a “one-off”
point, or a point of “general public importance”. As explained by Quentin Loh
J in Engineering Construction Pte Ltd v Sanchoon Builders Pte Ltd [2011] 1 SLR
681 (“Engineering Construction”) at [49]:

It is settled law that the principles set out in [The Nema] prescribe:

(a) where the question of law involved is a “one-off” point, leave to appeal
should not be given unless it is apparent to the court upon a mere perusal of
the reasoned award itself, without the benefit of argument, that the
arbitrator was obviously wrong; and

(b) where the question of law is not a “one-off” point, leave to appeal should
not be given unless the court considers that a strong prima facie case has
been made out that the arbitrator is wrong.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

69 The court in Engineering Construction recognised at [49]–[51] that The Nema
principles above applied to the old s 28 of the 1985 Act. The present day s
49(5)(c) of the Act is slightly less restrictive, and provides as such:

(c) on the basis of the findings of fact in the award –

(i) the decision of the arbitral tribunal on the question is obviously wrong;
or

(ii) the question is one of general public importance and the decision of the
arbitral tribunal is at least open to serious doubt;

Section 49(5)(c)(ii) is in pari materia with s 69(3)(c)(ii) of the Arbitration
Act 1996 (c 23) (UK) (“the English Arbitration Act 1996”). In CMA CGM SA v
Beteiligungs-KG MS “Northern Pioneer” Schiffahrtsgesellschaft mbH & Co [2003]
1WLR 1015 (“The Northern Pioneer”), Lord Phillips MR observed that The Nema
principles have been superseded by the broader provisions in s 69(3)(c)(ii) of
the English Arbitration Act 1996, such that where a question of general public
importance is raised, the door has been opened “a little more widely to the
granting of permission to appeal than the crack that was left open” in The
Nema (The Northern Pioneer at [11] and [61]).

70 Hence, where a question of general public importance is raised, the
threshold, as set out in s 49(5)(c)(ii) of the Act, is simply that the
decision of the arbitral tribunal is “at least open to serious doubt”. If the
question is, however, not one of general public importance, for instance,
because the question raised is only a “one-off” point, the threshold remains
that it must be shown that the arbitral tribunal was “obviously wrong”: s
49(5)(c)(i) of the Act; see also Northern Elevator at [23] and Engineering
Construction at [45], [52] and [53].

(5) Just and proper for the court to determine the question, despite parties’
agreement to arbitrate

71 Finally, even if the other conditions above are met, leave to appeal
against an award will only be granted if the court is satisfied that “despite
the agreement of the parties to resolve the matter by arbitration, it is just
and proper in all the circumstances for the Court to determine the question”
of law posed (s 49(5)(d) of the Act). This means that it may be insufficient
to show that the other requirements for leave to appeal have been satisfied,
without going further to show that judicial intervention is warranted on the
facts of the particular case. For example, the court might refuse leave to
appeal if it can be shown “that the parties wished speed and finality to
prevail even if the tribunal decided a question of law in a way which was
obviously wrong, or at least open to serious doubt” (Prestige Marine Services
Pte Ltd v Marubeni International Petroleum (S) Pte Ltd [2012] 1 SLR 917
(“Prestige Marine”) at [68], citing Michael Mustill and Stewart Boyd,
Commercial Arbitration (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 2001) at pp 357–358). In this
respect, if parties have agreed to a clause stipulating that the arbitral
award shall be final and binding, this will indicate that the parties did not
contemplate becoming involved in litigation over the arbitral award, such that
the court should lean towards giving effect to the stated intention of the
parties for such finality: Prestige Marine at [69]–[70], citing Gold and
Resource Developments (NZ) Ltd v Doug Hood Ltd [2000] NZCA 131 at [54].

72 With these principles in mind, I move now to consider, in a broad fashion,
the applicant’s various questions of law for which she seeks leave to appeal.
From my review of the 13 questions set out in prayer one of the originating
summons, which are numbered prayer 1(a) to 1(m), these questions can be
divided into three general categories. The first deals with the applicant’s
claim in the arbitration for damages for delay, the second deals with the
applicant’s claim for loss of rental from the property, and the third deals
with the applicant’s claim for the loss in value of the property.

73 I will consider these three categories of questions in turn.

Delay and liquidated damages

(1) The first question

74 The first question raised by the applicant is as follows: whether the
arbitrator erred in law when he decided that, just because there was no valid
delay certificate, the applicant was not entitled to recover from the
respondent liquidated damages or any general damages as a result of its delay
in completing the works. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Originating Summons 730 of 2018, prayer 1(a).

75 As a preliminary point, I must point out that, at the hearing, counsel for
the applicant confirmed with me that there is no suggestion that the
arbitrator had reached a wrong decision in law on the invalidity of the second
delay certificate issued by the architect, which had been relied on as the
basis for the claim for liquidated damages. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

MS1 para 11.5 and p 80.

In short, there is no challenge to the arbitrator’s interpretation of clause
31(6) of the SIA Conditions, which resulted in this conclusion as to the
ineffectiveness of the second delay certificate. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NTC1 p 563 para 779.

In any event, any such argument would have required an amendment to the
originating summons in terms of the questions posed, and the applicant’s
counsel informed me that there was no intention to make any such amendment. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Minute Sheet (30 January 2019) p 3 and Minute Sheet (18 February 2019) p 3.

76 On this first question posed by the applicant, I have some difficulty with
the applicant’s submission that it is a question of law, rather than an
allegation that the arbitrator had committed an error of law. In other words,
I find that the allegation is that the arbitrator erred when he decided that
the applicant was not entitled to liquidated damages or general damages for
delay just because the delay certificates were not valid. This alleged error
would have followed from an erroneous application of the law, and does not in
fact raise a question of law, especially since the applicant’s counsel
confirmed that the arbitrator’s interpretation of clause 31(6) of the SIA
Conditions is not being disputed. As explained in Northern Elevator at
[18]–[19], an error in the application of law does not entitle an aggrieved
party to appeal; a question of law, which means a point of law in controversy,
must be raised. The same point was made in Chua Aik Kia at [29].

77 But, be that as it may, even if I were to accept that this is a question of
law, this was not a question that the parties had presented to the arbitrator
for his determination. The arbitrator’s remit is defined by the pleadings in
the arbitration and the parties’ submissions to him. As I have explained in my
judgment issued in OS 1010/2018, the applicant’s claim in the arbitration in
respect of delay was for liquidated damages of S$58,500 only. There was no
alternative claim for general damages, nor for any lower sum of liquidated
damages in the applicant’s statement of case for the arbitration, or in her
opening and closing submissions in the arbitration proceedings. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

MS1 p 107, Respondent’s Core Bundle of Documents (“DCBD”) at pp 5 and 12, para
19, NTC2 pp 20 – 21, at para 10 and pp 85 – 87, at paras 170 – 176.

78 How the applicant arrived at the sum of S$58,500 requires explanation. The
contractual completion date was 25 June 2010. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NTC1 para 9 and p 714, clause 4.1; Michael Sng Boh Kwang’s first affidavit
(“MS1”) para 9.

However, works were not completed by that date, and the architect later issued
a first delay certificate on 4 January 2011, certifying that the works were in
delay as of 23 November 2010. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NTC1 p 773.

This implied that an extension of time had been given to the respondent to
complete the contractual works up to 22 November 2010. Much later, on 26
October 2015, the architect issued a second delay certificate, purporting to
supersede the first delay certificate. In the second delay certificate, the
extension of time granted to the respondent was far shorter, such that the
last day for the respondent to complete the works was stipulated to be 8 July
2010. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

MS1 para 16; NTC1 p 774.

As such, under this second delay certificate, the respondent was in delay from
9 July 2010 to the date of the actual completion, 19 January 2011, this being
a period of slightly over six months. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NTC1 p 774.

79 Relying on the second delay certificate, the applicant claimed S$58,500 in
liquidated damages for the respondent’s delay in completing the works. This
S$58,500 had been calculated on the basis of the contractually stipulated rate
of S$300 per day of delay for the period from 9 July 2010 to 19 January 2011
(195 days). 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

MS1 para 11.5 and p 80; p 99.

There was no alternative reliance by the applicant on the first delay
certificate, under which she would only have been entitled to S$17,400 (S$300
x 58 days, being the period from 23 November 2010 to 19 January 2011) in
liquidated damages. There was also no alternative plea for general damages.
There were also no submissions made that the arbitrator should have awarded
liquidated damages notwithstanding any finding that the second delay
certificate was found to be invalid. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

MS1 p 107, DCBD at pp 5 and 12, para 19, NTC2 pp 20 – 21, at para 10 and pp 85
– 87, at paras 170 – 176.

80 Despite the applicant’s attempts to argue to the contrary, she had not
disputed in the arbitration the interpretation of clause 24(2) of the SIA
Conditions, which provides that the grant of liquidated damages is subject to
the condition precedent that there is a valid delay certificate. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NTC1 p 747, clause 24.2.

I find it mischievous for the applicant to now argue before me that she had
put forward a case in the arbitration that she could nonetheless claim
liquidated damages even without a valid delay certificate. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

AWS paras 79 – 80.

This “issue”, or purported question of law, was clearly not one which the
arbitrator had been asked to decide.

81 I would add that such a submission by the applicant has absolutely no merit
anyway since, under the SIA Conditions, the only provision for liquidated
damages is clause 24(2), which states that “[u]pon receipt of a Delay
Certificate” [emphasis added], the applicant shall be entitled to recover from
the respondent “liquidated damages calculated at the rate [agreed by the
parties] from the date of default certified by the Architect for the period
during which the Works shall remain incomplete”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NTC1 p 747, clause 24.2.

That being the case, the claim for damages at the agreed rate of S$300 per day
of delay can only be sustained if there is a valid delay certificate. The
applicant did not point me to any alternative clauses, whether in the contract
or the SIA Conditions, to suggest that liquidated damages could be determined
in any other way. As a result, given that the arbitrator had rejected the
applicant’s claim for liquidated damages on the basis that the delay
certificates were both invalid, it cannot be said that the arbitrator was
wrong, or that the applicant has shown even a prima facie case that he had
been mistaken in deciding as he did.

82 Given this, the intended application for leave to appeal against this
“question of law” cannot satisfy the conditions set out in ss 49(5)(b) and
49(5)(c) of the Act and it is bound to fail.

(2) The second question

83 The second question raised by the applicant is this: whether the arbitrator
erred in law when he decided that it was not necessary for him to deal with
and decide on the following questions or issues which were raised in the
arbitration proceedings: (i) whether the respondent was in delay in completing
the works; and (ii) whether the respondent was entitled to an extension of
time to complete the works.

84 This second “question” suffers from the same difficulties as the first one.
It does not raise any question of law, in that the errors raised do not relate
to any findings of law that the arbitrator had made, for which the court may
consider on appeal.

85 It also proceeds on the fallacious argument that the arbitrator is obliged
to decide issues which are not presented to him for decision, or which are not
necessary for him to decide. As explained above, on the applicant’s claim for
delay in the arbitration, she only sought liquidated damages based on the
second delay certificate issued by the architect. The architect found that
delay certificate to be invalid. He also found that the first delay
certificate was flawed, as admitted by the architect. Given these findings,
the inevitable conclusion must be that the liquidated damages claim would
fail. It was not necessary for the arbitrator to decide whether the respondent
was in delay, how long such delay was or whether the respondent was entitled
to any extension of time. This was because there was no alternative claim for
general damages for delay. An arbitrator only has to decide the essential
issues which are necessary for him to decide the dispute and the claims made
by the parties (TMM Division at [72]–[73]). As such, the arbitrator did not
have to deal with these non-essential issues. It cannot thus be said that the
arbitrator had been obviously wrong in deciding not to make any findings on
the issues raised under this second question.

86 When pressed at the hearing, counsel for the applicant in fact accepted
that this complaint about the arbitrator not having decided the length of
delay and extension of time were more relevant to the applicant’s application
in OS 1010/2018 to set aside the award because the arbitrator had failed to
decide the issues that had been presented to him for determination. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Minute Sheet (30 January 2019) p 3.

This reinforces my view that this was not a suitable question for which leave
would be granted to the applicant to appeal against.

87 For the above reasons, I find that the intended application to raise the
two “questions” in relation to the applicant’s claim for delay is a hopeless
one.

Loss of rental

(1) The third and fourth questions

88 The third and fourth questions relate to the applicant’s claim in the
arbitration for loss of rental from the property due to the alleged defects in
the works carried out by the respondent. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Originating Summons 730 of 2018, prayers 1(c) and 1(d).

In both questions, the applicant alleges that the arbitrator had erred in law,
first in holding that loss of rental could not be claimed during the period
when the respondent was making good the defects (the third question), and
second in holding that the loss of rental was too remote to be claimed for
(the fourth question). As the arbitrator’s findings in this regard were
closely intertwined, I will consider both questions together.

89 As summarised above at [10], the arbitrator found that the applicant had
not adduced sufficient evidence to show that she intended to rent out the
property. Instead, the evidence before him showed that the applicant’s
intention at all times was to sell, rather than rent the property. In any
case, it was not shown that the defects had caused her to be unable to rent
out the property. The arbitrator also found that the loss was too remote, as
it was not within the reasonable contemplation of parties at the time of the
signing of the contract that there would be a claim for loss of rental in the
event that there were defects. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NTC1 pp 570 – 572, paras 800 – 804.

Put another way, the arbitrator found that the applicant had not discharged
her burden of proof to succeed on her claim for the loss of rental. This is a
finding of fact by the arbitrator which led to the applicant’s claim for loss
of rental being dismissed. As explained in Chua Aik Kia at [16], the
arbitrator’s findings of facts are conclusive, and in an application for leave
to appeal, the court must decide any question of law on the basis of an
unqualified acceptance of the arbitrator’s findings of fact. Since the third
and fourth questions relate solely to alleged erroneous findings of fact by
the arbitrator, it is clear that no questions of law have been raised that
fall within the ambit of s 49(1) of the Act.

90 In any event, the resolution of either question is not one what will
substantially affect the rights of the parties. Even if it is determined that
the applicant could claim for loss of rental while the respondent was
rectifying the defects or that the applicant’s loss of rental was a reasonably
contemplated head of loss, and the arbitrator had erred in this regard, there
is another insuperable obstacle in the way of the applicant’s claim. This is
the arbitrator’s finding of fact that the applicant had not discharged her
evidential burden of proving that she had tried to rent out the property, or
that the defects were the cause of her being unable to rent out the property.

91 Given the arbitrator’s findings of fact on the issue of causation, I find
that the arbitrator’s decision on the alleged errors raised in the third and
fourth questions ultimately did not alter the result arrived at by the
arbitrator in relation to the loss of rental issue. Regardless of his findings
in relation to the alleged errors, the applicant’s claim for loss of rental
would inevitably have failed.

92 For completeness, even assuming that questions of law have been raised, I
should add that this is not a case where one could say that the arbitrator’s
decision on this issue of remoteness was obviously wrong. Further, it cannot
be sensibly argued that the question relating to remoteness is one of general
importance, given the established principles in this regard.

93 For the above reasons, I find the intended application for leave to appeal
against the third and fourth questions, relating to the applicant’s claim for
loss of rental, to be hopeless and bound to fail.

Loss in value of the property

94 To recapitulate, the applicant’s claim for loss in value of the property
arises in the following manner. The contract works were completed on 19
January 2011. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

MS1 p 71.

There was a period that followed where the respondent was carrying out
rectification works on the property due to defects. The applicant claims that
she was prevented from selling the property in October 2012, when the property
market was rising, because of the defects in the works. Her claim for loss of
value was for the amount of S$1.2m. This S$1.2m was the difference between
what she alleged was the market value of the property when the market hit its
high in April 2013 (S$7m) and the market value of the property in May 2016
(S$5.8m), 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NTCB pp 162 – 164, paras 225 – 232.

which was shortly before the first tranche of the arbitration proceedings
commenced in July 2016. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NTC1 pp 83 – 85.

95 In his award, the arbitrator found that the applicant had not proven on her
evidence presented that the market value of the property was indeed S$7m. The
arbitrator also found that the applicant had also not shown that the defects
in the works, which he assessed required S$42,979.06 to rectify, 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NTC1 pp 707 – 708.

had caused her to be unable to sell the property at the price that she wanted.
99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NTC1 p 594, para 845 – p 595, para 846.

96 With these findings in mind, let me examine the various questions which the
applicant intends to seek leave to appeal against.

(1) The fifth, seventh and eighth questions

97 The fifth question is this: whether the arbitrator was wrong in law in
relying on a purported fact that had not been advanced by either party, and
finding that it was a “well-known fact which [he believed] the [applicant
would] not deny” that apparently leaving defects un-rectified would
“undoubtedly” cause the defects to deteriorate “especially under our tropical
weather of heat built-up (sic) and high humidity without proper regular
maintenance of the building, and proper and continuous daily ventilation of
the premises”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

OS 730 of 2018, prayer 1(e).

98 This fifth question arises in the following context. In the course of
discussing the issue of the mitigation of damages, the arbitrator had noted
the undisputed fact that the applicant had chosen to leave the defects in the
works un-rectified. The arbitrator, who is an architect by profession, thus
observed that it was “well-known” that leaving defects, such as water seepage
and external plaster cracks, un-rectified would worsen the damage to the house
over time, given Singapore’s weather and humidity. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NTC1 p 574 para 809.

99 The respondent disputes the submission that such a “well-known fact” was
not advanced by either party. The respondent argues that its expert, Ms
Catherine Loke, had given evidence on this very point. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions (23 January 2019) p 34, para 72.

However, leaving that aside, it will be immediately apparent from the way the
question has been proposed by the applicant that this is not a question of law
in controversy between the parties. Rather, the issue here is whether the
arbitrator should have relied on this “well-known fact” in coming to his view
that the applicant failed to mitigate her loss. This is a question of whether
the arbitrator had conducted the hearing in a procedurally fair manner. The
applicant knows very well that this is her true complaint. That is why she has
commenced a separate application in OS 1010/2018. There, she alleges that the
arbitrator breached natural justice by making a finding based on this “well-
known fact” without first giving the parties an opportunity to deal with this
point. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (28 November 2018) p 49 paras 88 – 94, p 54
paras 97 – 98.

Counsel for the applicant conceded at the hearing, when pressed, that this
complaint related more to the question of whether there has been a breach of
natural justice, rather than being a true question of law. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Minute Sheet (30 January 2019) p 4.

100 There is a more fundamental problem faced by the applicant. The question
of whether the applicant had mitigated her loss was not the basis on which the
arbitrator had dismissed her claim for loss of value. As explained, the
arbitrator found that she had not proven her loss because she had not
established what the market value of the property was. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NTC1 p 595, para 846.

In an application for leave to appeal, this finding of fact must be accepted
without qualifications: Chua Aik Kia at [16]. Therefore, the answer to this
proposed question, which deals only with the issue of mitigation, will not
alter the outcome of the arbitrator’s decision to dismiss the applicant’s
claim for loss of value. The rights of the parties would not be substantially
affected. Therefore, apart from not raising any question of law, any
application for leave to appeal on the fifth question would be hopeless since
any finding in this regard would not substantially affect the award, or her
rights. This problem also plagues the seventh and eight questions, which
likewise relate to the issue of mitigation.

101 The seventh question is this: whether the arbitrator had erred in law in
holding that due to the applicant’s failure to mitigate the loss by failing to
rectify the defects and allegedly allowing them to deteriorate, the arbitrator
could therefore disregard all the defects claimed for by the applicant. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Originating Summons 730 of 2018, prayer 1(g).

102 This question posed by the applicant is a most curious one. This is
because it is not apparent from the award that the arbitrator had come to such
a conclusion. From my review of the award, the arbitrator had considered the
various allegations of defects and made findings on each of them. After going
through all the alleged defects, the arbitrator allowed some of the claims but
disallowed others. The applicant had claimed the sum of approximately
S$374,305 as rectification costs of the alleged defects. The arbitrator had
allowed the claim in the amount of S$42,979.06. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NTC1 pp 639 – 682.

The fact that the applicant had not succeeded in many of her claims for
defects does not mean that the arbitrator had “disregarded” her allegations
because of his findings on mitigation.

103 Simply put, this is not a question of law. It is quite clearly an attempt
to challenge the findings of facts by the arbitrator on what are defects and
what are not, and also on the amount of rectification costs required to make
good these defects. Given that no question of law is raised, any application
for leave to appeal on the seventh question would plainly be a hopeless one.

104 The eighth question raised by the applicant also relates to mitigation.
The question is posed as such: whether the arbitrator was wrong in law in
holding that the applicant had not taken reasonable action or no action to
discharge her duty to mitigate her loss by allowing the defects to
deteriorate. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Originating Summons 730 of 2018, prayed 1(h).

105 The applicant argues that the arbitrator had come to the wrong conclusion
on whether there had been a failure to mitigate. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

AWS at pp 48 – 50, paras 107 – 113.

In my judgment, the arbitrator’s findings as to the state of the defects and
whether steps were taken to rectify them are findings of fact, which cannot be
challenged before me. Both parties had submitted The “Asia Star” [2010] 2 SLR
1154 as the applicable authority on the principles of mitigation in their
submissions to the arbitrator. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NTC1 p 576, para 812.

It appears to me that there was no quarrel as to legal principles on
mitigation. Patently, there is no question of law raised, and this is but a
frivolous attempt to mask a challenge to the merits of the arbitrator’s award
under an application for leave to appeal under s 49(3) of the Act.

106 As such, I find that no questions of law have been raised by way of the
fifth, seventh and eighth questions, such that any application for leave to
appeal in respect of those “questions” would be hopeless. More fundamentally,
any application for leave to appeal on those questions would also be hopeless
since any finding in this regard would not substantially affect the
applicant’s rights.

(2) The sixth question

107 The sixth question raised by the applicant is this: whether the arbitrator
erred in law in holding, contrary to the submissions of both parties, and
without any evidence whatsoever, that the costs of rectification of the
defects would have been minimal in October 2012. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Originating Summons 730 of 2018, prayer 1(f).

108 In my judgment, it is patently self-evident that this question is not a
question of law, but a finding of fact by the arbitrator on the evidence. What
defects that were present in October 2012 is a question of evidence and the
arbitrator’s findings in this regard cannot be attacked in an application
under s 49 of the Act. Hence, leave to appeal under s 49 of the Act would
clearly be refused for this question posed by the applicant. Nonetheless, I
must say a bit more about this in relation to a particular submission made by
the applicant.

109 Pursuant to leave that I granted, the applicant and respondent were
permitted to file further written submissions on various points in contention.
In these post-hearing written submissions, the applicant belatedly made the
point that there was a building surveyor report from Glenfield Design
Consultants (“GDC”) that detailed the defects in the works pursuant to
inspections that were carried out on 19 and 20 May 2012 (“the GDC report”). It
was argued that this was in evidence in the arbitration proceedings and, even
though no representative from GDC was called to give evidence, the contents of
the report were probative of the fact that there were defects in the works
that were evident in 2012. Hence, the criticism was that the arbitrator had
failed to take into account such evidence and erred in coming to the view that
the costs of the rectification would have been minimal in October 2012. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Applicant’s Reply Submissions (22 March 2019) p 43, para 75; Applicant’s 2nd
Reply Submissions (22 April 2019) p 12, para 25; Applicant’s 3rd Reply
Submissions (24 May 2019) p 3, para 4 – p 4 para 6.

110 I found this submission to be completely unsupportable. A review of the
record of the arbitration proceedings revealed that this issue of the
admissibility of the GDC report was a matter that was raised to the arbitrator
on more than one occasion. It suffices for me to say that the arbitrator
decided that the applicant could not rely on the GDC report if the maker of
the report was not being called to give evidence. In fact, the applicant’s
counsel made clear representations to the arbitrator that, apart from the
photographs in the GDC report, which were incorporated into the report of one
Mr Chin Cheong, the applicant was not relying on the GDC report. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Respondent’s 5th Submissions (9 May 2019) p 3 para 2 – p 6 para 13 and Tabs 6
– 7 (especially Tab 7, pp 11 and 14)

Given what transpired, I am at a loss on how the applicant can even make the
submission that the arbitrator had failed to appreciate the significance of
the GDC report on the issue of defects.

(3) The ninth question

111 The ninth question raised by the applicant is this: whether the arbitrator
was wrong in law in failing to consider evidence that was available, and
instead holding that there was no evidence that the value of the property was
between S$6.8m and S$7m between October 2012 and April 2013 when there was
clear evidence from the applicant’s real estate agent that the value of the
property was S$7m around October 2012 and the evidence of the applicant’s
expert valuer that the value of the property was $S6.8m between October 2012
and November 2013.

112 In his award, the arbitrator assessed the evidence adduced by the
applicant on the value of the property. He found the evidence from the
applicant’s real estate agent to be hearsay. This is because the real estate
agent, Mr Hanrik Tan, had concluded that the property was worth S$7m based on
a text message from a bank officer friend, and the said bank officer was not
called to give evidence. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NTC1 p 581, paras 820 – 821.

As for the applicant’s expert valuer, Mr Goh, the arbitrator analysed his
evidence and found it to be arbitrary and unreliable because his valuation of
the property was significantly higher than the transacted property prices in
the vicinity. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NTC1 pp 591 – 592, paras 841 – 842.

113 These findings by the arbitrator were based on his assessment of the
evidence and they are findings of fact. The question posed is not a question
of law, by any stretch. Attempts to effectively challenge findings of fact by
the arbitrator in the guise of questions of “law” must be resisted. At the
risk of repetition, the arbitrator is the master of the facts, and an
application for leave to appeal, or an appeal for that matter, is not the
appropriate avenue to challenge such findings of fact, which must be accepted
in an unqualified manner: Chua Aik Kia at [16].

114 Also, this is not a question for which it can be said that the arbitrator
had come to an obviously wrong answer, nor is this a question on a matter of
public importance. Hence, an application for leave to appeal on this question
would not have been allowed in any event.

(4) The tenth question

115 The tenth question is closely related to the last one: whether the
arbitrator was wrong in law in failing to consider that the Evidence Act (Cap
97, 1997 Rev Ed) does not apply to the arbitration, and holding that the text
message from the bank officer to Mr Hanrik Tan stating that the value of the
property was S$7m was inadmissible hearsay evidence. There is a second part to
this question, which is the applicant’s complaint that the arbitrator had
relied on other hearsay evidence, namely the email evidence of another estate
agent, Lawrence Song, dated 4 October 2012, on the same issue. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Originating Summons 730 of 2018, prayer 1(j).

116 I will reiterate my observation that the arbitrator’s findings on the
evidence and, in this case, the weight to be given to the text message from
the bank officer is something that is well within the arbitrator’s remit as
the finder of fact. The law does not permit the court to intervene even if
there is an error of fact on the record, let alone in this case where the
arbitrator had given a clearly correct explanation for not accepting the text
message as evidence that he could rely on.

117 I would also add that I am unable to understand the applicant’s complaint
about the email from Lawrence Song, which stated that that there was an offer
of S$6.18 m for the property. The email by Lawrence Song had been raised by
the applicant, and both parties were content to rely on the contents of this
email as representing the truth that there was indeed an offer to purchase the
property at this price of S$6.18m. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NTC1 p 579, para 815.

The arbitrator was simply proceeding on the basis of what was undisputed by
the parties.

118 In any case, the arbitrator found that “there is insufficient evidence
adduced to support the [applicant’s] claim … that the [p]roperty could not be
sold at the [applicant’s] expected sales (sic) price of S$7.0 million due
purely and/or solely upon the alleged numerous defects.” 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NTC1 p 595, para 846.

Given the finding on causation, insofar as the applicant’s main gripe with the
arbitrator in this regard is his rejection of Mr Hanrik Tan’s valuation of the
property at S$7m, the admission of such evidence would not have substantially
affected the rights of the parties.

(5) The eleventh and thirteenth questions

119 The eleventh and thirteenth questions are closely related to the tenth
question, as they also relate to whether the arbitrator ought to have accepted
the valuation of the property that had been proffered by the applicant’s
experts.

120 The eleventh question raised by the applicant is this: whether the
arbitrator was wrong in holding that the applicant had adduced no evidence to
support her belief that the value of the property was higher than compared to
the surrounding properties in the vicinity because it was a newly built
property when the arbitrator himself forgot that he had cited the evidence of
the applicant’s expert valuer, Mr Goh, at [841] of the award to the same
effect. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Originating Summons 730 of 2018 at prayer 1(k).

121 The thirteenth question raised by the applicant is this: whether the
arbitrator was wrong in law and had no basis to reject the evidence of the
applicant’s expert valuer, Mr Goh, as being arbitrary, all the more so when
the respondent did not adduce any expert evidence to even challenge Mr Goh’s
valuation of the property. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Originating Summons 730 of 2018 at prayer 1(m).

122 As a preliminary point, I find that the intended application to raise both
these questions on appeal to be hopeless from the outset, given that whatever
valuation the arbitrator ascribed to the property, that would not
substantially affect the rights of the parties. This is because of the
arbitrator’s finding against the applicant on the issue of causation, as I
explained at [118] above.

123 Furthermore, both questions appear in substance to be challenging the
arbitrator’s rejection of Mr Goh’s evidence. Again, these are challenges
against findings of fact, and do not amount to questions of law. Nonetheless,
I will consider the questions briefly.

124 As regards the eleventh question, I have reviewed [841] of the award. I am
unable to agree with the applicant that, in that portion of the award, the
arbitrator had actually accepted the evidence of Mr Goh. Quite the contrary,
the arbitrator appeared to me to be criticising Mr Goh’s evidence for being
arbitrary and he was explaining why that was the case. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NTC1 pp 591 – 592, para 841.

125 This also answers the thirteenth question. Given that the arbitrator
provided sound reasons for rejecting Mr Goh’s evidence (see [112] above), it
did not matter that the respondent did not adduce any expert evidence to
challenge Mr Goh’s valuation; the onus was on the applicant to produce
sufficient evidence to prove her loss. Furthermore, the arbitrator was not
bound to accept Mr Goh’s evidence simply because the respondent had not called
an expert of its own to counter Mr Goh’s evidence. As the Court of Appeal
explained in PPG Industries (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Compact Metal Industries Ltd
[2013] SGCA 23 at [10], the opinions of experts “will always remain as
opinions and do not bind the court concerned.” It is thus entirely within the
remit of the arbitrator, as the finder of fact, to determine whether Mr Goh’s
opinion on the valuation of the property ought to be accepted as properly
reflecting the property’s value. On reviewing Mr Goh’s opinion, the arbitrator
did not think so, and he was well within his rights to reject his evidence.

126 Thus, I find that the intended application to appeal on the eleventh and
thirteenth questions would also be hopeless.

(6) The twelfth question

127 Finally, the twelfth question raised by the applicant is as
follows:whether the arbitrator was wrong in law in holding that, because the
applicant’s claim for loss in value of the property was based on the defects
to the property, this loss was too remote.

128 The arbitrator had considered the decision in Sunny Metal & Engineering
Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric [2007] 3 SLR(R) 782 at [56] as standing for the
proposition that remoteness limits the defendant’s liability if the
plaintiff’s loss was not reasonably foreseeable. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NTC1 p 587, para 831.

On the basis of such an uncontroversial principle, the arbitrator concluded
that the applicant’s claim for loss in value was not a consequential loss that
was reasonably foreseeable by the parties. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NTC1 p 588, para 834.

129 However, it bears reiteration that this was not the main basis for
rejecting the applicant’s claim for the loss in value of the property.
Instead, and as already mentioned, the arbitrator had rejected the applicant’s
claim for the loss in value as he found that there was no proper valuation to
justify her alleged claim that the property was worth S$7m, and that it had
not been proven that the loss in value was caused by the alleged defects. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NTC1 p 594, para 845.

Hence, even if the arbitrator’s findings on remoteness in this respect were
different, the applicant’s claim for loss in value would still fail, and her
rights would not be substantially affected.

130 Furthermore, given that the arbitrator had applied a well established
principle in determining whether the loss of value of the property was too
remote a head of loss to be recoverable, I am unable to agree with the
applicant that this is question of law for which the court would grant leave
to appeal. This is also neither a case where the arbitrator was obviously
wrong, nor a case where a question of general public importance is raised.

(7) Conclusion on the prospects of success

131 For the above reasons, I find that all of the questions raised by the
applicant in its intended application for leave to appeal are not ones that
would move the court to grant leave to appeal. Evaluating the prospects of
each of the thirteen questions raised by the applicant, I find the intended
application for leave to be quite hopeless and bound to fail.

Prejudice to the respondent

132 In exercising its discretion whether to extend time, the court will also
take into account the prejudice that may be suffered by the respondent if the
applicant is granted an extension of time to apply for leave to appeal against
the award. The respondent argues that the dispute between the parties took a
long time before it was fully and finally resolved by the arbitration. Indeed,
while the arbitration was commenced in October 2012, 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NTC1 para 13; MS1 para 11.

the award was only issued in 2017, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Ng Tze Chiew Diana’s first affidavit for HC/OS 730/2018 (“NTC-A”) pp 762 –
764.

and released to parties in May 2018. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NTC-A pp 765 – 768.

This has contributed to the delay in bringing matters finally to a close.
There is a net amount of S$59,558.37 due to the respondent based on the award.
This is not a large sum. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Respondent’s Further Skeletal Submissions (Issue on Extension of Time) (18
February 2019) pp 18 – 19, paras 21 – 23.

But, up to today, the applicant has not made any payment. While the respondent
has obtained an order of court to enforce the award, it has been unable to act
on the order to enforce because the applicant has taken an application to set
aside the leave granted because she alleges that there have been breaches of
natural justice in the making of the award (OS 1010/2018).

133 Whether there will be prejudice will depend on the facts of each case. In
S v A and B, it was held at [39] that “there is always at least some
irremediable prejudice when a commercial party is being kept out of its
money”. In Squibb, recognising the importance of the finality of arbitrated
disputes, the court found that the following circumstances constituted
prejudice to the respondent (at [28]–[29]):

28 … [The respondent] submits that [it] would suffer substantial prejudice if
[the applicant] were granted an extension of time to challenge the Award. [The
respondent] is a modest company with a turnover of £400,000 approximately in
comparison with [the applicant], a company with a turnover of £40 million
approximately. [The applicant’s] claim in the arbitration was for outstanding
invoices in the sum of just over £100,000 … The Award is for the modest sum of
£97,620.19…

29 The general principles of the [Arbitration Act 1996 (UK)] … are that
parties to arbitration should have autonomy and finality in the determination
of their disputes. Those principles are reflected in the short time limits for
any party to raise a challenge to an award. I am satisfied that any delay in
receiving payment of the sum awarded and any additional expense incurred in
enforcing the Award would cause irremediable prejudice to [the respondent].
That is a very significant factor in this case.

[emphasis added]

134 I accept that there will be a degree of prejudice suffered by the
respondent if an extension of time is granted to the applicant to apply for
leave to appeal. It will protract matters further. It bears noting that that
one of the factors which the court is required to take into account in
considering whether to grant leave to appeal under s 49 is whether it is just
and proper to do so, notwithstanding parties’ agreement to fully and finally
settle matters by arbitration. This suggests that, when the court has to
consider whether to grant an extension of time for a party to apply for leave
to appeal, the court must always bear in mind that the parties had agreed to
arbitration as the mode of settlement of their disputes. An attempt by the
unsuccessful party to challenge the merits of the award must be carefully
scrutinised because it delays the successful party’s rights to the fruits of
its success in the agreed mode of dispute resolution. This would be
inconsistent with the legislative policy with regard to arbitration, namely,
the expeditious resolution of arbitrated disputes and the need for finality:
Hong Huat at [25]. In my judgment, the respondent in this case will suffer
prejudice that is more than in the usual case because of the length of delay
by the applicant in bringing this application. That is a significant
consideration for the court.

Conclusion

135 On a holistic assessment of all the factors relevant to the application to
extend time, I find that this is not an appropriate case where time should be
extended. All the factors weigh heavily against the applicant, as I have
explained above. No good reason has been provided by the applicant for her
substantial delay in applying for leave to appeal against the award.
Additionally, a careful consideration of the alleged questions of law framed
by the applicant shows that most of the questions raised are not “questions of
law” or would not substantially affect the rights of the parties even if such
questions are answered by the court. The applicant’s application for leave to
appeal against the award is hopeless and is bound to fail. To allow such a
frivolous application would militate against the principle of finality, which
is fundamental for the efficient and effective resolution of disputes, a key
attraction of arbitration. This is why leave to appeal against an arbitral
tribunal’s award will not be lightly granted, as seen by the various
requirements that must be fulfilled under s 49 of the Act.

136 In an application for leave to appeal against an award under the Act,
arguments as to the correctness of the arbitral tribunal’s findings must
directly relate to the questions of law that are raised. The merits of the
award will not be reviewed in its entirety as if it is a rehearing. This is
more than a theoretical proposition – it carries very real consequences.
Parties must understand that arbitration, with the efficiency and finality it
allows, carries with it the potential serious downside that there exists
limited recourse against errors in law and fact that are committed by the
arbitrator(s) (Chua Aik Kia at [29] and [34]). This must form part of the
basket of considerations that parties weigh when deciding which mode of
dispute resolution best suits their needs. Having chosen arbitration, it would
not be permissible for a dissatisfied litigant to challenge findings of fact
and errors in the application of correct legal principles to the facts by
masquerading such challenges as appeals against questions of law that arise
from the arbitral award.

137 For the foregoing reasons, I decline to grant an extension of time. Even
if such an extension of time were granted, given my findings that the
prospects of the applicant succeeding in an application for leave to appeal is
hopeless, such leave to appeal would also have been denied. Therefore, I
dismiss Originating Summons 730 of 2018 in its entirety.

138 I will hear parties separately on the question of costs.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge

Koh Choon Guan Daniel, Lim Khoon and Ang Minghao (Eldan Law LLP) for the
applicant;  
Por Hock Sing Michael and Li Jiaxin (Michael Por Law Corporation) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

