Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE courtS of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHCF 26

Divorce (Transferred) No 5309 of 2014

Between

UZM  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

UZN  
---  
  
… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

[Family Law] — [Maintenance] — [Wife]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UZM

  

v

  

UZN

[2019] SGHCF 26

High Court (Family Division) — Divorce (Transferred) No 5309 of 2014  
Tan Puay Boon JC  
14, 21 January, 8 March 2019; 23 May 2019

19 December 2019 Judgment reserved.

Tan Puay Boon JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff (“the Husband”) and the defendant (“the Wife”) were married on
21 May 2000. There are no children to the marriage.

2 The Husband filed a writ for divorce on 14 November 2014 and the Wife filed
a defence and counterclaim on 16 December 2014. Interim judgment (“IJ”) was
granted on an uncontested basis on 24 March 2016, on the grounds that both
parties had behaved in such a way that the other party could not reasonably be
expected to live with them. In all, the marriage lasted 14 years before the
parties separated and it was dissolved two years later.

3 The matters that lie for determination are the division of matrimonial
assets, maintenance for the Wife and costs.

Background facts

4 The Husband, currently aged 55 years old, is a practising lawyer. The Wife,
currently aged 47 years old, is presently unemployed. The Husband is an equity
partner of a legal partnership, [P] LLP. The Husband established [P] LLP with
another equity partner in May 2010. He was previously a partner of another law
firm, M/S [T] & Co, a sole proprietorship, from 2008 to 2010. The Wife was
employed as an administrator at a different legal firm from 2001 to 2008. She
joined [P] LLP in 2010, where she was employed as a manager. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Wife’s affidavit of assets and means dated 15 September 2016 (“Wife’s AAM”) at
p 74.

5 After the marriage, the parties lived with the Husband’s parents at the WP
Property, which is now held by the Husband and his father as tenants-in-common
in equal shares.

6 According to the Wife, she discovered evidence of the Husband’s adultery in
around August 2013. It appeared that he dismissed her from [P] LLP in August
2013. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Wife’s AAM at para 40.

She temporarily moved out from the WP Property around that period and
permanently moved out in February 2014. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Wife’s AAM at para 100.

7 In 2012, the Wife purchased two properties, the 16G Property in her sole
name, and the 18G Property with her brother-in-law. The two properties were
completed in 2016. The Wife’s sale of the 16G Property was completed in May
2018. She continues to hold the 18G Property with her brother-in-law as
tenants-in-common in equal shares.

Division of matrimonial assets

8 Many cross-applications and affidavits were filed throughout the course of
the divorce proceedings. Some of the affidavits touched upon matters relating
to the conduct of the parties which were not strictly relevant. In reaching my
decision, I only took into consideration information that was relevant to
disposing of the issues at hand. The expeditious disposal of the proceedings
was also not helped by the slow responses of the Husband in providing the
requisite information, eg, that which related to the valuation of [P] LLP of
which the Husband is an equity partner. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Wife’s affidavit in reply to the Husband’s affidavit of assets and means dated
16 September 2016, dated 28 June 2018 (“Wife’s 28 June 2018 affidavit”) at
paras 6–11.

9 As a general position, all matrimonial assets and liabilities should be
identified as at the time of the IJ (“IJ date”), ie, 24 March 2016, and valued
at the time of the ancillary matters hearing (“the AM date”), ie, 14 January
2019. The balances in the bank and Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) accounts are
to be taken at the time of the IJ. As such, the matrimonial assets are the
moneys and not the bank and CPF accounts themselves. In general, for the other
assets, the available values as close to the AM date as possible will be used.
Nevertheless, in this decision, I adopt the values which the parties
specifically agreed to use for the relevant assets or liabilities, as
reflected in the updated joint summary of relevant information filed on 7
March 2019 (marked as “JSRI-3”). Where there was no agreement on the values in
the JSRI-3, I adopt those values which are supported by the available
documentary evidence.

Identification and assessment of the matrimonial assets

Preliminary observations regarding the immovable properties

10 Before setting out the various matrimonial assets and their values, I make
some observations regarding the three immovable properties.

11 First, the Wife stated in the JSRI-3 that the Husband had promised to give
her the 18G Property and that it should not be subject to division. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Joint Summary of Relevant Information dated 7 March 2019 (“JSRI-3”) at p 8.

She accepted in her submissions, however, that the 18G Property was to be
divided between the parties if its related liabilities were also included in
the pool. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Wife’s ancillaries written submissions dated 2 January 2019 (“WWS”) at para
47.

She made a similar submission that she should be entitled to a half share of
the WP Property as the Husband had allegedly made a promise to this effect. I
include both properties in the pool and address her contentions below.

12 Second, the Wife and the Husband respectively co-own the 18G Property and
the WP Property with third parties. The Wife and her brother-in-law hold the
18G Property and the Husband and his father hold the WP Property as tenants-
in-common in equal shares. The WP Property was previously held in joint
tenancy between the Husband and his father after the father included the
Husband as a joint tenant by way of a gift in June 2006. The Husband’s father
severed the joint tenancy in October 2018. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Wife’s brother-in-law’s affidavit dated 15 October 2018 at para 4; Husband’s
affidavit dated 18 October 2018 at para 6.

13 Bearing in mind that third parties have interests in the immovable
properties, I took heed of the Court of Appeal’s statements in UDA v UDB and
another [2018] 1 SLR 1015 (“UDA”) at [56]–[58]:

56 If the property is legally owned by the third party, then the following
options will be available to the court and the spouses.

…

(d) … [the] spouse [who claims the property to be a matrimonial asset] may ask
the court to determine whether the asset is a matrimonial asset without
involving the third party’s participation at all or making an order directly
affecting the property. This is Option 1.

57 In respect of [56(d)] above, the family justice court should only take
Option 1 if both spouses agree to it, as this course could result in the
disputed asset being treated as a matrimonial asset and adjustments being made
in the division of other assets to account for its value when in separate
proceedings later it may be determined that the third party was both the legal
and the beneficial owner of the property and neither spouse had any interest
in it at all. Thus, the result of taking Option 1 may be to prejudice the
spouse who has had to account to the other for the value of an item of
property which turns out not to be a matrimonial asset. By the time of the
separate action the s 112 proceedings may have completed and no adjustments
may be possible to reflect the decision made in the third party’s separate
proceedings. … We should add that Option 1 would not be viable if the disputed
asset is the main or only substantial asset available for division.

58 The other situation is where the property is in the name of one of the
spouses and the third party is a ‘shadowy’ figure in the wings whom that
spouse claims has an interest in the property but no order is sought by or
against the third party directly. In such a case, because no order is sought
by or against the third party, it is permissible for the court to make an
order exercising its powers under s 112 because the only parties directly
affected by the order will be the parting spouses. This, again, is an Option 1
course. The choice of Option 1 would have the same risks for the spouses as
alluded to in [57] above. Thus, for instance, the spouse in whose name the
property stands, having been ordered to share the value of the property with
the other spouse, may later find he or she has to account to the third party
for such value or to transfer the property outright to the third party. This
is because the determination of the ownership of the disputed property in the
s 112 proceedings will not bind the third party who may challenge it in
separate proceedings. But that is the risk the spouse takes by not seeking an
order that will bind the third party. …

14 At a pre-trial conference before the ancillary matters hearing (“AM
hearing”) started, counsel for the parties were asked to inform the affected
third parties (ie, the Wife’s brother-in-law and the Husband’s father) to
assert their positions on their claims on the properties that they jointly
owned, and also their positions on any orders which require disposition of
those properties. The Wife’s brother-in-law filed an affidavit on 15 October
2018 for the purposes of the proceedings affirming that he and the Wife were
tenants-in-common of the 18G Property, but did not state his position in
relation to any orders that the court might make. Although the Husband’s
father did not file a similar affidavit, I consider him a “shadowy” figure in
the wings: UDA at [58]. Both parties’ counsel informed me at the hearing on 14
January 2019 that the third parties will not be participating in these
proceedings, and were aware that their respective interests may be affected if
there is an order for sale. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 14 Jan 2019 at p 2.

15 In the circumstances, I consider the present proceedings to involve an
“Option 1” situation. The parties agreed that their respective shares in the
immovable properties were matrimonial assets and that their values would be
equivalent to half of the gross value of the properties. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NE 14 Jan 2019 at p 2; JSRI-3 at pp 8 and 10.

Since no order is sought by or against the third parties, I proceed to
exercise my jurisdiction under s 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev
Ed) (“WC”) to divide the matrimonial pool.

Agreed assets

16 The parties agree on the following matrimonial assets and their respective
gross values:

S/No| Description| Agreed value ($)  
---|---|---  
Wife’s assets  
1| ½ share of the 18G Property| 425,000.00 10

##### Foot Note 10

× JSRI-3 at p 8.  
2| CPF Account| 76,458.86 11

##### Foot Note 11

× JSRI-3 at p 8.  
3| POSB Account No -4942 | 1,104.06 12

##### Foot Note 12

× JSRI-3 at p 9.  
4| DBS Account No -0943| 79.43 13

##### Foot Note 13

× JSRI-3 at p 9.  
5| POSB Account No -1736| 0.00 14

##### Foot Note 14

× JSRI-3 at p 9.  
| Sub-total (A)| 502,642.35  
  
17 I also include in the matrimonial pool the assets in the Husband’s name
whose identities were not disputed by the Wife. Absent the Wife’s express
agreement in the JSRI-3 and her written submissions, I adopt those values that
are supported by documentary evidence:

S/No| Description| Value ($)  
---|---|---  
Husband’s assets  
1| ½ share of the WP Property| 1,500,000.00 15

##### Foot Note 15

× JSRI-3 at p 10.  
2| Surrender value of AIA Asset Builder policies (as at August 2016)|
108,750.37 16

##### Foot Note 16

× JSRI-3 at pp 10, 11; cf WWS at p 3; Husband’s affidavit of assets and means
dated 16 September 2016 (“Husband’s AAM”) at pp 55, 57.  
3| Shares (as at 31 January 2017)| 1,252.80 17

##### Foot Note 17

× JSRI-3 at p 11, cf Husband’s reply affidavit in FC/SUM 1044/2017 dated 10
April 2017 at p 19.  
4| UOB Account No -7862 (as at 31 August 2016)| 367.92 18

##### Foot Note 18

× Husband’s AAM at pp 9, 66.  
5| UOB I-Account No -8842 (as at 31 August 2016)| 39.68 19

##### Foot Note 19

× Husband’s AAM at pp 9, 70.  
6| UOB Account No -1466 (as at 31 August 2016)| 0.00 20

##### Foot Note 20

× Husband’s AAM at pp 9, 74.  
7| UOB HomePlus Account No -6446 (as at 31 August 2016)| 17.84 21

##### Foot Note 21

× Husband’s AAM at pp 9, 74.  
8| CPF Account (as at 14 September 2016)| 44,560.05 22

##### Foot Note 22

× JSRI-3 at p 11; cf Husband’s AAM at p 61.  
9| Gold chains, rings and two watches| 30,000.00 23

##### Foot Note 23

× JSRI-3 at p 11; Husband’s AAM at p 10.  
| Sub-total (B)| 1,684,988.66  
  
18 The values of the immovable properties in the tables above are the
properties’ gross values. The outstanding liabilities on the properties are
disputed and will be addressed at [53] and [55].

19 For the avoidance of doubt, I find that the WP Property is a matrimonial
asset by virtue of its use by the parties as their matrimonial home from May
2000 to February 2014: see s 112(10) of the WC. As the parties did not live in
the 16G Property or the 18G Property at any point, neither Property
constituted the matrimonial home.

Assets with disputed valuations

(1) The Husband’s earnings from and share in [P] LLP

20 The Wife sought a half share in the profits or earnings of [P] LLP. The
Husband argued that her claim was disentitled by virtue of s 36G(1) of the
Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“LPA”), which disallows a person
who is not a regulated legal practitioner from “shar[ing] in the profits of,
any Singapore law practice … unless the individual is registered under [s
36G]”. Furthermore, the Wife’s work in the firm was merely administrative, and
she was entitled only to her salary. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Husband’s Written Submissions dated 2 January 2019 (“HWS”) at paras 37–49.

21 I disagree that s 36G(1) of the LPA precludes the Husband’s earnings from
[P] LLP from being regarded as a matrimonial asset. To be clear, s 36G(1)
would disallow the Wife from seeking a direct share in the law firm’s profits
through a profit sharing arrangement with its partners. However, it does not
operate in the context of the division of assets under s 112 of the WC. The
Husband established [P] LLP in 2010, and his earnings and share in the firm
are matrimonial assets as they were acquired during the marriage (s 112(10)(b)
of the WC), just as how a spouse’s earnings from and share in any other
commercial venture would be considered matrimonial assets.

22 Both parties appointed accounting experts to value the Husband’s earnings
and share in [P] LLP. The expert reports they prepared were helpful in valuing
these earnings and the Husband’s share in the partnership. The Wife’s
accounting expert concluded that the Husband earned $4,662,871.00 from 2009 to
2016, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Wife’s expert’s expert report dated 1 November 2018 (“ES Report”) at para
10.3.

and the Husband’s accounting expert concluded that he earned $4,549,959.00
from Year of Assessment (“YA”) 2011 to YA 2017. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Husband’s expert’s expert report dated 27 December 2018 (“WJW Report”) at para
3.29.

The Wife submitted that the Husband’s earnings in their totality should be
included in the matrimonial pool. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Wife’s ancillaries further submissions dated 14 January 2019 (“WWS2”) at paras
5, 7.

23 I first deal with the Husband’s earnings. In my view, the Husband’s
earnings as reflected by an accounting analysis of, inter alia, [P] LLP’s
financial statements and his yearly income tax statements cannot be included
wholesale in the matrimonial pool. Firstly, at least some of his earnings
would already be included in the pool in the form of the other assets, eg, the
bank account balances. Secondly, their wholesale inclusion would not give
allowance for the Husband’s reasonable living expenses from 2009 to 2016. I do
not accept the Wife’s submission that the Husband’s expenses in relation to,
inter alia, his insurance payments, transport and socialising were not
“justifiable expense[s] that should not be subject to division”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See WWS2 at paras 21, 28.

She must go further to show that these expenses were unlawful dissipations of
the matrimonial assets such that they should be notionally added to the
matrimonial pool. For reference, the Court of Appeal in TNL v TNK and another
appeal and another matter [2017] 1 SLR 609 (“TNL”) at [24] provided the
following guidelines on how allegations of wrongful dissipation are to be
addressed:

… [T]he issue is how the court should deal with substantial sums expended by
one spouse during the period: (a) in which divorce proceedings are imminent;
or (b) after interim judgment but before the ancillaries are concluded. We are
of the view that if, during these periods, and whether by way of gift or
otherwise, one spouse expends a substantial sum, this sum must be returned to
the asset pool if the other spouse is considered to have at least a putative
interest in it and has not agreed, either expressly or impliedly, to the
expenditure either before it was incurred or at any subsequent time.
Furthermore, this remains the case regardless of whether: (a) the expenditure
was a deliberate attempt to dissipate matrimonial assets; or (b) the
expenditure was for the benefit of the children or other relatives. The spouse
who makes such a payment must be prepared to bear it personally and in full.
In the absence of consent, he or she cannot expect the other spouse to share
in it. What constitutes a substantial sum is, of course, a question of fact
and we do not propose to lay down a hard and fast rule in this regard, except
to emphasise that it is not intended to include daily, run-of-the-mill
expenses. [emphasis added]

24 The Wife has not adequately substantiated an allegation of wrongful
dissipation. As such, I prefer to analyse this issue of the Husband’s earnings
in terms of whether he has sufficiently discharged his duty to make full
disclosure of his assets and whether an adverse inference should be drawn
against him for failing to do so. In this regard, the Wife alleged that the
Husband’s expenses were vague and unsubstantiated, and that he made
withdrawals that he failed to substantiate. For instance, although his UOB
Account No -7862 had a balance of $51,461.88 as at September 2013, it had a
balance of $0.00 by October 2016. The Wife submitted that the Husband was
unable to provide a reasonable and reliable explanation on his earnings, and
that her share of the disclosed assets should be uplifted by 20% to account
for his undisclosed assets. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Wife’s 28 June 2018 affidavit at para 46; WWS at paras 78–81; Wife’s
ancillaries reply submissions dated 7 March 2019 (“WWS3”) at paras 65–70.

25 In BOR v BOS and another appeal [2018] SGCA 78 (“BOR”), the Court of Appeal
stated at [75]:

… The court should not draw an adverse inference unless (a) there is a
substratum of evidence which establishes a prima facie case against the person
against whom the inference is to be drawn; and (b) that person has some
particular access to the information he is said to be concealing or
withholding …

26 On his part, the Husband deposed that he spent $310,000.00 from 2010 to
2016 on the following: $120,000.00 on pilgrimage trips to India; gifts of
$110,000.00 to various relatives; $40,000.00 on traffic accident repairs; and
$40,000.00 on astrological advice. He also deposed that his yearly expenses
were $280,000.00 to $300,000.00. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Husband’s 3rd ancillary matters affidavit dated 10 August 2018 (“Husband’s 3rd
AM affidavit”) at para 6(iii).

I do not accept his evidence in this regard. He adduced no documentary
evidence or correspondence showing that the above transfers to his relatives
were made. As for his stated living expenses, his expert was only able to
substantiate yearly living expenses of $136,831.35–$237,796.90 (totalling
$1,163,162.68). Furthermore, the expert concluded that the Husband’s cash
balance as at 31 December 2016 ought to have been $428,678.36. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

WJW Report at paras 4.62–4.64, 4.77.

Yet the total balance of the Husband’s four bank accounts as at the IJ date
was minimal, amounting to less than $500.00 (see above at [17]).

27 Given the large discrepancy between the Husband’s earnings and his
available moneys in his bank accounts, I agree with the Wife that the state of
the Husband’s cash balances is suspicious and that an adverse inference ought
to be drawn against him. In Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy and another
appeal [2011] 2 SLR 1157, the Court of Appeal held at [64]–[66] that where a
court finds that a party has failed to make full disclosure of his or her
assets, the court can either give a value to the undisclosed assets or give a
higher percentage of the disclosed assets to the other party. While both
methods are to a large extent speculative, where the appropriated sum or value
of the undeclared asset is known, that sum or value should be added back to
the matrimonial pool for division: Chan Tin Sun v Fong Quay Sim [2015] 2 SLR
195 at [66]. As there is little basis upon which I can pinpoint the value of
the Husband’s undisclosed assets, I will give effect to the adverse inference
by adjusting the appropriate ratio of division in the Wife’s favour instead
(see [76] below).

28 As for the Husband’s share of [P] LLP, I am satisfied that his partnership
interest in [P] LLP is a matrimonial asset that is subject to division: see
Lim Keng Hwa v Tan Han Chuah [1996] 3 SLR(R) 536 at [27], [35]–[37]. The
parties’ experts were in agreement that $10,463.00 was a reasonable estimate
of [P] LLP’s net worth. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

WJW Report at para 3.31; ES Report at para 10.7.

I therefore adopt this valuation of the firm.

29 As for the size of the Husband’s share in [P] LLP, the letters from the
Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) regarding the “Revised
Allocation of Profit/Loss to Partners” in [P] LLP stated that the basis of
sharing between the Husband and his business partner ranged from 88.75:11.25
and 97.13:2.87 from YA 2011 to YA 2016. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

WJW Report at pp 54, 56, 58, 60, 62, 64, 66.

The Husband explained that the earnings for [P] LLP are divided between the
two partners based on the work that they each bring in and that his income
comprised his share of the takings of the firm. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Husband’s ancillary matters affidavit dated 22 February 2018 at para 24; NE 8
Mar 2019 at pp 2–3.

He valued his share in [P] LLP which was to be added to the matrimonial pool
at $5,231.50, being 50% of the valuation which the experts arrived at. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

JSRI-3 at p 10.

I find instead that his partnership interest, based on the IRAS letters, was
more in the range of 90% of [P] LLP. I thus include his 90% share in [P] LLP
in the pool, valued at $9,416.70 (being 90% x $10,463.00).

(2) The Husband’s car

30 As matrimonial assets are identified as at the IJ date, the previous car
that the Husband owned as at the IJ date should be included in the pool. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Husband’s AAM at para 6.

The Husband sold this car in October 2018 at $50,000.00. After deducting the
outstanding loan of $29,258.87 and administrative fees, he used the net sale
proceeds of $19,741.13 to purchase a new car. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Husband’s affidavit dated 4 March 2019 at pp 6 and 9.

I include this sum of $19,741.13 in the matrimonial pool. I do not include the
Husband’s new car as a matrimonial asset as it was acquired after the IJ date.

Assets disputed to be matrimonial assets

(1) The Husband’s CPF Investment Account No -8820

31 The Husband did not include CPF Investment Account No -8220 in the JSRI-3,
but it was alluded to in the Wife’s written submissions dated 2 January 2019.
38

##### Foot Note 38

×

WWS at p 4.

I include this asset in the pool, relying on the account statement dated 28
February 2017 (being the statement closest to the AM date) stating that the
account held Singapore Stock Exchange bonds with a market value of $15,280.00
on that date. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Husband’s reply affidavit in FC/SUM 1044/2017 dated 10 April 2017 at p 12.

(2) Moneys in the Wife’s “investment account”

32 The Husband claimed that the Wife possessed a balance of $300,271.75 in an
“investment account”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

JSRI-3 at p 13.

The Wife did not dispute that [P] LLP issued this sum to her in 2013 through
multiple cheques that she cashed into DBS Account No -0943. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Husband’s voluntary affidavit dated 24 November 2016 at pp 599–603.

The Husband alleged that the Wife dissipated this sum and failed to make full
and frank disclosure of it and submitted that an adverse inference should be
drawn against her. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

JSRI-3 at p 13; HWS at para 29.

33 It was agreed between the parties that the Husband placed the sum of
$300,271.75 in the Wife’s account because the parties felt that “it was not
auspicious for [the sum] to be left with [the Husband]”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Wife’s affidavit in Family Court Summons No 4007 of 2015 dated 17 December
2015 at para 10; HWS at para 23.

The Husband submitted that the sum was deposited with the Wife for investment
purposes, but she maintained that it constituted her salary from [P] LLP,
comprising monthly salaries of $3,500.00–$13,000.00 from January 2012 to July
2013 and annual bonuses of $120,000.00 in 2012 and 2013. Her IRAS tax
statements show that she paid income tax on $172,500.00 of her earnings in YA
2012 and $200,100.00 in YA 2013. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

WWS at para 42; Wife’s AAM at pp 75, 78–80.

34 Given the evidence, I find that is more likely that the sum in question was
the Wife’s remuneration from [P] LLP, even though it may have been that the
Husband granted her larger bonuses qua employer with the intention that she
would use her earnings to make joint investments on the household’s behalf.

35 As for whether an adverse inference should be drawn, I adopt the Court of
Appeal’s statements in BOR at [75] and [76]:

75 … [T]here must be some evidence which suggests on its face that the party
in question has deliberately sought to conceal or deplete some assets which
would otherwise be available for division.

76 Not every unexplained withdrawal or decrease in value in a bank account
over time will be sufficient to raise a prima facie case of dissipation. …
[W]ithdrawals of money which may legitimately be explained as personal
expenditures should generally be disregarded. … [I]n the appropriate case,
withdrawals which might be legitimately explained as genuine expenditures on
business or investments ought similarly to be disregarded. … [T]here is no
hard and fast rule as to the quantitative threshold at which the court will
find that a withdrawal of money does or does not call for an explanation.
Rather, this is necessarily a fact-sensitive matter and the court will
consider the evidence in the context of the parties’ habits, lifestyles,
business activities, and amount of the withdrawal(s) in relation to the total
value of the matrimonial assets in question.

36 At [79], the Court of Appeal considered that the frequency of 10 of the
husband’s withdrawals ranging from $60,623.00 to $492,361.00 did not support
an inference that he had any intention to dissipate the parties’ assets. The
parties led lavish lifestyles and were savvy investors who moved money between
numerous bank accounts to finance bonds and other investments, and the husband
was a businessman who would have had to meet the costs and expenses of his
business activities (at [77]). Seen in this context, the husband’s failure to
account for the withdrawn sums did not call for an adverse inference to be
drawn against him (at [78]). As the Court of Appeal noted at [79]:

In our view, the frequency of these withdrawals and the amounts that were
withdrawn do not support an inference that the Husband had any intention to
dissipate the parties’ assets with respect to those withdrawals. If the
Husband had intended to siphon off funds, he could simply have made a one-time
withdrawal of a lump sum, or a few large withdrawals from the joint accounts.
Instead, there were ten withdrawals of varying amounts over a period of three
years. Many of the amounts withdrawn were not round figures but very specific
sums of money (down to the cent) which suggests that the Husband was likely
withdrawing these sums to pay for particular expenditures or to pay off
specific loans. On the whole, the timing and amounts of these withdrawals do
not support the inference of an orchestrated design to remove funds from the
parties’ joint accounts. It also bears mention that the above ten withdrawals
add up to a total of S$1,562,066 withdrawn between July 2008 and November
2011, and this, incidentally, is only slightly more than the S$1,529,040 which
the Wife claims she received in October 2011 as reimbursement for personal and
household expenses from 2008 to 2011 …

37 In the present case, the bank statements for DBS Account No -0943 showed
that the account had a balance of $300,308.06 as at 31 August 2013 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Wife’s AAM at p 115.

and a balance of $79.43 as at the IJ date (see above at [16]). The Wife began
drawing down on the account from September 2013 onwards. To illustrate, her
withdrawals (via cash and cashier’s orders) from DBS Account No -0943 from
September 2013 to April 2014 are set out as follows: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Wife’s AAM at pp 116–123.

Month| Withdrawals ($)  
---|---  
September 2013| 10,000.00  
October 2013| 20,000.00  
December 2013| 30,000.00  
January 2014| 10,000.00  
February 2014| 25,000.00  
March 2014| 20,000.00  
April 2014| 60,010.00  
  
38 The Husband noted that the Wife made withdrawals totalling $221,370.00 from
DBS Account No -0943 from September 2013 to December 2014. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

HWS at para 65(a).

The Wife explained in her response to the Husband’s request for discovery and
interrogatories that she used cash withdrawals to meet her rental expenditure,
her income tax payments and other personal expenses and legal fees. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Wife’s affidavit dated 26 January 2017 in response to the Husband’s request
for discovery and interrogatories dated 2 November 2016 (“Wife’s response to
discovery and interrogatories”) at paras 34–35, 44.

I observe that her pattern of making larger withdrawals from this account
began in August 2013, after she discovered evidence of the Husband’s adultery,
and when she consequently stopped working at [P] LLP and temporarily moved out
of the matrimonial home. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See Wife’s AAM at paras 99, 102.

Considering that her last drawn salary was $13,000.00 (as at August 2013), I
accept that at least some of her withdrawals would have been made from August
2013 to meet her personal expenses. To this end, she exhibited receipts
showcasing her expenditure during this period, and I am satisfied that she
made substantial efforts to verify her spending. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

See, eg, the exhibits to Wife’s affidavit in Family Court Summons No 872 of
2017 dated 20 November 2017.

It would be unrealistic to expect her to produce full and complete records
accounting for her incurred expenses.

39 Relatedly, the Wife deposed that some of her cash withdrawals were
deposited into POSB Account No 4942. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Wife’s response to discovery and interrogatories at paras 48–49.

This is corroborated by relevant bank account statements which show a strong
correspondence between the withdrawals made from DBS Account No -0943 and the
deposits disputed by the Husband. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Husband’s request for interrogatories dated 2 November 2016 at S/N 23; Wife’s
AAM at pp 127–135.

40 Finally, the Wife explained that she took out a cashier’s order for
$41,755.00 dated 1 April 2014 for developer payments for the 18G Property, and
withdrew $10,500.00 on 13 February 2015 to pay her legal fees in relation to
the divorce proceedings. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Wife’s response to discovery and interrogatories at paras 45–46.

However, she did not provide documentary evidence of these transactions. The
Husband appeared to accept in his submissions that a sum in the range of
$50,000.00 was paid towards the 18G Property. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

HWS at para 27.

41 Although the Wife deposed that she did not have the habit of keeping proper
documentary records, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Wife’s response to discovery and interrogatories at para 6.

I find that her failure to produce substantiating evidence in relation to her
legal fees justifies the drawing of an adverse inference. The Wife would have
had particular access to such evidence. In any event, since legal fees cannot
be deducted from the matrimonial pool (UFU (M.W.) v UFV [2017] SGHCF 23 at
[105]), I add a rough figure of $10,000.00 to the matrimonial pool against the
Wife.

(3) Proceeds from the sale of the 16G Property

42 The 16G Property was a matrimonial asset as at the IJ date. The Wife
claimed that it was purchased at $1,504,000.00. She sold it at a loss in May
2018 at $1.3m as she could not meet the mortgage instalment payments. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Wife’s AAM at para 3(a); Wife’s affidavit dated 11 May 2018 at para 10(d).

The Husband submitted that the CPF refund amounting to $188,626.87 for the
sale of the 16G Property should be clawed back and added to the pool. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

HWS at para 33; Wife’s affidavit dated 11 May 2018 at p 14.

43 The $1.3m sale price, added to the purchaser’s share of the property tax,
and maintenance and sinking fund fees, was first used to discharge the
outstanding mortgage loan of $1,145,157.85 on the 16G Property. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Wife’s affidavit dated 11 May 2018 at para 10(d) and pp 11, 15.

The remaining sum was used to refund the Wife’s CPF contribution to the 16G
Property. This left a shortfall of $60,826.02 comprising: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Wife’s affidavit dated 11 May 2018 at pp 11–12.

(a) $44,516.02 owed to the CPF Board;

(b) $13,910.00 in commission fees; and

(c) $2,400.00 in legal fees.

The CPF Board reduced the amount that the Wife owed to it to $16,104.00 on her
appeal. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Wife’s 28 June 2018 affidavit at para 32.

As a result, $32,414.00 was outstanding following the sale of the 16G
Property. The Wife submitted that this sum should be included in the pool as a
matrimonial liability. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

WWS at p 4 and para 45.

44 Even though the 16G Property was sold at a loss, the Wife’s CPF
contribution to the 16G Property in the sum of $144,110.85 was returned to her
CPF account. This sum should be added to the matrimonial pool, less the
$32,414.00 that was outstanding after the sale was completed. I note that the
Husband paid $20,000.00 to the Wife in May 2018 to cover her shortfall in
relation to the sale of the 16G Property, but I do not take this into account
since his agreement to do so was in consideration of the parties’ withdrawal
of their respective applications and summons in related legal proceedings. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

See Wife’s 28 June 2018 affidavit at pp 71–74.

45 Accordingly, I add $111,696.85 to the matrimonial pool, representing a
rough estimation of the sale proceeds of the 16G Property after deducting the
expenses incurred by the Wife in her divestment of a loss-making matrimonial
asset.

(4) Rental proceeds from the 16G Property and the 18G Property

46 The Wife alleged that the parties agreed in 2016 that the Husband was to
make monthly payments of $4,097.00 and $1,360.87 towards the 16G Property and
the 18G Property respectively. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

See Wife’s affidavit in FC/SUM 748/2017 dated 7 March 2017 at pp 13, 17.

The Husband’s failure to make timely payment from January 2017 to May 2018 led
her to sell the 16G Property and to borrow $66,000.00 from her family and
friends to meet payment shortfalls. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Wife’s 28 June 2018 affidavit at paras 24–28.

She proceeded to take up enforcement proceedings for interim maintenance in
Family Court Summons No 748 of 2017.

47 On 22 January 2018, the High Court (Family Division) found that the
agreement between the parties through a letter dated 1 March 2016 was that the
Husband was to foot the mortgage payment for the two properties pending the
resolution of the AM proceedings. This interim agreement was not a maintenance
agreement. Nonetheless, the High Court (Family Division) ordered the Husband
to bear half of the monthly mortgage payments for the 18G Property and the
full monthly mortgage payments for the 16G Property. The Wife was to collect
the rental proceeds due, with the entitlement of the rental moneys to be
determined at the AM hearing. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

High Court (Family Division) Order No 68 of 2018.

The parties did not appeal against that decision (see the agreement discussed
at [44] above).

48 The Husband sought to claw back into the matrimonial pool the rental
proceeds for the 16G Property and 18G Property: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Husband’s written submissions dated 23 May 2019 (“HWS2”) at para 14; Husband’s
affidavit dated 4 March 2019 at pp 5–6.

(a) 16G Property (sold in May 2018): $64,800.00, comprising the rental at
$2,700.00/month collected over 24 months (February 2016 to January 2018).

(b) 18G Property: $79,400.00, comprising the rental collected over 39 months
(from 31 March 2016 to 31 May 2019).

I interpret this submission to be an allegation that the Wife wrongfully
dissipated the rental income from the 16G Property and the 18G Property.

49 The Wife did not dispute that she collected rental proceeds, but submitted
that they constituted interim maintenance. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE 23 May 2019 at p 10.

She accounted for them as follows: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

WWS at paras 50–52; Wife’s affidavit dated 28 June 2018 at paras 42–43.

(a) 16G Property: Rental income was put towards monthly loans, agent’s fees,
Management Corporation Strata Title (“MCST”) fees, property tax and other
payments.

(b) 18G Property: Rental income was used for MCST fees and property tax-
related payments. The Husband stopped contributing to the mortgage payments
from January 2017 but resumed monthly contributions of $1,750.00 from April
2018. The Wife’s brother-in-law collected the rent from January 2017 to April
2018 as he made property-related payments on the Wife’s behalf. The rental
income was: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Wife’s affidavit dated 7 March 2019 at pp 5, 15.

(i) $2000.00/month (1 March 2016–28 February 2017);

(ii) $1,900.00/month (1 April 2017–31 March 2018); and

(iii) $1,800.00/month (1 June 2018–31 May 2019).

50 Since it is accepted that the Wife and her brother-in-law share the 18G
Property on an equal basis, she would only have been entitled to $39,700.00
over the 39-month period that the Husband lays claim to. She would be expected
to account for the total rental income of $104,500.00 (being $64,800.00 +
$39,700.00) from approximately February 2016 to May 2019.

51 I accept the Wife’s evidence that the Husband reneged on his agreement to
pay the mortgage loan instalments for the properties as agreed. This would
explain why she felt compelled to sell the 16G Property at a loss. I also
accept that part of the rental income was put towards mortgage payments and
other property-related expenses. However, neither party adduced bank
statements showing the extent of their respective contributions. I also note
that the Husband disputes the Wife’s claim that he did not pay the maintenance
and related fees. These fees were approximately $451.85 (for the 16G Property)
and $168.66 (for the Wife’s half share in the 18G Property) as at 7 March
2017. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Wife’s affidavit in FC/SUM 748/2017 dated 7 March 2017 at p 55.

52 I have already accounted for the Wife’s personal expenditure from her own
savings in lieu of receiving interim maintenance in relation to the sum of
$300,271.75 that she did not fully account for (see above at [38]). In the
circumstances, I find that the Wife has not adequately accounted for the
rental income from the two properties. Adopting a rough and ready approach,
$20,000.00 of the rental proceeds should be notionally returned to the pool.
This is very much a figure in the round that I arrive at in view of the lack
of satisfactory evidence on both sides.

Disputed matrimonial liabilities

(1) Mortgage loan for the 18G Property

53 The mortgage loan for the 18G Property was taken out on 24 December 2012
and is therefore a matrimonial liability. The Husband accepted in his
submissions that the outstanding mortgage loan on the 18G Property was as
reflected in the Wife’s affidavit dated 8 November 2018, ie, $543,933.58. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

HWS at para 4; Wife’s affidavit dated 8 November 2018 at para 4.

I adopt this value and deduct it from the gross value of the 18G Property to
derive the net value of Wife’s share of the 18G Property: $153,033.21 (being
$425,000.00 – ($543,933.58 x 50%)).

(2) Mortgage loan for the WP Property

54 The Husband entered into a term loan of $500,000.00 against the WP Property
in May 2012. The Wife argued that the term loan was not a matrimonial
liability as it was taken up for the Husband’s “own purposes”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

JSRI-3 at p 15.

The Husband claimed that it was used for the down payments for the 16G
Property and the 18G Property (in the sum of $116,955.00); monthly mortgage
payments for the 16G Property and the 18G Property (in the sum of $78,436.46);
the $30,000.00 down payment of his previous car; $20,000.00 worth of jewellery
for the Wife; and the running of [P] LLP. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Husband’s 3rd AM affidavit at para 5(iii) and p 25.

The Husband’s expert stated that the down payments for the 16G Property and
18G Property were corroborated by cheques, but could not verify the other
stated transactions. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

WJW Report at paras 4.7, 4.34, 4.36, 4.75 and pp 355, 356.

Although there is a lack of supporting documentation, I find that the
Husband’s account is more likely.

55 The amount outstanding on the loan was $386,393.42 as at 30 June 2018. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Husband’s 3rd AM affidavit at para 5(ii).

I adopt this value and deduct it from the gross value of the WP Property to
derive the net value of the Husband’s share of the WP Property: $1,306,803.29
(being $1,500,000.00 – ($386,393.42 x 50%)).

(3) Wife’s credit card loans

56 The Wife exhibited credit card statements and sought to include them in the
pool. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

WWS at p 4.

These statements were in relation to liabilities incurred after the IJ date.
As I explained at [9], matrimonial liabilities are to be identified as at the
IJ date; I therefore do not include these liabilities in the pool.

Total pool of matrimonial assets

57 The net value of the total pool of matrimonial assets is $1,928,602.19. The
following table sets out the parties’ assets and liabilities (excluding the
assets of zero value):

S/No| Description| Net value ($)| Reference  
---|---|---|---  
Wife’s assets  
1| ½ share of the 18G Property| 153,033.21| [16], [53]  
2| CPF Account| 76,458.86| [16]  
3| POSB Account No -4942 | 1,104.06| [16]  
4| DBS Account No -0943| 79.43| [16]  
5| Amount to be notionally added to the pool due to adverse inference drawn|
10,000.00| [41]  
6| Sale proceeds of 16G Property| 111,696.85| [45]  
7| Rental income to be notionally added to the pool| 20,000.00| [52]  
| Sub-total (C)| 372,372.41|  
Husband’s assets  
1| ½ share of the WP Property| 1,306,803.29| [17], [55]  
2| Surrender value of AIA Asset Builder policies (as at August 2016)|
108,750.37| [17]  
3| Shares (as at 31 January 2017)| 1,252.80| [17]  
4| UOB Account No -7862 (as at 31 August 2016)| 367.92| [17]  
5| UOB I-Account No -8842 (as at 31 August 2016)| 39.68| [17]  
6| UOB HomePlus Account No -6446 (as at 31 August 2016)| 17.84| [17]  
7| CPF Account (as at 14 September 2016)| 44,560.05| [17]  
8| Gold chains, rings and two watches| 30,000.00| [17]  
9| 90% share in [P] LLP| 9,416.70| [29]  
10| Sale proceeds of previous car| 19,741.13| [30]  
11| CPF Investment Account No -8220 (as at 28 February 2017)| 15,280.00| [31]  
| Sub-total (D)| 1,536,229.78|  
| Total in pool [(C)+(D)]| 1,908,602.19|  
  
Division of assets

58 In ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ”) at [22], the Court of Appeal set out
a structured approach for the division of assets, premised on the parties’
contributions to the marriage. Both parties agreed that the structured
approach applied. As this was not a single-income marriage, I apply the
structured approach accordingly.

Step 1: Direct financial contributions

59 The Husband submitted that the ratio of direct contributions was 100:0
between him and the Wife. The Wife proposed a 50:50 ratio. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

JSRI-3 at p 16.

60 The Court of Appeal has said in ANJ at [18] that the court exercises its
power to divide matrimonial assets in broad strokes. At [23], it stated:

… Even in respect of direct financial contributions of the parties, not
infrequently, the situation is less than clear. In a case where the
documentary evidence falls short of establishing exactly who made what
contribution and/or the exact amount of monetary contribution made by each
party, the court must make a ‘rough and ready approximation’ of the figures …

Adopting this “broad brush” approach, I consider the ratio of direct
contributions to be 86:14 between the Husband and Wife. I explain why.

(1) The WP Property

61 It was not disputed that this Property was a gift to the Husband. The Wife
submits that this gift was meant to include the parties jointly. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

WWS at para 11.

Relatedly, she submitted that she ought to receive a half-share in the WP
Property as she contributed to it in the belief that she would receive a half-
share in the WP Property after the Husband’s parents passed on. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

WWS at para 37.

62 While the Wife may have expected herself to receive some interest in the WP
Property in the event that the Husband’s parents passed away, this is not
strictly relevant to the division of matrimonial assets under s 112 of the WC.
The status of the WP Property as a matrimonial asset is not premised on the
Wife’s belief in her entitlement to the WP Property as a matter of inheritance
or on the basis of any promise made, but in its use as the matrimonial home
and the cradle of the family during the marriage. In any event, there is
little evidence of any promises by the Husband or his parents that the Wife
had any entitlement to the WP Property or that such promises had any legal
effect.

63 Also weighted against the Wife is the fact that the Husband’s father gifted
the WP Property solely to the Husband and not jointly to the parties. In BON
and others v BOQ [2018] 2 SLR 1370, the Court of Appeal found at [8]–[10] that
cash gifts provided by the husband’s father for the husband and wife to
purchase and renovate their matrimonial home were joint gifts to the couple,
and not to the husband alone. Significantly, although the affidavit evidence
of the husband’s father in that case was that the sum was for the benefit of
the husband alone, the father’s intention for the couple to jointly benefit
from the money was reliably inferred from his objective acts to provide the
sum for them to purchase the property in their joint names without taking
additional steps to protect the sum from the wife.

64 Here, after parties married in May 2000, the Husband’s father took steps to
create a joint tenancy with the Husband alone in June 2006. The Wife was not
included as joint tenant. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Wife’s AAM at para 52.

This indicates to me that the gift of the WP Property was to the Husband alone
to the exclusion of the Wife. Its inclusion in the matrimonial pool is
therefore not regarded to be a joint contribution by the parties.

(2) 16G Property and 18G Property

65 The Husband claimed that the down payment for these properties and monthly
mortgage payments from March 2016 to January 2017 were financed through the
term loan on the WP Property which he took out in 2012. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Husband’s 3rd AM affidavit at para 5(iv).

The Wife accepted that the Husband made direct contributions of $322,060.50 to
the down payment of these properties. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

WWS2 at para 17; WJW Report at paras 4.35–4.38.

66 As the 16G Property was sold at a loss, I do not consider the Husband’s
contributions to its purchase to be his direct contribution to it. The net
proceeds of the sale ($111,696.85, see [43]) as constituted by the Wife’s CPF
contribution which was refunded to her are her direct contribution to the 16G
Property.

67 As for the 18G Property, the Husband submitted that he contributed
$124,040.50 to its down payment. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

HWS2 at para 8.

This did not appear to be disputed by the Wife. However, there was
insufficient evidence on the parties’ contributions to the mortgage payments
(see [51]). Nevertheless, I considered the Husband to have contributed more in
this regard since he was the primary breadwinner between the parties and was
more likely to have the financial resources to foot these payments. I
therefore roughly find that the ratio of the parties’ direct contributions to
the 18G Property was 70:30 between the Husband and the Wife. I apportion the
value of the 18G Property between them on that basis.

(3) The other assets

68 I find that the parties respectively contributed to the assets in their own
names.

Conclusions on direct financial contributions

69 Overall, I find that the ratio of the parties’ direct contributions to the
marriage is roughly as follows:

S/No| Asset| Husband’s direct contributions ($)| Wife’s direct contributions
($)  
---|---|---|---  
1| Wife’s ½ share in the 18G Property| 107,123.25 | 45,909.96   
2| Assets in the Wife’s name (less her ½ share in the 18G Property)| -|
219,339.20  
3| Assets in the Husband’s name| 1,536,229.78| -  
| Total direct contributions to the matrimonial pool| 1,643,353.03  
(86%)| 265,249.16  
(14%)  
  
70 The calculations in the above table show that the ratio of direct
contributions is roughly 86:14 between the Husband and the Wife. I emphasise
that this ratio is not derived through a strict mathematical calculation, but
relies instead on the broad brush approach in ANJ. This ratio also reflects
that the Husband was the main income earner in the marriage and had the
capacity to make greater direct financial contributions to the matrimonial
assets.

Step 2: Indirect contributions

71 The Husband submits that the ratio of the parties’ indirect contributions
should be 95:5 between the Husband and the Wife. The Wife submits for a 0:100
ratio. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

JSRI-3 at p 18.

72 As a preliminary issue, I agree with the Husband’s argument that the text
messages between the Wife and [Y] and the emails between [Y] and the parties
were “communications in the course of negotiations genuinely aimed at
settlement of a dispute” and hence protected by “without prejudice” privilege:
see Cytec Industries Pte Ltd v APP Chemicals International (Mau) Ltd [2009] 4
SLR(R) 769 at [14]. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

See Wife’s AAM at para 131 and pp 511–608.

[Y] was a lawyer who was a mutual friend of the parties, and was approached by
them in around August 2013 to assist in mediating a settlement. Their
communications with her should not have been referred to in the Wife’s
affidavit of assets and means dated 15 September 2016.

73 The Husband submitted that the Wife was unable to justify her indirect
contributions because there were no children to the marriage and the couple
was assisted by domestic helpers. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE 23 May 2019 at p 9; HWS at para 56.

On her part, the Wife submitted that she contributed to the marriage in the
following ways: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

WWS at para 17.

(a) managing the running of the matrimonial home;

(b) payment for household expenses, including the domestic helper’s salary and
levy, groceries, marketing and minor repairs;

(c) payment for the Husband’s clothes, toiletries, and car-related expenses;

(d) caring for the household dog and managing pet-related expenses; and

(e) hosting parties and functions at the WP Property.

74 The Husband disputed the Wife’s submissions at [73(b)] and [73(c)]: he
submitted that she did not contribute to any renovations to the WP Property as
she was not on good terms with the Husband’s mother, who passed away in April
2006, and who did not permit such changes to be made to the WP Property. He
also argued that it was he who had paid for the groceries and household
expenses during the marriage. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

HWS2 at paras 17, 18 and p 14.

75 Given that the Husband was the main breadwinner in the relationship, it
would naturally follow that he would have been in the position to make larger
indirect financial contributions – both in relation to the WP Property and the
household expenses, as well as in relation to the maintenance fees and other
payments related to the 16G Property and the 18G Property. However, I accept
that the Wife made more significant indirect non-financial contributions. Even
though she was assisted by domestic helpers during the marriage, she would
have taken on some managerial role to ensure the smooth running of the
household (with all the accompanying logistical requirements). This role is as
essential and important as the direct performance of the chores itself: Pang
Rosaline v Chan Kong Chin [2009] 4 SLR(R) 935 at [20]. I also accept that she
contributed to the marriage by choosing to work for the Husband at [P] LLP in
2010 instead of at another law firm, even though the Husband paid her less
than what she earned at her previous law firm from 2010 to 2011. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Wife’s AAM at para 33 and p 75.

The Wife’s efforts in running the Husband’s firm and in managing the domestic
sphere helped to enable him to enjoy success at work and to generate a
substantial income. The Wife also had to manage the 16G Property and the 18G
Property after the IJ date, and to manage the mortgage loan shortfalls when
the Husband failed to contribute to the mortgage payments. Taking a broad
brush approach in assessing the evidence, I am satisfied on the admissible
evidence adduced that the ratio of indirect contributions should be 50:50
between the parties.

Step 3: The average ratio

76 Applying the structured approach, the average ratio would be 68:32 between
the Husband and the Wife. In the light of my decision to draw an adverse
inference against the Husband for his failure to make full and frank
disclosure of his assets (see above at [27]), I adjust the ratio in favour of
the Wife by 8%. The final ratio of division is to be 60:40 between the Husband
and the Wife.

| Husband (%)| Wife (%)  
---|---|---  
Direct Contributions| 86| 14  
Indirect Contributions| 50| 50  
Average ratio| 68| 32  
Post-adjustment ratio| 60| 40  
  
Distribution of assets

77 Based on the ratio derived above, the parties are each entitled to the
following shares of the matrimonial pool:

| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---  
Share of matrimonial pool| $1,145,161.31| $763,440.88  
  
78 It follows that the Husband is to transfer $391,068.47 (being $763,440.88 –
$372,372.41 (at [57] above)) to the Wife within six months from the date of
this judgment.

79 The Family Division of the High Court does not have jurisdiction to make
any directions that would bind a third party: see UDA at [28], [58]. As third
party interests are implicated in relation to the WP Property and the 18G
Property, the distribution of the matrimonial assets would have to be left to
parties, upon their obtaining the necessary consents from the parties who will
be affected by the modes of the distribution. In the absence of any agreement,
the parties will have to apply to the High Court with all relevant parties
joined for the High Court to exercise its civil jurisdiction to have the
matter resolved.

Maintenance for the Wife

80 Maintenance ordered pursuant to s 114(1) of the WC endeavours to place the
parties in the financial position in which they would have been if the
marriage had not broken down. The court’s power to order maintenance plays
only a supplementary role to its power to order a division of matrimonial
assets, and the court will take into account a wife’s share of the matrimonial
assets upon division when assessing the appropriate quantum of maintenance to
be ordered: ATE v ATD and another appeal [2016] SGCA 2 at [31]–[33]. The Wife
sought a lump sum maintenance of $900,000.00, comprising monthly payment of
$15,000.00 over 60 months. The Husband submitted that she was not entitled to
any maintenance. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

JSRI-3 at p 4.

81 In TNL at [64], the Court of Appeal ordered the husband to pay the wife a
lump sum maintenance of $100,000.00, approximately the sum obtained using a
multiplier of three years and a multiplicand of $3,000.00. This was a long
single-income marriage of 35 years with three children to the marriage. The
wife was 57 years old and was entitled to $1,448,875.50 after division. The
Court of Appeal also considered that the husband had maintained the wife up
until mid-2015.

82 In the present case, the Wife’s share of the matrimonial assets is not
substantial. She has also been out of work since August 2013. I accept that
she has attempted to find employment but has had difficulties in doing so
despite the positive testimonial given by her former employer prior to her
employment at the Husband’s firm. The Husband has also been contributing
towards the fees and the mortgage loan for the 18G Property, which the Wife
will have to take over from the date of this judgment.

83 In my judgment, it is fair that the Wife should be given a sum of
maintenance to tide her over until she receives her full share of the
matrimonial assets and is able to resume gainful employment. I bear in mind
her age and the amount of time that she has spent out of employment, and grant
some allowance in that regard. However, I find that her estimation of her
monthly expenses is exaggerated. In the circumstances, I order the Husband to
pay the Wife monthly maintenance of $3,000.00 for a period of 18 months from
the date of this decision.

Conclusion

84 For the reasons above, I make the following orders:

(a) The Husband is to transfer $391,068.47 to the Wife within six months from
the date of this judgment.

(b) Maintenance for the Wife is ordered. The Husband is to pay $3,000.00 in
monthly maintenance to the Wife over a period of 18 months.

85 I encourage parties to agree on costs, failing which they are to file and
exchange submissions on the issue of costs (limited to 10 pages, excluding
exhibits and authorities) within 21 days from the date of this judgment.

Tan Puay Boon  
Judicial Commissioner

Sam Hui Min Lisa (Lisa Sam & Company) for the plaintiff;  
Alfred Dodwell and Ahnushka Kaur Riar (Dodwell & Co LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

