Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 185

Originating Summons No. 747 of 2017

Between

| BSM  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| BSN  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Originating Summons No. 748 of 2017

Between

| BSM  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| BSP  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Arbitration] — [award] — [UNCITRAL Model Law] —[Article 34(4)]

[Arbitration] — [award] — [recourse against award] — [setting aside] —[Article
34(2)(a)(ii)&(iv)]

[Arbitration] — [award] — [setting aside] — [breach of natural justice]
—[s24(b) International Arbitration Act (cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed)]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BSM

  

v

  

BSN and another matter

[2019] SGHC 185

High Court — Originating Summons No. 747 of 2017 and Originating Summons No.
748 of 2017  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
29 January, 25 June, 13 July, 14 November 2018; 8 February 2019

13 August 2019

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 The applicant, BSM, in both Originating Summons No 747/2017 (“OS 747”) and
Originating Summons No 748/2017 (“OS 748”), wanted to set aside two separate
but related arbitral awards produced on 19 May 2017 by a sole arbitrator (“the
Tribunal”). The first award, the BSP Award, was in favour of BSP, the
respondent in OS 748 who commenced arbitration proceedings against BSM in
Singapore on 20 April 2015 (“the BSP Arbitration”). The second award, the BSN
Award, was issued in favour of BSN, the respondent in OS 747 who commenced
arbitration proceedings against BSM in Singapore on the same date (“the BSN
Arbitration”). BSP and BSN are collectively referred to hereafter as “the
Companies”. The BSP Award and the BSN Award are collectively referred to
hereafter as the “Awards”.

2 In OS 747 and OS 748, BSM relied on two grounds to set aside the Awards:

(a) First, a breach of natural justice in the making of the Awards by which
BSM’s rights have been prejudiced under s 24(b) of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed)(“IAA”).

(b) Second, BSM was unable to present its case within the meaning of Art
34(2)(a)(ii) of the UNICITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration (“the Model Law”) as set out in the First Schedule of the IAA.

3 In respect of the BSP Award alone, there is an additional ground, namely,
the Tribunal’s failure to adhere to the arbitral procedure agreed by the
parties contrary to Art 34(2)(a)(iv) of the Model Law. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

BSM’s Written Submissions dated 22 January 2018, para 7.

The non-adherence to the agreed arbitral procedure relates to the
apportionment of the costs of arbitration pursuant to Article 13.4 of the
Equipment Purchase Contract.

4 Counsel for BSM, Mr Daniel Chia (“Mr Chia”), informed the court (and rightly
so) that he would be advancing BSM’s two strongest points at the hearing which
were the wasted costs and the limitation of liability issues. As Mr Chia
explained, if this court was not minded to set aside the Awards on his two
strongest points, there would be no advantage and, hence, little need to
proceed with the last three points in BSM’s written submissions, namely, on
the apportionment of arbitration costs, indemnity costs and legal costs.
Consequently, as foreshadowed, the Art 34(2)(a)(iv) ground relating to the
apportionment of the costs of the BSP Arbitration was not pursued.

5 On wasted costs, Mr Chia explained that, in the context of the instant case,
wasted costs were occasioned by the Companies’ last minute amendments to their
respective statements of claim that rendered prior work done by BSM to defend
the Companies’ initial case unnecessary. The complaint is that the Tribunal
did not deal with the issue of wasted costs raised before it in the Awards. On
the limitation of liability issue, Mr Chia said that the Tribunal did not cap
the damages awarded in accordance with the relevant contractual provisions.
For these two discreet complaints, BSM relied on s 24(b) of the IAA and Art
34(2)(a)(ii) of Model Law as the grounds to set aside the Awards.

6 As the relevant principles underlying the application of s 24(b) of the IAA
and Art 34(2)(a)(ii) and Art 34(2)(a)(iv) are settled, the approach here is to
elaborate, when necessary, on the applicable principles in the course of this
written decision. Suffice it to say for now that this court has to decide
whether the complaints are genuinely about the Tribunal’s failure to ensure
that essential issues are dealt with as opposed to a veiled complaint that the
Tribunal did not deal with every argument raised. As a matter of law, the
Tribunal is not obliged to deal with each point made by a party; what matters
is the resolution of an issue either expressly or implicitly (see for example
TMM Division Maritima SA de CV v Pacific Richfield Marine Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR
972 (“TMM Division”) at [72] and [77]). As in this case, the court has to also
consider whether the various arguments raised relate to the substantive merits
of the underlying dispute between the parties. This is an important
consideration because substantive merits are beyond the court’s remit,
especially, where a tribunal has made an error of law and/or fact.

Events leading to the commencement of arbitration proceedings and the issuance
of the Awards

7 On or about 20 June 2014, pursuant to the Equipment Purchase Contract
entered into between BSM and BSP, BSP delivered to BSM the third shipment of
the telecommunications equipment. On or about the same time and pursuant to
the Technical Service Contract entered into between BSM and BSN, BSN provided
to BSM technical services like testing and commissioning of the equipment
supplied. In July 2014, BSP invoiced BSM for the equipment sold with 11 August
2014 as the due date for payment. The invoiced amount was USD 7,995,096.93.
For the services rendered, BSN, in August 2014, invoiced BSM the sum of USD
1,953,065.15 with 18 August 2014 as the due date for payment. BSM did not
settle the invoices on the due dates or at all.

8 In the BSP Arbitration, BSP claimed that BSM had breached the Equipment
Purchase Contract by failing to make payment in the sum of USD 7,995,096.93
for the equipment it had delivered. In the BSN Arbitration, BSN claimed that
BSM had breached the Technical Service Contract by failing to make payment in
the sum of USD 1,953,065.15 for the services rendered under the said contract.
BSM in turn made several counterclaims against the Companies. BSM’s
counterclaims related to breach of confidentiality of the Equipment Purchase
Contract and the Technical Service Contract and for defamation. The
counterclaims are not the subject matter of the setting aside applications.

9 BSM as respondent in the arbitration proceedings denied the claims made by
BSP and BSN respectively. In brief, after the third shipment to BSM, issues
arose about the suitability of the equipment. BSM took the position that BSP
had not delivered the network equipment in accordance with the terms of the
Equipment Purchase Contract and that the network equipment had not passed the
final acceptance tests as prescribed under the Technical Services Contract.
The Equipment Purchase Contract and the Technical Services Contract are
collectively referred to hereafter as “the Contracts”.

10 One year after the commencement of the arbitration proceedings, on the
Saturday before the week of the oral hearing in May 2016, the Companies in
their written opening submissions brought up, for the first time, a claim for
repudiatory breach of contract. On the final day of the oral hearing, 27 May
2016, the Companies applied to the Tribunal for leave to amend their
respective statements of claim to introduce a claim for repudiatory breach.
The Tribunal granted the Companies leave to amend their earlier claims for
non-payment of invoices to a claim for damages for repudiatory breach of the
Contracts. The amendment also increased the amounts claimed. BSM was also
granted leave to amend its defence and counterclaim which it did. As a
consequence of this last minute amendments, BSM claimed that it should be
awarded costs thrown away which arose from its abandoned defence against the
Companies’ initial case of breach of contract (hereafter referred to as the
“Wasted Costs Issue”). At the end of the oral hearing, the Tribunal made the
order that the costs of these amendments be reserved.

11 In its amended defence in the BSP Arbitration, BSM stated that liability
for damages, if any, are limited by Articles 11.2.4 and 11.6 of the Equipment
Purchase Contract. In the amended defence in the BSN Arbitration, BSM relied
on the limitation of liability provision in Articles 9.1.6 of the Technical
Service Contract. The limitation of liability defences raised by BSP and BSN
respectively are collectively referred to hereafter as the “Limitation Issue”.

12 At the conclusion of the arbitration proceedings, the Tribunal found,
amongst other things, that the Companies’ respective claims for damages
arising from BSM’s repudiation of the respective contracts had been
established. In addition, the Tribunal did not limit the damages recoverable.
The Tribunal found for BSM on its counterclaims. On the issue of costs, the
Tribunal found in favour of the Companies for the main claim but also awarded
some costs to BSM for succeeding in its counterclaims and in defending the
Companies’ application challenging the Tribunal’s jurisdiction in relation to
BSM’s counterclaims.

13 The relevant aspects of the arbitrations will be discussed in greater
detail below when analysing the issues brought up in the setting aside
applications.

Wasted Costs Issue

14 As alluded to earlier, the debate on the Wasted Costs Issue was whether or
not the Tribunal having reserved costs on 27 May 2016 dealt with the issue of
the costs of the amendments in the Awards. It is clear from the transcripts of
the arbitral proceedings that the Tribunal was informed by BSM of the serious
costs consequences that would flow from BSM’s change of focus to argue a
repudiation case at the eleventh hour and from the applications to amend the
statements of claim made on 27 May 2016. BSM’s counsel, Mr C (name
anonymised), at the arbitration submitted that the Companies be ordered to pay
costs as a condition of the tribunal allowing the amendment. The Tribunal
allowed the application to amend but reserved costs: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcripts of BSP Arbitration dated 27 May 2016 at p 128.

Arbitrator: Shall we do it this way: if I give you leave and I then give you
liberty to file an amended defence and counterclaim, how much time would you
need for that?

…..

Mr C: Sir, you remember my earlier submission, that we would request that if
the amendment were to be allowed, there ought to be cost consequences, but I
appreciate you may have considered that already.

Arbitrator: Yes. What I will do, as far as that is concerned, is reserve
costs.

Did the Tribunal rule on the Wasted Costs Issue?

15 Mr Chia submitted that the Tribunal committed a breach of natural justice
in that it did not deal with the Wasted Costs Issue in the Awards. BSM had
submitted in its closing submissions to the Tribunal that due to the last
minute amendment by the Companies to amend their claim to that of a
repudiation case, “the vast majority of the time and money [BSM] invested into
its defence … were wasted both in terms of its preparation concerning the
factual case it was required to meet as well as the legal principles governing
those facts”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

BSM’s Closing Submissions in BSP Arbitration at para 227.

BSM then argued that it should be awarded wasted costs in any event,
regardless of the outcome of the case. In short, from its arguments, BSM was
seeking, in my view, costs of the application to amend and the costs thrown
away by reason of the amendments. As to the specific quantum, BSM subsumed its
claim for wasted costs with its overall submission on costs in the
arbitrations. In the setting aside applications, BSM put forward the sum of
S$498,465.90 for wasted costs.

16 Mr Lok Vi Ming SC (“Mr Lok”) who was counsel for the Companies in the
arbitrations and before this court, argued before the Tribunal that if the
Companies succeeded in the arbitrations, they should get the costs of the
application to amend the respective statements of claim. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

BSP’s Closing Submissions in BSP Arbitration at para 213.

Mr Lok’s reasoning was that the plea of repudiation did not change the
evidential aspect of either the damages claim or BSM’s defence. No new
evidence was adduced by either party in respect of the new case on
repudiation. Mr Lok reminded the Tribunal that it had permitted the amendments
only because both sides confirmed that they did not need to introduce
additional evidence or even recall witnesses. In the Companies’ Response
Closing Submissions, Mr Lok maintained that BSM should not be awarded wasted
costs in respect of the amendments to the statements of claim. And if the
Tribunal was minded to award costs, only minimal costs of not more than
$10,000 should be awarded to BSM. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

BSP’s Response Closing Submissions in BSP Arbitration at para 162.

17 The Tribunal recited the parties’ submissions on the Wasted Costs Issue at
paragraphs 14.3(a)(vii) and 14.8 in the BSP Award and paragraphs 14.2(a)(vii),
14.3(c) and 14.6 in BSN Award. Mr Lok argued in the present setting aside
applications that the Tribunal had good reasons for making the costs award:
(a) the Companies had succeeded in the bulk of the claims, and (b) that BSM
had claimed an excessive amount as costs thrown away. Mr Lok further argued
that “just because the [Tribunal] did not refer to the issue of costs thrown
away in his ‘Analysis and Decision’ section … [did] not mean that he did not
consider [BSM]’s arguments on this issue…”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Companies’ Written Submissions dated 22 January 2018 at paras 68 and 70.

18 Turning to the Tribunal’s analysis and decision, the Tribunal, amongst
other things, noted the parties’ agreement to apply the general principle in
Singapore-seated international arbitrations that costs follow the event. The
Tribunal in paragraph 14.12 referred to the Companies’ costs figure amounting
to S$434,066.97 which is the exact amount of costs that the Companies had
claimed. The figure does not include the sum of S$10,000 as costs of and
occasioned by the amendment that the Companies was prepared to pay if ordered.

19 From the face of the Awards, I accepted that the Tribunal in the costs
award had in mind only the main claim and counterclaim and, having ruled
largely in the Companies’ favour, applied the general principle of costs to
follow the event. In my view, costs reserved would encompass costs of the
application to amend and costs thrown away by reason of the amendments.
Accordingly, the Tribunal’s costs award did not cover the costs that were
reserved. Such an omission could be considered under Art 34(4) of the Model
Law and parties were invited to submit on this provision.

Art 34(4) of the Model Law

20 Article 34(4) of the Model Law provides as follows:

The court, when asked to set aside an award, may, where appropriate and so
requested by a party, suspend the setting aside proceedings for a period of
time determined by it in order to give the arbitral tribunal an opportunity to
resume the arbitral proceedings or to take such other action as in the
arbitral tribunal’s opinion will eliminate the grounds for setting aside.

21 On Art 34(4), Mr Lok and Mr Chia were in agreement that this court has the
jurisdiction, when so requested by a party, to suspend the setting aside
applications and remit the Wasted Costs Issue to the Tribunal to resume the
arbitration proceedings and “eliminate the grounds for setting aside”. When
the Tribunal had addressed this issue, the setting aside applications would
resume and this court would then decide on whether to allow the setting aside
of the Awards or dismiss the applications. As regards the remission on the
Waste Costs Issue, at the adjourned hearing, the Companies made the
application to suspend the hearing of the setting aside applications under the
Art 34(4). On 14 November 2018, the applications to set aside the Awards were
adjourned and the Wasted Costs Issue was remitted to the Tribunal.

22 For completeness, I will briefly refer to the legal principles and
mechanics of Art 34(4) in the context of a setting aside application. I begin
with the nature of the remission under Art 34(4). The Court of Appeal in AKN v
ALC [2016] 1 SLR 966 (“AKN v ALC”) held that a remission under Art 34(4) is an
alternative to setting aside (at [33]). As such, the court has no power to
remit an award after it had been set aside. Article 34(4) is a curative option
that is available in circumstances where the omission or defect in the award
may possibly be cured to avoid setting aside the award (at [34]). The UNCITRAL
Analytical Commentary on the Draft Text of a Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration (UN Doc A-CN 9-264) recorded the following in relation
to Art 34(4) of the Model Law:

Paragraph (4) envisages a procedure which is similar to the ‘remission’ known
in most common law jurisdictions, though in various forms. Although the
procedure is not known in all legal systems, it should prove useful in that it
enables the arbitral tribunal to cure a certain defect and, thereby, save the
award from being set aside by the Court.

Unlike in some common law jurisdictions, the procedure is not conceived as a
separate remedy but placed in the framework of setting aside proceedings. The
Court, where appropriate and so requested by a party, would invite the
arbitral tribunal, whose continuing mandate is thereby confirmed, to take
appropriate measures for eliminating a certain remediable defect which
constitutes a ground for setting aside under paragraph (2). Only if such
“remission” turns out to be futile at the end of the period of time determined
by the Court, during which recognition and enforcement may be suspended under
article 36(2), would the Court resume the setting aside proceedings and set
aside the award.

[Emphasis added]

23 The effect of remission is to confirm jurisdiction on the same tribunal in
order for it to consider the matter remitted. This discretionary power to
remit is not without limit. Firstly, a party would have to request the court
to suspend the hearing of the setting aside application. Secondly, the court
has to be satisfied that the circumstances of the case warrant a remission in
order to give the same tribunal an opportunity to take steps as may be
required to eliminate the grounds for setting aside (see AKN v ALC at [25]).
Thirdly, on the plain reading of Art 34(4), the court hearing the setting
aside application may remit discreet issues which constitutes a ground for
setting aside the arbitral award back to the same tribunal. JVL Agro
Industries Ltd v Agritrade International Pte Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 768 (“JVL Agro”)
is an example of a remission under Art 34(4) of Model Law. In JVL Agro, the
applicant argued that the arbitral tribunal had decided on a point that was
never advanced by the other party. Thus, the purpose of the remission to the
same tribunal was for the tribunal to consider whether it was necessary or
desirable to receive further evidence or submissions.

24 If a remission is made, the setting aside application would have to be
adjourned for a period of time to enable the same tribunal to take steps to
eliminate the ground for the setting aside application. The court would resume
the setting aside proceedings and decide whether to grant or dismiss the
application after the tribunal renders an additional award within the time
period stipulated by the court.

The Additional Awards

25 On 21 November 2018, Mr Lok notified the Tribunal in writing of the
remission made on 14 November 2018. On 23 November 2018, the Tribunal asked
for a copy of this court’s orders in relation to the remission. On 25 November
2018, Mr Lok explained to the Tribunal that the parties had not extracted the
order of court and instead provided the Tribunal with the background leading
to the remission.

26 The Tribunal issued two Additional Awards in January 2019. The Tribunal
first considered the parties’ respective submissions on the Wasted Costs Issue
and it then embarked on a detailed examination of the costs claimed by BSM.
The Tribunal provided a breakdown of the amendments made to BSM’s pleadings as
a result of the Companies’ last minute change to a repudiation case. The
Tribunal went on to consider whether the amendments were commensurate with the
amount of costs that BSM was claiming. Having examined BSM’s case in detail
against what transpired in the arbitral proceedings as a result of the
Companies’ amendments to the respective statements of claim, the Tribunal was
not persuaded by BSM’s submissions on the Wasted Costs Issue. The Tribunal
disagreed with BSM that “the vast majority of the time and money [BSM]
invested into its defence … were wasted, both in terms of its preparation
concerning the factual case it was required to meet as well as the legal
principle governing those acts.” The Tribunal found “no basis for awarding
[BSM] any of the costs it seeks as wasted costs” 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Additional Awards at para 2.13(b).

and applied the costs follow the event principle (a principle which is also
reflected in Article 13.4 of the Equipment Purchase Contract). It is apparent
from the Tribunal’s holdings that the Tribunal did not even think that BSM
should get any costs of amendment let alone costs thrown away.

27 The adjourned hearing of the setting aside applications was on 8 February
2019. In light of the Additional Awards, the Companies’ written submissions of
4 February 2019 urged this court to dismiss the applications to set aside on
the Wasted Costs Issue. On BSM’s earlier argument that “[h]ad the Tribunal
truly considered the issue of costs thrown away, he could not have awarded the
Companies the full costs it sought in respect of the repudiation claim…” 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

BSM’s Written Submissions dated 22 January 2018 at paragraph 91.

, the Tribunal in the Additional Award was clearly not persuaded by BSM’s
argument. BSM’s counsel had no further submissions to make on this matter on 8
February 2019.

Conclusion on the Wasted Costs Issue

28 I agreed with Mr Lok that BSM did not make out its case based on breach of
natural justice in relation to the Wasted Costs Issue. BSM’s concerns on the
Wasted Costs Issue had been remedied by the Tribunal in the Additional Awards.
Unfortunately for BSM, the Tribunal was not with BSM on the issue of costs
thrown away for the reasons given in the Additional Awards and it is beyond
this court’s remit to review the merits of the Tribunal’s decision.

Limitation Issue

29 The other material complaint on breach of s 24(b) of IAA and Art
34(2)(a)(ii) is related to the Tribunal’s findings on the Limitation Issue in
the Awards. BSM contended that the Tribunal did not properly address BSM’s
submissions for a variety of reasons such as having misunderstood BSM’s point
and thus wrongly concluded that there was a concession when there was none and
furthermore, the Tribunal ignored BSM’s other submissions. The contentions
described touch on and overlap aspects of the right to be heard as an aspect
of the rules of natural justice under s 24(b) of IAA and aspect of the right
to present a party’s case within the meaning of Art 34(2)(a)(ii) (see ADG v
ADI [2014] SGHC 73 at [118] and Government of the republic of Philippines v
Philippine International Air Terminals Co, Inc [2007] 1 SLR (R) 278 at [18]).
Thus, both limbs of the submissions are dealt with together here.

30 In the context of the grounds relied upon under s 24(b) and Art
34(2)(a)(ii), the Tribunal’s findings on the Limitation Issue raise several
duties of the Tribunal. As Chan Seng Onn J succinctly characterised the notion
of natural justice in TMM Division, the query here is whether there is: (a) a
duty not to look beyond submissions; (b) a duty to deal with every argument
presented; and (c) a duty to attempt to understand submissions. The scope and
extent of the alleged duties are discussed in TMM Division. Soh Beng Tee & Co
Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 sets out the extent
of when departure from the evidence and submissions before the arbitral
tribunal is said to have breached the requirements of natural justice. This
can happen if the arbitral tribunal decided a case on a ground not raised or
contemplated by the parties (see Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v SY Technology
Inc [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [30]). As Chan J observed in TMM Division, the more
surprising the decision and the arbitral tribunal’s reasoning, the more likely
it is that the arbitral tribunal has “crossed the permissible discretionary
decision-making into the forbidden territory of impermissible breach of
natural justice” (at [60]). Chan J, however, rightly pointed out at [65] that
if a premise that is not argued is one that flows reasonably from an argued
premise, the arbitral tribunal would be well within permissible territory in
that the arbitral tribunal would be inferring a related premise from one that
is place before it.

31 An arbitral tribunal is not obliged to deal with every argument presented.
In other words, the arbitral tribunal is not required to deal with each point
made by a party. As Chan J observed in TMM Division, what the arbitral
tribunal has to do is to ensure that the essential issues are dealt with (at
[73]). Continuing at [77], Chan J said that an issue need not be addressed
expressly in an award; it may be resolved impliedly. Furthermore, an issue may
be resolved without going through all the arguments and evidence.

32 Finally, on the question whether natural justice requires the arbitral
tribunal to attempt to understand the submissions, the inquiry is whether the
award in question reflects the fact that the arbitral tribunal had applied its
mind to the critical issues and arguments (AQU v AQV [2015] SGHC 26 at [30] –
[35]). If the arbitral tribunal had done that but got it wrong on the factual
findings and/or law, there is no recourse available. As Chan J remarked in TMM
Division (at [96]), the right to be heard cannot be elevated to a duty to
attempt to understand a party’s submissions.

The Tribunal’s findings in the BSP Award (OS 748)

33 BSM’s contention is that the Tribunal had “totally failed” to consider its
submissions that other clauses in the Equipment Purchase Contract supported
its interpretation of Article 11.6. In particular, BSM argued that the
Tribunal failed to consider its submissions that Article 4.9 of the Equipment
Purchase Contract supports its interpretation that Article 11.6 which limited
its liabilities survives the termination of the contract. As such, the damages
BSP can claim from BSM for repudiating the Equipment Purchase Contract is
contractually limited by Article 11.6. BSM also argued that the Tribunal
failed to consider its detailed submission on the law relating to how
limitation clauses would survive termination and the law of penalties.

34 By way of background, BSM argued in the BSP Arbitration that it could rely
on Articles 11.2.4 and 11.6 of the Equipment Purchase Contract to limit its
liability under the said contract. Article 11.2.4 of the Equipment Purchase
Contract provides:

If the buyer demands a return of goods because of the responsibilities of the
buyer, the buyer shall pay 3% (THREE PERCENT) of the value of the returned
goods to the seller as liquidated damages.

35 Article 11.6 of the Equipment Purchase Contract provides:

If liquidated damages stipulated in its contract cannot compensate for the
loss, the defaulting party shall take the liability for damage in accordance
with the law. In any event, the maximum total liquidated compensation paid by
one party to another is 10% (TEN PERCENT) of the contract value.

36 BSM said that as the buyer, it had demanded that the equipment delivered by
BSP in the third shipment be returned. This can be found at paragraphs 100B of
BSM’s Statement of Defence and Counterclaim (Re-amended 6 June 2016) whereby
it stated that 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

BSM’s 1st Affidavit in OS 748, Exhibit LV-3 at Tab 16.

The equipment which [BSP] had initially supplied to [BSM] has now been
returned to [BSP] pursuant to [BSM’’s] demand for the return of the goods. As
a consequence, Article 11, and in particular Article 11.2.4 of the Equipment
Purchase Contract applies in the event that it is determined that [BSM] has
breached the Equipment Purchase Contract (which is denied) …

[Emphasis added]

37 In BSP’s Statement of Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2),
BSP argued that BSM had never “demanded” the return of the equipment. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

BSM’s 1st Affidavit in OS 748, Exhibit LV-3 at Tab 17 para 19B(a).

In the parties’ respective closing submissions, BSP argued that BSM did not
elect to claim liquidated damages from BSM under Article 11.2.4. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

BSM’s 1st Affidavit in OS 748, Exhibit LV-3, Tab 18 para 89.

38 Given the parties’ respective arguments on Article 11.6, BSM’s contention
is that its liability was limited to only 10% of the contract value. It argued
that Article 11.6 would survive the termination of the contract. It cited the
House of Lords’ decision in Photo Production Ltd v Securicor Ltd [1980] 2 WLR
283 (“Photo Production”) in support of its proposition.

39 BSP, on the other hand, argued that Article 11.6 of the Equipment Purchase
Contract did not survive the termination of the contract. This argument was
premised on Article 15.4 of the Equipment Purchase Contract which dealt with
the issue of damages in the event the said contract was terminated. Article
15.4 of the Equipment Purchase Contract provides:

After this contract is altered or terminated, neither party needs to fulfil
the original contract. However, if one party suffers from losses due to
contract alteration or termination, except for liabilities that can be
relieved in accordance with law, the party who is responsible for the losses
shall compensate the other party for the losses.

40 From the parties’ arguments narrated in the BSP Award, it is clear that
both BSM and BSP had the opportunity to argue whether Article 11.2.4 and
Article 11.6 of the Equipment Purchase Contract were applicable in limiting
the damages recoverable from BSM.

41 Turning now to consider the Tribunal’s decision, the Tribunal first noted
the relevant provisions of the Equipment Purchase Contract at paragraphs 8.1
to 8.3 of the BSP Award. The Tribunal then reproduced the parties’ submissions
on the Limitation Issue in the BSP Arbitration at paragraphs 8.4 to 8.7 before
giving his decision and analysis at paragraphs 8.8 to 8.13.

42 On Article 11.2.4, the Tribunal made a factual finding that first, “[t]he
simple answer is that [BSM] has not so demanded. … [BSM’s] purported tender of
the Equipment in paragraph 100 of the [Statement of Defence and Counterclaim
(Re-amended 6 June 2016)] … constitutes no more than an offer to [BSP] to
collect the Equipment remaining in [a named country]”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

BSP Award at para 8.10(a).

The Tribunal then found that BSM could also not rely on Article 11.2.4 after
the Equipment Purchase Contract had been terminated. On this, the Tribunal
found that Article 11.2.4 did not survive the termination of the contract. To
further bolster this position, the Tribunal held that it was not possible to
read Article 11.2.4 in conjunction with Article 15.4 of the Equipment Purchase
Contract.

43 On Article 11.6 of the Equipment Purchase Contract, the Tribunal found that
it could not be read in conjunction with Article 15.4 and thus rejected the
position argued by BSM. The Tribunal came to this finding by interpreting the
words of the contract according to what was argued by the parties. Finally,
the Tribunal concluded that the quantum of damages claimed by BSP in the BSP
Arbitration was not contractually limited.

44 Plainly, from the narration above on the Limitation Issue in the BSP
Arbitration, both parties made arguments on the interpretation and application
of the articles in question and the Tribunal came to its findings after
considering the parties’ arguments.

45 There is no merit in BSM’s argument that there was a breach of natural
justice when the Tribunal made a finding that BSM’s tender for the return of
the equipment constituted an “offer”. BSM argued that there was a breach of
natural justice because BSM was not afforded the chance to argue against the
case that its tender was merely an “offer” as opposed to a “demand”. As shown
above, BSM made the positive case that it made a “demand” for the return of
the equipment while BSP argued that there was no such demand but there was an
agreement for such a return. On this matter, the Tribunal clearly found that
there was no such demand but merely an offer to be one that reasonably flowed
from the parties’ submissions. Furthermore, the Tribunal gave cogent reasons
and explanation for this decision. Insofar as BSM was arguing that the
Tribunal should only be confined to a binary finding of the existence or non-
existence of a “demand” and no other, such an argument impermissibly invites
the court to review merits of the decision. It is of course trite law that the
court will not review the merits since mistake of fact or law made by the
Tribunal is not a ground to set aside an award. There is therefore no recourse
for BSM even if this court disagrees with the Tribunal’s reasoning.

46 Finally, there is no basis for BSM’s argument that the Tribunal failed to
consider the decision of Photo Production which it cited in its submissions
and if the Tribunal had considered that authority, he would have come to a
different conclusion and its findings would make “commercial sense”. I found
this argument to be nothing more than a thinly veiled argument by BSM for this
court to consider the merits of the Tribunal’s decision. Furthermore, just
because the Tribunal did not cite BSM’s legal authority in his final award
does not mean that the Tribunal did not consider BSM’s arguments. The crux of
the matter was whether the Tribunal had considered the parties’ arguments and
made a finding that a reasonable litigant could have foreseen. Here, the
Tribunal, in my view, had clearly done so and there was no breach of natural
justice.

The Tribunal’s findings in the BSN Award (OS 747)

47 In relation to the BSN Arbitration, BSM argued that there was a breach of
natural justice when the Tribunal found that Article 9.1.6 did not survive
termination of the Technical Service Contract and that the said article could
not be read in conjunction with Article 13.4 of the said contract. BSM argued
that the Tribunal had disregarded BSM’s submissions on Articles 9.1.6 and 13.4
of the Technical Service Contract and found in favour of BSN.

48 Articles 9.1.6 and 13.4 of the Technical Service Contract provide as
follows:

Article 9.1.6

If liquidated damages stipulated in this contract cannot compensate for the
loss, the defaulting party shall take the liability for damage in accordance
with the law. In any event, except liability for payment of the buyer, the
aggregate sum of liability for damage shall not exceed ten per cent (10%) of
the total sum of the contract.

Article 13.4

After the contract terminates, the buyer shall pay the undue payable amount to
the service provider in advance.

49 In the BSN Arbitration, BSM argued that Article 9.1.6 of the Technical
Service Contract operated to limit BSM’s liability. Similar to BSM’s arguments
on the Limitation Issue in the BSP Arbitration, BSM provided its argument on
the proper construction of Article 9.1.6 and cited the House of Lords’
decision in Photo Production in support of its proposition.

50 BSN on the other hand argued that Article 9.1.6 which appears under the
umbrella of Article 9 entitled “Liability for Breach of Contract and Claims”
would not limit liability to claims for damages arising from a repudiation of
the contract because it did not survive the termination of the contract.

51 Both sides therefore had the opportunity to argue whether and how Article
9.1.4 and Article 13.4 of the Technical Service Contract would apply in
limiting the damages recoverable from BSM.

52 Turning now to the Tribunal’s decision, the Tribunal considered the
Limitation Issue in Part VIII of the BSN Award. The Tribunal first reproduced
the relevant articles of the Technical Service Contract at paragraphs 8.1 to
8.3 and proceeded to reproduce the parties’ respective arguments in the
arbitration at paragraphs 8.4 to 8.5. The Tribunal’s decision and analysis is
at paragraphs 8.6 to 8.9.

53 On Article 9.1.6 and Article 13.4 of the Technical Service Contract, the
Tribunal at paragraph 8.7 of the BSN Award found that Article 9.1.6 would not
limit BSM’s liability.

54 The Tribunal stated:

(a) [i]t is clear from the heading to Article 9 of the Technical Service
Contract which refers to “Liability for Breach of Contract and Claims” and the
heading to Article 13 of the Technical Service Contract which refers to
“Transfer, Alteration and Termination of the Contract”, that these provisions
apply to entirely different factual scenarios: Article 9 of the Technical
Service Contract does not address any circumstance of termination or
discontinuation of the Technical Service Contract. It follows that Article 9
of the Technical Service Contract is based on the premise that the Technical
Service Contract continues to exist and is not terminated. Once the Technical
Service Contract is terminated, Article 13 of the Technical Service Contract
applies.

(b) as neither Article 9 of the Technical Service Contract nor, for that
matter, Article 9.1.6 of the Technical Service Contract, contain a reference
to Article 13.4 if the Technical Service Contract, it is evident that both
provisions are to be read separately from and independently of each other and
not in conjunction. Hence, Article 9.1.6 of the Technical Service Contract
cannot and does not apply in the event the Technical Service Contract is
terminated.

55 The Tribunal then held that “as only Article 13 of the Technical Service
Contract applies in the event the Technical Service Contract is terminated and
not Article 9.1.6 of the Technical Service Contract, [the Tribunal]
conclude[s] that [BSM’s] liability is not limited by Article 9.1.6 of the
Technical Service Contract in any manner whatsoever”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

BSM’s 1st Affidavit in OS 747, Exhibit LV-1 at para 8.8.

56 In summary, from the above narration of the BSN Arbitration, there is no
basis to set aside the BSN Award on ground of breach of natural justice under
s24(b) or under Art 34(2)(a)(ii). The Tribunal had clearly considered the
arguments raised by both parties on Article 9.1.6 and Article 13.4. Both
parties made arguments on the interpretation and application of these articles
and the Tribunal came to its decision after considering their submissions. The
Tribunal’s findings were one that a reasonable litigant in the shoes of BSM
and BSN could have foreseen and the conclusion reached by the Tribunal was a
conclusion that reasonably flowed from the parties’ arguments in relation to
the respective articles. Consequently, I rejected the Limitation Issue raised
in relation to the BSN Award. In any case, there is no recourse for BSM even
if this court disagrees with the Tribunal’s reasoning on the Limitation Issue.

Article 13.4 of the Equipment Purchase Contract on apportionment of costs

57 As mentioned in [3] and [4] above, the non-adherence to an agreed arbitral
procedure as a ground under Art 34(2)(a)(iv) of Model Law would not be pursued
given the outcomes above on the Wasted Costs Issue and the Limitation Issue.
Nevertheless, it is worth making the following comments to show that this
particular ground is also hopeless.

58 In OS 748, BSM argued that the Tribunal had breached the agreed arbitral
procedure when it departed from Article 13.4 of the Equipment Purchase
Contract by not awarding BSM a portion of the “costs of the arbitration”.

59 Generally, there must be a material breach of the agreed procedure serious
enough to justify the exercise of the court’s discretion to set aside an
award. This will often, though not invariably, require proof of actual
prejudice (i.e., where the procedural breach complained of could reasonably be
said to have altered the final outcome of the arbitral proceedings in some
meaningful way) (Coal & Oil v GHCL [2015] 3 SLR 154 at [51]).

60 Article 13.4 of the Equipment Purchase Contract provides as follows:

At the end of the arbitration process, the arbitration charges shall be
shouldered by the losing side. If both of the parties lose to some extent,
they shall shoulder the arbitration charges according to the corresponding
proportion, unless the arbitration result stipulates otherwise.

61 In the BSP Arbitration, BSM argued that subject to Article 13.4 of the
Equipment Purchase Contract, the Tribunal’s discretion to award costs in the
BSP Arbitration was unfettered. BSM then argued that the phrase “arbitration
charges” in Article 13.4 of the Equipment Purchase Contract referred to the
“costs of the arbitration” as described under Rule 31 of the SIAC Rules (5th
Edition, 1 April 2013) (“SIAC Rules”), and not to the parties’ legal and other
costs. Therefore, the phrase “arbitration charges” connotes the amounts
imposed by the SIAC as an institution for administering the arbitration, as
opposed to the professional fees of counsel and expert witnesses which are
incurred by each of the parties.

62 BSM argued that the Tribunal should generally accept the principle that the
successful party be awarded its reasonable costs. As to the costs of the
arbitration, BSM claims that BSP is liable to pay all the costs of the
arbitration including BSM’s share.

63 BSP on the other hand argued that the Tribunal has jurisdiction to
determine the costs of the arbitration and how these costs were to be
apportioned. BSP also argued that it is trite law that only reasonable costs
are recoverable.

64 The Tribunal addressed the issue of costs in Part XIV of the BSP Award. The
Tribunal first reproduced Article 13.4 of the Equipment Purchase Contract at
paragraph 14.1 before summarising the parties’ respective submissions on costs
at paragraphs 14.2 to 14.10. The Tribunal’s decision and analysis is at
paragraphs 14.11 to 14.20.

65 In relation to Article 13.4 of the Equipment Purchase Contract, the
Tribunal held that first, it was empowered and required under Rule 31.1 of the
SIAC Rules to specify in the final award the costs of the arbitration and
decide which parties shall bear these costs and in what proportion they shall
be borne by the parties. The Tribunal then noted Article 13.4 of the Equipment
Purchase Contract and held that this article was “in line with the general
principle in Singapore-seated international arbitrations that costs follow the
event”.

66 From the above, it is clear that the Tribunal did consider BSM’s arguments
on Article 13.4 of the Equipment Purchase Contract but ultimately disagreed
with BSM. The Tribunal took a wider reading of Article 13.4 of the Equipment
Purchase Contract and held that the article preserved its discretion to award
and apportion costs following the event. BSM’s insistence that as both parties
had lost to some extent and so the Tribunal should have apportioned the costs
of the arbitration between the parties instead of awarding them in BSP’s
favour, would have been an attempt by BSM to have this court consider the
merits of the Tribunal’s findings. This is impermissible as the same reasons
explained in this written decision.

67 BSM’s complaints that it was not afforded the opportunity to argue on
Article 13.4 of the Equipment Purchase Contract was contradictory to the facts
and are wholly unfounded. As explained above, BSM did make submission on this
issue.

68 Finally, BSM’s argument that the Tribunal’s findings were not within the
reasonable contemplation of the parties was misconstrued. BSM did highlight
Article 13.4 of the Equipment Purchase Contract in its Closing Submissions and
the parties did argue that the Tribunal’s discretion to award costs was
unfettered. As such, the Tribunal had taken a reading of Article 13.4 of the
Equipment Purchase Contract to be in line with its unfettered discretion. This
conclusion reasonably flowed from the parties’ arguments.

69 There was no basis for the contention that the Tribunal’s decision did not
follow the agreed arbitral procedure found in Article 13.4 of the Equipment
Purchase Contract. As Mr Lok pointed out, there was no failure on the part of
the Tribunal to abide by the agreed arbitral procedure, in particular to the
apportionment of costs in the BSP Arbitration as provided for under Article
13.4 of the Equipment Purchase Contract. Conclusion.

Conclusion

70 For all the reasons stated above, this court dismissed OS 747 and OS 748.
BSM was ordered to pay the Companies’ costs in the sum of $28,000, inclusive
of disbursements for both OS 747 and 748.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge

Mr Daniel Chia, Mr Leonard Chew and Mr Ker Yanguang (Morgan Lewis Stamford
LLC) for the applicant;  
Mr Lok Vi Ming S.C., Mr Joseph Lee, Mr Tang Jin Sheng and Ms Natalie Joy Huang
(LVM Law Chambers LLC) for the first Respondent.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

