Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 60

Suit No 930 of 2018  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 320 of 2018)

Between

Wen Wen Food Trading Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Food Republic Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Striking out]

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraudulent]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Parol evidence rule]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Rules of construction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wen Wen Food Trading Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Food Republic Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 60

High Court — Suit No 930 of 2018 (Registrar’s Appeal No 320 of 2018)  
Dedar Singh Gill JC  
17, 27 December 2018

7 March 2019

Dedar Singh Gill JC:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by the plaintiff, Wen Wen Food Trading Pte Ltd, against
the decision of the Assistant Registrar (“AR”) on 27 November 2018 to strike
out the plaintiff’s claim in its entirety pursuant to O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”).

2 I dismissed the plaintiff’s appeal. I now set out the full grounds for my
decision.

Facts

The parties

3 The plaintiff is a Singapore registered company incorporated on 6 May 2016.
1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ms Ruth Leong’s (“Ruth”) 1st Affidavit para 8, RL-1 pp 12-14.

Its principal business is the operation of food stalls. Ms Tan Elsie (“Elsie”)
is the sole shareholder and one of the directors of the plaintiff.

4 The defendant, Food Republic Pte Ltd, is a Singapore registered company and
operates food-courts.

The plaintiff’s case

5 Sometime in March 2014, Mr Alvin Ong Lye Hock (“Alvin”), the leasing manager
of the defendant, met with Elsie and Mr Tan Boon Kiau (“Tan”), her business
partner. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Elsie’s Affidavit para 5.

The defendant had successfully tendered to operate two food-courts located at
Shaw Centre and ION Orchard. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Elsie’s Affidavit para 6.

Elsie and Tan were approached to take up stall licenses at the food-courts.

6 The defendant was responsible for the renovation and refurbishment of these
food-courts and wanted prospective licensees to contribute towards the cost.
The contribution expected for the Shaw Centre and ION Orchard food-courts was
S$75,000.00/- and S$85,000.00/- respectively. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Elsie Affidavit para 7.

The plaintiff’s evidence was that to justify the request for contributions,
the defendant represented that the plaintiff could expect a six-year license
period at the food-courts. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Elsie’s Affidavit para 9.

7 Elsie and Tan accepted the defendant’s proposal at [6] and on 26 March 2014,
Tan signed a stall license booking form for the ION food-court (“booking
form”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Elsie’s Affidavit para 13, ET-1 p 11.

The booking form specified the license period to be “2 years”.

8 Separately, Elsie and Tan’s business partnership, Wen Wen F&B Management,
entered into a license agreement for the Shaw Centre food-court from 9 June
2014 to 8 June 2016. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Elsie’s Affidavit para 18.

This license agreement was novated to Elsie and Tan’s company, Mei Yan
Catering Pte Ltd (“MYCPL”), with effect from 1 November 2015. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Elsie’s Affidavit para 19, ET-1 pp 15-17.

Subsequently, the defendant and MYCPL entered into a second two-year agreement
from 1 April 2016 to 31 May 2018. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Elsie’s Affidavit para 21.

9 After Tan signed the booking form, there was a lapse of about two years
before the ION food-court was ready for occupation and operation. Upon the
completion of works, the defendant updated Elsie saying it was prepared to
grant a license on the terms and conditions as agreed in the booking form.
Having incorporated the plaintiff earlier that year, Elsie proposed the
license be granted to the plaintiff. The defendant agreed to this.

10 On 27 October 2016, parties signed the ION food-stall license agreement
(“License Agreement”), referencing the date of the booking form in the License
Agreement’s appendix. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Elsie’s Affidavit para 25, ET-1 p 61.

11 On 4 April 2018, the defendant sent a letter informing the plaintiff that
the License Agreement was set to expire on 31 May 2018 and the defendant would
not be renewing the same. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Ruth’s 1st Affidavit para 23, RL-4 p 77-78.

In a letter from its solicitors dated 24 May 2018, the plaintiff asserted that
there had been a wrongful repudiation of the License Agreement. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Ruth’s 1st Affidavit para 26, RL-5 pp 80-82.

12 The plaintiff’s action is based on an allegation of misrepresentation and
wrongful repudiation of the License Agreement. The plaintiff claimed that the
defendant made a specific representation that the plaintiff would be able to
operate in the defendant’s food-court for a period of at least six years. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) paras 5, 19; Elsie’s Affidavit para 9; Ruth’s 2nd
Affidavit, RL-9 pp 9-10.

The plaintiff then relied on this representation when entering into the
License Agreement. The plaintiff would not have contributed substantial sums
for the renovation and refurbishment of the ION Orchard food-court had it only
been promised a two-year license period. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Elsie’s Affidavit para 35.

The defendant’s case

13 In early 2014, Alvin had several discussions with Tan who had expressed
interest in operating stalls at the Shaw Centre and ION Orchard food-courts.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Alvin’s Affidavit paras 7-8.

Elsie was not present at any of these meetings and Alvin denies having ever
met her. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Alvin’s Affidavit paras 9, 12.

After agreeing on the terms of the license, Tan signed the booking form on 26
March 2014. No mention was made in the booking form of any right of renewal
upon the expiry of the two-year period. Tan did not inform the defendant that
the booking form had been signed on behalf of Elsie and/or the plaintiff. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Alvin’s Affidavit para 10.

Subsequently, the plaintiff and the defendant signed the License Agreement on
27 October 2016. The Appendix to the License Agreement stated that the license
period would be from “27 May 2016 to 31 May 2018 (2 years)”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Ruth’s 1st Affidavit para 16.

Under the section titled “Option to Renew”, it stated “NA” for “Not
Applicable”.

14 The defendant argued that it did not, at any stage, represent that the
license period would be for six years. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Alvin’s Affidavit paras 12-14.

It asserted that as a matter of practice, it does not sign license agreements
for terms of more than three years. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Alvin’s Affidavit para 15.

Further, the terms of the License Agreement, specifying a license period of
two years, was accepted by the plaintiff. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Ruth’s 1st Affidavit para 20.

There could not have been an operative representation and by extension, a
repudiatory breach by the defendant.

Decision of the AR

15 The defendant applied for the plaintiff’s action to be struck out. At the
first instance, parties appeared before the AR. The AR found that even if the
plaintiff could succeed in proving all the facts that it pleaded, it would not
be entitled to the remedy it prayed for. Given that the License Agreement
expressly provided for a two-year license period, the plaintiff could not have
been induced by any misrepresentation as to the duration of the license. The
AR therefore struck out the claim pursuant to O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules on
the ground that it was legally unsustainable and therefore “frivolous or
vexatious”.

Issue to be determined

16 The sole issue before me was whether the AR was correct in finding that the
plaintiff’s claim was “frivolous or vexatious”.

The law under O 18 r 19(1)(b)

17 The law on what amounts to a “frivolous or vexatious” pleading for the
purposes of O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules is well established. The action must
be obviously frivolous or vexatious or obviously unsustainable. The Court of
Appeal in The “Bunga Melati 5” [2012] 4 SLR 546 considered that a “plainly or
obviously” unsustainable action would be one which is either legally or
factually unsustainable (at [39]). The Court explained that to be legally or
factually unsustainable, it should be clear from the outset that:

(a) certain legal elements cannot be satisfied or there is an obvious legal
defence and consequently, the plaintiff would not be entitled to the remedy
sought; and/or

(b) the factual basis of the claim is fanciful and entirely without substance.

Application to the facts

Primacy of the License Agreement

18 The focus of the AR’s reasoning turned on the express wording in the
License Agreement. Therefore, even if the plaintiff were to succeed in proving
the existence of a representation by the defendant, it could not have been
induced by it. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Certified Transcript, 27 November 2018, p 5, lines 16-17.

19 The Court of Appeal in Broadley Construction Pte Ltd v Alacran Design Pte
Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 110 (“Broadley”) at [36] held that a plaintiff “would not
ordinarily be held to be induced by a misrepresentation if the express
contractual terms … contradict or correct the defendant’s misrepresentation”.
As the Court explained, parties are bound by the terms of the contracts they
sign, and must be taken to have actually read those contracts and discovered
the falsity of any earlier representations, and “[t]o hold otherwise would
undercut the basis of the conduct of commercial life” (at [36]). Applying the
reasoning in Broadley, the plaintiff would be bound by the wording of the
License Agreement.

20 I agreed with the AR’s finding that the plaintiff’s claim in
misrepresentation was legally unsustainable. The plaintiff could not have
relied on or been induced by a misrepresentation of a six-year license which
directly contradicted the two-year period specified in the contract.

21 In addition, the License Agreement contained an entire agreement clause in
cl 30.1 which provided: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Elsie’s Affidavit p 41.

The Stall Licensee acknowledges that this License Agreement contains the whole
agreement between the parties and it has not relied upon any oral or written
representation made to it by the Company, its employees or agents and has made
its own independent investigations into all matters relevant to this License
Agreement.

22 The Court of Appeal in Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor and others and
another appeal [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 (“Lee Chee Wei”), considered the extent to
which an entire agreement clause would preclude reliance on an oral collateral
contract. The Court examined the treatment of entire agreement clauses across
several jurisdictions and concluded (at [35]–[36]):

that an appropriately worded [clause] would be acknowledged and upheld if it
clearly purports to deprive any pre-contractual or collateral agreement of
legal effect… An entire agreement clause can therefore be… construed as
denuding a collateral warranty of legal effect … and/or by rendering
inadmissible extrinsic evidence which reveals terms inconsistent with those in
the written contract…

23 The language in cl 30.1 clearly identifies the License Agreement as the
only source of the parties’ rights and obligations and prevents the plaintiff
from contradicting the document with extrinsic evidence. It is therefore not
open, on this ground, for the plaintiff to argue that the license was for a
period of six years.

24 It follows from the above that the defendant did not wrongfully repudiate
the contract by choosing not to renew the plaintiff’s license upon its expiry.

The applicability of ss 93 and 94 of the Evidence Act

25 I also found that ss 93 and 94 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“EA”) were applicable in the present case. The application of these sections
achieves the same effect (ie, the finding that the plaintiff’s claim is
unsustainable) as the principles laid down in Broadley and Lee Chee Wei.

26 Sections 93 and 94 codify the common law parol evidence rule and provide
that evidence of any oral agreement or statement generally shall not be
admitted for the purpose of contradicting, varying, adding to, or subtracting
from the terms of a written contract. The relevant extracts of the provisions
are set out below:

93\. When the terms of a contract or of a grant or of any other disposition of
property have been reduced by or by consent of the parties to the form of a
document, and in all cases in which any matter is required by law to be
reduced to the form of a document, no evidence shall be given in proof of the
terms of such contract, grant or other disposition of property or of such
matter except the document itself, or secondary evidence of its contents in
cases in which secondary evidence is admissible under the provisions of this
Act.

94\. When the terms of any such contract, grant or other disposition of
property, or any matter required by law to be reduced to the form of a
document, have been proved according to section 93, no evidence of any oral
agreement or statement shall be admitted as between the parties to any such
instrument or their representatives in interest for the purpose of
contradicting, varying, adding to, or subtracting from its terms subject to
the following provisions:

(a) any fact may be proved which would invalidate any document or which would
entitle any person to any decree or order relating thereto; such as fraud,
intimidation, illegality, want of due execution, want of capacity in any
contracting party, the fact that it is wrongly dated, want or failure of
consideration, or mistake in fact or law;

…

(c) the existence of any separate oral agreement constituting a condition
precedent to the attaching of any obligation under any such contract, grant or
disposition of property, may be proved…

Common law exception to the parol evidence rule

27 The plaintiff submitted that there was a need to resort to extrinsic
evidence (ie, the defendant’s oral representation) to establish the “factual
matrix” surrounding the agreement, particularly given the scant detail in the
booking form. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s additional submissions (“PAS”) filed 21 December 2018, para 35.

It primarily relied on the decision of the High Court in China Insurance Co
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v Liberty Insurance Pte Ltd (formerly known as Liberty
Citystate Insurance Pte Ltd) [2005] 2 SLR(R) 509 (“China Insurance”). The
issue before the Court in China Insurance was whether the insurance policy
issued by the plaintiff covered the same subject matter and risks as the
policy issued by the defendant. In construing the documents, Andrew Phang Boon
Leong JC (as he then was) found that the common law exceptions to the parol
evidence rule remain applicable insofar as they are not inconsistent with the
provisions of the EA (at [41]). He held that even where contractual documents
are unambiguous, “any aid to construction which does not add to, vary or
contradict the relevant documents ought to be permitted” (at [51]). This might
include statements made in the course of negotiations which could amount to
separate or collateral contracts. On the facts, Phang JC held the affidavit
evidence to be admissible as it clarified the factual matrix and aided the
court in construing the scope of the insurance policies.

28 I found the present case to be distinguishable from China Insurance. It is
important to bear in mind that not every case of a contractual dispute
requires the factual matrix surrounding the agreement to be examined.
Ordinarily, parties are to be held bound by the agreements they enter into.
Otherwise, the sanctity of a written contract setting out the terms the
parties have agreed to will be severely undermined. The misrepresentation
alleged by the plaintiff conflicts with the terms as set out in the booking
form and License Agreement. There was also no option to renew the license
period. Any reference to extrinsic evidence would therefore “contradict” these
documents.

The exceptions under s 94 of the EA

29 I also found that none of the six exceptions under s 94 of the EA was
applicable in this case. The plaintiff namely relied on ss 94(a) and (c).
Dealing first with s 94(a), this proviso allows extrinsic evidence to prove
facts which “would invalidate any document” or entitle the plaintiff to a
“decree or order relating thereto”. I distil the following points from Sudipto
Sarkar & V. R. Manohar, Sarkar’s Law of Evidence: In India, Pakistan,
Bangladesh, Burma & Ceylon (Wadhwa and Company Nagpur, 16th Ed, 2007) at pp
1492, 1494:

(a) The rule in s 94 excluding parol evidence implies that the documents in
which the terms are written, are valid documents.

(b) The use of the words “such as” in s 94(a), indicates that the proviso is
illustrative and not exhaustive.

(c) The first part of s 94(a) lays down that “any fact may be proved which
would invalidate any document”. The facts which may be proved must either show
that the legal requisites for a valid agreement did not exist at all, that one
of the parties did not give his free consent to it or that the document does
not express what was really intended to be embodied.

(d) The second part of s 94(a) lays down that any fact may be proved that
would “entitle any person to any decree or order relating thereto”. This means
that where a party is entitled to a decree or order for rectification of any
written instrument, or rescission of contract, he is entitled to adduce oral
evidence of those facts which would entitle him to a decree or order giving
the relief.

(e) The distinction between the first part and the second part of s 94(a) is
that the former refers to facts which would wholly invalidate a written
document, whereas the latter refers to facts which necessitate some
rectification in the terms of the document to express the real intention of
the parties.

30 The plaintiff submitted that there was fraud on the part of the defendant.
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PAS, para 50.

However, it did not plead fraud or any other fact which would invalidate the
License Agreement or entitle it to a decree relating thereto in its Statement
of Claim (“SOC”). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s further submissions filed 14 December 2018, para 8.

Therefore, the argument founded on s 94(a) fails on the launch pad.

31 Under s 94(c), a separate oral agreement constituting a condition precedent
to the attaching of any obligation under a contract may be proved by means of
extrinsic evidence. A condition precedent is found where a written contract is
agreed “not [to] take effect until the fulfilment of [that] certain condition”
(Latham Scott v Credit Suisse First Boston [2000] 2 SLR(R) 30 at [19] (“Latham
Scott”)). To invoke s 94(c), the plaintiff would be required to demonstrate
that a license period of six years was a condition precedent to the License
Agreement.

32 It is trite law that a condition precedent cannot be implied in the face of
clear and express provisions to the contrary (Lee Chee Wei at [17]). Moreover,
the plaintiff did not plead in its SOC that there had been an oral agreement
constituting a condition precedent. Under the “Particulars of Breach”, it
confined its claim to representations made by the defendant which induced the
plaintiff to take up the contract. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOC, para 22.

More fundamentally, an oral agreement cannot be construed as a condition
precedent where “the written agreement [has] already become binding and [has]
been performed” (Latham Scott at [20]). It would be implausible to suggest
that there had been a condition precedent in this case when the License
Agreement had been performed in its entirety. As such, the plaintiff does not
meet the requirements of s 94(c).

33 On this analysis, the plaintiff’s affidavit evidence regarding the alleged
misrepresentation would be inadmissible and the plaintiff’s claim is liable to
be struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules for being factually
unsustainable.

Conclusion

34 For the foregoing reasons, I found the plaintiff’s claim to be legally and
factually unsustainable and dismissed the appeal.

35 I ordered costs to be paid by the plaintiff to the defendant, fixed at
$4,500.00, inclusive of disbursements.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judicial Commissioner

Tan Yew Seng Alfred (Alfred Tan & Co)  
for the plaintiff;  
Ho Seng Giap (He Chengye), Adly Rizal bin Said and Lee Koon Foong, Adam Hariz
(Tito Isaac & Co LLP)  
for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

