Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 192

Suit No 192 of 2018

Between

Lim Choo Eng

… Plaintiff

And

Koh Siew Eng

… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation Act]

[Restitution] — [Unjust enrichment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Choo Eng

  

v

  

Koh Siew Eng

[2019] SGHC 192

High Court — Suit No 192 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
27–30 May 2019; 8 August 2019

23 August 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 Mr Cheng Teck Hock, a taxi driver, died in a road traffic accident in 2012
when a Ferrari crashed into his taxi at the junction of Rochor Road and
Victoria Street. His widow, Lim Choo Eng (“Lim”), inherited some money from
his estate and she hoped to invest it for the sake of their children. Lim met
the defendant, Koh Siew Eng (“Koh”), through their sons, who were friends.
According to Lim, Koh made a series of misrepresentations to induce her into
paying $280,000 to invest in land in China. She now seeks the return of her
money.

2 Lim alleges that Koh represented to her that she (Koh) was a successful
investor who owned a chicken farm in China, and offered the opportunity for a
joint investment. As partners, they would acquire land in China to be
redeveloped and sold for profit. Koh also represented that they would go to
China together to inspect the land. Lim then transferred $50,000 to Koh within
four days of their first meeting as a deposit to secure the land.

3 Between March and August 2014, Lim transferred a total of $281,941.40 to Koh
and Koh’s sister, being $280,000 for the land and $1,941.40 for travel
expenses. On 23 August 2014, they flew to China where they met Lu Jinlin
(“Lu”), Koh’s acquaintance, who would lease the land from the village
committee. Although Lim had paid the full sum, Lim informed her that no lease
had been signed as the village committee had not been elected. Lu and Koh
assured Lim that she would acquire an interest in the land thereafter. Lu was
granted a 70-year lease of the land on 15 December 2014. Nothing much is known
about Lu through the documents or from cross-examination.

4 On 15 March 2015, Lu flew to Singapore and signed a document granting Lim a
70-year sublease over part of the land. Lim, Lim’s son, Koh and Lu were
present at the meeting, and Koh signed the sublease as a witness. Thereafter,
Lim did not receive any further information from Koh or Lu. She claims that it
was only in 2017 that she realised that Koh had not invested in the land
herself, and, believing she had been tricked, she initiated this suit.

5 Koh says that Lim was always aware that she was only an agent or
“mouthpiece” for Lu. She claims she merely facilitated the transaction and did
not make any representations about a joint investment. While she received
money from Lim, she transferred it to Lu and his family members between April
2014 and October 2016, and Lu granted Lim an interest in the land.

6 Mr Renganathan Shankar, counsel for Lim, submits that Koh was aware of Lim’s
finances due to the publicity around her husband’s death and orchestrated the
entire scheme. He submits that Lim is entitled to rescission or damages under
s 2 of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). He did
not plead fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation.

7 A claim under the Act is an action in contract (Trans-World (Aluminium) Ltd
v Cornelder China (Singapore) [2003] 3 SLR(R) 501 at [124]). The sublease was
a written contract between Lim and Lu, and Koh was not a party to that
contract. The existence of an oral contract between Lim and Koh was not
pleaded or raised at trial, but only in closing submissions. Lim’s claim under
the Act must therefore fail although I believe Lim’s testimony more than I do
Koh’s. I find Koh’s evidence to be less credible than Lim’s and the manner in
which the two women testified persuaded me that Lim was the honest one, but
her case is tied to what she had pleaded, and no attempt was made to amend it
appropriately even when asked at the end of the trial on 30 May 2019. All that
Mr Shankar did was to make irrelevant changes to show that “Lu” was the “third
party” mentioned at trial. This inconsequential amendment was made on 2 July
2019.

8 The written contract between Lim and Lu is highly suspect. At the time of
Lim’s visit to China, Lu declined to show her the land because of bad weather.
Unfortunately, not only did Mr Shankar not challenge the authenticity of the
lease or sublease, Lim did not assert her rights over the land and did not
check with the owners as to whether her sub-lease was recognised, and so the
legal effect of the documents remains uncertain. The sublease itself is vague
as it does not identify the consideration for the land or its location within
Lu’s plot. It prohibits Lim from subletting, transferring, or mortgaging the
land and gives Lu the right to operate and manage her share. A comparison with
the lease also reveals that Lu is making a tidy profit; for 1,200 acres, he
pays the village committee RMB2,045,000 over 70 years but receives
RMB1,350,000 upfront from Lim for 500 acres. In other words, Lim has a
leasehold over 42% of the land but paid 66% of the rent, and she paid upfront
as well. Lu admitted that Lim asked him about this discrepancy but he told her
that it did not concern her. Lu is not sued in this action even though it is
clear that he was recommended to Lim by Koh under questionable circumstances.
Lim had no intention of doing business with a man she did not know.

9 As for the joint investment promise, in a conversation recorded in mid-2017,
Koh admitted that at the time of Lim’s first payment of $50,000, she had
initially offered a “joint venture” and did not mention Lu’s involvement. Koh
admitted under cross-examination that she had introduced the investment to
Lim:

Q I put it to you that you told [Lim] that if she paid $50,000, she can chope
the land.

A You can put it that way.

Q Yes. I put it to you that you told her that if she paid $200,000, she will
receive the legal titles and ownership of the land for 25 to 30 years. …

A I believe I did.

10 The fund transfers reinforced Koh’s central role. Lim transferred the full
sum to Koh by August 2014 and the sublease was signed on 15 March 2015, but
Koh only transferred the full sum to Lu by October 2016. If in fact Koh was
just a mouthpiece, there would be no reason for Lu to grant Lim the sublease
when Koh still held on to at least $68,500. Of this sum, $60,000 was
transferred to Lu’s father in May 2015, but Koh held on to at least $8,500 for
more than a year after the sublease had been signed. Lu’s explanation is that
there are annual limits on the remittance of foreign currency to China, but
there was no evidence on this and the amount remitted did not appear to meet
the limit. Further, there is no evidence that Koh’s transfers were even
related to the land as the remittance slips stated they were for “household
purposes”, although Koh claims she wrote that on the advice of the bank clerk.
There was also no objective evidence of the final transfer of $16,500 that Koh
claims she passed to Lu in cash.

11 Lim testified that when the sublease was placed before her, she felt
pressured to sign it as she had already transferred the money to Koh but had
nothing in “black and white” to show for her investment. All this suggests
that the written contract between Lim and Lu was not the true contract.
Unfortunately, none of this was pleaded. Considering all the evidence, oral
and documentary, and the manner in which Lim told her story, I have no
difficulty believing her.

12 In Lim’s statement of claim, it was pleaded that by July 2014 Lim was aware
that the land would first be acquired by “an unknown third party” who would
transfer it to her. This was before she transferred $231,941.40 to Koh. A
claim for misrepresentation under the Act must fail if the alleged
misrepresentation was not made pursuant to a contract between the plaintiff
and the defendant. Although it seems to me that Lim appeared to have acted in
reliance on Koh’s representation, and might even have come to an agreement
with her, none of that was pleaded and the court cannot write their contract
for them.

13 Mr Shankar submits, alternatively, that Lim should be entitled to
restitution on the basis of money had and received or a total failure of
consideration. Money had and received is not a cause of action but is subsumed
within unjust enrichment (Benzline Auto Pte Ltd v Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd
[2018] 1 SLR 239 (“Benzline Auto”) at [16]). To succeed on an unjust
enrichment claim, the plaintiff must show that the defendant received a
benefit or enrichment (Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve [2013] 3 SLR
801 at [98]). Mr Shankar submits that there was monetary enrichment as Lim
transferred the money to Koh. However, Koh alleges that she transferred the
money to Lu. Although I am sceptical of Koh’s evidence, there is no evidence
to contradict her claim. Lim has not proved that Koh actually received any
financial benefit even though we do not know what Lu did with the money
thereafter, assuming that he did receive them.

14 Total failure of consideration is also not a freestanding claim but a
factor that renders benefit or enrichment unjust (Benzline Auto at [45] and
[46]). Mr Shankar submits that there was a total failure as Lim only obtained
a sublease and not title to the land, which remains undeveloped to date, and
Koh was not a joint investor. As the label suggests, total failure of
consideration requires total, not partial, failure (Benzline Auto at [53]).
Lim’s interest under the sublease is consistent with the basis of the
transaction.

15 In summary, Lim transferred her money to Koh under the impression that she
would be investing in a property development venture in China. Although Koh
produced some evidence suggesting that Lu granted Lim a sublease of a piece of
land for 70 years, the circumstances of the lease were suspiciously not
legitimate, but in the absence of challenge, worse, in seemingly accepting
that the transfer was legitimate, no court can rule otherwise than that Lim
had obtained a lease from Lu. No contract, oral or written, was pleaded
against Koh, and likewise, no court could thus order Koh to refund the money
to Lim. Accordingly, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim. I will hear arguments on
costs at a later date, but I do not think that the plaintiff should have to
bear any costs, including solicitor and client costs, in this action, and I
would like to hear from her counsel and the defendant’s counsel why I should
not order that the costs of this action be borne by the plaintiff’s counsel,
or his firm, and the defendant.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Renganathan Shankar and Anthia Tan Rou Zhuang (Gabriel Law Corporation) for
the plaintiff;  
Tang Jin Sheng, Tan Qin Lei and Joshua Tan Ming-En (LVM Law Chambers) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

