Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 173

Suit No 376 of 2019  
(Summons No 3470 of 2019)

Between

(1)| True Yoga Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| True Fitness (STC) Pte Ltd  
(3)| True Fitness Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And  
  

… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Judgments and orders] — [Sealing orders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
True Yoga Pte Ltd and others

  

v

  

Wee Ewe Seng Patrick John

[2019] SGHC 173

High Court — Suit No 376 of 2019 (Summons No 3470 of 2019)  
Choo Han Teck J  
24 July 2019

25 July 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This suit is an action by the plaintiffs against the defendant for breach of
fiduciary duties as a director. The plaintiffs are in the business of
operating exercise gyms to which members have access.

2 The plaintiffs are applying by this summons to seal the court papers in
respect of Summons No 3470 of 2019. That summons was an application by the
defendant to strike out the action in this suit in part on the ground that the
action was commenced without authority and that the solicitors, TSMP Law
Corporation, are not authorised to act for the plaintiffs. The application is
being heard by Assistant Registrar Lee Yuxian Jay (“AR Lee”) and has been
adjourned part-heard. It will resume on 7 August 2019. I will therefore have
no comment on that application save only on what may be relevant to dispose of
the application before me.

3 Mr Benjamin Niroshan Bala, counsel for the plaintiff, submitted that the
application to seal the court papers is made necessary by reason of an
existing order to seal the court papers relating to an action in Originating
Summons No 1007 of 2018 in which the first plaintiff obtained an injunction
against the defendant who had threatened to wind up the first plaintiff,
having served on it a statutory demand.

4 Mr Bala submitted that the papers in Summons No 3470 of 2019 must be
similarly sealed because it made reference to Originating Summons 1007 of
2018. Mr V K Rai, counsel for the defendant, submitted that Summons 3470 of
2019 is ongoing and this application should be adjourned if not dismissed. His
argument is that should the defendant succeed, Mr Bala would have no standing
to make this application at all.

5 Our judicial system is an open and transparent one. Court proceedings are
open to the public save where the court is hearing in chambers or when it has
directed that the trial or part of it be heard in camera. When it so orders,
it has to be made pursuant to legislative provisions and for strong reasons.

6 In the case of proceedings in chambers, only counsel for the parties are
allowed to be present unless the court grants leave to allow others to attend.
The reason is that these are usually interlocutory matters and the public are
not precluded when the trial proper begins. In the case of an originating
summons, it was in its early form heard in open court. It is now largely heard
in chambers unless the court directs that it be heard in open court.

7 In any event, court papers when filed are open to searches by the public
because related parties or parties with related interests may wish to know the
nature and outcome of the litigation. The court will only order the papers to
be sealed when there are strong reasons in the public interest to do so. In
recent times, the court may be more attentive to mischief by reason of the
ubiquitous presence of social media, but this still falls under the purview of
the public interest.

8 In the present case, the plaintiffs’ application before me is two steps
removed. First, in the case of the sealing order under Originating Summons No
1007 of 2018, no reasons are given as to why the papers were ordered to be
sealed. As I mentioned, the court will order the papers to be sealed only in
the public interest. In any event, the injunction application against the
filing of a winding up application has been dealt with. There is no threat of
that for the time being. There is no obvious public interest in preventing
disclosure of the injunction order against a party applying to wind up a
company in itself. Second, the fact that that application has been referred to
in the summons before AR Lee in itself is no reason why the papers should be
sealed. The parties can apply before AR Lee to redact the relevant parts if
they can satisfy him that they should be redacted in the public interest.

9 I therefore dismiss this application to seal the papers in Summons No 3470
of 2019. I will fix costs if parties are unable to agree costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Benjamin Niroshan Bala (TSMP Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Rai Vijay Kumar (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

