Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2019] SGHC 52

Originating Summons No 842 of 2018

Between

| Debotosh Lodh  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Boustead Services Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Controls & Electrics Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Injunction] – [Purposes for grant] – [Protection of contractual rights]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Debotosh Lodh

  
v

  

Boustead Services Pte Ltd and another

[2019] SGHC 52

High Court — Originating Summons No 842 of 2018  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
1 August 2018

18 March 2019

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff brings these proceedings to restrain a threatened breach of
contract. The plaintiff is a shareholder of and a director of the second
defendant. The plaintiff’s case is that he has an express contractual right to
hold office as a director of the second defendant so long as he remains a
shareholder of the second defendant. I shall refer to that alleged right as
the “directorship right”. In these proceedings, the plaintiff seeks a final
injunction against the defendants to prevent his removal as a director in
breach of the directorship right.

2 Together with the originating summons which commenced these proceedings, the
plaintiff filed an application seeking an urgent interlocutory injunction 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

HC/SUM 3173/2018 on 18 July 2018.

to restrain his removal until his application for final relief had been
determined. He sought the interlocutory injunction to forestall his removal at
an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) of the second defendant which was
then imminent. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 28.

When the application for the interlocutory injunction came up for hearing, the
defendants quite sensibly agreed to postpone taking any steps to remove the
plaintiff as a director of the second defendant until the plaintiff’s
application for final relief had been determined. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Certified transcript of 18 July 2018; the plaintiff’s written submissions
dated 30 July 2018, paragraph 13.

3 I have found that the directorship right does not exist and, accordingly,
have dismissed the plaintiff’s application with costs. The plaintiff has
appealed. I now set out the grounds for my decision.

The background facts

The parties

4 The first defendant is an engineering company. It is also the majority
shareholder of the second defendant. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraph 12.

The second defendant runs a highly-profitable subset of the first defendant’s
engineering business installing, distributing, selling, and marketing control
systems such as instrumentation, automation and fire and gas detection
systems. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraph 7.

5 Both defendants are members of the Boustead group of companies. The ultimate
holding company of the group is a listed company, Boustead Singapore Ltd. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of Kok Wui Hoong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraph 1.

The group’s Chairman and Group Chief Executive Officer is Mr Wong Fong Fui
(“Mr Wong”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 18.

Mr Wong is also the single largest deemed shareholder of Boustead Singapore
Ltd. The group’s Chief Financial Officer until January 2018 was Mr Loh Kai
Keong (“Mr Loh”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraph 1.

Both men are directors of both defendants. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraphs 1, 13.

6 The plaintiff is a senior and long-standing employee of the Boustead group.
He is also one of the minority shareholders of the second defendant and one of
its five directors. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraphs 12 to 13.

7 The plaintiff was employed by the group in one capacity or another from 1987
to 2017. The plaintiff began his relationship with the group when the first
defendant employed him to manage its controls division in 1987. He later took
over management of the first defendant’s electric motors division. The
division was subsequently renamed the controls & electrics (“C&E”) division 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 4.

and hived off to the second defendant. From 2002 until 2015, the plaintiff was
the second defendant’s managing director. From 2015 until he retired in 2017,
the plaintiff was the second defendant’s Executive Chairman. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 19;
affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraph 41.

Transfer of the first defendant’s business division

8 In 1998, the plaintiff and three other members of the senior management team
of the C&E division (“the management team”) proposed a management buyout of
the division to the Boustead group. The three other members of the management
team are Mr VRM Sundaram, Mr Prasun Chakraborty, and Mr Raghavan Nair
Gopakumar. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraph 10.

It can be inferred that the reason for the proposal was to enable the
management team to acquire for themselves the entire benefit of profits which
they generated for the Boustead group by their skill and effort.

9 Eventually, in or about 2001, the parties reached an in-principle agreement
under which the management team would be allocated 40% of the profits of the
C&E division, with the Boustead group retaining the remaining 60%. Under this
proposal, the first defendant was to transfer the entire business of the C&E
division to a new legal entity. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraphs 4 to 5;
affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraph 9.

The intention was that the first defendant would own 60% of the new entity and
the management team would own the remaining 40%.

10 In 2002, the first defendant nominated the second defendant to be the legal
entity to be the transferee of the C&E division. At that time, the second
defendant was a wholly-owned subsidiary of the first defendant. On 1 April
2002, the first defendant transferred the entire business of its C&E division
to the second defendant. At the same time, the employment contracts of the
management team were also transferred to the second defendant. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 21, Recital (B).

11 When the transfer took place on 1 April 2002, the management team acquired
no shares in the second defendant. That is because, at that time, there was
only an informal, in-principle agreement as to how the management team would
participate in the profits of the C&E division after the transfer.

12 Despite this, at the same time as the transfer, four things happened.
First, the plaintiff and Mr Chakraborty were appointed directors of the second
defendant. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 136.

Second, the plaintiff was appointed the second defendant’s managing director.
Third, the management team paid the first defendant the sum of $200,000 as a
deposit against the price of the shares in the second defendant which the
first defendant intended to transfer to them, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 23, cl 2.1.2.

with the balance to be paid when the actual transfer took place. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 23, cl 2.1.1.

And finally, the parties agreed that, even though the management team held no
shares in the second defendant at that time, the team’s entitlement to 40% of
the second defendant’s profits would take effect from 1 April 2002. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 23, cl 3.1.1.

The parties formalise their relationship

13 From 1 April 2002 and into 2003, the first defendant and the management
team continued to negotiate the terms of the team’s participation in the
second defendant. In March 2003, the terms were agreed. A formal agreement was
signed on 21 April 2003 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 21.

by the first defendant, the second defendant, and each member of the
management team.

14 The plaintiff refers to the 21 April 2003 agreement as a joint venture
agreement 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 7.

and characterises the parties’ relationship as that of joint venturers. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 7.

The defendants deny that the parties were ever joint venturers 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraph 9.

and characterises the agreement simply as a shareholders’ agreement. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraph 9.

The labels are not important. I will refer to the agreement simply and
neutrally as “the Agreement”, as the defendants do. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 21.

And I shall refer to the parties’ relationship simply as a collaboration.

15 It was only upon completion under the Agreement in April 2003 that the
management team acquired 40% of the shares in the second defendant from the
first defendant at a price of $400,000. After taking into account the part-
payment of $200,000 made in 2002, that left a further $200,000 which the
management team was obliged to pay the first defendant in April 2003. The team
duly did so.

16 Thus, the management team acquired 40% of the second defendant at total
price of $400,000. Under the terms of the Agreement, that 40% of the second
defendant was allocated to the management team in the following proportions:
(i) the plaintiff acquired 25% of the second defendant; (ii) Mr Sundaram
acquired 6%; (iii) Mr Chakraborty acquired 6%; and (iv) Mr Gopakumar acquired
3%. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraphs 9 to 11; first
affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 24, cl 4.1.1.

17 As shareholders of the second defendant, the management team became
entitled to participate in the second defendant’s profits from the date they
acquired their shares. But, as agreed in 2002 (see [11] above), the Agreement
records expressly that the management team’s entitlement to 40% of the second
defendant’s profits had taken effect on 1 April 2002. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 4; page 23,
cl 3.1.1.

18 The Agreement provides expressly that the second defendant’s board is to
comprise five directors, with three directors nominated by the first defendant
and two directors drawn from the management team. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 24, cl 4.

The Agreement names Mr Wong as one of the three directors nominated by the
first defendant. It also names the plaintiff and Mr Chakraborty as the two
directors to be drawn from the management team. In addition, the Agreement
expressly provides that the plaintiff is to hold office as the second
defendant’s managing director.

19 Giving effect to these provisions of the Agreement did not require any
changes to the second defendant’s board. The plaintiff and Mr Chakraborty had
already been appointed directors on 1 April 2002. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, pages 136 to 137.

The evidence also shows that they have held these positions uninterrupted from
1 April 2002 to the date of these proceedings. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 31.

And Mr Wong had been a director of the second defendant even before 1 April
2002.

20 One of the matters which the Agreement expressly envisaged was that the
second defendant would incorporate a subsidiary in India to carry on the
controls business there. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 28, cl 14.

The second defendant eventually did establish this subsidiary and eventually
did expand its controls business to India. The status of the Indian subsidiary
has become a bone of contention between the parties.

The share sale agreement

21 In 2006, the parties to the Agreement entered into a share sale agreement
(“the SSA”). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 37, page 40, cl
6.1.

The SSA was meant to restructure the second defendant’s shareholding for tax
and accounting purposes. It was not the purpose of the SSA to alter the terms
of the parties’ collaboration underlying the Agreement.

22 Under the SSA, the management team collectively transferred 300,000 shares
in the second defendant, representing 18.75% of its shares, back to the first
defendant in exchange for a payment of just over $465,000. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 44.

As a result of the transfer: (i) the first defendant’s shareholding in the
second defendant increased from 60% to 78.75%; (ii) the plaintiff’s
shareholding fell from 25% to 15.625%; (iii) Mr Chakraborty’s shareholding
fell to 3.75%; (iv) Mr Gopakumar’s shareholding fell to 1.875%; and (v) Mr
Sundaram sold all his shares back to the first defendant and exited entirely
as a shareholder of the second defendant, although he remained an employee. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, pages 137 to 138;
affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraph 12.

23 Because the SSA was not intended to have any effect on the parties’
collaboration underlying the Agreement, the management team (save for Mr
Sundaram) 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraph 10.

continued to be entitled to participate in the profits of the second defendant
based on their original shareholding, as though the SSA had never been entered
into. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 10; page 40,
cl 6.1.

So too each transferor (save for Mr Sundaram) had an option to buy back the
shares he had transferred to the first defendant at the very same price which
the first defendant had paid for the shares in 2006, ie regardless of any
subsequent appreciation in the value of the shares. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 39, cl 4.1.

24 Thus, for example, the plaintiff received $290,781 from the first defendant
under the SSA in exchange for a transfer of a 9.375% stake in the second
defendant. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 10.

Under the SSA, he had an option to repurchase that 9.375% stake at exactly the
same price, ie $290,781, which was exercisable before the second defendant
could deal otherwise with that shareholding. For that reason, I shall continue
to refer to the plaintiff as having a notional 25% shareholding in the second
defendant, even after the share transfers under the SSA were implemented. And
I shall also refer to the value of the plaintiff’s 25% shareholding without
taking into consideration his obligation to repay $290,781 to the first
defendant.

The succession plan

25 The plaintiff was due to retire from the second defendant’s employment on 1
April 2017, at or around the time he turned 70 years of age. It appears that
his retirement had been postponed from 2009, when he turned 62 years of age
and would otherwise have had to retire. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 59, paragraph 8.

In August 2014, Mr Wong Yu Loon and the plaintiff agreed to a succession plan
for the plaintiff. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 15; pages 79
to 90.

According to the plaintiff, the key features of the plan were as follows:

(a) From 1 October 2014, the first defendant would appoint a managing director
designate for the second defendant, to take over from the plaintiff as the
second defendant’s managing director from 1 April 2015.

(b) For the two-year period from 1 April 2015 to 31 March 2017, the plaintiff
would cease to be the second defendant’s managing director. Instead, he would
be employed under a new contract as the second defendant’s Executive Chairman.
He would no longer have day-to-day management responsibilities for the second
defendant. His pay and working hours were also to be reduced.

(c) The first defendant would purchase the plaintiff’s 25% shareholding in the
second defendant.

26 On the third element of the succession plan, the plaintiff’s evidence is
that it was agreed that the first defendant would buy the plaintiff’s shares
in the second defendant and it was understood that the first defendant would
do so before the plaintiff’s employment as its Executive Chairman came to an
end. The defendants deny that the third element was agreed in any sense. I
make no finding on any of the points relating to the third element, as that is
wholly irrelevant to the matter which I have to decide on this application.
But it is fair to say that the parties did agree to engage in negotiations
with a view to reaching terms for the first defendant’s purchase of the
plaintiff’s shares in the second defendant in anticipation of his employment
with the second defendant ceasing on 31 March 2017.

Implementing the succession plan

27 As agreed in the succession plan, on 1 October 2014, the plaintiff began
the six-month transition period. At the end of those six months, on 1 April
2015, the plaintiff retired as managing director of the second defendant. He
was given a two-year employment contract with the second defendant as its
Executive Chairman. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 15; pages 79
to 80.

28 Between 2014 and 2016, the plaintiff and Mr Wong discussed directly with
each other the value of the plaintiff’s 25% shareholding in the second
defendant. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 18.

The plaintiff’s evidence is that one of the methods of valuing his shares in
the second defendant which was discussed in August 2014 was a multiple of
earnings plus a share of the second defendant’s cash. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 18(a).

29 In September 2015, Mr Wong suggested valuing the plaintiff’s shares based
on the second defendant’s net tangible assets plus a 20% premium. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 18(a).

The plaintiff rejected that as being too low. He countered that a valuation
based on a multiple of earnings plus a share of cash had been discussed in
August 2014.

30 In April 2016, Mr Loh sent the plaintiff an email containing a valuation of
the second defendant on two bases: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 18(b).

(a) Net tangible assets plus a premium; and

(b) Five times the average of the past three years’ earning plus a share of
the defendant’s cash.

Mr Loh’s point was that both methods valued the second defendant at $20m,
implying a value of $5m for the plaintiff’s 25% shareholding. On 5 May 2016,
the plaintiff rejected Mr Loh’s offer on the basis that $20m was not a fair
valuation of the second defendant. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 18(b).

He noted that Mr Loh himself had expressed the view just a few months earlier
that a substantially higher figure of $35m was too low a valuation of the
second defendant. The plaintiff also made the point that Mr Loh’s figures had
not taken account of: (i) revenue which the second defendant had invoiced but
had not yet recognised; (ii) that the second defendant had over-provided in
the accounts for bad debts; and (iii) the true value of the second defendant’s
wholly-owned Indian subsidiary.

31 In February 2017, the first defendant put the plaintiff on notice that his
employment contract with the second defendant was due to come to an end on 31
March 2017. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 19.

On 31 March 2017, the plaintiff’s employment contract expired in accordance
with its terms. On and from 1 April 2017, the plaintiff ceased to be an
employee of the second defendant. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraph 41.

32 In 2017, the plaintiff and Mr Wong had three meetings to discuss the sale
of the plaintiff’s shares to the first defendant. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraphs 22 to 24.

(a) At a meeting in March 2017, the plaintiff’s figure was $7m and Mr Wong’s
figure was $5m. Mr Wong also agreed to finalise the acquisition of the
plaintiff’s shares by the end of April 2017.

(b) At a meeting in April 2017, Mr Wong brought with him a set of figures
which the plaintiff says were most likely prepared by Mr Loh. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 23.

Based on those figures, Mr Wong arrived at a figure of just under $5.7m for
the plaintiff’s shares. The plaintiff arrived at a figure of $6.5m.

(c) At their final meeting in July 2017. That meeting ended with Mr Wong
writing the following text in his own hand and with both the plaintiff and Mr
Wong signing it: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 94.

[The plaintiff] and [Mr Wong] both agree to settle the purchase of all [the
plaintiff’s] shareholdings in [the second defendant] for $6.00 m nett after
the deduction of $290,781 (for the purpose of another share buyback of 9%
approx.). Any dividend that have been declared earlier but not paid out will
be paid to [the plaintiff] by [the second defendant] including [profit-sharing
bonus] in lieu of dividend.

The plaintiff commences other proceedings

33 The plaintiff takes the position that, as a result of the document signed
at the meeting in July 2017, he has a binding contract with the first
defendant under which it is obliged to buy his 25% shareholding in the second
defendant at a price of $6m, subject only to the deduction of $290,781 due to
the first defendant under the SSA. He also takes the position that the
contract contains an implied term that the first defendant would conclude the
sale and purchase within a reasonable time after July 2017. The plaintiff
takes that reasonable time to be 30 days. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 24(e).

The first defendant takes the position that it is not obliged to purchase the
plaintiff’s shares in the second defendant as alleged or at all.

34 As a result, in February 2018, the plaintiff commenced an action against
the first defendant in Suit No 146 of 2018 (“S146”) seeking specific
performance of the July 2017 contract; alternatively, damages for breach of
contract. The first defendant’s defence in S146 is that: (i) the parties did
not enter into any contract in July 2017 because the figures proposed were
expressly subject to verification; alternatively (ii) even if they did enter
into a contract in July 2017, it was induced by misrepresentation by the
plaintiff. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 66, paragraph 19;
page 68, paragraphs 22 to 23.

35 In July 2018, the plaintiff and the first defendant attempted to resolve
their dispute in S146 through mediation. The mediation did not succeed. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 27.

S146 is now fixed to be tried in April 2019. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraph 26.

Attempt to remove the plaintiff as a director

36 On 5 July 2018, the second defendant issued a notice convening an EGM of
its shareholders to be held on 20 July 2018. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 28; pages 96
to 98.

The purpose of the EGM was to replace the plaintiff as a director of the
second defendant with Mr Gopakumar under Article 79 of its corporate
constitution.

37 Article 79, on its face, gives the second defendant’s members an
unqualified right to remove a director and to appoint another person in his
stead: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 127.

The company may by ordinary resolution remove any director before the
expiration of this period of office and may by an ordinary resolution appoint
another person in his stead …

38 The plaintiff takes the position that, notwithstanding the unqualified
right conferred on the first defendant under Article 79, it would be a breach
of the directorship right for the first defendant to vote in favour of
removing the plaintiff as a director of the second defendant because he
remains a shareholder of the second defendant. He also takes the position that
the directorship right prevails over anything to the contrary in the second
defendant’s corporate constitution. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraphs 31, 36;
page 256, paragraph 4.

39 As a result, the plaintiff characterises the first defendant’s attempt to
remove him as a director of the second defendant as nothing more than an
attempt: (i) to put pressure on him in connection with the sale of his shares
and his ongoing action in S146 against the first defendant; (ii) to prevent
him from having access to financial information about the second defendant
which is relevant to a valuation of his shares; and (iii) to stifle the
difficult questions which he has been asking of the first and second defendant
about the latter’s Indian subsidiary. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 33; the
plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, pages 12 to 18.

The defendants reject all of this as false and pure speculation. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraph 17.

40 The plaintiff also complains that the defendants are acting in concert to
keep him in the dark about the affairs of the second defendant. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, paragraph 34.

The defendants reject all of these allegations too. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraphs 21 to 38.

They assert that they have provided to him all of the information to which he
is entitled as a director and will continue to do so for as long as he remains
a director. They further say that they will provide to him all of the
information to which he is entitled as a shareholder for as long as he remains
a shareholder.

41 These allegations and counter-allegations illustrate the animosity and
mistrust which has poisoned a harmonious and successful working relationship
which endured for decades. But they are ultimately irrelevant to the issue
which I have to determine. That issue requires me to do no more than to
determine whether plaintiff has the directorship right which he claims.

The plaintiff commences these proceedings

42 On 9 July 2018, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the defendants’
solicitors in S146 putting the defendants on notice that the plaintiff viewed
the attempt to remove him at the then-imminent EGM as a breach of the
directorship right and asking them to confirm that the first defendant would
not vote at the EGM to remove him as a director. The defendants did not give
the confirmation.

43 As a result, on 10 July 2018, the plaintiff commenced these proceedings.

44 In these proceedings, the plaintiff seeks the following two heads of
relief: 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

HC/OS 842/2018.

(a) An order restraining the first defendant from voting at any general
meeting of the second defendant to remove the plaintiff as a director of the
second defendant so long as the plaintiff remains a shareholder of the second
defendant;

(b) Alternatively, an order that the defendants (in effect) treat the
plaintiff as though he were a director: by giving him the information,
furnishing him the documents and providing him the notices to which a director
is entitled, even if he were to be removed as a director at any time in the
future.

The plaintiff has withdrawn his alternative prayer for relief, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 43, lines 11 to 17.

leaving only his primary prayer for a permanent injunction to prevent the
second defendant from breaching the plaintiff’s directorship right.

45 The plaintiff’s primary prayer is, therefore, the only issue I have to
decide.

The issues to be determined

46 The plaintiff’s case on the directorship right proceeds in two steps. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraph 32.

The first step is that cl 4.1.3.2 of the Agreement on its true construction
confers upon him an express directorship right as a matter of contract. This
clause stipulates that the plaintiff and Mr Chakraborty are to be the two
members of the management team to be appointed directors of the second
defendant: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 24.

On Completion Date … [the first defendant] shall procure [the second
defendant] to … appoint 5 directors to its board comprising … two persons from
the Minority Shareholders, namely: [the plaintiff] and Prasun Chakraborty …

47 The second step of the plaintiff’s case is that cl 16.3 of the Agreement
permits the directorship right conferred by cl 4.1.3.2 to override Article 79
of the second defendant’s corporate constitution (see [36] above):

16\. GENERAL

…

16.3 In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this
Agreement and the Articles of Association of [the second defendant], the
provisions of this Agreement shall as between the parties prevail and the
Parties shall procure the passing of special resolutions for the amendment of
the Articles of Association of [the second defendant] to reflect the
provisions of this Agreement.

48 At this point, I note three important features of the plaintiff’s case
against the defendants.

49 First, the plaintiff rests the directorship right only on a contractual
right to hold office as a director so long as he remains a shareholder of the
second defendant. He does not allege that removing him as a director would be
oppressive to him within the meaning of s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”). Further, the plaintiff confirms that he does not pray in
aid any estoppel which might have arisen from the first defendant’s conduct
over the many years since the parties entered into the Agreement which
precludes the first defendant from now removing him as a director. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 13, lines 12 to 13.

50 Second, as a matter of contract, the plaintiff rests the directorship right
on an express term in the Agreement. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 18, lines 22 to 24.

As a result, the plaintiff does not allege that the directorship right is an
implied term of the Agreement. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 18, lines 25 to 27; page 19, line
25 to page 20, line 5.

Nor does he allege that the directorship right springs from an overarching
duty on the first defendant’s part to act towards the plaintiff in good faith,
whether arising by reason of an implied term to that effect in the Agreement
or, on the plaintiff’s case, as an implied aspect of the parties’ relationship
as joint venturers. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 10, lines 24 to 29.

51 Third, the plaintiff rests the directorship right only on cl 4.1.3.2 of the
Agreement. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraph 33.

The plaintiff does not suggest that the directorship right arises from any
other clause in the Agreement.

52 Because the plaintiff relies on – and only on – an express contractual
right arising from cl 4.1.3.2 of the Agreement, the only two issues I have to
determine in these proceedings are the following: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraph 32.

(a) Does cl 4.1.3.2 of the Agreement, on its proper construction, expressly
confer the directorship right on the plaintiff?

(b) If so, does cl 16.3 of the Agreement allow cl 4.1.3.2 to prevail over the
first defendant’s unqualified right to remove a director under Article 79 of
the second defendant’s corporate constitution?

53 I now consider these two issues in turn.

The first issue

The law

54 The chief difficulty which the plaintiff faces on the first issue is that
there is no provision of the Agreement which confers the directorship right
upon the plaintiff in terms. Instead, the plaintiff attempts to draw out the
directorship right as an express term of the Agreement through what is said to
be a contextual construction of cl 4.1.3.2.

55 The first issue therefore turns on the contextual construction of cl
4.1.3.2 of the Agreement. The parties are on common ground when it comes to
the principles I am to apply in carrying out the contextual construction.
Those principles can be summarised as follows:

(a) Contracts are to be construed by applying the contextual approach. That
approach places the court “in the best possible position to ascertain the
parties’ objective intentions by interpreting the expressions used by the
parties in the relevant instrument in their proper context” (Sembcorp Marine
Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193
(“Sembcorp Marine”) at [72]).

(b) The contextual approach is neither a licence to admit all manner of
extrinsic evidence nor a licence to rewrite the terms of a contract based on
the subjective intentions of the parties (Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd v Soup
Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway
Point) Pte Ltd) [2015] 5 SLR 1187 (“Soup Restaurant”) at [32]; Sembcorp Marine
at [72]).

(c) Thus, even under the contextual approach, the text of a contract ought
always to be the “first port of call for the court” (Soup Restaurant at [32]).
That places a limit on what the court can do when interpreting a contract
because “absent the text, the contract cannot be constructed out of context
alone” (Yap Son On v Ding Pei Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 (“Yap Son On”) at [39]
citing Lucky Realty Co Pte Ltd v HSBC Trustee (Singapore) Ltd [2016] 1 SLR
1069 at [2]).

(d) It is always the case, even when construing a contract contextually, that
the “meaning imputed by the court [must] be one which ‘the words are
reasonably adequate to convey’” (Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold
Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich
Insurance”) at [122] citing Citicorp Investment Bank (Singapore) Ltd v Wee Ah
Kee [1997] 2 SLR(R) 1 at [63]).

(e) Ambiguity, absurdity or the existence of an alternative technical meaning
to a contractual provision are not prerequisites for extrinsic evidence to be
admissible (Zurich Insurance at [114] and [130]);

(f) There are two broad steps to the contextual approach (Zurich Insurance at
[124]; Yap Son On at [28]). First, the court has to consider whether the
extrinsic evidence sought to be adduced in aid of interpretation is
admissible. Second, the court interprets the contract, taking into account the
admissible evidence;

(g) Extrinsic material is admissible if it is relevant, reasonably available
to all the contracting parties and relates to a clear or obvious context
(Zurich Insurance at [125] and [128]–[132]; Yap Son On at [42]);

(h) The nature, particulars and effect of the extrinsic evidence sought to be
relied on must be pleaded with specificity (Sembcorp Marine at [73]; Yap Son
On at [46]);

(i) Where extrinsic evidence is in the form of subsequent conduct, such
evidence is likely to be inadmissible for non-compliance with the above
requirements even though there is no absolute prohibition against its
admissibility (Zurich Insurance at [132(d)]; Soup Restaurant at [39]).

56 I make two general points on these statements of general principle. First,
other than the subsequent conduct of the parties, the plaintiff does not rely
for his argument on the proper construction on cl 4.1.3.2 on evidence
extrinsic to the contract. The bulk of the plaintiff’s case on construction is
built upon indicators as to the meaning of cl 4.1.3.2 to be gleaned from the
other terms of the contract itself. Second, because the plaintiff commenced
these proceedings by originating summons, there are no pleadings to speak of,
only affidavits.

Analysis of cl 4

57 Applying these principles, the plaintiff argues that cl 4.1.3.2, properly
construed, expressly confers upon him the directorship right, ie a right to
hold office as a director of the second defendant so long as he remains a
shareholder of the second defendant. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 8, lines 8 to 13.

The plaintiff does, however, accept that cl 4.1.3.2 is capable of bearing
another construction. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 7, lines 11 to 17.

The other construction – and the one which the defendants rely on – is that cl
4.1.3.2 sets out a one-off obligation to be performed only upon completion. On
that construction, cl 4.1.3.2 confers upon the plaintiff only the right to be
appointed a director of the second defendant upon completion. It says nothing
about the future. In in particular, it says nothing about whether the
plaintiff has a right continuing into the future to hold office as a director
so long as he remains a shareholder of the second defendant. Thus, the
defendants argue, his application must fail.

58 I reject the plaintiff’s submission on the proper construction of cl
4.1.3.2 and accept the defendants’ submission. For the reasons which follow, I
find it impossible to construe an express directorship right out of cl 4.1.3.2
of the Agreement, either when its words are interpreted alone or when its
effect is construed in context. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 59, lines 9 to 11.

59 My first port of call (echoing Soup Restaurant, see [55(c)] above) is the
wording of cl 4.1.3.2. To construe that wording, it is necessary reproduce cl
4 in full. It is only then that cl 4.1.3.2 can be construed in its proper
textual, contractual and commercial context: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

First affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 10 July 2018, page 24.

4\. COMPLETION

4.1 On Completion Date:

4.1.1 [The first defendant], having subscribed to 100% of the ordinary shares
in [the second defendant] for cash at par value, shall sell to the [management
team] ordinary shares for cash at par value so that the proportions of the
shareholding in [the second defendant] shall be:

[The first defendant] : 60%

[The plaintiff] : 25%

[Mr Chakraborty] : 6%

[Mr Sundaram] : 6%

[Mr Gopakumar] : 3%

\-------

100%

=====

4.1.2 Notwithstanding clause 4.1.1 above, the [management team] may, with the
consent of [the first defendant] purchase less than 40% of [the second
defendant]’s share capital, whereupon the Balance payable by the [management
team] shall be adjusted accordingly.

4.13 [The first defendant] shall procure [the second defendant] to:

4.1.3.1 increase the issued and paid up capital of [the second defendant] to
$1,000,000 divided into 1,000,000 shares of $1.00 each.

4.1.3.2 appoint 5 directors to its board comprising 3 persons nominated by
[the first defendant] namely: Wong Fong Fui, James Lim Jit Teng and Tong Weng
Leong and two persons from the [management team], namely: Debotosh Lodh (A)
and Prasun Chakraborty (B). Mr Debotosh Lodh shall be the Managing Director.

4.1.3.3 appoint a director nominated by [the first defendant] as the Chairman
of [the second defendant]. The Chairman shall have a casting vote at meetings.

4.1.3.4 open a current account with a Singapore bank.

4.1.3.5 In relation to the said bank account, it is hereby agreed that [the
first defendant] shall have the right to appoint 4 authorised signatories
under Group A and the [management team] shall be entitled to appoint 3
authorised signatories, one of whom shall be a Group A signatory.

4.1.3.6 Each of the parties hereto shall be entitled at any time and from time
to time to remove their appointees and appoint other persons in their place as
signatories.

4.1.3.7 Unless superseded by a later board resolution, the said bank account
shall be operated in the same manner as that of the C&E Business.

60 Clause 4.1.3.2 is one of the several provisions found in cl 4 of the
Agreement. Clause 4 bears the prominent heading “Completion”. Like all of the
headings in the agreement, this heading is entirely in capital letters. That
is an indicator, though perhaps not very weighty, of the importance which the
parties attached to the heading.

61 Immediately below cl 4’s heading appears cl 4.1 and its introductory words.
Clause 4.1 is then broken down into three principal limbs: cl 4.1.1, cl 4.1.2
and cl 4.1.3. After the third limb, there is no cl 4.2. Thus, cl 4.1
represents the entire textual and contractual content of cl 4. In other words,
all of cl 4 is subject to the introductory words of cl 4.1.

62 The introductory words to cl 4.1, and thus to cl 4 as a whole, read: “On
Completion Date”. “Completion Date” is defined in cl 1.1 of the Agreement as
21 April 2003, subject only to contrary agreement. There is no evidence of any
contrary agreement. The natural construction of cl 4, then, is that its
purpose is to govern “completion” (as stated in its heading) and to set out
the rights and obligations of the parties “On Completion Date” (as stated in
its introductory words).

63 The first limb of cl 4, ie cl 4.1.1, certainly fits in with that purpose.
That limb sets out the first defendant’s obligation upon completion to sell
its shares in the second defendant to the management team in the stipulated
percentages and at par value.

64 The second limb of cl 4, ie cl 4.1.2, also fits in with that purpose. That
limb gives the parties the power upon completion to relax the management
team’s obligation under cl 4.1.1 by permitting the team to acquire less than
40% of the second defendant, with the purchase price to be adjusted
accordingly.

65 The difficulty in this case is that the third limb of cl 4, ie cl 4.1.3,
does not fit in easily with that purpose. It cannot easily be said that, as a
matter of language, cl 4.1.3 sets out the parties’ rights upon completion. The
plaintiff relies on this point heavily to argue that, despite the references
to “completion” in the heading to cl 4 and in the introductory words of cl 4,
cl 4.1.3 is not intended to govern the parties’ rights upon completion alone,
but is also intended to and does govern the parties’ rights and obligations
post-completion.

66 The plaintiff points in particular to cl 4.1.3.6. That limb of cl 4.1.3
sets out the parties’ right post-completion to remove and replace the bank
signatories whom they nominated upon completion under cl 4.1.3.5. The parties’
right to remove signatories post-completion is clearly nothing to do with
their rights upon completion. This supports the plaintiff’s argument that cl
4.1.3 was intended to address both rights upon completion and rights post-
completion.

67 Thus, as the plaintiff correctly points out, cl 4.1.3 deals both with the
appointment of bank signatories upon completion and with the appointment of
directors upon completion. As the plaintiff also correctly points out, cl
4.1.3 expressly provides for the parties to have a right post-completion to
remove the bank signatories so appointed while making no equivalent express
provision for the parties to have a right post-completion to remove the
directors so appointed. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, pages 7 to 8.

Because of the absence of an equivalent express provision conferring a post-
completion right to remove the directors so appointed, the plaintiff argues
that cl 4.1.3.2 must be construed in context as expressly having excluded any
such right of removal. The plaintiff concedes, however, that his construction
cannot mean that he has a right to hold office as a director of the second
defendant in perpetuity. He accepts that the express right which he draws out
of cl 4.1.3.2 in this way continues only so long as he remains a shareholder
of the second defendant. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraph 40.

That is because the acquisition of those shares was the fundamental reason for
the parties entering into the Agreement the first place.

68 For the reasons which follow, I reject the plaintiff’s submission on the
significance of cl 4.1.3.6 in construing cl 4.1.3.2.

69 Clause 4.1.3.6 is the sixth limb out of the seven limbs of cl 4.1.3. The
plaintiff’s submission fails to give any weight to a critical distinction
between the first four limbs of cl 4.1.3 (ie cll 4.1.3.1 to 4.1.3.4) and the
last three limbs of that clause (ie cll 4.1.3.5 to 4.1.3.7).

70 The first four limbs of cl 4.1.3, just like cl 4.1.1 and 4.1.2, do
unambiguously set out the parties’ rights and obligations upon completion. If
the introductory words to the seven limbs cl 4.1.3 are derived by running
together the introductory words found in cl 4.1 and cl 4.1.3, the introduction
to the seven limbs of cl 4.1.3 read: “On Completion Date … [the first
defendant] shall procure [the second defendant] to …”. Thus, if the objective
of cl 4 is to deal with the parties’ rights upon completion, as I have found,
cl 4.1.3 deals as a subset of that objective with the state of affairs which
the first defendant is obliged to bring about upon completion by exercising
its control over the second defendant to that end.

71 This objective makes perfect sense for the first four limbs of cl 4.1.3.
Thus, each of those four limbs is a sentence fragment beginning with a verb in
lower case. Each of these four limbs neatly completes a sentence commencing
with the introductory words found in both cl 4.1 and in cl 4.1.3:

(a) Clause 4.1.3.1: Upon Completion Date, the first defendant shall procure
the second defendant to increase its paid up capital;

(b) Clause 4.1.3.2: Upon Completion Date, the first defendant shall procure
the second defendant to appoint the named persons to be directors of the
second defendant;

(c) Clause 4.1.3.3: Upon Completion Date, the first defendant shall procure
the second defendant to appoint a Chairman of the second defendant; and

(d) Clause 4.1.3.4: Upon Completion Date, the first defendant shall procure
the second defendant to open a current account.

72 Read this way, it is clear that each of the first four limbs of cl 4.1.3
specifies a one-off act which the first defendant is obliged to procure the
second defendant to carry out. And the introductory words make clear that the
first defendant is obliged to procure these acts upon completion. There is
nothing in the express language of these first four limbs which evinces an
intention by the parties that these limbs are to govern their rights for the
future, ie post-completion.

73 The last three limbs of cl 4.1.3 are quite different from the first four
limbs. The last three limbs do evince an intention by the parties to govern
their rights post-completion. But the last three limbs of cl 4.1.3 (cll
4.1.3.5 to 4.1.3.7) are significantly different in nature from the first four
limbs. The last three limbs do not specify an act which the first defendant is
obliged to procure the second defendant to carry out upon completion. The last
three limbs are not dependent in any way for their meaning on the combined
introductory words found in cl 4.1 and of cl 4.1.3. Indeed, the last three
limbs of cl 4.1.3 are not in any way drafted as sentence fragments capable of
being read together with those introductory words. Instead, each of these
three limbs is a complete sentence which stands alone, independent of all the
introductory words. That is why none of these three limbs begin mid-sentence
with a verb and are instead self-contained sentences beginning with a capital
letter.

74 As a result, it is quite impossible to read any of the last three limbs
together with the introductory words found in cl 4.1 and cl 4.1.3. Carrying
out the same exercise as in [69] above on these three limbs yields the
following nonsensical provisions:

4.1.3.5 On Completion Date … [the first defendant] shall procure [the second
defendant] to … In relation to the said bank account, it is hereby agreed that
[the first defendant] shall have the right to appoint 4 authorised signatories
under Group A and the [management team] shall be entitled to appoint 3
authorised signatories, one of whom shall be a Group A signatory.

4.1.3.6 On Completion Date … [the first defendant] shall procure [the second
defendant] to … Each of the parties hereto shall be entitled at any time and
from time to time to remove their appointees and appoint other persons in
their place as signatories.

4.1.3.7 On Completion Date … [the first defendant] shall procure [the second
defendant] to … Unless superseded by later board resolution, the said bank
account shall be the operated in the same manner as that of the C&E Business.

75 The textual and conceptual distinctions between cl 4.1.1, cl 4.1.2 and the
first four limbs of cl 4.1.3 on the one hand and the last three limbs of cl
4.1.3 on the other hand suggest to me that those last three limbs were
inserted at a time after the remainder of the Agreement had been drafted and,
in particular, after cl 4 had been drafted with the first four limbs of cl
4.1.3 in place. In contrast to the first four limbs, the sole purpose of the
last three limbs is to deal specifically and only with the post-completion
operation of the second defendant’s bank account. These three limbs were
inserted immediately below cl 4.1.3.4, no doubt, because cl 4.1.3.4 is the
very provision which obliges the first defendant to procure the second
defendant to open a bank account upon completion.

76 I do not consider that the drafting choice which the parties made by
inserting the textually and conceptually distinct last three limbs of cl 4.1.3
into that clause is capable of affecting in any way the clear and express
intent of the first four limbs to require the first defendant to procure the
second defendant to carry out certain acts upon completion.

77 In that sense, therefore, I do accept the plaintiff’s argument that the
last three limbs of cl 4.1.3 govern the parties’ rights and obligations post-
completion. But I do not consider that that difference of purpose provides any
relevant context to the proper construction of the first four limbs of cl
4.1.3 and, in particular, to the proper construction of cl 4.1.3.2. Reading cl
4.1.3.2 in the context provided by cl 4, it appears to me to be, prima facie,
a provision intended to deal with the first defendant’s obligations upon
completion and not post-completion.

78 I now consider the plaintiff’s arguments on other provisions in the
Agreement and on the available extrinsic evidence to see whether that casts
any further light on the proper construction of cl 4.1.3.2 in context.

The plaintiff’s arguments

Recital C

79 The plaintiff relies on Recital C to the Agreement:

The [management team] are desirous of participating as shareholders of [the
second defendant] with effect from 21 April 2003 (“the Completion Date”).

80 The plaintiff’s submission is that the context supplied by Recital C shows
that the management team’s desire to participate as shareholders of the second
defendant underpinned the entire Agreement. From that, he submits that it
follows that each right conferred on a member of the management team under the
Agreement must be construed as enduring so long as that member remains a
shareholder of the second defendant. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraph 37.

This includes holding office as a director. Appointment to that office is one
of the rights which the Agreement confers on the plaintiff as the most
important member of the management team. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 15, lines 18 to 25; page 16, lines
16 to 21; page 17, lines 14 to 26.

The context supplied by Recital C therefore requires cl 4.1.3.2 to be
construed as conferring upon the plaintiff a right to hold that office until
he ceases to be a shareholder.

81 I reject this argument. There is nothing in the phrase “participation as
shareholders” which casts any light on the plaintiff’s right to participate in
the management of the second defendant. Further, the argument which goes from
the manifestation of that desire in Recital C to supplying an enduring
temporal scope to the rights conferred by the Agreement is based on a non
sequitur.

82 “Participating as shareholders” in Recital C means just that: the
plaintiff, together with the other members of the management team, were
desirous of acquiring the status of and enjoying the fruits of holding the
bundle of rights associated with being a shareholder of the second defendant.
They realised that desire by acquiring shares in the second defendant, by
receiving from time to time the information about the second defendant’s
business and financial affairs to which shareholders are entitled, by
attending and voting at general meetings, and by participating in the profits
of the second defendant’s business through dividends. The management team’s
desire to participate as shareholders in the second defendant says nothing
about the existence, let alone the enduring nature, of any other rights which
the parties might enjoy under the Agreement, eg a right to participate in
management of the second defendant post-completion by continuing to hold the
office of a director. It therefore does not follow that the desire of the
parties that the plaintiff should participate as a shareholder of the second
defendant which they manifested in Recital C supplies a context which is
relevant to a proper construction of cl 4.1.3.2 and which requires the right
conferred upon the plaintiff by that clause to be construed as a right which
endures so long as he participates as a shareholder in the second defendant.

83 This approach is entirely consistent with the parties’ collaboration and
the legal form in which they chose to embody it. The parties chose to embody
their collaboration in the corporate form, ie in the form of a limited
liability company. A key feature – and one of the key innovations – of the
limited liability company is the separation of ownership from management.
Recital C refers only to “shareholding”. It shows no intention to link the
concept of participation in ownership to the quite distinct concept of
participation in management, whether in cl 4.1.3.2 or elsewhere in the
Agreement.

84 Contrary to the plaintiff’s submission, I am wholly unable to use Recital C
to find, by the process of construction, that cl 4.1.3.2 is an express term
linking the plaintiff’s status as a director (ie as a manager of the second
defendant) to his status as a shareholder (ie as a part-owner of the second
defendant). Recital C is simply incapable of casting any contextual light on
the proper construction of cl 4.1.3.2 insofar as the directorship right is
concerned.

Immediate removal

85 The plaintiff also relies on Recital C to argue that the defendants’
construction makes no commercial sense. His argument is that, if cl 4.1.3.2
properly construed confers upon the plaintiff only a right to hold office as a
director upon completion, that undermines the entire commercial purpose of the
Agreement as manifested in Recital C. Upon completion, the first defendant
transferred 25% of the second defendant to the plaintiff, took his money in
exchange and appointed him a director of the second defendant and its managing
director. If the defendant’s construction is correct, an instant after
completion, without breaching any provision of the Agreement, the first
defendant could have removed the plaintiff as a director. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 19, lines 13 to 18.

The plaintiff argues that this construction does not result in the plaintiff
participating as a shareholder of the second defendant within the meaning of
Recital C. It renders the first defendant’s obligation to the plaintiff under
cl 4.1.3.2 illusory, devoid of all contractual content and bereft of all
commercial utility. The plaintiff argues that the result of the defendants’
construction is especially absurd bearing in mind that cl 4.1.3.2 also obliges
the first defendant to procure the plaintiff’s appointment as managing
director of the second defendant upon completion.

86 I reject this argument. It is clear that, throughout the 30-year
relationship between the plaintiff and the first defendant, their incentives
have been largely aligned. That is no doubt why the parties have, throughout
those 30 years, enjoyed a remarkably good relationship based on a high degree
of mutual trust and confidence and an enduring spirit of good faith. That is
why the first defendant transferred its C&E division to the second defendant
in 2002, even before the parties had agreed the terms on which the management
team would participate as shareholders in the second defendant. That is why
the management team accepted the transfer of their employment to the second
defendant and paid $200,000 to the first defendant in 2002 as a deposit
against the price of the shares to be transferred to them, even though the
terms on which they would acquire those shares were still being negotiated.
That is why the first defendant appointed the plaintiff a director of the
second defendant and its managing director in April 2002, even though it
undertook no obligation to do so until the parties entered into the Agreement
in April 2003. That is why the Agreement treats the management team as having
had an entitlement to participate in the profits of the second defendant from
April 2002 even though they did not become shareholders of the second
defendant until completion under the Agreement in April 2003.

87 It is true that the defendant’s construction of cl 4.1.3.2 leaves the
plaintiff exposed to the risk of the first defendant using its unqualified and
unilateral power to remove a director under Article 79 of the second
defendant’s corporate constitution in a way wholly contrary to the spirit of
the Agreement and the parties’ collaboration. However, it appears to me that
that risk was either a risk which it did not occur to the plaintiff to guard
against in the Agreement or one which the plaintiff was willing to take when
he entered into the Agreement because of the relationship of trust and
confidence which prevailed between the parties at all times, until perhaps
very recently, and because of the close alignment of their incentives and
objectives. That risk is not a basis on which to conjure out of cl 4.1.3.2 by
a process of construction an express term connecting the plaintiff’s status as
a director to his status as a shareholder, which has no basis in the language
of that clause.

88 Indeed, the point on commercial absurdity which the plaintiff makes about
cl 4.1.3.2 is equally true of other limbs of cl 4.1.3. The first defendant
could have procured the second defendant to appoint a Chairman upon completion
under cl 4.1.3.3 and then, an instant later, procured the second defendant to
remove the Chairman. The first defendant could have procured the second
defendant to open a current account upon completion under cl 4.1.3.4 and then,
an instant later, procured the second defendant to close the current account.
All of this serves to illustrate the point made in the paragraph above. The
commercial absurdity which the plaintiff argues is a consequence of the
defendants’ construction arises only if one ignores the relationship of trust
and confidence and the alignment of incentives and objectives which prevailed
when the parties entered into the Agreement and indeed, it appears, right up
until July 2017.

Clause 16.2

89 The next argument which the plaintiff raises relies on cl 16.2 of the
Agreement:

As to any of the provisions of this Agreement remaining to be performed or
capable of having effect after the Completion Date this Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect notwithstanding Completion.

The plaintiff relies on cl 16.2 not as an aid to construing cl 4.1.3.2 in
context but as a contractual provision which has the effect of extending the
temporal scope of cl 4.1.3.2.

90 The plaintiff argues that cl 4.1.3.2, when read with cl 16.2, means that
the plaintiff’s express right to hold office as a director of the second
defendant upon completion remains in full force and effect even after
completion, ceasing only when the plaintiff ceases to participate in the
second defendant as a shareholder. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 23, lines 10 to 14.

This would give effect to the parties’ stated intention in Recital C that the
purpose of the Agreement was for the plaintiff to participate as a shareholder
in the second defendant.

91 I reject this argument. The purpose of cl 16.2 is indeed to extend the
temporal scope of clauses in the Agreement. But cl 16.2 operates only on two
types of clauses: (i) clauses which remain to be performed after completion;
and (ii) clauses which are capable of having effect after completion. Only
those clauses which fall within one or other of those two categories are to
“remain in full force and effect notwithstanding Completion”.

92 Clause 4.1.3.2 is in neither of those categories. Clause 4.1.3.2 is not
within the first category. Appointment of the plaintiff as a director of the
second defendant was not an obligation which remained to be performed after
completion. Indeed, the first defendant procured the second defendant to
appoint the plaintiff as a director and its managing director a year before
completion, on 1 April 2002.

93 Likewise, cl 4.1.3.2 is not within the second category. The language of cl
4.1.3.2 obliges the first defendant to exercise its control of the second
defendant upon completion to ensure that those persons named in cl 4.1.3.2 are
appointed directors of the second defendant. For the reasons I have already
given, cl 4.1.3.2 on its proper construction does not attempt to regulate the
parties’ rights and obligations post-completion. It is simply not expressed as
a clause which is capable of having effect after completion. Further, I do not
consider it legitimate to use cl 16.2 to write into cl 4.1.3.2 words which
have the effect of bringing cl 4.1.3.2 within the second category of clauses
whose temporal scope is extended by cl 16.2.

94 Clause 16.2 does not assist the plaintiff.

The defendants allowed the plaintiff to exercise powers as a director

95 The plaintiff also relies on the fact that, after he stepped down as the
second defendant’s Executive Chairman on 31 March 2017, he continued to
exercise his powers as a director of the second defendant. He signed board
resolutions in writing and also sent emails in that capacity. The defendants
did not oppose or object to any of this. The plaintiff submits that the
defendants’ failure to object then is inconsistent with their position now
that they can remove the plaintiff as director at any time 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 11, lines 14 to 24.

and is also inconsistent with their position now that he has no basis to
remain a director of the second defendant if his employment with the second
defendant has ceased. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraph 38.

96 The plaintiff’s reliance on the defendants’ failure to object to his
exercise of the powers of a director is misguided. As stated earlier, the
subsequent conduct of parties, as a general rule, is not a legitimate aid when
construing a contract, even under the contextual approach: Zurich Insurance at
[132(d)].

97 In any case, the fact that the defendants allowed the plaintiff to exercise
his powers as a director of the second defendant even after he ceased to be an
employee of the second defendant is at best a neutral indication as regards
the existence of the directorship right. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 12, lines 2 to 5.

The defendants’ position in these proceedings is simply a rejection of the
plaintiff’s position that his status as a director is and always has been
connected to his status as a shareholder. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraph 40.

Allowing the plaintiff to exercise his powers as a director of the second
defendant after he ceased to be employed by the second defendant but while he
continued to be a director is not inconsistent with the defendants’ position.
87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 11, lines 26 to 27.

98 Indeed, it appears to me that this aspect of the defendants’ conduct is
entirely consistent with their position. It is implicit in their position that
the plaintiff is entitled to exercise the powers of a director so long as he
holds office as a director; and ceases to be entitled to do so when he ceases
to hold office as a director, whether by resignation or removal in accordance
with Article 79. Throughout the time that the defendants allowed the plaintiff
to exercise the powers of a director, he held the office of a director and was
entitled to do so. That is the very reason the defendants now want to remove
him as a director: to bring that state of affairs to an end. That is also the
very reason the defendants oppose his application: they deny any legal
impediment to their unqualified right under Article 79 of the second
defendant’s corporate constitution to remove him as a director and thereby to
bring to an end his entitlement to exercise the powers of a director.

The first defendant’s offer in January 2018

99 The plaintiff also argues that the first defendant’s current position is
inconsistent with its open offer, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraph 39.

made through solicitors in January 2018, to purchase the plaintiff’s shares in
the second defendant on condition that he resign as a director of the second
defendant: 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Second affidavit of Debotosh Lodh filed on 24 July 2018, pages 49 to 50;
Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, pages 12 to 13.

… In the interests of resolving this matter expeditiously, our client is
prepared to purchase your client’s 25% shareholding based on the FY 2017 NTA
value ... on the following terms:

a. Your client’s resignation as director upon the signing of the formal Sale
and Purchase Agreement; ...

100 The plaintiff acknowledges that the first defendant’s request for the
plaintiff to resign as a director of the second defendant upon his exit as a
shareholder does not amount to an admission of the directorship right. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 13, lines 1 to 3.

Nevertheless, the plaintiff argues that the fact that the first defendant made
that request reflects its own understanding that the plaintiff’s right to hold
office as a director of the second defendant came to an end only when he
ceased to be a shareholder. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraph 39.

101 I reject this argument. The first defendant’s open offer is also, of
course, subsequent conduct in relation to the Agreement. As I have already
pointed out, subsequent conduct is generally not a legitimate aid when
construing a contract, even under the contextual approach (see [96] above).

102 In any event, I do not accept that the first defendant is taking
inconsistent positions. I say that on two levels: the temporal and the modal.

103 First, when looked at temporally, seeking to bring an end to a director’s
status as a director when he ceases to be a shareholder is not logically
inconsistent with the position that the director has no entitlement to hold
the status of a director even before he ceases to be a shareholder.

104 Second, when looked at modally, a shareholder asking a director to resign
is not inconsistent with the shareholder having the power to remove the
director. Resignation is ostensibly voluntary. Removal is obviously
involuntary. There are many good reasons why a majority shareholder may ask a
director to resign even though the majority shareholder considers that it has
the unqualified right to remove him as a director. Indeed, as a practical
matter, I would have been very surprised if a company which had had a 30-year
relationship of trust and confidence with a director would remove him without
first inviting him to resign voluntarily. That is all that the first defendant
did. That does not mean that they did not have the unqualified right to do so.
Equally, it does not mean that they did not believe that they had the
unqualified right to do so.

The plaintiff’s counterarguments

105 The remainder of the plaintiff’s submissions are not positive arguments
why the directorship right exists under the Agreement. Instead, they are
counterarguments put forward to meet and defeat the defendants’ arguments as
to why the directorship right does not exist. Proving these counterarguments
to be true does not assist the plaintiff to prove his case that the
directorship right exists.

106 First, the plaintiff rejects the defendants’ argument that the plaintiff
has no reason to continue to hold office as a director of the second defendant
after his employment 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Affidavit of Loh Kai Keong filed on 17 July 2018, paragraphs 40 to 41.

as Executive Chairman ceased on 1 April 2017. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraphs 36 to 37.

I have no difficulty in accepting that point. As matter of construction, cl
4.1.3.2 does not connect the plaintiff’s status as a director of the second
defendant to his status as an employee of the second defendant. But accepting
that point does not assist the plaintiff in establishing his case that cl
4.1.3.2 is an express term of the Agreement which connects his right to hold
office as a director of the second defendant legally and permanently to his
status as a shareholder of the second defendant.

107 Second, the plaintiff rejects as disingenuous the defendants’ argument
that the plaintiff seeks to be a director of the plaintiff in perpetuity. The
plaintiff deflects that argument by pointing out that his formulation of the
directorship right incorporates a temporal limitation, ie it comes to an end
once he ceases to be a shareholder. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraph 40.

I likewise have no difficulty in accepting that the plaintiff does not, in
these proceedings, assert a right to remain a director of the second defendant
in perpetuity. But, once again, accepting that point does not assist the
plaintiff’s case. Clause 4.1.3.2 construed in context does not give the
plaintiff an express right to hold office as a director post-completion.
Incorporating a temporal limitation into his formulation of that right does
not assist the plaintiff in establishing his case that the directorship right
exists as an express contractual right under cl 4.1.3.2 of the Agreement.

The cases

108 I turn now to consider the three principal authorities which the
defendants cite.

109 The defendants rely on the case of Paillart Philippe Marcel Etienne and
another v Eban Stuart Ashley and another [2007] 1 SLR(R) 132 (“Paillart”). In
that case, a clause in a shareholders’ agreement expressly provided that the
minority shareholder was entitled to hold office as a director so long as he
held no less than 10% of the company’s shares (at [47]). 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraph 40;
Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 14.

The majority shareholder convened a general meeting to remove the minority
shareholder as a director. The minority shareholder secured a permanent
injunction restraining the removal.

110 The defendants rely on Paillart to argue that the minority shareholder
succeeded there only because he had the benefit of an express clause which
conferred a continuing right to hold office as a director, and which connected
that right to his continued status as a shareholder. The plaintiff rejects
this distinction and turns the defendants’ argument on its head. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraphs 42 to 43.

The plaintiff submits that, because cl 4.1.3.2 specifies no minimum for his
shareholding in the second defendant, unlike the clause in Paillart, he is
entitled to hold office as a director of the second defendant so long as he
holds any shares in the defendant. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 15, lines 6 to 11.

The plaintiff also points out that, unlike the plaintiff in Paillart, the
plaintiff’s shareholding in the second defendant has not changed since he
acquired his shares in April 2003.

111 I accept the defendants’ submissions on Paillart and reject the
plaintiff’s. The plaintiff cannot establish the directorship right by pointing
out that there is no minimum shareholding specified in cl 4.1.3.2 of the
Agreement whereas there was such a minimum shareholding specified in Paillart.
That ground of distinction assumes what it sets out to prove, ie that cl
4.1.3.2 confers upon the plaintiff an express directorship right. Construed in
context, for the reasons I have set out above, cl 4.1.3.2 does not.

112 The next case which the defendants cite is Ng Sing King and others v PSA
International Pte Ltd and others [2005] 2 SLR(R) 56 (“Ng Sing King”). In that
case, a shareholders’ agreement specified expressly that the office of chief
executive officer “shall initially” be held by the plaintiff. The
shareholders’ agreement also expressly provided both for a right of
appointment and a right of removal of the chief executive officer (at [149]).
The defendants submit that Ng Sing King supports their position because cl
4.1.3.2 likewise provides that the persons named in that clause are to hold
office as directors only upon completion, and makes no provision post-
completion. The plaintiff’s response again turns the defendant’s argument on
its head. He submits that Ng Sing King supports the plaintiff’s position
because cl 4.1.3.2: (i) does not expressly provide that the persons named in
the clause are the “initial” directors of the second defendant; and (ii) makes
no provision as to how directors may be removed. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, page 25.

113 I accept the defendants’ submissions and reject the plaintiff’s
submissions. Once again, the plaintiff assumes that which he is attempting to
prove. The plaintiff is indeed correct that the word “initially” is absent
from cl 4.1.3.2. But the critical point is that cl 4.1.3.2, properly
construed, is static. That is the effect of the introductory words of cl 4.1
read together with the introductory words of cl 4.1.3. Those introductory
words taken together mean that the first defendant’s obligation to procure the
second defendant to appoint the persons named in cl 4.1.3 to be directors of
the second defendant was to be performed upon completion. The plaintiff’s
second argument is that the absence of a clause in cl 4.1 specifying how
directors can be removed means that directors cannot be removed so long as
they remain shareholders. That amounts to using the process of construction to
fill what is said to be a gap in cl 4.1 by supplying far too much positive
content.

114 The final case that the defendants rely on is Cosmic Insurance Corp Ltd v
Khoo Chiang Poh [1979–1980] SLR(R) 703 (“Cosmic Insurance”). In that case, the
contract provided that the director “shall be the managing director for life
unless he resigns, dies or commits an offence under the Companies Act …”
[emphasis added] (at [8]). The defendants argue that what is missing in cl
4.1.3.2 is this sort of express language extending the director’s right to
hold office into the future. The plaintiff, in contrast, emphasises that the
absence in cl 4.1.3.2 of any restriction on the duration of the plaintiff’s
appointment and the absence of any procedure for the plaintiff’s removal both
suggest that the parties intended his appointment to continue throughout the
term of the Agreement, ie so long as he remains a shareholder. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, page 25.

115 Once again, I accept the defendants’ submissions and reject the
plaintiff’s. The introductory words in cl 4.1 and cl 4.1.3 read in context
govern the temporal scope of cl 4.1.3.2. That clause cannot be construed as
expressly extending into the future without some further words of a temporal
nature appearing in the clause to counteract the introductory words. An
example of how the effect of those introductory words could be counteracted is
supplied by cl 4.1.3.6. Likewise, the words “for life” in Cosmic Insurance
manifested an objective intent that the directors’ appointment in that case
was to continue into the future. There are no such words in cl 4.1.3.2. Cosmic
Insurance assists the defendants and not the plaintiff.

Majority rule

116 The defendants emphasise the general rule in company law that, in matters
internal to a company, the will of the majority prevails save in exceptional
and well-defined situations such as where there is minority oppression or a
fraud on the minority. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

The defendants’ written submissions dated 18 July 2018, pages 15 to 17.

The courts do not act as a supervisory board over the decisions of the
majority: Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests Holdings Ltd and another [2010] 2 SLR
776; Howard Smith Ltd v Ampol Petroleum Ltd and others [1974] 1 AC 821. As I
have pointed out at the outset, the plaintiff makes no allegations of
oppression or fraud on the minority in this case. The plaintiff makes no
attempt to bring his claim to restrain the first defendant’s exercise of its
voting power at the second defendant’s general meeting within the statutory
exceptions to majority rule established by s 216 or s 216A of the CA. The
plaintiff responds by pointing out that, even if the plaintiff secures a
permanent injunction in these proceedings, the will of the majority will not
be thwarted because three out of the second defendant’s five directors will be
directors appointed by the first defendant. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraph 45.

117 I accept the defendants’ submission and reject the plaintiff’s
submissions. As a matter of contract law, I have found that the plaintiff
enjoys no directorship right under cl 4.1.3.2 of the Agreement. As a matter of
company law, in the absence of any applicable exception to the principle of
majority rule, the first defendant has the right under Article 79 of the
second defendant’s corporate constitution to vote in favour of removing the
plaintiff – or indeed any of the second defendant’s directors – for any reason
or for no reason. It is therefore not to the point that the defendants have
given no reason why the plaintiff is to be removed. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraph 3.

Further, the will of the majority in question here is the will of the majority
of the shareholders, not the majority of the directors. Ultimate power in a
company lies with the shareholders of the company in general meeting, not with
the directors at board meetings.

118 The first defendant’s proposal to remove the plaintiff as a director of
the second defendant is an exercise of the will of the majority. The plaintiff
has shown no express contractual term which gives him a basis to restrain the
exercise of the first defendant’s rights as a matter of contract law. The
plaintiff has also alleged no basis to restrain the exercise of that right as
a matter of company law. The plaintiff’s application, if granted, would
impinge on the lawful exercise of the majority’s will at general meeting
without any legal basis. The plaintiff’s application must fail.

The second issue

119 In relation to the second issue before me (see [52] above), the plaintiff
argues that the express effect of cl 16.3 of the Agreement is that the
directorship right conferred by cl 4.1.3.2 must prevail over the inconsistency
in Article 79 of the second defendant’s corporate constitution, insofar as
Article 79 allows the first defendant an unqualified right to remove the
plaintiff as a director even while he remains a shareholder. Indeed, the
plaintiff submits that not only does cl 16.3 stipulate that the directorship
right under cl 4.1.3.2 must prevail over Article 79, the clause obliges the
parties jointly to amend Article 79 to remove the inconsistency. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

The plaintiff’s written submissions dated 30 July 2018, paragraph 33.

120 Given that I have found against the plaintiff on the first issue, the
second issue does not arise for consideration.

121 It is equally unnecessary for me to consider the parties’ competing
submissions on whether the discretionary remedy of an injunction is
appropriate to restrain an alleged breach of contract of this nature and
whether the equitable remedy of an injunction should be denied to the
plaintiff because he has come to court with unclean hands.

Conclusion

122 The plaintiff’s case rests on cl 4.1.3.2 of the Agreement expressly
conferring upon him the directorship right. It does not. The directorship
right is simply unsupported by any reasonable interpretation of the language
of cl 4.1.3.2 and by any reasonable construction of that clause in the context
of the Agreement.

123 As a matter of interpretation, cl 4.1.3.2 takes effect upon completion. As
a matter of construction, Recital C and cl 4.1.3.6 are of no assistance to the
plaintiff in drawing the directorship right out of cl 4.1.3.2 as an express
right. Clause 16.2 does not apply to cl 4.1.3.2 and cannot extend its temporal
scope post-completion.

124 It is true that cl 4.1.3.2 is completely silent as to whether a director
appointed under that clause upon completion is entitled to continue to hold
office post-completion. It is also completely silent on how a director
appointed under cl 4.1.3.2 may be removed. The plaintiff seeks to fill that
silence by rewriting cl 4.1.3.2 through an open-ended process of contextual
construction in order to confer the directorship right upon him. That
stretches the contextual approach beyond its legitimate limits. If the
Agreement is silent on these aspects, the contextual approach cannot assist
the plaintiff. These aspects of the parties’ bargain fall to be governed by
the second defendant’s corporate constitution. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 38, lines 22 to 25.

125 The plaintiff has failed to establish his case in these proceedings. I
have therefore dismissed the plaintiff’s application with costs. I have
further ordered the plaintiff to pay the defendants’ costs of and incidental
to these proceedings fixed at $10,000 excluding reasonable disbursements,
which are to be taxed if not agreed. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Certified transcript of 1 August 2018, page 73, lines 5 to 9.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

N Sreenivasan SC and Lim Min (Straits Law Practice LLC)

for the plaintiff;  
Josephine Choo, Kerry Chan and Melvin Lin (WongPartnership LLP) for the first
defendant and second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

