Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 140

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9240 of 2018/01

Between

Low Song Chye  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9240 of 2018/02

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Low Song Chye  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing]

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Hurt]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Low Song Chye

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor and another appeal

[2019] SGHC 140

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9240 of 2018/01 and /02

See Kee Oon J  
22 March 2019

6 June 2019 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon J:

1 The accused claimed trial in a Magistrate’s Court to a charge of voluntarily
causing hurt under s 323 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). He was
convicted and sentenced to 12 weeks’ imprisonment and ordered to pay $800 in
compensation to the victim. The Magistrate’s grounds of decision can be found
in Public Prosecutor v Low Song Chye [2018] SGMC 68 (“GD”).

2 The accused has appealed against conviction, sentence and the compensation
order imposed. The Prosecution has appealed against sentence only. Both the
sentence of imprisonment and the compensation order were stayed pending the
appeal.

3 Having considered the submissions of both parties, I dismiss the accused’s
appeals and allow the Prosecution’s appeal, enhancing the sentence imposed to
four months’ imprisonment. I now give the reasons for my decision.

Evidence adduced at trial

4 The accused was the manager of KG Pearl, a karaoke pub at which the victim
worked as a singer. On 12 July 2016, at about 2.36 am, the victim had gone
into the office at KG Pearl to collect her salary as it was her last day of
work there. As she was dissatisfied with the amount that was offered to her,
she refused to accept the money.

5 When the victim exited the office, she picked up balls from a pool table and
threw them around in an apparent tantrum. There was some dispute as to where
these balls landed, and whether any danger arose from this. While the victim
testified that she had thrown the balls onto the floor, the accused testified
that he had seen one of the balls hit “Ben Ge”. “Ben Ge” was also referred to
as “Ping Ge” during the trial.

6 The events that followed thereafter were also disputed even though there was
CCTV footage of most, but not all, of the relevant events in the pub.

7 According to the victim, the accused then pointed at her and asked whether
she believed he would hit her. He went towards her, grabbed her hand, and
pushed her towards the wall before grabbing her neck with his right hand. He
then changed hands, used his left hand to grab her neck, and slapped her with
“very great force” on the left side of her face and left ear with his right
hand. The accused also told her to stop throwing tantrums. The victim was very
agitated and wanted to retaliate.

8 The Prosecution’s case was that the accused continued to advance towards the
victim when she moved away, pointing his finger at her aggressively before
grabbing her neck again. The victim pushed him away immediately, but the
accused lunged forward and swung his hand at the victim’s face, hitting her on
the left cheek. Subsequently, the victim fell to the floor and threw a pool
ball at the accused, which missed him. Despite being restrained by others, the
accused continued to advance towards the victim.

9 On the other hand, the accused stated that he approached the victim in an
attempt to stop her from throwing more pool balls around. He did this by
grabbing her wrists and telling her to cool down and go into the singers’
room. The victim struggled and attempted to kick the accused, who dodged the
kick. As the victim attempted to move towards the pool table again, the
accused used his right hand to push her chest area, below her neck, and used
his left hand to grab the victim’s shoulder. By doing so, the accused managed
to push the victim towards the wall. He did this because he did not want the
victim to be within reach of the pool table. The victim then kicked the
accused, who released her.

10 The accused’s case was that while other singers tried to intervene, the
victim continued to be aggressive, pushing him away twice. He pushed her as
well, in an attempt to push her towards the singers’ room and wake her up from
her “alcohol-induced delirium”. His right hand then came into contact with the
victim’s left cheek with “not that great” force as the victim had moved away.
The victim then attempted to retaliate, but missed and fell to the floor. She
then threw a pool ball towards the accused.

11 It was not disputed that an altercation between “Ping Ge”, his friend, and
the victim followed. During this altercation, the victim hit her head against
a pillar at KG Pearl.

12 The victim later realised that there was discomfort in her ear and that her
hearing in her left ear had become poorer than her right. On medical
examination, she was found to have sustained:

(a) A left anterior central tympanic membrane perforation that was about 50%
in size,

(b) Multiple scratch marks over her bilateral upper limb,

(c) Minimal swelling over the dorsum of the lateral side of the right wrist,

(d) Circular abrasion over her right anterior knee, and

(e) Redness over the anterior distal neck.

13 The victim had no other visible facial injuries. The hearing test conducted
on her showed that she suffered mild conductive hearing loss. Two days’
medical leave was given.

14 On 15 July 2016, the victim was examined again. By this time, she had
developed left ear tinnitus and dizziness with nausea. When her condition was
reviewed on 30 September 2016, the eardrum perforation was marginally smaller
than it was initially. A pure tone audiogram showed mild to moderate
conductive hearing loss. On 6 December 2016, the victim underwent a left onlay
tympanoplasty to close the eardrum perforation. However, she continued to
suffer from mild conductive hearing loss in her left ear, together with
persistent left sided tinnitus. Dr Ho Eu Chin (“Dr Ho”) stated that the only
effective treatment available for these conditions would be a hearing aid.

Decision below

15 The Magistrate convicted the accused and found that he had caused the
victim to sustain, amongst other injuries, a left anterior central tympanic
membrane (or eardrum) perforation that was about 50% in size with mild
conductive hearing loss (GD at [6]).

16 In reaching this conclusion, the Magistrate preferred the victim’s account.
He found her evidence to be cogent, consistent, precise and corroborated in
the material aspects by the medical evidence as well as the First Information
Report (“FIR”). The Magistrate also set out a detailed description of the
events captured by the CCTV footage at [12] of his GD, and concluded that the
victim’s evidence was substantially consistent with the CCTV footage, even if
some ancillary and non-material details might have been forgotten over time
(GD at [41]–[42]). This substantial consistency was demonstrated by the
Magistrate’s comparison of the accounts of the victim, the accused and the
CCTV footage at [44] of the GD.

17 On the other hand, the Magistrate found that the accused had given the
impression of an intense struggle with an overpowering victim, which was
“bereft of particularity and precision”, and also grossly understated his
hostility towards the victim (GD at [43]). The accused’s acts of grabbing the
victim’s neck on two separate occasions and swinging his right hand towards
the victim’s face was at odds with his purported desire to “talk things
through nicely”.

18 The Magistrate further found that the justifications of private defence and
necessity (referred to as “good faith”) did not apply in the present case, for
reasons set out at [52] to [57] of his GD, and discussed in more detail from
[47] below.

The appeal against conviction

The accused’s submissions

19 The accused submitted that the Magistrate erred in his assessment of the
victim’s credibility. The accused argued that the victim’s evidence was not
cogent and was internally and externally inconsistent.

20 The alleged internal inconsistencies were broadly that:

(a) The victim’s evidence as to where the slap had landed was inconsistent
with the original charge (D1), which stated that the accused had slapped the
victim’s face, without any mention of her ear or the grabbing of her neck.

(b) The victim was inconsistent as to when she had pointed to the accused and
raised her voice at him for making things difficult for her: during
Examination-in-Chief, she said she did so when she came out of the office,
before reaching the pool table, but later said she did so after throwing the
pool balls.

(c) While the victim testified that she was certain she had used her right
hand to point at the accused, she later said she could not recall whether or
not she had pointed at him when she was confronted with the CCTV footage.

(d) The victim had claimed that she had “no strength to resist” the accused.
She also initially denied she had pushed the accused, but later had to accept
that she did so when confronted with the CCTV footage.

(e) The victim initially claimed that the accused “swung” her, causing her to
fall, then that he pushed her down, before finally admitting she had fallen on
her own.

21 The alleged external inconsistencies were that:

(a) The First Information Report (“FIR”) did not corroborate the victim’s
account. The Prosecution did not clarify with the victim who the “boss”
referred to therein was or what the victim had meant by “hit”. Further, the
alleged grabbing of her neck was not mentioned in the FIR or in any of the
medical reports.

(b) The victim’s testimony that the pool balls she had thrown merely landed on
the floor was inconsistent with the testimony of the Investigating Officer
(“IO”) that a stern warning had been administered for a s 337(a) Penal Code
offence. Further, the IO’s evidence was that the victim admitted to having
been heavily intoxicated, which the victim denied having told him.

(c) The accused made six points in respect of the CCTV footage. First, the
victim’s suggestion that she had thrown the pool ball at the accused because
he “kept chasing [her] around” was not corroborated by the footage. Second,
the Prosecution’s case that the offending acts occurred during the two second
“freeze” in the footage was a convenient coincidence that cast serious doubt.
Third, the victim’s claim that she had no strength to resist the accused was
inconsistent with the footage. Fourth, the victim’s evidence that the pool
balls she had thrown landed on the floor was also not supported by the
footage. Fifth, the footage was not conclusive as to whether the accused’s
hand had been on the victim’s neck. Finally, while the victim claimed that she
had not thrown a pool ball at the accused but instead at the floor or at the
side of his leg, the footage showed that she threw a ball directly at the
accused.

22 The accused further submitted that the Magistrate had erred in finding that
he had the requisite mens rea for the offence. His body posture and gestures
were insufficient grounds for the Magistrate’s finding that he had intended to
cause hurt to the victim. The context in which his actions took place was
relevant: as KG Pearl’s manager, he was responsible for safety and security at
the pub. His intention was to prevent the victim from causing harm to the
people or property at the pub with the pool balls and not to cause hurt to the
victim. This was purportedly corroborated by the victim’s account of what the
accused had said as he allegedly grabbed her neck: “what are you trying to do?
You cannot just throw your tantrums here”.

23 In addition, the accused submitted that the Magistrate’s reliance on the
fact that there was no evidence of any other hard slap was erroneous. Instead,
the focus of the inquiry should have been whether there had been evidence of
any blunt force trauma. The accused argued that the medical evidence was
neutral at best, and that there were other instances which could have caused
the injury sustained by the victim.

24 Lastly, the accused argued that the Magistrate conflated the defences of
private defence and necessity (referred to by the accused as “good faith”),
and thereby failed to provide proper reasons as to why he rejected each
defence. In relation to private defence, the accused again asserted that he
reasonably apprehended an attempt or continued threat by the victim to commit
an offence and that his intention was to prevent her from causing further harm
to the people and property at KG Pearl. In context, the accused’s actions were
reasonable. The accused similarly argued that the Magistrate had erred in
rejecting the defence of necessity under s 81 of the Penal Code, and that the
accused had acted in good faith and exercised “due care and attention in his
attempts to prevent [the victim] from causing further harm”.

The Prosecution’s submissions

25 The Prosecution submitted that the Magistrate had not erred in convicting
the accused.

26 The Prosecution argued that the victim was a truthful and candid witness.
This was illustrated by her various admissions, including that she had wanted
to retaliate by hitting the accused, that she managed to “very quickly break
free” from the accused’s grip the second time, and that she had fallen on her
own when she tried to hit the accused. She had also readily admitted that she
had been administered warnings by the police following the incident. Further,
the Prosecution submitted that the victim’s account was internally and
externally consistent: it was corroborated by the FIR, the account the victim
had given to the doctor, the CCTV footage, and the injuries she had suffered.

27 The Prosecution also submitted that the Magistrate was right in dismissing
the suggestion that there were other causes for the eardrum perforation. This
was because Dr Ho’s evidence suggested that it was not likely that the
perforation was occasioned by a very loud noise or by a fall: the perforation
was present in only one ear and there was no bruising around the victim’s ear
or any other parts of her head.

28 In contrast, the Prosecution submitted that the accused was an unreliable
witness whose testimony was externally inconsistent, particularly with the
CCTV footage and the statement given to the police (P7). For example, the
Prosecution pointed out that the accused had made disparate and inconsistent
claims as to why he had hit the victim on the left cheek a second time (P1A at
02:37:09). His evidence in court was that he had acted intentionally to “push
her face”, while he had said in P7 that this slap was accidental and
unintentional. He also embellished the account he provided in P7 by claiming
that the victim had kicked at his penis. His claim that he was seeking to de-
escalate the situation was contradicted by the video evidence.

29 The Prosecution further submitted that the defences of private defence and
necessity were inapplicable. The accused’s attack on the victim was not
induced by any reasonable apprehension of danger. The victim had already
desisted before the accused went up to confront her. Even on the accused’s own
case, any danger posed by the victim would have been defused after he shoved
her against the wall and away from the pool table. There would have been no
need to grab the victim’s neck or to slap her. He could also have pushed her
away from the pool table by her arms or other less vulnerable parts of her
body. Similarly, the defence of necessity was not available to the accused as
any danger was not of such a nature or imminence as to justify his actions.

My decision

30 I find that the Magistrate did not err in holding that the elements of the
charge had been proven beyond reasonable doubt. I address the accused’s
arguments in turn.

Credibility of the victim

31 I am not persuaded that the Magistrate erred in preferring the account of
the victim. This is primarily due to the medical evidence adduced as well as
the fact that the victim’s testimony is substantially, even if not entirely,
consistent with the CCTV footage.

32 The internal inconsistencies referred to by the accused have been
overstated. For example, while the accused asserts that the victim initially
denied having pushed the accused, and only later admitted to having done so
when confronted with the video evidence, it is apparent from the NEs that this
is not entirely accurate. The victim’s initial denial appears to have been
because she felt she had pushed the accused in self-defence.

Q: My question is, do you agree you pushed him away twice?

A: I disagree.

Court: What did she say again? Can she repeat that?

Witness: It was in to---self-defence.

33 Further, the inconsistencies regarding the sequence of events, such as
whether she had pointed to the accused before throwing the pool balls or
afterwards, or in fact, whether she had pointed at the accused at all, are
immaterial. These were minor details that were peripheral to the offence, and
do not reflect on the victim’s credibility. I note that the Magistrate
acknowledged that the victim could not accurately recall “some ancillary and
non-material details”. Insofar as the offence was concerned, the victim’s
testimony remained clear and consistent.

34 I note, further, that the Medical Report prepared by Dr Ho dated 24 October
2016 (P2) indicated that the victim had informed him that she had been slapped
on the left side of her face and ear. This account, which she had given
shortly after the incident, was corroborative of the victim’s evidence in
court. The FIR was also corroborative of the victim’s account, albeit to a
more limited extent. I accept that there was some ambiguity as to whom the
victim was referring to when she reported that her boss had hit her. This was
particularly since the victim’s evidence was that there had also been a
scuffle with ‘Ping Ge’, whom the victim had testified was one of the bosses at
KG Pearl as well. I note that the FIR did suggest, however, that the victim
had suffered hearing loss in one ear following the incident, and is
corroborative of the victim’s account to this extent.

35 The fact that the victim had not referred to the grabbing of her neck in
any of the medical reports or in the FIR was, to my mind, not such a material
discrepancy that it would affect her credibility. As I had held in Koh Jing
Kwang v Public Prosecutor [2015] 1 SLR 7 (“Koh Jing Kwang”) at [27], the court
can take into account the circumstances in which the FIR was made. In the
present case, this included the fact that the victim had then been suffering
from hearing loss in her ear, which could reasonably be seen as her main
grievance. While there was no reference to the grabbing of her neck in the
medical report, or in the initial charge, these were not significant omissions
that impinged on the victim’s credibility.

36 The accused further argued that the CCTV footage does not corroborate the
victim’s evidence, and is instead inconsistent with it at points. I agree that
there may have been some embellishment by the victim. For example, while the
accused repeatedly approached the victim throughout the course of the
altercation, it is a stretch to say that the accused “kept chasing [her]
around”. At the same time, this should be balanced against the candid
admissions by the victim that she wanted to retaliate by hitting the accused
and that she managed to break away from the accused’s hold very quickly.

37 The accused has made much of the fact that the IO testified that a stern
warning was administered to the victim for causing hurt by a rash act
involving the throwing of the pool balls. However, it was not clear from the
IO’s evidence that this pertained to a rash act which occurred before the
accused allegedly committed the offence. The CCTV footage shows the victim
throwing pool balls both before and after the accused was said to have
committed the offence. At the hearing of the appeal, the accused drew my
attention to the fact that his evidence had been that one of the balls the
victim had thrown before the offence was allegedly committed had hit somebody.
The implicit suggestion was therefore that the warning had been administered
for the victim’s act of throwing the pool balls before the offence had
allegedly been committed. Nevertheless, it appears that the IO’s evidence on
the stern warning was equivocal as to exactly when the offence had been
committed by the victim. In any event, I do not think the stern warning has
any effect on the victim’s credibility. The stern warning is not in itself
evidence that the victim had hit somebody with the pool ball, or that she knew
or admitted that she had done so. I note that the victim had also readily
admitted that she had been given a warning when asked under cross-examination.

38 Further, the victim’s account of what had happened during the two-second
“freeze” in the CCTV footage is corroborated by the medical evidence. The
Magistrate found that the accused’s hard slap caused the victim’s hearing
loss, amongst other injuries (GD at [6]). I agree with his assessment. The
medical report dated 7 December 2017 states that the eardrum perforation was
consistent with blunt force trauma such as slapping on the face and ear. While
Dr Ho testified that eardrum perforations can generally be caused by blunt
force trauma to an area of the head resulting from a fall to the ground, he
also said that it is likely that there would have been visible signs of
injuries to the parts of the head that took the impact if this was in fact
what had occurred. Pertinently, Dr Ho did not in fact observe any injuries on
the victim’s head. If the eardrum perforation had been caused by a fall to the
ground or the victim hitting her head against the pillar, it is likely that
other parts of the victim’s head would also have taken some impact and
therefore sustained injury. Hence I do not agree that the medical evidence was
“neutral at best”, contrary to what was suggested by the accused.

39 Assessing the evidence as a whole, I agree that the victim was a credible
witness. Whether or not the victim had been intoxicated, I see no reason to
interfere with the Magistrate’s finding that this was not determinative of her
ability to accurately remember what had transpired.

40 I therefore do not agree that the Magistrate erred in preferring the
evidence of the victim over that of the accused. He had done so after a
thorough analysis of the evidence before him. He had carefully assessed the
accounts of the accused and the victim alongside the CCTV footage (GD at [44])
and concluded that the victim’s account was more consistent with the footage
than the accused’s. I agree with his conclusion. Pertinently, the footage
shows the accused’s hand over the victim’s neck region, which corroborates to
an extent the victim’s evidence that he had grabbed her by the neck. I note
that the accused’s account also does not satisfactorily explain how the
eardrum perforation was caused.

41 Finally, while the accused argued that the two-second “freeze” in the CCTV
footage was a “convenient coincidence” that cast “severe doubt” on the
Prosecution’s case, as noted by the Prosecution at the appeal before me, this
footage had in fact been provided by the accused to the police. Similarly, the
accused’s repeated references to the Prosecution’s failure to call other eye-
witnesses to corroborate the victim’s account was, to my mind, irrelevant.
Neither of these two arguments raised any reasonable doubt.

42 For the above reasons, I am of the view that the Magistrate was correct in
preferring the victim’s account over that of the accused.

The requisite mens rea

43 Before the Magistrate, the Prosecution argued that if the accused is found
to have either slapped the victim or grabbed her neck, it must follow that he
did so with the requisite mens rea given that these are “typical acts of
aggression”. The Magistrate found that the accused’s hostility, evidenced by
his body posture and forceful gesticulation, was contrary to the accused’s
purported desire to “talk things through nicely”.

44 On appeal, the accused asserted that he had merely been concerned about the
danger posed by the victim’s throwing of the pool balls. He allegedly had only
wanted to stop her and did not intend to harm her. I find this difficult to
accept given the aggressive manner in which the accused had acted.

45 The accused need not have intended the exact form of hurt suffered by the
victim, and the charge is made out as long as he intended to cause some form
of hurt. The Magistrate did not err in finding that the accused had slapped
the victim, and Dr Ho’s evidence was that this slap must have been hard to
generate enough force to cause the eardrum perforation. Given the force with
which the accused slapped the victim, the inference that he must have intended
to cause some form of hurt was amply justified on the evidence before the
Magistrate.

46 For completeness, I note that the accused’s alleged intention to stop or
merely restrain the victim is not inconsistent with an intention to hurt the
victim. He had clearly acted with the primary purpose of bringing about the
latter consequence.

Defences raised by the accused

47 I turn now to the defences raised by the accused. I agree with the
Magistrate that the defences of private defence and necessity did not apply on
the facts.

48 As set out in Tan Chor Jin v Public Prosecutor [2008] 4 SLR(R) 306 at [46],
the defence of private defence requires that the accused show:

(a) An offence affecting the human body has been committed or is reasonably
apprehended (s 97 of the Penal Code);

(b) There was no time to seek the protection of the authorities  
(s 99(3) of the Penal Code);

(c) At the time of acting in private defence, he reasonably apprehended danger
due to an attempt or threat by the victim to commit an offence affecting the
body (s 102 of the Penal Code); and

(d) The harm caused to the victim was reasonably necessary in private defence,
with due allowance given to the dire circumstances under which he was acting
(s 99(4) of the Penal Code).

49 In my opinion, the Magistrate was right to find that private defence did
not apply on the facts. Even if it is accepted that there was a reasonable
apprehension of danger, which was in itself questionable on the facts, I would
agree with the Magistrate’s finding that there were more appropriate ways of
restraining the victim. In essence, the harm caused to the victim was not
reasonably necessary, having due regard to the circumstances under which the
accused had been acting.

50 As noted above at [38] and [45], the accused slapped the victim hard enough
for her to suffer an eardrum perforation. This occurred after the accused had
pushed her against the wall and grabbed her neck. I do not accept the
suggestion that any danger posed by the victim’s earlier act of throwing the
pool balls, or the fact that she was struggling, made it reasonable for him to
grab her by the neck, or slap her with such force. This was particularly
since, as the Magistrate had noted, at the time the offence was committed, the
victim had in fact stopped throwing the pool balls. The harm caused to the
victim was therefore disproportionate in the circumstances, and the accused
cannot rely on private defence in the present case.

51 I turn now to the defence of necessity. Section 81 of the Penal Code reads:

Act likely to cause harm but done without a criminal intent, and to prevent
other harm

81\. Nothing is an offence merely by reason of its being done with the
knowledge that it is likely to cause harm, if it be done without any criminal
intention to cause harm, and in good faith for the purpose of preventing or
avoiding other harm to person or property.

52 Section 81 would not apply to exculpate the accused if he is found to have
“criminal intention” to cause hurt. As I have indicated at [45] above, the
Magistrate’s finding that the accused intended to hurt the victim was correct.
and hence s 81 of the Penal Code finds no application in this case.

53 I should add that s 81 of the Penal Code would not have been relevant even
if the mens rea had been knowledge of the likelihood of causing harm rather
than criminal intention. The accused would not have been able to satisfy the
additional requirement of having acted “in good faith”, having regard to  
s 52 of the Penal Code which requires that he must have acted with due care
and attention. Further, the illustrations to s 81 of the Penal Code suggest
that the defence of necessity is intended to cover situations in which far
greater harm would have occurred had the offending act not been done. This can
be seen from illustration (a) which compares 20 or 30 passengers’ lives being
at risk to two lives, or illustration (c), which compares 100 lives to six.
The present case was not a comparable situation by any measure. There is no
indication that greater or even substantial harm would have occurred if the
accused had not assaulted the victim in the manner he did. As such, it is
clear to me that s 81 of the Penal Code would not have applied even if the
mens rea was one of knowledge.

54 I therefore dismiss the accused’s appeal against conviction.

The appeal against sentence

The accused’s appeal

55 The accused submitted that the sentence imposed by the Magistrate was
manifestly excessive. According to the accused, the Magistrate failed to
distinguish the cases of Koh Jing Kwang, Public Prosecutor v Tey Kok Peng
(District Arrest Case No 912220 of 2014) (“Tey Kok Peng”) and Public
Prosecutor v Feng Zhangao (Magistrate’s Arrest Case No 903682 of 2015) (“Feng
Zhangao”), and instead wrongly found them to be “useful reference points” (GD
at [65]).

56 The accused also submitted that the Magistrate erred in failing to properly
consider the cases of Public Prosecutor v Cheng Tai Peng [2012] SGDC 121 and
[2012] SGDC 104 (“Cheng Tai Peng”) and Public Prosecutor v Wong Jiaxin [2010]
SGDC 23 (“Wong Jiaxin”), which the accused argued would be more suitable
reference points. The accused also argued that the Magistrate failed to
consider Public Prosecutor v AOB [2011] 2 SLR 793 (“AOB”), in which Chan Sek
Keong CJ had referred to Sim Yew Thong v Ng Loy Nam Thomas and other appeals
[2000] 3 SLR(R) 155 (“Sim Yew Thong”) as suggesting that a custodial sentence
is not imposed for a s 323 offence where the injuries are minor, there is a
lack of premeditation, and the altercation is short (at [11]). According to
the accused, there was no premeditation in the present case, the entire
altercation lasted only 12 seconds, and the medical memorandum dated 14 May
2018 (“the 14 May memorandum”) did not state that the hearing loss was
permanent.

57 Further, the accused argued that the Magistrate erred in considering the
accused’s purported “sustained aggression” as an aggravating factor. This was
not part of the charge and the accused had voluntarily stopped any purported
aggression towards the victim. Similarly, the accused argued that undue weight
was placed on his antecedents for unlawful assembly and rioting, since two of
these offences took place more than 16 years ago. With regard to the accused’s
2014 conviction under s 143 of the Penal Code, the accused argued that he had
not been the aggressor in that case, and that the facts were entirely
different from those in the present appeal.

58 In contrast, the accused argued that the Magistrate placed insufficient
weight on the accused’s evidence that he had been trying to restrain the
victim, despite the fact that the Magistrate had found that the altercation
was triggered by the victim’s initial act of throwing the pool balls, and that
it was reasonable for the accused to “[take] it upon himself to quell the
disturbance”.

59 The accused further submitted that weight should be placed on the fact that
he was only charged on 18 May 2017 even though the incident took place on 12
July 2016. He argued that there was no intelligible reason for the delay in
charging him.

60 The accused therefore urged the court to reduce his sentence to a fine.

The Prosecution’s appeal

61 The Prosecution appealed against the sentenced imposed by the Magistrate on
the basis that the Magistrate failed to:

(a) utilise the maximum penalty prescribed for an offence under  
s 323 of the Penal Code, which is two years’ imprisonment;

(b) apply his mind to determine precisely where the accused’s conduct and the
resulting harm fell within the spectrum of punishment devised by Parliament
despite finding that he had caused “serious injury to the victim”,
demonstrated “sustained aggression”, and “targeted the vulnerable parts of the
victim’s body”; and

(c) give due weight to the aggravating factors, in particular, that Low was a
recalcitrant offender with a record of violence.

62 In its submissions, the Prosecution applied the approach adopted in Public
Prosecutor v BDB [2018] 1 SLR 127 (“BDB”), which pertained to the offence of
voluntarily causing grievous hurt under s 325 of the Penal Code. This approach
has been set out below, at [67] to [69]. The Prosecution extrapolated from the
starting points set out by the Court of Appeal in BDB to proportionately
deduce indicative starting points under s 323.

| Voluntarily causing grievous hurt under s 325 of the Penal Code (BDB at
[56])| Voluntarily causing hurt under s 323 of the Penal Code(proposed by the
Prosecution)  
---|---|---  
Death| Eight years’ imprisonment| 19 months’ imprisonment  
Multiple fractures of the type and gravity as in the sixth charge in BDB|
Three years’ and six months’ imprisonment| Eight months’ imprisonment  
  
63 The Prosecution then argued that the indicative starting point in this case
should be four months’ imprisonment. This was apparently derived through a
comparison with the case of Public Prosecutor v Holman, Benjamin John [2018]
SGHC 237 (“Holman Benjamin John”).

64 In Holman Benjamin John, a first-time offender who pleaded guilty to a s
323 charge was sentenced to two months’ imprisonment on appeal. This involved
an altercation at an MRT platform, in which the accused pushed the victim,
slapped him on the cheek, and punched him multiple times on his face. Some of
these punches were inflicted while the victim was crouching on the ground. The
victim pushed the accused away twice and punched him once during the scuffle,
which lasted a minute or two. The parties were eventually separated by
passers-by. The victim suffered a nasal bone fracture, two 2-cm lacerations
over the nasal bridge and bruising over the left temple. He was also given
seven days’ medical leave. At the material time, the accused was intoxicated
and there were many other commuters at the platform.

65 The Prosecution then argued that as the injuries suffered by the victim in
the present case were more serious than those in Holman Benjamin John, the
appropriate indicative starting point in the present case would be four
months’ imprisonment. Given the accused’s “sustained aggression” and
antecedents, the Prosecution argued that the appropriate sentence would be at
least five months’ imprisonment. According to the Prosecution, this would also
be in line with the sentencing precedents, namely, Cheng Tai Peng, Tey Kok
Peng, Feng Zhangao and Koh Jing Kwang.

Sentencing guidelines for s 323 offences

66 I begin by considering the application of the two-step approach in BDB to s
323 cases.

67 In BDB, the Court of Appeal set out a two-step sentencing approach for
cases involving charges under s 325 of the Penal Code. The first step is to
determine an indicative starting point for sentencing based on the seriousness
of the injury. The seriousness of the injury caused to the victim should be
assessed along a spectrum, having regard to considerations such as the nature
and permanence of the injury. The Court of Appeal also stated that, in
determining the indicative starting point, courts ought to have regard to the
full breadth of the permitted sentencing range, while allowing room for the
sentencing judge to make adjustments based on the offender’s culpability and
other relevant circumstances (BDB at [55], [57] to [59]).

68 Having reviewed precedents in which serious injuries were caused, the Court
of Appeal identified indicative starting points for offences under  
s 325 of the Penal Code, as follows (at [56]):

(a) Causing death: around eight years; and

(b) Causing multiple fractures of the type and gravity as in the sixth charge
in BDB: around three years and six months.

69 At the second step, the indicative starting point should be adjusted either
upwards or downwards based on an assessment of the offender’s culpability and
the presence of relevant aggravating and/or mitigating factors (BDB at [55]).
The Court of Appeal identified a non-exhaustive list of aggravating factors at
[62]. Of relevance to the present case is the manner and duration of the
attack, and the offender’s relevant antecedents. Typical mitigating factors
were also identified at [71] of BDB.

70 The Prosecution argues that the application of the BDB approach to  
s 323 offences is justified because the mischief which both s 323 and s 325
seek to address, as well as their elements, are the same. I note that in BDB
at [56], the Court of Appeal had explained why the hurt caused is a good
indicator of the gravity of a s 325 offence by stating that:

In our judgment, given the inherent mischief that underlies the offence under
s 325, and considering that a more severe sentencing range is prescribed for
this offence (compared to the offence of voluntarily causing simple hurt under

  

s 323) precisely because grievous hurt has been caused, the factor that should
guide the court’s determination of the indicative starting point for
sentencing should be the seriousness of the hurt caused to the victim. …
[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

71 The Court of Appeal had also said (at [55]) that the seriousness of the
injury underscores the inherent mischief targeted by s 325. This is
inapplicable to s 323 offences. Where less serious hurt is concerned, it may
fairly be said that other factors, including those going towards culpability,
may carry greater weight. To an extent, this is consistent with the approach
taken by the courts thus far in setting out sentencing guidance in specific
categories of s 323 offences identified on the basis of factors other than the
severity of hurt. This includes offences against public transport workers
(Wong Hoi Len v Public Prosecutor [2009] 1 SLR(R) 115) and domestic helpers
(Tay Wee Kiat and another v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2018] 4 SLR
1315).

72 While s 325 encompasses a broad spectrum of different forms of grievous
hurt ranging from a simple fracture to death ([56] of BDB), s 323 encompasses
an even broader one ranging from transient bodily pain to death (s 319 of the
Penal Code). This can be contrasted with the lower maximum permissible
punishment provided for under s 323. Under s 323, the imprisonment term
ordered may only extend to two years, while under s 325 it may extend to ten
years. In short, s 323 carries a narrower sentencing range for a wider
spectrum of hurt.

73 I therefore do not think it would be principled to proportionately deduce
indicative starting points for s 323 in the mathematical manner suggested by
the Prosecution. This is underscored by the fact that what would be a
relatively serious injury under s 323 (eg, a simple fracture) would not
necessarily be equally so under the scope of s 325. Fundamentally, the
severity of the hurt must be assessed against the spectrum of offending
behaviour captured by the offence, as well as the full range of sentencing
options.

74 Further, to my mind, there is also a degree of artificiality involved in
setting out indicative starting points for death and multiple fractures as
suggested by the Prosecution. As the accused noted at the appeal before me,
the Court of Appeal had determined the starting points after having reviewed
the relevant precedents. There is greater difficulty in doing so for such
grievous injuries in the s 323 context as it appears that such cases are
usually prosecuted under aggravated versions of this offence, such as s 325 or
s 326.

75 I also do not agree with the manner in which the Prosecution has derived
its indicative starting point for the injuries sustained in the present case,
where there is similarly a dearth of closely analogous precedents. As a matter
of principle, it is not appropriate to attempt to derive an indicative
starting point on the basis of a single case. This is particularly where the
case that the Prosecution relied upon involved vastly different facts. The
case of Holman Benjamin John involved a nasal fracture which was sustained as
a result of an altercation which took place on an MRT platform at rush hour,
and which caused a degree of disruption. The offender in that case was a
first-time offender who had pleaded guilty. It would be inappropriate to
attempt to derive an indicative starting point by analogising solely from
Holman Benjamin John.

76 Given the considerations I have outlined above, a more principled way of
approaching the sentencing of s 323 offences would be to devise sentencing
bands. This would not only give due regard to the full range of sentencing
options, but also allow sufficient room for the sentencing judge to make
adjustments based on the offender’s culpability and other relevant
circumstances (BDB at [59]). The latter consideration is key in s 323 offences
particularly because of the relatively circumscribed sentencing range compared
to the wide spectrum of hurt encapsulated. The sentencing band approach would
also minimise the possible arbitrariness of determining indicative starting
points for specific types of hurt without the assistance of comparable
precedents.

77 I now turn to describe the sentencing framework. In my judgment, it is
appropriate to prescribe three broad sentencing bands providing indicative
sentencing ranges based on the hurt caused by the offence. As a considerable
number of s 323 cases are uncontested, the following bands are for a first-
time offender who pleads guilty:

Band| Hurt caused| Indicative sentencing range  
---|---|---  
1| Low harm: no visible injury or minor hurt such as bruises, scratches, minor
lacerations or abrasions| Fines or short custodial term up to four weeks  
2| Moderate harm: hurt resulting in short hospitalisation or a substantial
period of medical leave, simple fractures, or temporary or mild loss of a
sensory function| Between four weeks’ to six months’ imprisonment  
3| Serious harm: serious injuries which are permanent in nature and/or which
necessitate significant surgical procedures| Between six to 24 months’
imprisonment  
  
78 Appropriate calibrations can be made in situations where offenders have
claimed trial. In sentencing an offender under s 323 of the Penal Code, the
court should therefore undertake a two-step inquiry:

(a) First, the court should identify the sentencing band and where the
particular case falls within the applicable indicative sentencing range by
considering the hurt caused by the offence. This would allow the court to
derive the appropriate indicative starting point.

(b) Next, the court should make the necessary adjustments to the indicative
starting point sentence based on its assessment of the offender’s culpability
as well as all other relevant factors. This may take the eventual sentence out
of the applicable indicative sentencing range. The aggravating and mitigating
factors identified in BDB at [62] to [70] and [71] to [75] respectively are
relevant at this step.

79 For clarity, I should state that at the first step of this inquiry, the
court should only have regard to the actual, and not potential, harm caused by
the offence. This would ensure greater consistency in identifying the
appropriate sentencing band since the potential harm that may be caused must
be inferred from the circumstances of the offending. In contrast, the actual
harm caused is usually readily ascertainable. Further, the factors relating to
harm and culpability often affect both considerations, as the High Court
acknowledged in Public Prosecutor v Yeo Ek Boon Jeffrey and another matter
[2018] 3 SLR 1080 at [60]. In determining the potential harm caused by an
offender, a court must often make an inference on the basis of factors which
would otherwise go to culpability, such as the numbers of offenders involved,
the use or attempted use of a dangerous implement and so on. The risk of
double-counting therefore arises where potential harm is concerned. For
analytical clarity, therefore, it would be preferable for these factors to be
considered at the second step of this inquiry. As always, the sentencing court
should guard against double-counting any factor.

Band 1

80 The first band pertains to “non-aggravated” offences. This includes
offences where even if there is visible injury, the hurt caused is minor, such
as bruises, scratches, minor lacerations or abrasions. In the majority of
these cases, a fine may be appropriate where the offender’s culpability is
found to be low. This is consistent with Sim Yew Thong, which was interpreted
in AOB at [11] as suggesting that a custodial sentence is generally not
imposed for a s 323 offence when (a) the offender’s actions were not
premeditated; (b) the victim’s injuries were minor; and (c) the altercation
lasted for only a short time.

81 I reiterate that the indicative ranges provided are merely starting points.
There may be cases in which minor harm is caused, but where the custodial
threshold is crossed such that a sentence up to or even in excess of four
weeks’ imprisonment may be warranted. This may be due to, for example, a
particular need for deterrence resulting from the offender’s antecedents, the
need to protect a specific category of victim, or where there are factors
indicating a high level of culpability, such as the use of a weapon, or a
premeditated or group attack.

82 The accused cited Wong Jiaxin, in which a fine had been imposed. In that
case, the accused, along with two others, had assaulted the victim, causing
the victim to suffer a perforated right tympanic membrane, a contusion over
the right zygomatic arch, and a swollen right ear with bruising. The victim
was given two days’ medical leave. The accused pleaded guilty and was
sentenced to a fine of $4000. It appears that this was on the basis that the
accused had only hit the victim once, and had apparently done so spontaneously
in an attempt to help his friend. On the specific facts of that case, the
District Judge had concluded at [14] that the perforated ear drum was not a
serious injury because the Prosecution made no mention of it and the medical
report presumably did not indicate otherwise. There is no indication from the
District Judge’s Grounds of Decision that the victim suffered any hearing loss
from this injury. As such, the District Judge observed that the case was “on
the borderline of the custody threshold”. This case therefore fell within Band
1 of the framework.

Band 2

83 This band includes cases in which moderate harm was caused. This would
include simple fractures, temporary or mild loss of hearing or sight. It would
also include injuries that result in hospitalisation for a short time and/or a
substantial period of medical leave.

84 The cases of Cheng Tai Peng, Tey Kok Peng, and Holman Benjamin John,
discussed below, are examples of cases which would fall into Band 2 of the
framework. As I shall explain in due course, the present case falls within
Band 2 as well.

Band 3

85 The third band covers cases in which serious hurt has been caused to the
victim. This would generally include serious injuries of a permanent nature,
or which necessitate significant surgical procedures. For example, this may
include the permanent scarring of the face, permanent loss of sight or
hearing, paralysis, and the loss of life or limb. This would generally be
accompanied by extended periods of hospitalisation or medical leave. Where
there are factors that increase culpability, sentences should be calibrated
upwards from the starting point identified.

86 An example of a case which would fall into Band 3 is Abdul Aziz bin Omar v
Public Prosecutor (Magistrate’s Appeal No 145 of 2000/01), cited in Sentencing
Practice in the Subordinate Courts (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2013) at p 194. In
this case, the offender was unhappy with the victim, his brother, for
revealing information about their family to other people. The offender
confronted the victim and an argument ensued. A struggle took place and the
victim began to kick the offender on his legs. The offender punched the victim
on the face and neck a few times. The victim collapsed, lost consciousness,
and later died in the hospital from “vaso-vagal inhibition due to blow to the
neck”. On appeal, the offender was sentenced to six months’ imprisonment.

87 Koh Jing Kwang was a case which would have fallen within Band 3 given that
the victim had sustained a skull fracture. On appeal, I imposed a sentence of
12 weeks’ imprisonment, which would be outside the indicative sentencing range
for Band 3. This reflected his significantly lower culpability, since I had
held that the accused could not be held to account for the full extent of the
consequences suffered by the victim (at [62]).

My decision

88 The present case falls within Band 2 of the sentencing framework I have set
out above as it involves mild loss of hearing and tinnitus. The next question
is where this case is situated within the applicable indicative sentencing
range. This should be determined with regard to the relative severity of the
hurt sustained as compared to other forms of hurt that would fall within this
band. Regard should also be had to relevant sentencing precedents.

89 The Prosecution argued that, generally, “the impairment of a sensory
function for an indeterminate period is more serious than a simple fracture
which one can recover from”. The Prosecution therefore submitted that an
appropriate starting point would be four months’ imprisonment, higher than the
two months’ imposed in Holman Benjamin John.

90 A nasal bone fracture such as that sustained by the victim in Holman
Benjamin John, would fall within the definition of grievous hurt in s 320(g)
of the Penal Code. On the other hand, given that non-permanent hearing loss is
not a form of grievous hurt, a simple fracture is, generally speaking, more
serious than non-permanent hearing loss. This would accord with the
legislative structure of the Penal Code.

91 The medical reports in this case do not state that the hearing impairment
was permanent. While the hearing impairment was not transient, any doubt as to
the permanence of the harm suffered should be resolved in favour of the
accused. Further, in the present case, the hearing loss suffered was mild. I
accept, however, that the hearing impairment in the present case is not
significantly less severe than the nasal fracture in Holman Benjamin John.
This is on the basis that the hearing loss, while mild, appears irremediable
and for an indeterminate period. In addition, the tinnitus suffered by the
victim appears to have affected her quality of life: for example, by affecting
her sleep. This may be weighed against the fact that a nasal bone fracture
such as that in Holman Benjamin John may be said to be a less severe form of
grievous hurt. That said, as stated above (at [75]), I have reservations about
how useful Holman Benjamin John is as a reference point, given the vastly
different circumstances under which the offence had taken place.

92 Tey Kok Peng, which the Magistrate described as a relevant precedent, was a
case that would have fallen within the middle of Band 2. This case involved
two co-accused persons who punched and kicked the victim on his back and head
while the latter was on the ground. The victim suffered a left orbital
fracture as a result of the accused’s punch, amongst other injuries (see GD at
[61]). The accused in Tey Kok Peng pleaded guilty, had no similar antecedents,
and was sentenced to three months’ imprisonment. In my opinion, this was a
more serious injury than the hearing impairment in the present case as the
fracture had been sustained in a particularly vulnerable part of the body (ie,
the eye).

93 In Cheng Tai Peng, the offence occurred on an MRT train. The accused had
pushed the victim aside with the intention of occupying a seat which was going
to be vacated. The victim expressed his unhappiness at having been pushed. The
accused then slapped the victim on the face, over the left ear, suddenly and
forcefully. He also hit the victim on the eye and nose. After a short pause,
in which the victim moved to another part of the railway carriage, the accused
again assaulted the victim by kicking and punching him. The victim suffered a
perforation of the left ear drum, a haematoma over the left cartilaginous
portion of the victim’s left ear, some retinal bleeding and abrasions over the
nose. The accused, who was a first offender, claimed trial and was sentenced
to 10 weeks’ imprisonment. In view of the hurt caused as well as the level of
violence used, with respect, I do not think the sentence imposed was adequate.

94 Having regard to the precedents considered above as well as the range of
hurt encapsulated within Band 2, this case falls within the bottom half of
Band 2. The indicative starting point in this case would be between two to
three months’ imprisonment. This would appropriately reflect the fact that the
victim’s hearing impairment, while persistent, was also mild. It appears the
victim had no problems giving evidence at the trial without the assistance of
a hearing aid. On the other hand, the victim also suffered from persistent
tinnitus, and there was evidence that this had affected her sleep, at least at
one point.

95 For completeness, I should state that I did not find the cases of Feng
Zhangao, Koh Jing Kwang or Wong Jiaxin particularly helpful in the present
case. Feng Zhangao was a case which involved unique facts: the accused had
bitten off the victim’s left ear lobe. As the court did not furnish reasons
for its decision in that case, its utility is rather limited. Further, Koh
Jing Kwang and Wong Jiaxin were cases that fell into Bands 3 and 1
respectively, and were therefore also not relevant reference points.

96 I turn now to the second step of the framework I have set out above. At
this stage, the indicative sentence should be adjusted having regard to the
offender’s culpability, as well as all relevant aggravating and mitigating
factors.

97 First, I consider the manner and duration of the attack, which was
identified as a relevant aggravating factor in BDB at [64]. Here, the injury
had been caused by a single (albeit hard) slap. The Prosecution argued that
the accused’s “sustained aggression” was part of the immediate circumstances
of the offence, and therefore had sufficient nexus to the commission of the
offence (Chua Siew Peng v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2017] 4 SLR
1247 at [81] and [84]). It was therefore submitted that this should be taken
into account in sentencing.

98 On the other hand, the accused submitted that any purported sustained
aggression cannot be given weight because this would essentially be to take
into account uncharged offending. I am of the view that the accused’s
subsequent acts of aggression, including the second time he grabbed the
victim’s neck, can be taken into account. This is because they took place
shortly after the offence had been committed, and can properly be seen as part
of the same altercation. Further, the accused’s subsequent aggressive
behaviour did reflect on the accused’s culpability in so far as it indicated
that the offence took place within a longer episode of aggressive behaviour. I
am also aware, however, that these acts need to be seen in their proper
context. In this case, the victim had also acted in an aggressive manner.
Indeed, the victim admitted that she wanted to retaliate against the accused.
The CCTV footage also clearly shows that the victim had thrown a pool ball in
the accused’s direction. Therefore, while the accused’s actions were certainly
disproportionate and unwarranted, there was also an element of provocation by
the victim.

99 Moreover, while the accused had grabbed the victim’s neck twice throughout
the entire altercation, it was not disputed that the victim was able to break
free. She also testified that she was able to do so quite quickly the second
time. Assessed as a whole, the level of violence used by the accused, while
disproportionate on the facts, was not exceedingly high, especially when
compared to Cheng Tai Peng, Tey Kok Peng and Holman Benjamin John, cited
above.

100 Another aggravating factor is the accused’s violence-related antecedents
(BDB at [69]). The only recent one occurred in 2014, where he had been
convicted of an offence under s 143 of the Penal Code and sentenced to three
weeks’ imprisonment. The accused had argued that his antecedents should not be
given significant weight because the facts in the present appeal were unique,
and he had intervened only because of the perceived aggression of and danger
from the victim. I do not agree. To my mind, the accused’s antecedents
demonstrated a propensity for violence. The facts of the present case were not
so unique as to displace the relevance of his antecedents, which demonstrated
a heightened need for specific deterrence. As the s 143 conviction dated
merely two years before the present offence, a substantial uplift from his
last sentence of three weeks’ imprisonment would be appropriate.

101 I note that while the Prosecution had not challenged the accused’s claim
to have reimbursed the victim for all her medical expenses before he was even
charged, this would in any event not be a significant mitigating factor. This
was because any restitution would have been weak evidence of remorse,
particularly since the accused had gone on to claim trial. The accused has not
suggested otherwise.

102 Finally, while the accused suggested that there had been a delay in
prosecution, any such delay was not inordinate: less than a year elapsed
between the time the offence took place and the preferring of charges.

103 Balancing these factors, I agree with the Prosecution that the sentence
imposed was manifestly inadequate. I conclude that a more appropriate sentence
would be four months’ imprisonment.

104 I therefore allow the Prosecution’s appeal and enhance the accused’s
sentence accordingly.

The appeal against the compensation order

105 The Magistrate had exercised his discretion under s 359 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) in imposing a compensation order
in the sum of $800. This was to provide for the possibility that the victim
might procure a hearing aid. The accused has appealed against this order on
the basis that it was wrong in law.

106 The law in this area is clear. Section 359 CPC imposes an obligation upon
a court before which an offender is convicted to consider whether or not to
order compensation and to make such an order if it considers it appropriate to
do so (Tay Wee Kiat and another v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2018]
5 SLR 438 (“Tay Wee Kiat”) at [6]).

107 The relevant principles for the exercise of the court’s discretion were
set out in Tay Wee Kiat at [6] to [11] and Soh Meiyun v Public Prosecutor
[2014] 3 SLR 299 at [56] to [60]. First, compensation orders are not intended
to punish offenders but instead to allow a victim to recover compensation
where a civil suit is an inadequate or impractical remedy. This includes, but
is not confined to, cases where the victim is impecunious. Second,
compensation should only be ordered in clear cases where the fact and extent
of damage are either agreed, or readily and easily ascertainable on the
evidence. Third, the court should adopt a broad common-sense approach in
assessing whether compensation should be awarded, and not allow itself to be
enmeshed in “refined questions of causation” (Tay Wee Kiat at [9], citing
Public Prosecutor v Donohue Enilia [2005] 1 SLR(R) 220 (“Donohue Enilia”) at
[22]). The court should be able to say, with a high degree of confidence, that
the damage in question has been caused by the offence under circumstances
which would ordinarily entitle the victim to damages. Fourth, the amount of
compensation ordered should not exceed what would be reasonably obtainable in
civil proceedings, and the order should only be made in respect of the injury
which results from the offence for which the offender is convicted. Fifth, the
order should not be oppressive, and the court must be satisfied that the
accused will have the means to pay it within a reasonable time.

108 The accused submitted that the Magistrate had erred in law in imposing the
compensation order. His arguments were threefold.

109 First, the quantum of compensation was derived based on the figures as set
out in the 14 May memorandum by Dr Ho. However, the 14 May memorandum did not
provide any estimate of the actual cost of treatment for the victim, but
merely provided an illustrative figure for the estimated cost of a mid-range
hearing aid. This is inadequate as the type of hearing aid which would be
suitable was not determined.

110 Second, it is uncertain whether a hearing aid is necessary. The victim’s
hearing loss is “very mild”. The victim had had no problems testifying in
court without the hearing aid, and had not obtained a hearing aid in the two
years following the offence. As such, the accused submits that the extent of
the victim’s injuries and her likely expenses are speculative, and that the
compensation order was made arbitrarily and without sufficient evidence.

111 Third, the accused urged the court to consider the fact that he had, with
the assistance of KG Pearl, reimbursed the victim for all medical expenses
incurred before he had even been charged.

112 On the other hand, the Prosecution argued that the Magistrate had not
erred in making the order. First, the Prosecution argued that the victim
belongs to a class of victims for whom it is impractical to commence a civil
suit. This is because the victim is not resident in Singapore, and there is
some evidence of her impecuniosity. Second, the damage suffered by the victim
was readily and easily ascertainable: the Magistrate was entitled to consider
the typical cost of treatment which the victim would have to undergo to treat
her condition. This was particularly since the use of the hearing aid was the
only effective treatment for the victim’s conditions. Third, the compensation
order was not oppressive on the accused, who was not impecunious.

My decision

113 In my opinion, the Magistrate did not exercise his discretion on
demonstrably wrong principles and appellate intervention in relation to the
compensation order is not warranted in this case: Donohue Enilia at [40],
citing Kee Leong Bee and another v Public Prosecutor [1999] 2 SLR(R) 768 at
[21].

114 The main issue for consideration in the present case is whether the extent
of damage is readily and easily quantifiable. The 14 May memorandum only
provides estimates as to how much a mid-range hearing aid would cost on
average, and the type of hearing aid suitable for the victim can only be
determined with a Hearing Aid Evaluation appointment with an audiologist. The
use of a hearing aid may be the only effective treatment for the victim’s
conditions, but there is no suggestion that a hearing aid was strictly
necessary, or even desired by the victim. The Magistrate appears to have
accounted for any uncertainty in this regard by ordering a lower quantum than
that which was suggested in the 14 May memorandum. While the memorandum
suggests that the cost of operating a mid-range hearing aid for five years is
approximately $2,751, the Magistrate only made a compensation order for $800.
In my opinion, this amount was somewhat arbitrarily derived, and the
Magistrate did not provide reasons for how he came to award this sum.

115 Before the Magistrate, the Prosecution submitted that “the cost of
treatment could be a useful proxy to quantify the victim’s loss of amenity”.
While I accept that compensation is often ordered on a rough-and-ready basis,
I am not persuaded that it was correct in principle for compensation to be
justified in this manner in the present case, where treatment may not be
undertaken, and where the cost of such treatment is also uncertain. It would
have been more appropriate, in my view, to account for the victim’s hearing
loss and tinnitus by ordering compensation on the grounds of pain and
suffering. This would also be consistent with the approach of the court in Tay
Wee Kiat.

116 In Tay Wee Kiat, the court had regard to the Guidelines for the Assessment
of General Damages in Personal Injury Cases (Academy Publishing, 2010) and the
Practitioners’ Library – Assessment of Damages: Personal Injuries and Fatal
Accidents (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2017). The former publication recommends $4,000
to $8,000 for “slight or occasional tinnitus with slight hearing loss” (at p
12). This is not inconsistent with the sums awarded by the courts for loss of
hearing (ranging from $3,000 to $20,000) and a perforated eardrum ($5,000,
agreed by the parties), indicated in the latter at p 148.

117 Even taking the lower end of the range, at $4,000, particularly since the
tinnitus is described as “persistent”, the order of $800 would seem to be much
too modest. However, I note that the Prosecution has not appealed against the
compensation order made by the Magistrate, and had further left the matter to
his discretion in the proceedings below, making no reference to any other
materials for guidance in quantifying the compensation amount.

118 In the circumstances, putting aside any disagreements I may have with the
basis for the compensation order and the actual quantum, I do not think it
necessary to interfere with the order made in the present case. I therefore
dismiss the accused’s appeal against the compensation order made by the
Magistrate.

Conclusion

119 For the above reasons, I dismiss the accused’s appeals. I allow the
Prosecution’s appeal and enhance the accused’s imprisonment term to four
months.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Ngiam Hian Theng, Diana, Sunil Sudheesan and Joel Ng for the appellant in MA
9240/2018/01 and the respondent in MA 9240/2018/02;  
Hay Hung Chun and Sheryl Yeo for the respondent  
in MA 9240/2018/01 and the appellant in MA 9240/2018/02.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

