Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 36

HC/Suit No 119 of 2018

(HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 6 of 2019)

Between

Qroi Limited

… Plaintiff

And

(1) Ian Pascoe

(2) Grant Thornton Advisory Services Co, Ltd

… Defendants

Grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] – [Striking out]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Qroi Ltd

  

v

  

Pascoe, Ian and another

[2019] SGHC 36

High Court — HC/Suit No 119 of 2018 (HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 6 of 2019)  
Choo Han Teck J  
29 January 2019; 31 January 2019

21 February 2019

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is the first defendant’s appeal against the learned Assistant Registrar
Norine Tan Yan Ling’s (“AR Tan”) dismissal of the first defendant’s
application to strike out the plaintiff’s claim. The plaintiff is a company
incorporated in Hong Kong, providing end-to-end technical services and
technology solutions to mobile operators in Southeast Asia. The second
defendant, is a company incorporated in Myanmar. The first defendant, is the
managing partner of the second defendant and six other Thailand-incorporated
entitles bearing the “Grant Thornton” brand name.

2 The plaintiff commenced this action against the defendants for the non-
payment of services delivered pursuant to a letter of intent dated 19 August
2016 (“the Agreement”). The plaintiff’s claim against the first defendant is
based on a breach of warranty of authority. The essence of the plaintiff’s
claim is that the first defendant represented that he was acting on behalf of
a Grant Thornton entity in Thailand (“Grant Thornton Thailand”) when he
negotiated and executed the Agreement. In reliance of the first defendant’s
warranty of authority, the plaintiff entered into the Agreement. Subsequently,
when the plaintiff demanded payment from Grant Thornton Thailand under the
Agreement, the first defendant demurred and said that he was acting on behalf
of the second defendant, who is the proper party to the Agreement, and not
Grant Thornton Thailand.

3 On 12 November 2018, the first defendant applied to strike out the
plaintiff’s action. The application was dismissed by AR Tan on the basis that
the threshold for striking out was not met and the issues should be tested at
trial. The first defendant appealed before me against AR Tan’s decision. In
support of the first defendant’s application for striking out, counsel for the
first defendant, Mr Jordan Tan, raised two arguments that the plaintiff’s
statement of claim disclosed no reasonable cause of action (O 18 r 19(1)(a)
Rules of Court) or was frivolous and vexatious (O 18 r 19(1)(b) Rules of
Court).

4 First, Mr Tan argued that since the first defendant had the authority to act
for all the Grant Thornton Thailand entities and the second defendant, the
plaintiff had no cause of action for a breach of warranty of authority because
the plaintiff failed to identify any entity for which the first defendant had
no authority to act in the plaintiff’s statement of claim. In essence, Mr Tan
submitted that “this is not a dispute about authority but a dispute about the
proper party to the [Agreement]”. Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Kenneth Lim,
argued that the plaintiff’s statement of claim had pleaded the necessary
elements for an action for a breach of warranty. Mr Tan cited numerous cases
and argued that the law supports his case but I think they do not, for the
issues in those cases were determined only after trial. In any event, even if
the law is presently on his side so far as the proper parties’ issue is
concerned, the plaintiff is entitled to challenge that law or the application
of it. So long as the court may still disagree with current judicial thinking,
the plaintiff is entitled to have his action proceeded. The principle here is
simple — if Newcastle United can beat Manchester City in the English Premier
League, anything can happen.

5 Secondly, citing the English decision of Rainbow v Howkins [1904] 2 KB 322,
Mr Tan raised the alternative argument that the plaintiff cannot claim against
the first defendant for the loss suffered arising from the non-performance of
the Agreement because an agent is not responsible for loss caused by his
principal’s non-performance. On the contrary, relying on the case of Fong Maun
Yee v Yoong Weng Ho Robert [1997] 1 SLR(R) 751, Mr Lim submitted that the
first defendant is liable for the loss caused to the plaintiff as a result of
the first defendant’s breach of his warranty of authority which the plaintiff
relied upon. The first defendant’s case is dependent on the fact that he was
acting as the agent of the second defendant, a fact that the plaintiff
challenges. This is a serious and reasonable challenge that ought to be fully
ventilated in the open trial.

6 The plaintiff’s case should only be struck out in a plain and obvious case
or if it was clearly unsustainable. The threshold for striking out is high,
and even if the plaintiff’s claim seems weak, but so long as there are issues
of fact and law that need to be proven, no claim should be struck out without
trial. In my view, the plaintiff’s claim here is a reasonable one, and if
proved, it should be granted the relief it seeks. That is what the trial is
for. This appeal is therefore dismissed with costs reserved to the trial
judge.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Kenneth Lim and Mehaerun Simaa (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for Plaintiff;  
Tan Zhengxian, Jordan (Cavenagh Law LLP) for First Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

