Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 278

Suit No 850 of 2017

Between

| Neo Aik Soo  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Neo Geek Kuan  
---|---  
(2)| Neo Aik Siong  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Trusts] — [Resulting trusts] — [Presumed resulting trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Neo Aik Soo

  

v

  

Neo Geek Kuan and another

[2019] SGHC 278

High Court — Suit No 850 of 2017  
Mavis Chionh JC  
21–24, 28–29 May 2019; 29 July 2019, 10 September 2019

29 November 2019

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi JC:

Introduction

1 The Plaintiff and the two Defendants in this case are siblings. The 2nd
Defendant (Neo Aik Siong) and the Plaintiff (Neo Aik Soo) are, respectively,
the eldest and second eldest of the twelve siblings in their family. Both are
septuagenarians. The 1st Defendant (Neo Geek Kuan) is the fourth eldest
sibling in the family. The dispute in this case centred on the beneficial
ownership of a shophouse at 34 / 34A / 34B Keong Saik Road (“the Property”).
It was not disputed that the Property had been registered in the 1st
Defendant’s name since its purchase in June 1991. It was also common ground
that the 1st Defendant was only the legal owner and that she did not have
beneficial ownership of the Property. The Plaintiff’s case was that he was the
beneficial owner of the Property and that the 1st Defendant held it on trust
for him, whereas the Defendants alleged that it was the 2nd Defendant who was
the beneficial owner of the Property and that the 1st Defendant held it on
trust for him.

2 At the end of the trial, I found in favour of the Plaintiff. As the
Defendants have appealed, I set out below the reasons for my decision. I start
by summarising the key aspects of the Plaintiff’s and the Defendants’ cases
and the evidence adduced in support of each side’s case.

The Plaintiff’s case

3 The Plaintiff’s case was that he was the beneficial owner of the Property as
he had paid for the full purchase price with his own funds. He had asked the
1st Defendant to hold it in her name, on trust for him, because at the point
of purchasing the Property, he was working as a broker engaged in “high value
trades for high net worth individuals” and had concerns about shielding his
assets from creditors in the event any of these trades “went badly” and
exposed him to personal liability. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

[21] and [53] of the Plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”).

The Plaintiff has enjoyed considerable financial success over the years; and
the purchase of the Property was one of a number of property investments he
has made.

The Plaintiff’s personal background

4 The Plaintiff’s financial success was derived largely from the “very high
fees” he had generated as a broker servicing high net-worth individuals and
companies “over many years” since the 1960s, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

[19]-[22] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

as well as substantial lottery winnings ($400,000) in 1973 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

[23] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC and exhibit NAS-4 at p 72 of the Vol 1 of the
Joint Bundle of AEICs (1 JBAEIC-72).

and his own investments. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

[34] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

In 1972, the Plaintiff decided to start investing in real estate as a means of
“beat[ing] inflation and… multiply[ing] [his] yield”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

[24] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

He started with the purchase of a property at 64 Medway Drive, Singapore in
1972. This became his matrimonial home after he and his wife (“Lai Wah”) moved
out of the home at 446 Upper Paya Lebar Road which he had previously shared
with his parents and siblings. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

[24]-[25] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

5 As his parents were unhappy with his moving out of the family home, the
Plaintiff made a promise to them that he would continue to take care of his
siblings even after moving out. According to the Plaintiff’s younger brother
Neo Aik Kheng (“Aik Kheng”), although the 2nd Defendant was the eldest
sibling, it was the Plaintiff who had always been regarded as the head of the
family since the death of their father in 1974. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

[7]-[10] of Aik Kheng’s AEIC.

Inter alia, it was the Plaintiff who provided his siblings with money whenever
they needed it. This included, for example, paying for renovations to Aik
Keng’s flat and financing his (Aik Kheng’s) daughter’s university education
overseas. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

[9] of Aik Kheng’s AEIC.

6 In 1980, the Plaintiff purchased another property at 20 Lorong K, Telok
Kurau, Singapore (“20 Lorong K”). He purchased this property for the use of
his mother and siblings, as the family home at 446 Upper Paya Lebar Road had
been compulsorily acquired by the Government by then. The Plaintiff paid for
the purchase price of $320,000 with his own monies. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

[28] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

The conveyance of the property was effected on 29 March 1980; 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1 JBAEIC 75.

and it was registered jointly in his and Aik Kheng’s name. The Plaintiff
stated that he had included Aik Kheng’s name so as to help him in his business
by ensuring that he had a property in his name to “prove [his] credit”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

[31] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

Aik Kheng too confirmed that he himself did not contribute any funds and that
the purchase was made entirely with the Plaintiff’s monies. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

[15]-[17] of Aik Kheng’s AEIC.

The Plaintiff subsequently sold 20 Lorong K in December 1983 for $2,120,470.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

[32] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

7 It was also in 1983 that the Plaintiff acquired a “’clean shelf’ company”
which he renamed Medway Investments Pte Ltd (“Medway Investments”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

[27] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

This was done with a view to using the company as a vehicle for acquiring and
holding properties for his own benefit and that of his wife and children. His
wife Lai Wah was the majority shareholder of Medway Investments, with 55% of
the shares, while he himself held 20% of the shares. He also gave 20% of the
shares to Aik Kheng and 5% to the 2nd Defendant as a token of his thanks to
them for “the various things that both of them had done for [him] in the
past”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

[27(b)] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

Although the 2nd Defendant was formally appointed as Chairman and as a
director alongside their youngest brother Neo Chin Chai (“Chin Chai”) and Lai
Wah, all investment decisions in Medway Investments were made by the Plaintiff
and Lai Wah: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

[27(d)] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

at most, the 2nd Defendant might make recommendations to them on potential
investments.

8 Over the years, the Plaintiff continued to trade in shares and to invest in
properties. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

[33]- [34] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

He sold some of the properties purchased within a relatively short time-span;
some were redeveloped before being sold; and he also retained some as
residences for family members and for himself.

The Plaintiff’s relationship with the 2nd Defendant

9 In the course of his investment activities, the Plaintiff got the 2nd
Defendant to assist him with various administrative matters such as liaising
with tenants, sellers and/or buyers of properties; managing repairs and
renovation works at these properties; and collecting rent from tenants. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

[35] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

The Plaintiff paid the 2nd Defendant pocket money for helping with these
tasks. He also let the 2nd Defendant act as his agent in various property
transactions so that the latter would be able to earn commissions. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

[69] of the Plaintiff’s 2nd affidavit dated 1 December 2017 at p 100 of the
Plaintiff’s Bundle of Interlocutory Documents (“PBID”).

10 The Plaintiff explained that he got the 2nd Defendant to assist with such
tasks as he felt he could trust the 2nd Defendant, who was his older brother,
and who was also able to communicate easily with tenants and property owners
because of his proficiency in Hokkien and Teochew. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

[18] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

In addition, he wanted a way of helping the 2nd Defendant who had not been
successful in the businesses he had tried his hand at and who frequently
racked up debts. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

[38]-[40] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

11 Typically, according to the Plaintiff, the 2nd Defendant would render
“statements of account” to him showing the amounts of cash he had taken or
drawn from the bank; the amounts expended on various expenses related to his
errands for the Plaintiff (for example, stamp fees and postage); and the
deductions he had made for personal expenses such as food and transport. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

[44(c)] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC and exhibit NAS-11 at 1 JBAEIC 101-104.

The two of them met up almost daily to go through this “accounting” process
and to discuss other issues. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

[71] of the Plaintiff’s 2nd affidavit dated 1 December 2017 at PBID 101.

The purchase of the Property

12 Sometime in 1991, the 2nd Defendant informed the Plaintiff of the shophouse
located at 34 / 34A / 34B Keong Saik Road and suggested that he consider
buying the Property. Although the Property was in a dingy area known as a red-
light district, it was close to the central business district and had
potential to grow in value. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

[49]-[50] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

The Plaintiff decided to purchase the Property and to hold it for some time.

13 The Plaintiff left it to the 2nd Defendant to negotiate with the vendors of
the Property. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

[52] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

The purchase price for the Property was agreed at $370,000. At this point, the
Plaintiff had “more than enough funds” to purchase the Property as he was then
enjoying “a fair amount of liquidity”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

[51] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

He paid the purchase price of $370,000 from his own funds as follows:

(a) First, he paid the initial 10% deposit of $37,000 on 25 March 1991 with
funds from an OCBC account (account number 503-031-494-001). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

[60(a)] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC and exhibit NAS-16 at 1 JBAEIC 136-137.

This was an account in the joint names of the Plaintiff, Aik Kheng and the 1st
Defendant, which parties referred to as “OCBC Account 1” in the course of the
trial. Although it was held jointly in the three names, the Plaintiff’s
evidence was that the monies in the account came from him; and Aik Kheng
confirmed that this was so. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

[19] of Aik Kheng’s AEIC.

(b) Next, the balance of $331,438-13 was also paid by the Plaintiff – this
time, via a cashier’s order drawn on OCBC Account 1 on 20 June 1991. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

[60(b)] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC and exhibit NAS-17 at 1 JBAEIC 139-141.

(c) Finally, in respect of the sum of $1,497-50 paid to the vendors’
solicitors M/s JS Yeh & Co, this was paid by the Plaintiff via a cashier’s
order dated 20 June 1991 which he gave the 2nd Defendant cash to apply for. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

[60(c)] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC and exhibit NAS-18 at 1 JBAEIC 143-144.

14 It should be noted that while the 2nd Defendant conceded that the funds for
the purchase price of $370,000 had come from OCBC Account 1 (the bank account
held in the joint names of the Plaintiff, the 1st Defendant and Aik Kheng), he
denied that the funds in OCBC Account 1 came from the Plaintiff. Instead, the
2nd Defendant advanced at trial a narrative which depicted their entire family
– the Neo family – as having been engaged in making substantial investments in
properties and other assets; and he claimed that the monies in OCBC Account 1
came from monies made by the Neo family in one of these property transactions.
I will elaborate on the 2nd Defendant’s narrative when I deal with the
Defendants’ evidence in the next section of these written grounds.

15 Although the Plaintiff was paying for the purchase of the Property and
intended to hold it as his own investment, he decided to put the Property in
the 1st Defendant’s name and to ask her to hold it on his behalf. He decided
on this course of action 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

[53] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

because he was concerned that should any of the high-value trades he was
carrying out as a broker go badly and expose him to personal liability, he
should be able to “shield” some of his assets from creditors. Being able to
“shield” some of his assets from creditors was important because at that point
in time, he was financially responsible for supporting not just his wife and
children but also his mother and siblings. He asked the 1st Defendant to hold
the Property on trust for him because he trusted her, was close to her, and
believed that her unmarried status would preclude the possibility of a spouse
or children trying to lay claim to the Property. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See transcript of 23 May 2019 at p 131 line 23 to p 132 line 7.

16 Once the sale was agreed, the Plaintiff left it to the 2nd Defendant to
arrange for all the documentation. The Plaintiff trusted the 2nd Defendant and
did not check up on what he was doing. He did not even ask to see the sale and
purchase agreement (“SPA”). It was only in the course of these proceedings
that he discovered that the 2nd Defendant had named himself as the purchaser
of the Property in the Sale and Purchase agreement (“SPA”). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

[57] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC and exhibit NAS-14 at 1 JBAEIC 129-132.

In cross-examination, the Plaintiff agreed that the SPA was an important
conveyancing document, but asserted that to him, the name in which a property
was registered would be more important than the SPA. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

See transcript of 21 May 2019 at p 166 lines 18 to 22.

Since he had arranged for the Property to be registered in the 1st Defendant’s
name, and since he was also collecting rent from the Property, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

See transcript of 21 May 2019 at p 175 line 23 to p 176 line 3.

he had not found it necessary to ask for a copy of the SPA in the 27 years
following the purchase.

17 Apart from helping the Plaintiff arrange for the purchase, the 2nd
Defendant also assisted him in arranging for maintenance and repair works for
the Property – just as he had done for other properties owned by the
Plaintiff. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

[87] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

Just as he had done for the other properties, the 2nd Defendant would report
to the Plaintiff the various matters he was arranging for – such as engaging
contractors and applying for permits – and would also claim from the Plaintiff
reimbursement of expenses incurred in making these arrangements. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

[87] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

In this connection, Aik Kheng too testified that he recalled a number of
instances when the Plaintiff instructed the 2nd Defendant to collect rent and
do other things on his behalf vis-à-vis the Property. According to Aik Keng,
the 2nd Defendant would bring the Plaintiff various bills and invoices
relating to the Property in order to seek reimbursement. These would generally
be bills or invoices for “things like maintenance and upkeep of the Property”;
and Aik Kheng would observe the Plaintiff paying the 2nd Defendant. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

[24(c)] of Aik Kheng’s AEIC.

18 The Plaintiff testified that the expenses he bore in relation to the
Property included the costs of renovations, all of which he recalled paying
for to the tune of some $300,000. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See transcript of 21 May 2019 at p 102 line 2 to p 106 line 4.

Subsequently, the Plaintiff left it to the 2nd Defendant to find tenants for
the Property. Most of the time the rental was collected by the 2nd Defendant,
who was accountable to the Plaintiff for the amounts collected. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

[54] of the Plaintiff’s 4th affidavit dated 16 January 2018 at PBID 205.

The Plaintiff himself also collected the rental from time to time. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

[83]-[86] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC and exhibit NAS-25 at 1 JBAEIC 289-290.

OCBC Account 2

19 In giving evidence of having paid for the renovations to the Property, the
Plaintiff stated that the funds for these renovations came from a bank account
referred to as “OCBC Account 2”, and that it was he who had given the 2nd
Defendant approval to draw the funds from this account for this purpose.
According to the Plaintiff, the background to the setting-up of OCBC Account 2
and his use of the funds in it was as follows.

20 Sometime in September or October 1993, the Plaintiff discovered that the
2nd Defendant had obtained overdraft facilities from OCBC by using the
Property as security and getting the 1st Defendant to sign the necessary
papers. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

[70] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC and exhibit NAS-21 at 1 JBAEIC 167-172 .

This was OCBC account number 503-052730-001, which parties referred to during
the trial as OCBC Account 2. The overdraft limit was $530,000. The 2nd
Defendant had obtained the overdraft facilities in March 1993 and had been
making use of them without the Plaintiff’s knowledge and consent. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

[70] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

Indeed, as at 31 August 1993, the overdraft limit had nearly been reached,
with the account showing a negative balance of -$$528,013-35. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Exhibit NAS-22 at 1 JBAEIC 183.

21 The Plaintiff testified that when he found out the Property had been used
to secure these overdraft facilities, he confronted the 1st Defendant and
warned her not to do it again without his consent. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

See transcript of 21 May 2019 at p 94 line 22 to p 95 line 14.

He was not that angry with her, though, because she was his younger sister
after all. The Plaintiff also confronted the 2nd Defendant who apologised,
claiming that he had needed the money to buy art pieces and to invest in
properties in China. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

[73] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

Although the Plaintiff was upset, he also forgave the 2nd Defendant. In any
event, the Plaintiff himself realised it would be useful having these
overdraft facilities available. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

[74] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

By way of “a compromise”, therefore, he asked the 2nd Defendant to “give” the
overdraft account to him. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

[74] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

The 2nd Defendant agreed; and from that point on (September or October 1993),
OCBC Account 2 was treated as the Plaintiff’s.

22 The Plaintiff explained that he did not bother to get the overdraft
facility transferred to his name because it would have taken time to re-apply
for the bank’s approval, and he would also have had to incur lawyers’ fees. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See transcript of 21 May 2019 at p 129 line 17 to p 130 line 7.

As far as he was concerned, as OCBC Account 2 belonged to him from sometime in
late 1993 onwards, the 2nd Defendant would typically hand over to him the bank
statements for this account, as well as the cheque-books containing pre-signed
blank cheques 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

See transcript of 21 May 2019 at p 139 lines 19 to 25.

and pre-signed blank “transfer forms”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

See transcript of 21 May 2019 at p 100 line 19 to p 101 line 2.

Although the account remained in the 2nd Defendant’s name, all monies
deposited into and withdrawn from this account were treated as the
Plaintiff’s. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

[74] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

According to the Plaintiff, this could be seen from the fact – for example –
that between October 1993 and January 1994, he was the one making all the
major deposits into OCBC Account 2, amounting to a total sum of $3,231,243-22.
53

##### Foot Note 53

×

[76]-[78] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

By 11 January 1994, the overdraft balance had been reduced to -$25,631-42. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

[78] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC and exhibit NAS-22 at 1 JBAEIC 191.

23 The Plaintiff’s assertion that he was given pre-signed blank cheques and
blank “transfer forms” was not refuted by the 2nd Defendant. Indeed, in his
evidence, the 2nd Defendant stated that the Plaintiff had been using OCBC
Account 2 since sometime in 1993 and that he himself had pre-signed blank OCBC
debit slips at the Plaintiff’s request, for use in transferring funds out of
OCBC Account 2. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

[213]-[214] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

It was also not disputed that the 2nd Defendant signed mandates which provided
for the Plaintiff to operate the account directly. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Exhibit NAS-24 at 1 JBAEIC 248; also 2 JBAEIC 410-411.

However, the 2nd Defendant insisted that OCBC Account 2 was his “personal bank
account” 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

[210] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

and remained as such throughout. As stated earlier, it was the 2nd Defendant’s
position that the monies in OCBC Account 1 were “Neo family monies” and not
the Plaintiff’s monies. According to the 2nd Defendant, he had taken a loan
from these “Neo family monies” to pay for the purchase of the Property. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

[163]-[166] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

According to the 2nd Defendant, he had repaid this loan on 12 January 1994 by
transferring a sum of $400,000 from OCBC Account 2 (which he claimed was his
“personal” account) to OCBC Account 1. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

[217] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

24 It will be seen that the 2nd Defendant’s narrative was diametrically
opposed to the Plaintiff’s evidence. Firstly, the Plaintiff rejected entirely
the existence of any “Neo family monies” or “Neo family assets”; he was
adamant that he had paid for the purchase of the Property with his own funds
from OCBC Account 1. The transfer of $400,000 from OCBC Account 2 to OCBC
Account 1 on 12 January was a transfer which he had effected and which did not
represent any repayment of loan by the 2nd Defendant. He could not recall
exactly what he had used the $400,000 for but was sure that it had been “100
per cent… for own use, nothing to do with [the 2nd Defendant]”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

See transcript of 22 May 2019 at p 47 lines 2 to 17.

As he put it in his AEIC: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

[75] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

Aik Siong [the 2nd Defendant] agrees that the alleged “repayment in January
1994 was in fact a transfer which I made from OCBC Account 2 to OCBC Account
1. Since these were my own monies, this cannot constitute any alleged
‘repayment’ of any alleged loan taken from me.

25 Secondly as noted earlier, the Plaintiff’s evidence was that he had
authorised the 2nd Defendant to use the funds in OCBC Account 2 to pay for the
renovations to the Property. The 2nd Defendant, on the other hand, claimed
that the overdraft facilities in OCBC Account 2 were obtained by him to pay
for these renovations. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

[210] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

26 Thirdly, as noted earlier, the rental for the Property was collected by the
Plaintiff and the 2nd Defendant. It was not disputed that most – if not all -
of the rental collected from the tenant was deposited into OCBC Account 2. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

[83] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

Naturally, the Plaintiff asserted that this was because OCBC Account 2 was
really his account, whereas the 2nd Defendant claimed that it was because OCBC
Account 2 was his. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

[193] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

27 Finally, while the Plaintiff and the 2nd Defendant were agreed that
property tax on the Property had been paid via GIRO from OCBC Account 2 at
least since 1996 (after the Property was tenanted out), they disagreed on
whether these GIRO payments represented payments by the Plaintiff or by the
2nd Defendant. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

See transcript of 21 May 2019 at p 176 line 4 to p 180 line 3.

Each claimed that the OCBC Account 2 was his and that he was the one who had
paid for property tax.

The extension of the lease in 2015

28 Sometime in 2015, the Plaintiff began thinking of selling the Property. He
told both the 1st and the 2nd Defendants about his intention to sell. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

[79] of the Plaintiff’s 2nd affidavit dated 4 December 2017 at PBID 102.

Pursuant to that intention, he began negotiations in 2015 with the then tenant
(one Ong Geok Hoo, “Ong”) for a short 8-month extension to the lease and
prepared two versions of a draft lease agreements. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

[89] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

When he presented the second draft to Ong, however, he was shocked to discover
that around July / August 2015, the 2nd Defendant had already gone behind his
back to arrange for the 1st Defendant to extend Ong’s lease for another two
years from 1 August 2015 to 31 July 2017, and at a rental amount of $10,000
per month.

29 The Plaintiff confronted the 1st Defendant about this lease extension. She
claimed that she had simply signed whatever the 2nd Defendant put before her.
The Plaintiff confronted the 2nd Defendant – who insisted it was a favourable
deal, despite the Plaintiff’s view that the rent was too low. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

[92] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

As their conversation went nowhere, the Plaintiff decided to drop the matter.
However, as he did not want to risk the 2nd Defendant giving Ong further,
unauthorised extensions of the lease, he decided to revoke the 2nd Defendant’s
authority to act in matters concerning the Property. To that end, on 2 August
2016, the Plaintiff wrote a letter for the 1st Defendant to sign and to send
to Ong. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

[93]-[94] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC and exhibit NAS-29 at 1 JBAEIC 318-319.

In gist, this letter told Ong that “with immediate effect”, the 2nd Defendant
would cease to be the 1st Defendant’s legal representative and would have no
authority to act on her behalf in respect of the Property: instead, the
Plaintiff would be the 1st Defendant’s “only authorised legal representative”,
with “full power of attorney” to act on her behalf in all matters relating to
the Property. The letter also informed Ong that all future rentals were to be
paid to or collected by the Plaintiff.

The meeting of 10 December 2016

30 In light of the 2nd Defendant’s conduct in granting Ong an unauthorised
two-year extension of his lease, the Plaintiff decided around end-2016 to take
steps to ensure he would be able to sell the Property with vacant possession
once Ong’s lease expired. He consulted a lawyer – one Mr Lim Hin Chye of M/s
Lim Hin Chye & Co (“Mr Lim”); and having explained that he was the beneficial
owner of the Property whereas the 1st Defendant was its legal owner, he sought
Mr Lim’s assistance in preparing “whatever documents…necessary to facilitate
[his] marketing and sale of the Property”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

[112] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

An appointment was made for 10 December 2016 (a Saturday) at Mr Lim’s office.

31 On the morning of 10 December 2016, the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant
attended at Mr Lim’s office, together with two of their siblings, Aik Kheng
and Geok Huwe. Mr Lim had prepared two documents. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

[117] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC and exhibit NAS-35 at 1 JBAEIC 337-342.

One was a Statutory Declaration intended for signature by the 1st Defendant,
in which she was to declare inter alia that she was the registered owner of
the Property; that she had no beneficial interest in the Property and instead
held it “as a bare legal trustee in trust” for the Plaintiff, who had paid the
full purchase price of the Property; that she undertook to transfer all right,
title and interest in the Property to the Plaintiff and to account to him for
all proceeds upon a sale; and that she also undertook to execute a Power of
Attorney in order for him to handle the management, sale or subletting of the
Property as he deemed fit. This Power of Attorney was the second document
prepared by Mr Lim, in which the 1st Defendant appointed the Plaintiff as her
Attorney to act on her behalf in (inter alia) the sale of the Property and the
receipt of the consideration or purchase monies for such sale.

32 Mr Lim explained both documents to the 1st Defendant, who confirmed that
she understood what they were about. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

[118] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC; [55] of Aik Kheng’s AEIC.

The 1st Defendant actively participated in the discussions with Mr Lim.
Indeed, according to Aik Kheng who was also present at the discussions: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

[56]-[58] of Aik Kheng’s AEIC.

[The 1st Defendant] insisted that [the Plaintiff] should pay her S$30,000 on
the spot, prior to her signing the documents, to reimburse her for income tax
which she had been paying on the rental from the Property over the years.

[The Plaintiff] proposed to pay her S$100,000 after the sale of the Property,
which she agreed to. However, she wanted to be paid S$30,000 immediately as
well. After a discussion, [the Plaintiff] agreed to pay her S$30,000
immediately and S$100,000 after the Property was sold. I also remember [the
1st Defendant] asking Mr Lim to record the S$30,000 to record the S$100,000
payments in the draft.

[The 1st Defendant] made sure that [the Plaintiff] wrote out the cheque for
S$30,000 and handed it to her at the end of the meeting…

33 The Plaintiff did in fact issue the 1st Defendant a cheque for $30,000 at
the meeting in Mr Lim’s office; 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Exhibit NAS-31 at 1 JBAEIC 323.

and the payment of this sum in reimbursement of the 1st Defendant’s payment of
income tax on rental income on the Property was duly recorded in clause 6 of
the Statutory Declaration signed by the 1st Defendant. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

1 JBAEIC 337.

It was also recorded in clause 5 of the Power of Attorney that the Plaintiff
“shall make a cheque of $100,000 in [the 1st Defendant’s] sole name from the
net sale proceeds as consideration for [her] taking care of the said Property
since the date of transfer of the said Property to [her]”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

1 JBAEIC 339.

34 After finalising these draft documents, Mr Lim also explained to the 1st
Defendant that the Statutory Declaration was a sworn statement and that it was
an offence to lie in a statutory declaration. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

[121]-[122] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

The 1st Defendant was asked to read the Statutory Declaration to make sure its
contents were true and accurate. The 1st Defendant did so and confirmed to Mr
Lim the truth and accuracy of the Statutory Declaration. She also read the
Power of Attorney and confirmed that everything was in order before signing
the documents.

35 This was not, however, the end of the matter, as the 1st Defendant then
queried the Plaintiff about “what would happen if [he] mismanaged the sale of
the Property and somehow exposed her to any kind of liability”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

[123] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

The Plaintiff replied that he “would indemnify her for any claims or losses”.
This led to Mr Lim being asked to prepare a Deed of Indemnity. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

1 JBAEIC 343-344.

36 Upon both the 1st Defendant and the Plaintiff confirming that they were
satisfied with this draft Deed, Mr Lim brought then to the nearby office of
one Mr Raymond Ng (“Mr Ng”), who was a Commissioner for Oaths. Mr Ng read and
explained each document to the 1st Defendant, who confirmed that she
understood them and also understood the nature of a statutory declaration. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

[124]-[125] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

Both she and the Plaintiff then proceeded to sign the various documents, with
Mr Lim and Mr Ng also signing as witnesses for them on the Deed of Indemnity.

Events post 10 December 2016

37 Some two to three days after the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant had signed
the documents, the 2nd Defendant visited Mr Lim’s office with “a bundle of
documents” and “claimed that he was the owner of the Property”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

[24] of Lim Hin Chye’s AEIC.

Mr Lim did not know the 2nd Defendant at that time. As the 2nd Defendant was
not his client and as he had been told on 10 December 2016 that the Plaintiff
was the beneficial owner of the Property, he declined to entertain the 2nd
Defendant. The 2nd Defendant subsequently sent Mr Lim a letter on 13 December
2016, titled “LETTER OF PEOTEST” (sic) in which he put forward what Mr Lim
described as “wild allegations” – in particular, that the “wicked” Plaintiff
had “threaten violently wanted to hit [the 1st Defendant] and broken her two
legs”, that the Plaintiff had also threatened to break his (the 2nd
Defendant’s) legs and “wanted to set fire on [his] HDB flat”, that the 1st
Defendant had signed the documents in the lawyers’ office “under heavy
pressure”, and that he (the 2nd Defendant) was “the actual owner of the said
Property”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Exhibit LHC-4 at 1 JBAEIC 401-402.

Mr Lim did not respond to the letter but instead forwarded a copy to the
Plaintiff.

38 On 16 December 2016, the 1st Defendant went alone to Mr Lim’s office to
collect the original Power of Attorney. Mr Lim did not attend to her on that
day but he heard later the 1st Defendant had remarked to his secretary that
“her brother had threatened to break her legs”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

[28] of Lim Hin Chye’s AEIC.

However, when the secretary asked if she had made a police report, the 1st
Defendant did not reply. The Plaintiff was unaware of this incident. As far as
he was concerned, the 1st Defendant had been cheery and happy throughout the
meeting at the lawyers’ offices. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

[132] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

She did not raise any complaints about the documents signed. After collecting
the documents from Mr Lim’s office, she had handed them to the Plaintiff and
collected reimbursement from him of the fees paid for these documents, without
mentioning any disagreement with their contents. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

[131] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

39 On 23 December 2016, the 2nd Defendant lodged a caveat over the Property.
This was done without the knowledge of the Plaintiff, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

[99] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

who had been marketing the Property as per his stated intention to sell it.
The Plaintiff only found out about the caveat months later when a buyer he had
found for the Property in February 2017 brought the caveat to his attention
before pulling out of the deal. When the Plaintiff confronted the 2nd
Defendant and asked him to remove the caveat, however, the latter did so – and
even went back to helping the Plaintiff with marketing the Property for sale.
87

##### Foot Note 87

×

[100]-[102] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC and exhibit NAS-32 at 1 JBAEIC 325-329.

The Plaintiff thus believed the issue to be closed. He knew that both
Defendants were aware not only of the newspaper advertisements he had taken
out regarding the sale of the Property, but also of the fact that he had
listed his mobile number as the phone number of the owner of the Property. He
had even placed a large signboard on the shopfront of the Property listing his
contact details as the owner of the Property. Neither Defendant had raised any
objections. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

[101] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

40 In May 2017, the Plaintiff found a buyer for the Property – He Yi
Investments Pte Ltd (“He Yi”) – to whom he granted an option to purchase on 13
May 2017. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Exhibit NAS-34 at 1 JBAEIC 334-337.

This option was exercised by He Yi on 25 May 2017. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

[98] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

It came as a shock to the Plaintiff when – in June 2017 – the two Defendants
suddenly made a claim to the Property, 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

[103] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

and when the 1st Defendant purported to disavow the Statutory Declaration and
the Power of Attorney on the ground of “duress”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

[132] and [136] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

41 It is not disputed that following the exercise by He Yi of the option,
completion of the sale of the Property at the price of $8,128,000 has since
taken place; and a net amount of $8,029,142-57 has been paid into court
pending the resolution of the present dispute. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

[113] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC and 2 JBAEIC 99-112.

The Defendants’ case

42 The Defendants, for their part, denied that it was the Plaintiff who had
purchased the Property using his own funds. Their case, as noted earlier, was
that the 2nd Defendant had paid for the Property using a loan taken from “Neo
family monies” maintained in OCBC Account 1. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

[163]-[166] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

The 2nd Defendant was said to have repaid this loan on 12 January 1994 by
means by a sum of $400,000 transferred from OCBC Account 2 (which he claimed
as his “personal” account) to OCBC Account 1. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

[217] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

The “Neo Family Assets”

43 To explain how there could have been “Neo family monies” sufficient to fund
the “loan” to the 2nd Defendant, the Defendants put forward in their AEICs a
narrative which depicted their entire family (the Neo family) as having been
heavily - and profitably - involved in investing in properties and other
assets for many years. In their AEICs, the Defendants alluded to these
investments as “the Neo Family Assets”.

44 In gist, according to the Defendants, the “growth” of “the Neo Family’s
Assets” began when sometime in the 1970s, their parents allegedly “struck the
4-D lottery and obtained winnings of about S$200,000”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

[19] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

Subsequently, in the late 1970s or early 1980s, the property in which their
entire family lived (446 Upper Paya Lebar) was compulsorily acquired by the
then Telecommunications Authority of Singapore (“TAS”): in return, the Neo
family received compensation totalling $95,000 which was made up of an initial
award $62,200, a supplemental award of $27,800 issued after their appeal, and
the refund of their $5,000 deposit for the appeal. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

[20]-[24] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

45 Pursuant to the compulsory acquisition of 446 Upper Paya Lebar, the Neo
family was also given permission by the Government to purchase two 5-room HDB
flats. One such HDB flat (at Block 21 St George’s Road #20-172) was purchased
for one of the younger Neo sisters, Poo Chu; and this was paid for by the
parents and by Poo Chu’s CPF funds. The other such flat (at Block 23 Eunos
Crescent #06-3019) was purchased in the 2nd Defendant’s name on 9 July 1979.
The 2nd Defendant claimed that the purchase price was paid using “money from
[his] own pocket, permitted CPF withdrawals from [his] CPF account and a
housing loan from the HDB”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

[27] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

The 2nd Defendant continues to reside in this HDB flat up until today; and
throughout these proceedings, he has claimed that his ownership of this HDB
flat is the reason why the Keong Saik Property – and indeed, all the various
properties allegedly forming part of “the Neo Family Assets” – were not
registered in his name.

46 According to the Defendants’ narrative, in the years which followed the
compulsory acquisition of 446 Upper Paya Lebar, the Neo family embarked on a
series of property acquisitions and investments. According to the 2nd
Defendant, leaving aside the two HDB flats purchased in the 2nd Defendant’s
and Poo Chu’s names, the first property acquired by the Neo family after their
departure from 446 Upper Paya Lebar was a property at 20 Lorong K, Telok Kurau
(“20 Lorong K”). This was purchased for $320,000 in March 1980. The Defendants
claimed that the Neo family paid this purchase price using funds from the
following sources: 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

[34] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC; [26] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

(a) The compensation of $95,000 received from TAS for the compulsory
acquisition of 446 Upper Paya Lebar;

(b) The parents’ lottery winnings of $200,000 from the 1970s;

(c) A balance sum of $40,000 said to be made up of “(s)avings and investments
in listed shares from the Neo Family”.

47 20 Lorong K was actually registered in the Plaintiff’s and Aik Kheng’s
names. However, the Defendants claimed that it was “understood at all material
times that the said property belonged to the Neo Family and not any sibling”.
100

##### Foot Note 100

×

[34] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC; [27] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

It was not disputed that 20 Lorong K was used by the Plaintiff in 1980 and in
1983 as collateral for mortgage loans for his “personal use”. It was also not
disputed that when 20 Lorong K was sold for a sum of $2,120,470 in December
1983, part of the sale proceeds - $1,000,000 - went towards paying off the
mortgage loans taken out by the Plaintiff. In his AEIC, the 2nd Defendant
claimed that “(s)trictly speaking”, he and the other Neo siblings “should not
have allowed [the Plaintiff’s] Mortgages to be redeemed using funds from the
said sale proceeds as these funds also belonged to the Neo Family… However,
being family members, [they] did not quibble over such matters then”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

[38]-[39] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

48 According to the Defendants, the sale of 20 Lorong K was followed by the
Neo family’s acquisition of a substantial property on freehold land of 14,000
square feet, at No. 61 Lorong K, Telok Kurau (“61 Lorong K”). The 2nd
Defendant alleged that the purchase price of $875,000 was funded by the sale
proceeds from 20 Lorong K. Again, it was asserted that although this property
was registered in the names of the Plaintiff and the youngest Neo brother Chin
Chai, “it is common knowledge and understanding between all members of the Neo
family that 61 Lorong K belonged to the Neo Family as it was purchased from
funds belonging to the Neo Family”. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

[43]-[44] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

49 In giving his version of events, the 2nd Defendant portrayed himself as the
Neo sibling responsible for strategizing and managing the alleged growth of
the “Neo Family Assets”. It was the 2nd Defendant’s evidence that following
the purchase of 61 Lorong K, he “consulted” with the other Neo family members;
and it was agreed that they should “form a company to look after all the
properties and investments belonging to the Neo Family”. This company –
according to the Defendants – was Medway Investments. They denied that Medway
Investments was the Plaintiff’s company and asserted instead that: 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

[56] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

The understanding of the Neo Family is that Medway Investments shall be
utilised to purchase and invest in properties and securities. Further, it was
understood that all assets in Medway Investments belong to the Neo Family and
not any individual members of the family.

50 According to the 2nd Defendant, as Chairman of Medway Investments, he was
“overall in charge of making sound investments on behalf of the Neo Family”.
The properties allegedly acquired as “Neo Family Assets” by Medway Investments
included No. 25 Lorong M, Telok Kurau (“25 Lorong M”), which was purchased in
1984 for $1,651,550. The purchase price was said by the 2nd Defendant to have
been funded with the balance of the sale proceeds from 20 Lorong K as well as
an overdraft of $1,000,000. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

[63] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

The latter was secured by the lodgement of shares registered in the names of
the Plaintiff and other Neo siblings (the 1st Defendant, Aik Kheng, Ah Hoe and
Choon Poo).

51 25 Lorong M was sold in April 1989 for $2,019,979. Other properties
allegedly acquired by Medway Investment as “Neo Family Assets” included No. 35
and No. 41 Oxley Road, which the 2nd Defendant claimed were purchased in 1989
using the sale proceeds from 25 Lorong M as well as various overdraft
facilities. No. 35 and No. 41 Oxley Road were later redeveloped into six
detached dwelling houses and two semi-detached dwelling houses. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

[73] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

All eight houses continue to be held under Medway Investments. It is not
disputed that two of these houses are occupied by the Plaintiff and his
family: the Plaintiff and his wife live in No. 39 Oxley Road while the
Plaintiff’s son lives in No. 41A Oxley Road. Notwithstanding this, the
Defendants insisted at trial that all eight houses continued to be “Neo Family
Assets”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

[75] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC; [49] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

The Plaintiff’s own purchase of properties

52 The 2nd Defendant sought to draw a distinction between property
acquisitions made by Medway Investments which he claimed were “Neo Family
Assets”, and acquisitions made in the Plaintiff’s name or that of another
company, Medway Realty Pte Ltd (“Medway Realty”) which he claimed were
personal acquisitions by the Plaintiff). 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

[78] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

Medway Realty was a company set up in 1989 in which Aik Kheng and the
Plaintiff’s wife Lai Wah were the shareholders and directors. The 2nd
Defendant asserted that Medway Realty was different from Medway Investments
because it was a vehicle “set up to allow [the Plaintiff] to hold his personal
investments”.

53 Property acquisitions which the 2nd Defendant acknowledged as falling into
the category of the Plaintiff’s personal investments included 5F Tanglin Hill,
which was bought in the Plaintiff’s name. The 2nd Defendant insisted, though,
that it was Medway Investments which had bought and subsequently sold the
neighbouring property at 5E Tanglin Hill; and that it was he (the 2nd
Defendant) who had “allowed” the Plaintiff to use some of the profits from
this transaction to fund his purchase of 5F Tanglin Hill. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

[85]-[86] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

54 Other properties which the 2nd Defendant accepted as the Plaintiff’s
personal investments included a number of shophouses in Smith Street and Tras
Street which were purchased in Medway Realty’s name. The 2nd Defendant sought
to distinguish these shophouse acquisitions from the purchase of the Keong
Saik Property. According to the 2nd Defendant, the Plaintiff had sold these
shophouses within a relatively short time after purchasing them, and for
relatively modest profits: 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

[100] and [109] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

this showed that he had “no interest in long term investments” and was “happy
to cash out his investments quickly and collect short term gains”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

[110] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

OCBC Account 1

55 It should be noted that apart from claiming that the sale proceeds from 20
Lorong K were used to purchase 61 Lorong K, the 2nd Defendant also alleged
that these sale proceeds were deposited into OCBC Account 1 (the account held
in the joint names of the Plaintiff, the 1st Defendant and Aik Kheng). 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

[164] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

This formed the basis of his claims as to having purchased the Property with a
loan from “Neo family monies” taken from OCBC Account 1.

The purchase of the Property

56 Insofar as the purchase of the Property was concerned, the 2nd Defendant
claimed that he actually had the financial means to pay the purchase price of
$370,000 because he had made a considerable amount of money over the years
from his “various businesses and trading activities”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

[123] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEC.

These included a sole proprietorship called First Vantage Properties which was
involved in the retail of artworks and handicrafts, and which continues to
operate as of today. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

[130] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

Other sources of income were said to include commissions from acting as
property agent in the sale and purchase of properties. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

[141]-[152] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

The 2nd Defendant also exhibited his Income Tax Notices of Assessment for the
years 1990 to 1994 which showed annual assessable incomes ranging from $40,556
(in 1992) to $107,716 (in 1991). 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

pp 217-221 of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

57 Despite enjoying what he described as “a substantial income”, 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

[139] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

the 2nd Defendant was reluctant to apply for a mortgage when it came to the
purchase of the Property. Instead, he decided to take a loan from the monies
held in OCBC Account 1 (the account held in the joint names of the Plaintiff,
the 1st Defendant and Aik Kheng). Although he admitted that the Plaintiff was
the one who operated and controlled OCBC Account 1, 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

[165] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

the 2nd Defendant claimed that the monies in this account “belonged to the Neo
family” because they came from the sale proceeds of 20 Lorong K. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

[164] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

In his version of events, therefore, his purchase of the Property was funded
by a loan from “Neo family monies” – which he said he later repaid on 12
January 1994 by transferring $400,000 from OCBC Account 2 (which he insisted
was his account) to OCBC Account 1.

58 Following completion of the purchase, the 2nd Defendant said he asked the
1st Defendant to be the legal owner of the Property and to hold it on trust
for him. This was because as the registered owner of an HDB flat, he was not
allowed to own the Property concurrently. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

[154] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

OCBC Account 2

59 As to how OCBC Account 2 came to be set up and what it was used for, the
2nd Defendant said that it was opened on 8 February 1993. In 1995 and in 1997,
he got the 1st Defendant to pledge the Property as security for overdraft
facilities obtained from OCBC, using OCBC Account 2. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

[210] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

These overdraft facilities were allegedly for “various improvements and
construction works carried out at the Property”. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

[210] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

However, at the Plaintiff’s request, the 2nd Defendant agreed to allow him
access to these overdraft facilities “to use the excess funds for trading
purposes i.e. for the buying and selling of shares listed in the Singapore and
Malaysia stock markets”. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

[211] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

At the Plaintiff’s further request, the 2nd Defendant even supplied him with
pre-signed blank debit slips for use in transferring funds out of the account.
123

##### Foot Note 123

×

[214] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

He felt that as the Plaintiff’s older brother, he could not reject his
request. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

[213] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

60 The 2nd Defendant said that it was after he had obtained further overdraft
facilities and when the construction works at the Property were halfway
completed that he told the Plaintiff he was “in a position” to return the loan
taken from OCBC Account 1. It was the Plaintiff who arranged for the sum of
$400,000 to be transferred from OCBC Account 2 to OCBC Account 1. It was also
the Plaintiff who informed the 2nd Defendant that the difference of $30,000
(between the $370,000 loan and the $400,000 repayment) was “for interests
(sic) for the past 2 to 3 years”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

[215] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

The Plaintiff did not provide any calculations to explain the “interest”
amount, and the 2nd Defendant did not argue. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 61 line 19 to p 62 line 6.

Nor did he ask the Plaintiff thereafter what happened to the $400,000
transferred. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 37 line 23 to p 38 line 7.

A&A works on the Property

61 As noted above, the 2nd Defendant said he obtained the overdraft facilities
in 1995, as well as the further overdraft facilities in 1997, for the purpose
of funding improvement and construction works on the Property. In fact,
according to the 2nd Defendant, the work of arranging for these improvements
began even earlier in 1992 and was all undertaken by him. He was the one who
liaised with the architect, the lawyers and the authorities to obtain official
approval for the redevelopment of the Property, to recover possession of the
Property from sitting tenants, and to compensate these tenants. Later, he was
also the one who engaged various parties to carry out the Addition and
Alteration (“A&A”) works; and he also supervised the execution of these works.
128

##### Foot Note 128

×

[175]-[189] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

He had such close interaction with the architect – Lim Han Leng (“Mr Lim HL”)
– that the latter became a good friend. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

[182] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

62 Mr Lim HL gave evidence at the trial as the Defendants’ witness. Inter
alia, he said that when he was working on the A&A works at the Property, the
2nd Defendant had told him that he owned the Property but had chosen to
register it in the 1st Defendant’s name because of the issues created by his
ownership of the HDB flat. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

[9] of Lim Han Leng’s AEIC.

Mr Lim HL also said that he only dealt with the two Defendants in relation to
the A&A works at the Property; and that he thought it “odd that the owner of
the Property would not want to be involved or have a say in the A&A works to
be carried out”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

[14] of Lim Han Leng’s AEIC.

Tenancy of the Property

63 Insofar as the tenancy of the Property was concerned, the 2nd Defendant
claimed that he was the one who arranged for tenants once the A&A works were
completed and the Certificate of Statutory Completion (“CSC”) issued. The 2nd
Defendant was also the one who collected the rent from these tenants and
deposited the monies in OCBC Account 2. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

[192]-[193] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

On the “rare” occasions when the Plaintiff collected the rent, it was only
because the 2nd Defendant consented to his doing so. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

[199] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

64 It was also the 2nd Defendant’s evidence that prior to the Property being
tenanted, he paid the property tax in cash. After the Property was tenanted
out, he arranged to have the property tax paid via GIRO from OCBC Account 2.
This, he said, showed that he was really the beneficial owner of the Property.
134

##### Foot Note 134

×

[200]-[202] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

Sale of the Property

65 The 2nd Defendant claimed that despite not being the owner of the Property,
the Plaintiff had “decided to market [it] for sale on his own account” because
he was in “desperate need for funds” after suffering losses from “poor
investment decisions”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

[235]-[240] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

According to the 2nd Defendant, it was the Plaintiff’s desperation for funds
that led to his preparing the letter dated 31 July 2016. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

2 JBAEIC 418-419.

The 2nd Defendant was very concerned when he saw the letter, because it
purported to revoke his authority to represent the 1st Defendant in all
matters relating to the Property. However, as the 1st Defendant informed him
that she had been “forced” to sign the letter of 31 July 2016 and that it did
not reflect her true intention, he decided to treat the letter as being
“invalid” and took no steps to respond to it. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 82 line 3 to p 83 line 24.

The meeting of 10 December 2016

66 The letter of 31 July 2016 was not the only document the 1st Defendant
claimed she had been “forced” to sign. She claimed that the Statutory
Declaration and the Power of Attorney signed on 10 December 2016 were also
“invalid” because she had signed them under duress. The particulars of duress
pleaded in the Defence and Counterclaim 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

[13] of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1), Tab 4 of the Setting
Down Bundle at pp 35-39.

may be summarised as follows:

(a) In November 2016, the Plaintiff had “scolded” the 1st Defendant for
signing a tenancy agreement to lease out the Property. In the same incident,
he had also “physically abused” her by throwing a metal measuring tape at her
and pulling her hair. The reason for this abuse was “because the Plaintiff
wanted the 1st Defendant to transfer the Property to the Plaintiff with a view
to sell the Property and for the Plaintiff to collect the proceeds”.

(b) Geok Huwe and Aik Kheng had also “constantly pressured” the 1st Defendant
to transfer the Property to the Plaintiff. It should be noted that the 1st
Defendant was ordered by the court to give further and better particulars of
this allegation, but stated in her response 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Tab 7 of the Setting Down Bundle at pp 76-77.

that she was unable to recall any of the particulars requested (time frame
during which this “pressure’ was applied, frequency, whether the “pressure”
was expressed orally or in writing or by conduct).

(c) The 1st Defendant was taken to Mr Lim’s office on 10 December 2018 without
being told that she was going to a law firm.

(d) At Mr Lim’s office, the 1st Defendant “felt compelled to remain quiet” as
she “was in the company of the Plaintiff, Neo Geok Huwe and Neo Aik Kheng”.

67 In her AEIC, the 1st Defendant also stated that during the meeting on 10
December 2016, she did not ask the Plaintiff to reimburse her for the income
tax she had paid on the rental income from the Property: she merely remarked
to him at the meeting that she had paid nearly $30,000 in income tax on the
rental from the Property. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

[78] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC; see also [13(i)] of the Defence and
Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1).

Nor did she ask for the payment of $100,000 from the sale proceeds: it was the
Plaintiff himself who instructed Mr Lim Hin Chye to provide for a sum of
$100,000 to be paid to her out of the sale proceeds. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

[79] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

Indeed, according to the 1st Defendant, she did not even ask for the Deed of
Immunity; 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 82 line 24 to p 83 line 2.

it was “all prepared by the lawyer”. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 82 line 24 to p 83 line 2.

Events post 10 December 2016

68 As to the events post 10 December 2016, the 1st Defendant stated that she
had told the 2nd Defendant about the events at the lawyers’ offices. The 2nd
Defendant was “furious”; and she was aware that he had written to Mr Lim on 12
December 2016 to “set the record straight”. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

[85] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

The 1st Defendant insisted that when she herself went to Mr Lim’s office to
collect the documents a few days later, she did speak with Mr Lim and she did
inform him that she had been “forced to sign” the Statutory Declaration and
the Power of Attorney “as the Plaintiff was a gambler and required funds
urgently”. Mr Lim allegedly “did not respond” when she told him these things.
She left his office with the documents, which she handed over to the
Plaintiff. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

[86] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

69 The Plaintiff did not inform the 1st Defendant prior to executing the
Option to Purchase in respect of the Property in May 2017, but she became
aware of it when the 2nd Defendant – “as the rightful owner of the Property” -
brought her to “see lawyers to seek advice on [their] legal rights”. It was
the 2nd Defendant who told her that “the purchase price was too low and he was
not willing to accept that price for the Property”. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

[99] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

Following this, she filed a Deed of Revocation of the Power of Attorney on 20
June 2017. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

pp 86-87 of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

Summary of the key issues in contention

70 As I noted at the start of these written grounds, it was common ground that
whilst legal title to the Property vested in the 1st Defendant, she was not
and had never been the beneficial owner.

71 Having regard to the parties’ respective cases as stated in their pleadings
and as presented in the evidence adduced at trial, it was clear that the chief
bone of contention between the two sides centred on the payment of the
purchase price of the Property: whether the Property was paid for by the
Plaintiff, or whether it was paid for by the 2nd Defendant. Given that it was
agreed the money for the purchase of the Property came from OCBC Account 1, it
followed that the key questions to be answered were these:

(a) Were the monies in OCBC Account 1 the Plaintiff’s monies as he claimed, or
were these monies “Neo Family monies” as the 2nd Defendant claimed?

(b) If the monies in OCBC Account 1 were “Neo Family monies”, was the 2nd
Defendant given a loan of these monies as he claimed, with which he paid the
purchase price of the Property?

(c) In addition to the issue of payment of the purchase price, it was also
relevant to consider whether there was other, objective evidence pointing to
one or the other party’s beneficial ownership of the Property.

72 Having considered the evidence adduced, I was satisfied that the monies in
OCBC Account 1 were the Plaintiff’s monies and not “Neo Family monies”; and
that it was the Plaintiff who had paid for the Property using his own monies
from OCBC Account 1. I was also satisfied that there was no such thing as “Neo
Family monies” or, for that matter, “Neo Family Assets”. There was no loan of
“Neo Family monies” made from OCBC Account 1 to the 2nd Defendant; and the 2nd
Defendant did not pay for the Property.

73 I set out below my reasons for these findings.

On whether the monies in OCBC Account 1 were the Plaintiff’s monies or “Neo
Family monies”

74 At the outset, I noted that the Defendants argued in their closing
submissions that “(n)othing turns on whether the monies in OCBC Account 1
belong to the Neo Family or [the Plaintiff] or some other party. If [the 1st
Defendant] could demonstrate that the monies from OCBC Account 1 which was
used to fund the purchase of the Property was eventually repaid via the
Transfer on 12 Jan 1994 (from OCBC Account 2), then his claim that he was the
beneficial owner is made out”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

[36] of the Defendants’ Closing Submissions.

75 With respect, I found this argument both illogical and contrived. Firstly,
to postulate that the 2nd Defendant needed only to demonstrate that the monies
from OCBC Account 1 which were used to pay for the Property were “repaid” via
the $400,000 transfer from OCBC Account 2 on 12 January 1994 was really to put
the cart before the horse. The issue of “repayment” could only arise if one
rejected the Plaintiff’s case that he had paid for the Property with his own
monies from OCBC Account 1 – and accepted instead that the 2nd Defendant had
taken a loan from that account.

76 Secondly, the argument ignored the case which the Defendants themselves had
presented at trial, which was that the monies from OCBC Account 1 were “Neo
Family monies” and not the Plaintiff’s monies. Indeed, under cross-
examination, the 2nd Defendant firmly and repeatedly stated that the loan he
took from OCBC Account 1 to purchase the Property was not a loan from the
Plaintiff, because the Plaintiff “didn’t have that amount of money” 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 97 lines 19 to 25 and at p 100 lines 2 to
9.

and in any event would never have agreed to lend the 2nd Defendant money
because he was “stingy” and “calculative”. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 99 line 6 to 25,

77 Having reviewed the evidence before me, it was clear that the evidence
supported the Plaintiff’s claim that the monies in OCBC Account 1 were his. It
was not disputed that this account was held in the joint names of the
Plaintiff, the 1st Defendant and Aik Kheng: the 2nd Defendant was not and had
never been an account-holder.

78 It was also not disputed that the Plaintiff operated and controlled OCBC
Account 1. Aik Kheng was clear about this. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

[19] of Aik Kheng’s AEIC.

The 1st Defendant confirmed in cross-examination that when she spoke in her
AEIC of the Plaintiff having “control” of the bank accounts he held jointly
with his siblings, these included OCBC Account 1. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

[43] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC; see transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 43 line
22 to p 44 line 2, also p 45 lines 15-18.

Even the 2nd Defendant himself admitted in his AEIC that OCBC Account 1 “was
operated and controlled by [the Plaintiff] and the bank statements were sent
to his residence at Oxley Road”. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

[165] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

In cross-examination, the 2nd Defendant confirmed that although OCBC Account 1
was “held by three account holders”, “the person ultimately controlling the
account was [the Plaintiff]”. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 97 lines 11 to 15.

79 Critically, Aik Kheng and even the 1st Defendant gave evidence that the
monies in OCBC Account 1 belonged to the Plaintiff. Aik Kheng stated clearly
in his AEIC 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

[19] and [32] of Aik Kheng’s AEIC.

that

All the monies inside OCBC Account 1 belonged to [the Plaintiff]”, and both
[the 1st Defendant] and I knew this. The main reason that [the Plaintiff] put
[the 1st Defendant] and myself as named joint account holders was for
convenience. [The Plaintiff] would often be out of town or unavailable, and
would just call and ask [the 1st Defendant] or me to sign cheques or do other
things relating to the account for him...

(A)ll the monies in OCBC Account 1 are [the Plaintiff’s] hard-earned monies. I
recall him working regularly until 3 or 4 in the morning, even skipping meals
because he was so focused. He even developed gastric problems because of his
hectic work schedule.

80 The 1st Defendant too agreed in cross-examination that OCBC Account 1 was
opened with the intention that the Plaintiff “could use it for his sole
beneficial purposes without reference to [her]”, and that she did not question
him about it because she knew the monies in the account “belonged to him and
not to [her]”. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 45 lines 10 to 18.

81 It should be noted that although in her AEIC the 1st Defendant had stated
that the balance of the proceeds from the sale of 20 Lorong K was deposited
into OCBC Account 1, she admitted in cross-examination that she actually had
no personal knowledge of any such deposit being made. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 49 line 11 to p 50 line 3.

When questioned about how she had come to include such a statement in her
AEIC, she said that the statement had been “drafted by [her] lawyer” and she
had signed off on it because she thought it was “logical”. It was then pointed
out to her that in signing an affidavit, her responsibility was to ensure the
truth of statements of fact made in it rather than to assess their logic –
whereupon she agreed that had she been aware of this when making her AEIC, she
would have asked that the statement about the deposit of the balance sale
proceeds in OCBC Account 1 be deleted. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 50 line 4 to p 51 line 4.

82 Ranged against the above evidence was the 2nd Defendant’s assertion that
“the monies in [OCBC Account 1] were from the sale of 20 Lorong K” 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

[164] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

and that “the monies in [OCBC Account 1] belonged to the Neo Family”. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

[163] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

The crux of the 2nd Defendant’s entire narrative came down to this: firstly,
that 20 Lorong K had been purchased with monies from the Neo Family; and
secondly, that when this property was sold in December 1983, an amount
representing the balance of its sale proceeds was deposited into OCBC Account
1, thereby making the monies in OCBC Account 1 “Neo Family monies”. Both parts
of the 2nd Defendant’s narrative were proven patently false.

83 It will be remembered that in his AEIC, the 2nd Defendant described the
funds for the purchase of 20 Lorong K as having come from the following
sources: 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

[34] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

(a) The compensation monies received from TAS upon the compulsory acquisition
of the Neo family’s original residence at 446 Upper Paya Lebar (totalling
$95,000);

(b) The $200,000 allegedly won by the parents in a 4-D lottery sometime “in
the 1970s”;

(c) $40,000 of savings and investments in listed shares from the Neo Family.

84 In respect of (a), objective documentary evidence showed that the
compensation monies from TAS were received months after the purchase of 20
Lorong K. The records of the Land Registry showed that 20 Lorong K was
conveyed to the Plaintiff and Aik Kheng on 29 March 1980. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

2 JBAEIC 88-89.

The initial award of $62,200, on the other hand, was received by the Plaintiff
and the 2nd Defendant on 5 May 1980. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

1 JBAEIC 84.

The supplemental award of $29,367-46 (issued after their appeal), as well as
the refund of their $5,000 appeal deposit, were received on 8 May 1981. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

1 JBAEIC 85; Vol 1 of the Agreed Bundle of Documents at p 626 (“1 AB 626”).

In short, it was simply not possible for the TAS compensation monies to have
been used for the purchase of 20 Lorong K. The 2nd Defendant was obliged to
concede this – albeit with much reluctance - after being confronted in cross-
examination with the documentary evidence. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 19 line 4 to p 22 line 9.

85 The 1st Defendant – whose AEIC provided the same description as the 2nd
Defendant’s of the sources of funds for the purchase of 20 Lorong K – also
conceded in cross-examination that it was wrong to say the TAS compensation
monies had been used for the said purchase. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 5 line 4 to p 9 line 7.

86 In respect of (b), neither Defendant could produce any documentary evidence
of the alleged lottery winnings of $200,000. That such evidence was not
impossible to obtain was demonstrated by the fact that the Plaintiff was able,
in contrast, to produce documentary evidence of his own lottery winnings of
$400,000 in 1973 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Exhibit NAS-4 at 1 JBAEIC 72.

. $200,000 would have been a very substantial sum in the 1970s: the 2nd
Defendant himself agreed that such a sum would have formed “the great
majority” of his parents’ savings. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 24 line 21 to p 25 line 1.

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 13 line 20 to p 14 line 2.

I found it surprising that no documentary records existed of this allegedly
huge win. The Plaintiff denied that their parents had won such a sum in the
lottery. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

[30] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

Aik Kheng gave evidence that although their parents had won at the lottery in
the 1970s, they did not win such a large sum as $200,000: the sum which they
won “was at most, a few thousand dollars and definitely less than 10 thousand
dollars”. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

[17] of Aik Kheng’s AEIC.

As for the 1st Defendant, although she insisted in cross-examination that the
amount won was “definitely much more than the 10,000”, 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 10 lines 14 to 15.

she admitted that she did not know the exact amount. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 4 lines 10 to 11.

Indeed, she even appeared to waver over whether the lottery had been won by
the parents or by the mother. In the circumstances, I did not find it
believable that there were lottery winnings of $200,000 from the 1970s which
went towards making up the purchase price of 20 Lorong K.

87 In respect of (c), the Defendants were also unable to produce any
documentary evidence of the “savings and investments in listed shares” which
purportedly went towards $40,000 of the purchase price of 20 Lorong K. Neither
Defendant was able to pin down exactly what these “savings and investments in
listed shares” were. The 1st Defendant said she believed some of the shares in
question were registered in her name, but no evidence was produced of any such
shares; and as for which other siblings might have had shares registered in
their names, she admitted she did not know. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 12 line 24 to p 13 line 19.

Indeed, when asked to confirm if she knew for a fact that there was $40,000
from such “listed shares” which were used for the purchase of 20 Lorong K, she
confessed that she had “no idea”. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 13 line 20 to p 14 line 2.

She admitted that she actually had no personal knowledge of the statements
made in her AEIC 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

[26] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

about the purchase having been funded by compensation monies of $95,000,
lottery winnings of $200,000 and savings and share investments of $40,000.
Even in making this admission, she vacillated rather confusingly between
saying she had simply repeated what she heard from the 2nd Defendant and
claiming she had included the statements in her AEIC because she “found it
logical”. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 12 line 24 to p 13 line 19.

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 14 lines 3 to p 15 line 11.

88 As for the 2nd Defendant, he too was unable to identify what “savings and
investments in listed shares” made up the sum of $40,000. When it was pointed
out that this figure of $40,000 – when added to the $95,000 compensation
figure and the $200,000 lottery winnings figure – would yield a total figure
of $335,000 instead of the purchase price of $320,000, the 2nd Defendant was
unable to explain the discrepancy. He resorted instead to claiming that “the
$40,000 was just a rough calculation” and that the “actual sum could be higher
or lower”. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 16 line 18 to p 17 line 8.

That he could so glibly shift positions in the blink of an eye, without any
apparent basis, clearly showed that he was given to invention, and that his
story about the funding for the purchase of 20 Lorong K was really just that –
a story concocted from bare allegations and suppositions, for which no
objective evidence could be produced.

89 The Plaintiff’s evidence was that 20 Lorong K was purchased with his own
monies and not with the three sources of “Neo Family monies” described by the
Defendants. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

[30] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

The Plaintiff asserted that the fact that the property had been purchased with
his monies was precisely why it was registered in his name, and he had added
Aik Kheng’s name in order to help him in getting credit to do business. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

[31] of the Plaintiff’s AEIC.

Aik Kheng too gave evidence that 20 Lorong K was purchased by the Plaintiff
with his own monies. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

[17] of Aik Kheng’s AEIC.

I found their combined testimonies credible.

90 Having considered the evidence before me, I rejected the Defendants’ story
about 20 Lorong K having been purchased with the three sources of “Neo Family
monies” as described in their AEICs. I found instead that 20 Lorong K was
purchased with the Plaintiff’s own monies and that this property belonged to
him – not to “the Neo Family” as the Defendants claimed. From this, it
followed that the proceeds from any sale of 20 Lorong K belonged to the
Plaintiff. This would explain why the Plaintiff was able to take out two
mortgages on 20 Lorong K totalling $1 million. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

2 AB 639.

When 20 Lorong K was subsequently sold for $2,120,470, a sizeable portion of
the sale proceeds were applied towards redeeming the two mortgages. It was not
disputed that none of the other Neo siblings raised any objections. The 1st
Defendant sought to downplay the absence of objections to the Plaintiff’s
actions as a matter of “family members” not waiting to “quibble over such
matters”. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

[39] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

This explanation struck me as being quite unbelievable, considering that the
mortgage loans which were redeemed came to nearly half of the sale price of 20
Lorong K. In my view, rather than it being a case of the other siblings
choosing not to “quibble”, this was a case of their having no say in the
mortgages or in the subsequent redemption of the mortgages because 20 Lorong K
belonged to the Plaintiff; and he could deal with it – and with any proceeds
from its sale - as he saw fit.

91 I should highlight that even leaving aside the issue of the sources of
funding for the purchase of 20 Lorong K, it was plain that on the Defendants’
own case, there would not have been any balance amount left from the proceeds
of its sale in December 1983 which could have been deposited in OCBC Account
1. First of all, it should be noted that neither Defendant was able to point
to any documentary record of such balance amount having been deposited in OCBC
Account 1. As noted earlier, the 1st Defendant also conceded during cross-
examination that she had no personal knowledge of any such deposit having been
made. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 49 line 11 to p 50 line 3.

The 2nd Defendant insisted that he knew there had been a balance amount
deposited in OCBC Account 1 because he was involved in the sale and purchase
of 20 Lorong K 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 5 line 23 to p 7 line 6.

– but in cross-examination, he was obliged to concede that he did not deposit
the money himself and did not really know about “the details”. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 7 lines 10 to 17.

92 More fundamentally, however, the 2nd Defendant could not get his own
figures to add up. It was not disputed that 20 Lorong K was sold for
$2,120,470 and that $1 million of these sale proceeds went towards redeeming
the mortgages taken out by the Plaintiff. The 2nd Defendant’s evidence was
that out of the remaining sale proceeds, another $875,000 was used for the
purchase of 61 Lorong K. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

[42]-[44] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

That would have left a sum of $245,470. According to the 2nd Defendant’s case,
this remaining balance of $245,470 would have been entirely used up in the
purchase of 25 Lorong M by Medway Investments. This was because his evidence
was that 25 Lorong M was purchased for $1,651,550 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

[60] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

using bank overdraft facilities totalling $1 million 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

[63(b)] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

and the “(b)alance of the sales proceeds from 20 Lorong K”. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

[63(a)] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

Based on the 2nd Defendant’s own evidence, therefore, there would not have
been any balance amount left from the sale proceeds of 20 Lorong K which could
have been deposited into OCBC Account 1. Indeed, when confronted with these
figures in cross-examination, the 2nd Defendant ended up admitting that any
balance sum from the sale of 20 Lorong K would – per his own case – have been
fully used up in the purchase of 61 Lorong K and 25 Lorong M. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 7 line 19 to p 10 line 24.

93 The 2nd Defendant was obviously discomfited at having to make this
concession. First, he refused to admit that given the concessions he had made
regarding the expenditure of the sale proceeds of 20 Lorong K, there could
have been nothing left from those proceeds to go towards the purchase of the
Property in 1991. His response plainly made no sense - and the realisation of
his own vexed position appeared to prompt his next astonishing invention in
the witness stand: namely, the claim that the monies in OCBC Account 1 which
were used for the purchase of the Property came from Neo Family monies
transferred from Medway Investments. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 12 line 22 to p 13 line 17.

This was something which he had never pleaded nor even mentioned in his AEIC.
Tellingly, he was unable to put forward any documentary or other objective
evidence of any such “internal transfers of money”; and when pressed further
in cross-examination, he attempted yet again to prevaricate and backpedal. I
reproduce below the relevant extract from the trial transcript, 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 11 line 15 to p 15 line 24.

as it demonstrates clearly the shifty quality of the 2nd Defendant’s
testimony:

Ct. …counsel’s point was that, according to the calculations counsel has
walked him through in the last 10 minutes, the sum of 2,120,470 from the sale
of 20 Lorong K, after redeeming the mortgage loans he himself spoke of, would
have left a balance of 1,120,470 and counsel is saying that he has agreed that
of this balance of 1,120,470 from the sale of 20 Lorong K, 875,000 was used to
purchase 61 Lorong K and the remaining 245,470 was used towards purchasing 25
Lorong M. Counsel’s point is that would mean nothing was left from the balance
of sale proceeds from 20 Lorong K, meaning nothing was left from the sale
proceeds of 20 Lorong K with which to purchase the Keong Saik property. That’s
counsel’s point. He said he disagreed. Since he says he disagrees, then where
does he account for a balance sum from the proceeds of 20 Lorong K even after
the purchase of 61 Lorong K and 25 Lorong M?

A. There is still a bank loan.

Q. Mr Neo, are you referring to paragraph 63(b) [of your AEIC]?

A. Yes.

Q. Paragraph 63(b) relates to a bank overdraft for the purchase of 25 Lorong
M, correct?

A. Yes.

Q. The overdraft was used for the purchase of 25 Lorong M, correct?

A. Yes.

Q. Do you not agree that this bank loan at 63(b) has nothing whatsoever to do
with the purchase of the Keong Saik property?

A. When we set up the Medway Investments account, we would have deposited some
money into the account, for instance, money from my own commission and rental
money.

Q. Mr Neo, are you now suggesting that the purchase of the Keong Saik property
was funded by monies from the Medway Investments account?

A. The Medway account is an independent account.

Ct. The question is, are you saying that the purchase of the Keong Saik
property was funded by money from the Medway Investments account?

A. Yeah. Let me explain. The OCBC account 1 I a joint account held in three
persons’ names but Aik Soo was the one controlling the account. As for the
Medway Investments account, it is primarily managed by Aik Soo and myself.
There could also be internal transfers of money, so whenever there were bank
overdrafts or there were downpayments to be made, Aik Soo would know whether
there were sufficient funds in the accounts to lend me to buy the Keong Saik
property.

……..

Q. In light of your evidence that the purchase of Keong Saik property was
funded by this account in Medway Investments, do you now accept that the
purchase of the Keong Saik property was not funded from any balance sum from
20 Lorong K?

A. I disagree with the phrase “funded by Medway Investments”. I think there is
some misunderstanding here.

Ct. You were asked a question just now whether you were saying that the
purchase of Keong Saik property was funded by money from Medway Investments
account and you said “yes”. You went on to elaborate that OCBC account 2 is
controlled by Aik Soo; Medway Investments account is managed by Aik Soo and
you. There could be internal transfers of money. When there is a bank
overdraft or a downpayment to be made, Aik Soo would know whether there is
sufficient money in the account to lend you to buy Keong Saik. That’s what you
said just now, so you had agreed, when asked whether you were saying that the
purchase of Keong Saik was funded by money from the Medway Investments
account.

A. There was a lot of movement between the two accounts, therefore, we…

Ct. Which two accounts, so that we are clear?

A. There were a lot of movement of money between OCBC account 1 and the Medway
Investment account. Therefore, it is very difficult to say entirely that the
purchase… had been funded entirely by Medway Investments account.

[emphasis added]

94 Insofar as the 2nd Defendant appeared to suggest that funding for the
purchase of the Property could have come from “internal transfers” from Medway
Investments’ account to OCBC Account 1, I rejected this suggestion as an
obvious fabrication.

Summary of my findings in relation to the source and the utilisation of the
monies in OCBC Account 1

95 In summary, I found the Defendants’ evidence as to the sources of the
monies in OCBC Account 1 wholly unbelievable. I accepted the Plaintiff’s
evidence that the monies in OCBC Account 1 were his monies and not “Neo Family
monies”. I accepted that the payments made from OCBC Account 1 on 21 March
1991 ($37,000) and on 20 June 1991 ($331,438-13) were payments made from the
Plaintiff’s own monies for the purchase of the Property. For the avoidance of
doubt, I should add that I also accepted the Plaintiff’s evidence that the
last small sum of $1,497-50 – which was paid via cashier’s order to the
vendors’ solicitors on the same date as the payment of the $331,438-13 (20
June 1991) – was also made using the Plaintiff’s own monies. I was satisfied
that the 2nd Defendant did not at any time pay any part of the purchase price
of the Property.

On the alleged existence of the “Neo Family Assets”

96 Given that the 2nd Defendant’s claim to beneficial ownership was premised
on the alleged existence of “Neo Family Assets” which (according to him)
yielded the funds for his purchase of the Property, I should make it clear at
this juncture that I did not accept that there was such a thing as “Neo Family
Assets”. In the first place, as pointed out in the Plaintiff’s closing
submissions, 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

[71] of the Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, [10]-[14] of the Plaintiff’s
Reply Submissions.

insofar as the Defendants appeared to be claiming that certain properties and
other assets were owned by an entity known as “the Neo Family”, such a claim
was legally unsustainable: there is no concept in Singapore law of “family
ownership” of a property. In this connection, I agreed with the Plaintiff’s
submission that the Defendants’ reliance on Chia Kok Weng v Chia Kwok Yeo and
another [2017] 2 SLR 964 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Tab 3 Defendants’ Bundle of Authorities (“DBOA”).

was misplaced. The expression “family compact” as employed in that case
clearly referred to the trial judge’s finding that there was an intention on
the part of the Chia family members to secure the home at 37 Jalan Kechubong
for the parents and the family members who lived there; and that it was this
intention which actuated a series of transfers of ownership interests in the
Jalan Kechubong property (at [28] and [33]). The trial judge’s finding was one
of fact which the Court of Appeal agreed with on appeal (at [34]). Nothing in
the judgement could be construed as establishing a legal concept of “family
ownership” of assets in the manner advocated by the Defendants in this case.

97 Alternatively, if the Defendants were claiming that each Neo sibling was a
beneficial owner of various properties and assets such as 20 Lorong K, 61
Lorong K, the company Medway Investments and the properties registered in
Medway Investments’ name, then there was simply no objective evidence to
support such a claim. According to the narrative advanced by the Defendants,
20 Lorong K was the first property acquired as a “Neo Family’s Asset”, and it
was from this initial property acquisition that the New Family then built up a
portfolio of assets. However, as I explained in the preceding paragraphs, my
findings – after a review of the evidence – were that 20 Lorong K was
purchased with the Plaintiff’s monies and belonged to the Plaintiff.

98 I also found the claim that Medway Investments was incorporated as the
vehicle for “the Neo Family’s” investments frankly incredible. It was not
disputed that the majority shareholders of the company - with a total of 75%
shareholding – were the Plaintiff’s wife Lai Wah and the Plaintiff himself.
Lai Wah is not a member of “the Neo Family”. As for the Plaintiff, the
Defendants have sought throughout these proceedings to paint him as a selfish,
covetous individual with a well-known “tendency to use his siblings for his
own objectives and purposes”. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

See e.g. [37]-[52] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

If indeed Medway Investments had been set up as the vehicle for acquiring and
holding valuable assets on behalf of “the Neo Family”, it was anomalous that
the majority ownership of this vehicle should have been vested in the
Plaintiff and his wife - of all people.

99 Finally, it should also be noted that when he was pressed to identify
specifically those assets he claimed constituted “Neo Family Assets”, the 2nd
Defendant became extremely evasive. Asked to describe how much the “Neo Family
monies” would have amounted to as at 1991, the 2nd Defendant said at first
that he “did not really calculate the sum”, and then asserted in the next
breath that it was “a substantial amount” of “around $300,000 to $500,000”.
196

##### Foot Note 196

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 89 lines 15 to 21.

He said that the figure of “$300,000 to $500,000” referred only to cash
holdings and did not take into account non-cash assets (“properties,
jewellery”). 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 90 line 3 to p 91 line 4.

Asked for more details of what the “Neo Family Assets” comprised, his response
morphed to include “everyone’s assets”. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 91 lines 16 to 23.

Asked to pin down where the “$300,000 to $500,000” cash was kept as at 1991,
he claimed that “the majority of it” was placed in the “12 siblings”’
“personal bank accounts”. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 92 line 21 to p 93 line 2.

Asked how much of the “$300,000 to $500,000” would have been in his own
account, he claimed at first it “ought to be around 100,000” – but then
immediately qualified this by saying that “money moves in and out of [his]
account very quickly, so [he] cannot be very certain”. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 94 lines 3 to 12.

Asked whom the balance of $200,000 to $400,000 of the Neo Family’s cash would
have been kept with, he first replied that it was “with the other children” –
and then admitted that he would not know how much of this alleged balance
would have been with each sibling. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 94 line 16 to p 95 line 13.

100 In short, it became very apparent to me that the 2nd Defendant was making
up his evidence as he went along. In particular, his purported description of
the sources of cash which made up the “Neo Family monies” was suspiciously
vague (“my parents kept a lot of money”, “a lot of bank savings”). 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 89 line 22 to p 90 line 2.

Not a scrap of evidence was produced to substantiate his claims about the
existence of “Neo Family monies” amounting to “$300,000 to $500,000” as at
1991, nor could he even specify where these monies would have been kept as at
1991.

101 I concluded, accordingly, that there was no such thing as “Neo Family
Assets” or “Neo Family monies”. It was clear that the Defendants – and in
particular, the 2nd Defendant – came up with the story in a disingenuous
attempt to explain how the 2nd Defendant could have paid for the Property in
1991.

On the transfer of $400,000 from OCBC Account 2 to OCBC Account 1 on 12
January 1994

102 As explained earlier, I found that the monies in OCBC Account 1 were the
Plaintiff’s monies - not “Neo Family monies” – and that he paid for the
Property with his own monies from this account. As a corollary of these
findings, I was also satisfied that there was no “loan” of “Neo Family monies”
from OCBC Account 1 to the 2nd Defendant in 1991. I would also observe that if
in fact there had been such a loan to the 2nd Defendant, then it was very odd
that Aik Kheng – who was one of the three account-holders and the third eldest
Neo brother – should testify that he was never told about it. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

[23] of Aik Kheng’s AEIC.

Tellingly, the 2nd Defendant himself could not keep his story straight when it
came to the issue of Aik Kheng’s knowledge of the “loan”. In his AEIC, he
stated that he believed Aik Kheng might not have been aware of the loan. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

[167] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

In cross-examination, he changed his position, claiming that Aik Kheng did in
fact know about the “loan” and agreed to it. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 104 lines 18 to 20.

Even then, he was suspiciously vague about the circumstances in which Aik
Kheng came to know of and agree to the “loan”. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 103 line 22 to p 104 line 17.

It is worth noting that Aik Kheng – who struck me as an honest and sincere
witness - stated firmly in his AEIC: 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

[27] of Aik Kheng’s AEIC.

Insofar as [the 2nd Defendant] is saying that I gave him a loan, this is a
lie. [The 2nd Defendant] never asked me for a loan and I certainly did not
agree to any such loan.

103 The 2nd Defendant placed much weight on the transfer of $400,000 from OCBC
Account 2 to OCBC Account 1 on 12 January 1994 as purported corroboration of
his “loan” story. Having considered the evidence, I was satisfied that this
transfer was initiated and effected by the Plaintiff himself as a transfer of
funds he owned between accounts he controlled.

104 In this connection, I should make it clear that I rejected any suggestion
by the Defendants that the Plaintiff had raised the issue of his ownership of
the funds in OCBC Account 2 “for the 1st time in his AEIC”. In his Reply and
Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1), the Plaintiff had already pleaded
that he had “a mandate to operate and withdraw monies from” OCBC Account 2.
208

##### Foot Note 208

×

[22] of the Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1), Tab 5 SDB.

By 16 January 2018, the Plaintiff had also stated clearly in affidavit
evidence that the 2nd Defendant had agreed to “give” him OCBC Account 2 and
that he “would have full control” over the account. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

[61] of the Plaintiff’s 4th affidavit of 16 January 2018, PBID 207.

These assertions were met squarely by the 2nd Defendant in his AEIC, where he
expressly disputed the Plaintiff’s position as stated in the affidavit of 16
January 2018 and claimed the monies in OCBC Account 2 as “solely” his own
monies. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

[220]-[222] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

In short, it could not be true that the 2nd Defendant had only discovered for
the first time on reading the Plaintiff’s AEIC that the latter was alleging
ownership of the funds in OCBC Account 2.

105 I should add that whilst a fair amount of time was spent by the 2nd
Defendant on trying to establish that the Plaintiff had started using OCBC
Account 2 in March 1993 (instead of in September / October 1993 as the
Plaintiff contended), the bottomline was that by October 1993, the Plaintiff
was certainly the one exercising control over the account. Even the 2nd
Defendant had to concede that from October 1993 to 11 January 1994 (the day
just before the transfer of the $400,000), the Plaintiff had deposited funds
totalling more than $3 million into OCBC Account 2, 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 68 lines 15 to 25.

thereby bringing the overdraft balance from -$527,577-94 on 1 October 1993 to
-$25,631-42 on 11 January 1994. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

1 JBAEIC 187-191.

Most significantly, while the bank statements for OCBC Account 2 showed
clearly deposits and withdrawals made by the Plaintiff and even transactions
conducted by his family members, 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

See e.g. 1 JBAEIC 251.

the 2nd Defendant could not point to any transaction which he or his family
members had conducted in the said account. On the evidence, therefore, I was
satisfied that by late 1993, the Plaintiff controlled OCBC Account 2, and the
monies in the account were his.

106 In addition, I found the 2nd Defendant’s evidence as to how he came to
“repay” the “loan” from OCBC Account 1 with a transfer of $400,000 from OCBC
Account 2 to be wholly lacking in credibility. The 2nd Defendant claimed, for
example, that the question of interest was never discussed at the point he
asked for the loan. However, he also claimed that the $30,000 difference
between the “loan” of $370,000 and the “repayment” of $400,000 represented
interest unilaterally charged by the Plaintiff at the point of repayment. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 61 lines 14 to 25.

Since he claimed that the “loan” was made from “Neo Family monies”, it was
astonishing that the Plaintiff should have been in a position to demand
interest from him amounting to a five-figure figure– and apparently without
providing any calculations to explain how the figure was derived. The 2nd
Defendant’s assertion that he had paid this interest without asking any
questions was equally astonishing, given that he had sought a “loan” from OCBC
Account 1 in the first place because he was “reluctant to get a mortgage as
[he] did not wish to pay for interests”. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

[162] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

His apparent lack of interest in what the Plaintiff did with the $400,000
following the alleged “repayment” was also anomalous if indeed this large sum
represented “Neo Family monies” as he claimed.

107 The 2nd Defendant’s purported explanation as to why the “repayment” was
made in January 1994 did not make sense either. On the 2nd Defendant’s own
evidence, no specific deadline for repayment was stipulated when he took the
“loan”: he was the one who told the Plaintiff he was in a position to return
the “loan” (a)fter he obtained further overdraft facilities and seeing that
the construction works at the Property were halfway completed”. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

[215] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

Both parts of his account of events turned out to be unfounded. While the
initial overdraft facility of $530,000 was granted in March 1993, the further
overdraft facilities were clearly obtained on dates well after 12 January
1994: on 2 December 1994 (increase to $900,000); 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

p 464 of the Joint Bundle of Supplemental Affidavits of Evidence-in-chief
(“JBASEIC 464”).

on 24 November 1995 (increase to $1.5 million); 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

1 AB 183.

and on 22 May 1997 (increase to $1.75 million). 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

1 AB 184.

As for the construction works at the Property, it was also clear from the
undisputed documentary records that construction works could not have even
started as at 12 January 1994, given that the letter of award to the main
contractors Teo & Liong was issued on July 1994. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

1 AB 125.

Eventually, the 2nd Defendant was obliged to concede that the construction
works at the Property had not started as at 12 January 1994. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 51 line 23 to p 52 line 3.

The upshot, therefore, was that there was simply no coherent explanation as to
why he should have suddenly decided to “repay” the “loan” on 12 January 1994.

108 In the circumstances, I agreed with the Plaintiff’s submission – that the
Defendants’ claims about the “repayment” on 12 January 1994 was simply a piece
of reverse-engineering on their part. As the Plaintiff pointed out, the
Defendants’ pleadings originally made no mention of a “loan”. It was only
after the disclosure of the Plaintiff’s documentary evidence – in the course
of the summary judgement application - of his payment of the purchase price
from OCBC Account 1 that the Defendants came up with the story of a “loan” of
“Neo Family monies” from OCBC Account 1. Since there was no evidence of a
“repayment” of $370,000 made by the 2nd Defendant to OCBC Account 1, the
transfer of $400,000 from OCBC Account 2 to OCBC Account 1 on 12 January 1994
was plainly the closest thing he could latch on to as the purported
“repayment” – hence the odd mismatch between the “loan” figure and the
“repayment” amount, and the absence of any cogent reasons for making
“repayment” in January 1994.

109 For the above reasons, I rejected the Defendants’ contention that the
$400,000 transfer from OCBC Account 2 to OCBC Account 1 on 12 January 1994
represented the 2nd Defendant’s repayment of the “loan” taken from OCBC
Account 1 in 1991.

The formation of a purchase price resulting trust

110 There was no dispute between the parties on the legal principles
applicable, as the Defendants acknowledged that both sides were relying on a
purchase price resulting trust. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

[171] of the Defendants’ Closing Submissions.

Both sides were also agreed that the Court of Appeal has in Chan Yuen Lan v
See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Tab 2 DBOA.

set out the applicable legal principles. As the Defendants put it in their
closing submissions, 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

[173] of the Defendants’ Closing Submissions; see also [11]-[13] of the
Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions.

the purchase price resulting trust “arises because the law presumes that A, in
paying for the purchase of the property, did not intend to pass a beneficial
interest to B, who gave no or unequal consideration for the property”.

111 In the present case, the 1st Defendant – as the legal owner – accepted
from the outset that she had no beneficial interest in the Property. The chief
issue in contention all along was who had paid for the Property – and thus,
who was entitled to a purchase price resulting trust in respect of the
Property. For the reasons set out in in these grounds, I was satisfied that
the Plaintiff had paid for the Property with his own monies in 1991. I
rejected the 2nd Defendant’s contention that it was he who had paid for the
Property - whether with a “loan” from “Neo Family monies” in OCBC Account 1 as
he claimed in his AEIC and through much of his testimony, or with monies from
Medway Investment’s account as he belatedly alleged in cross-examination. I
was satisfied that it was the Plaintiff who was fully the beneficial owner of
the Property by virtue of a purchase price resulting trust.

Other objective evidence pointing to the Plaintiff’s beneficial ownership of
the Property

112 I also found that in addition to the evidence of payment of the purchase
price, there was other, objective evidence pointing to the Plaintiff’s
beneficial ownership of the Property.

Payment of property tax

113 Firstly, insofar as property tax on the Property was concerned, while the
Plaintiff and the 2nd Defendant each claimed to have paid the property tax
prior to 1996, neither produced any documentary records or other evidence of
such payment. From 1996 onwards, however, it was not disputed that the
property was paid via GIRO deduction from OCBC Account 2. Having found that
OCBC Account 2 was controlled by the Plaintiff and that the funds in it were
his, I was satisfied that the GIRO payments of the property tax from 1996
onwards were made by the Plaintiff. I accepted the Plaintiff’s evidence as to
the deposits made by him into OCBC Account 2 to meet the deductions for
property tax. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

See e.g. 1 JBAEIC 255-256. 263, 269, 272, 278.

As the Plaintiff highlighted in closing submissions, the 2nd Defendant failed
to identify any deposits he had made into OCBC Account 1 for the purpose of
paying property tax. The fact that the Plaintiff was the one paying property
tax from 1996 onwards constituted additional evidence of his beneficial
ownership of the Property.

114 In this connection, whilst a considerable amount of time was expended in
cross-examining the Plaintiff 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

See transcript of 23 May 2019 at p 64 line 18 to p 107 line16.

about the handwritten annotations on those copies of the bank statements
exhibited in court, I did not find anything sinister about these annotations.
Certainly I did not accept the Defendants’ allegation that they showed the
Plaintiff to be “tampering” with the evidence. In brief, the Defendants
claimed that copies of some of the bank statements exhibited in court carried
handwritten annotations indicating the payment of property tax by the
Plaintiff, whereas these annotations were missing from the originals of the
bank statements. The Plaintiff explained, however, that although he had
initially erased all markings from the copies of the bank statements submitted
to court, he had subsequently decided to add to these copies handwritten words
such as “Neo Aik Soo pay property tax” in big bold letters to remind himself
what the entries were about, and also because his eyesight was not good. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

See transcript of 23 May 2019 at p 105 line 1 to p 107 line16; p 143 line 6 to
p 147 line 8.

The Plaintiff also testified that in submitting the copies of the bank
statements to court, he had erased markings in which he had previously
recorded shortfalls in the rent collected by the 2nd Defendant on his behalf:
as the Plaintiff pointed out, if he had wanted to present a self-serving
version of the statements, it would have been to his advantage – and to the
2nd Defendant’s disadvantage - to retain such markings. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

See transcript of 23 May 2019 at p 107 lines 1 to 12.

115 Having seen and heard the Plaintiff in the witness stand, I believed he
was telling the truth regarding the handwritten annotations. In my view, if
the Plaintiff had wanted to tamper with the bank records in order to mislead
the court into accepting his beneficial ownership of the Property, then it
made no sense to do so in such a clumsy and limited manner.

116 For the record, I should add that although the Plaintiff tended to be
long-winded and given to occasional rambling in the witness stand, on the
whole I found him to be a truthful witness whose version of events was
supported by objective evidence.

Reimbursement of income tax payments by the 1st Defendant

117 Secondly, it was not disputed that the 1st Defendant had to pay income tax
on the rental income derived from the Property because she was its legal
owner. It was also not disputed that since the 1st Defendant was not the
beneficial owner of the Property, she should not be ultimately liable for the
income tax and should be entitled to seek reimbursement. The evidence showed
that it was the Plaintiff and not the 2nd Defendant who reimbursed the 1st
Defendant for the income tax she paid on rental income from the Property. It
was not disputed that the total amount reimbursed came to $50,000. This was
made up of two payments: $20,000 paid to the 1st Defendant by the Plaintiff
sometime around 2013, 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 52 line 7 to p 54 line 13.

after she approached him with a note summarising her total tax liability at
$43,749-67; 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

1 AB 311.

and $30,000 paid by the Plaintiff at Mr Lim’s office on 10 December 2016.

118 In my view, it was clear that the 1st Defendant sought reimbursement of
her income tax payments from the Plaintiff – and not the 2nd Defendant –
because she was aware that the Plaintiff was the beneficial owner of the
Property.

119 The 1st Defendant’s testimony on this issue was quite telling. She
admitted in cross-examination that it was the Plaintiff – and not the 2nd
Defendant - whom she had asked for reimbursement of her income tax payments.
231

##### Foot Note 231

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 59 lines 10 to 16.

She added that the rental from the Property was deposited into OCBC Account 2
and that it was the Plaintiff who made use of the rental monies so deposited.
232

##### Foot Note 232

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 59 lines 16 to 24.

However, she insisted that all the monies in OCBC Account 2 – including the
rental from the Property – belonged to the 2nd Defendant; that it was the 2nd
Defendant who was getting the rental from the Property and who could decide
what to do with the rental; and that it was the 2nd Defendant who had allowed
the Plaintiff to use the monies in OCBC Account 2. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 59 lines 21 to p 65 line 7.

It was put to her that following from what she claimed about the ownership of
the monies in OCBC Account 2 in general and of the rental in particular, she
should have asked the 2nd Defendant to reimburse her for the income tax she
paid on the rental. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 66 line 15 to p 67 line 16.

She disagreed. Her explanation was that she had asked the Plaintiff for
reimbursement because he had told her he was collecting the rental: in her
view, he was the one “who benefited from the rent”. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 69 lines 21 to 24.

This explanation made no sense because she conceded at the same time that both
the 2nd Defendant and the Plaintiff were collecting the rental from the
Property 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 68 lines 1 to 16.

– which meant that according to her narrative, both of them were benefiting
from the rental. She also conceded that she did not know how much of the
rental the Plaintiff collected.

120 It was plain to me that whilst the 1st Defendant could not deny that the
Plaintiff was the only person from whom she had sought and obtained
reimbursement of her income tax payments, she was desperate to avoid
acknowledging that she had asked him for reimbursement because he was the
beneficial owner of the Property. This led to her tying herself up in knots by
claiming that she had asked him for reimbursement because he was the one who
collected and benefited from the rent, and then conceding that the 2nd
Defendant too had been collecting the rent.

121 The 2nd Defendant appeared to realise the damage done by the 1st
Defendant’s testimony, as he sought to claim in the course of cross-
examination that he too had reimbursed the 1st Defendant for her income tax
payments. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 73 line 1 to p 75 line 14.

This was a claim which came out of the blue, since he had given no such
evidence in his AEIC and prior affidavits. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 75 lines 7 to 14.

In fact, he claimed that it was the 1st Defendant who had asked him for
reimbursement – which totally contradicted her evidence that she had never
sought reimbursement from him. When this contradiction was pointed out to him,
he replied that the 1st Defendant must have mistakenly thought that OCBC
Account 2 “was a joint account between [the Plaintiff] and [him]”. This
appeared to me to be an incongruous non-sequitur of a response, since it did
not explain why the 1st Defendant might have been mistaken about whether she
did ask him for reimbursement.

122 The rest of the 2nd Defendant’s evidence about his reimbursement of the
1st Defendant’s income tax payments was just as absurd. For example, he
claimed that the 1st Defendant asked him “four to five years ago” to reimburse
her a sum of “(a)round 2,000 to 3,000”. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 74 lines 6 to 10.

Given that the 1st Defendant’s total income tax liability apparently came up
to the mid- five figures, there seemed to me to be no sensible reason why she
would have asked the 2nd Defendant to reimburse her a mere $2,000 to $3,000 –
especially when (on the 2nd Defendant’s own admission), she would already have
been retired by then and presumably no longer earning an income. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 74 lines 14 to 21.

123 Finally, whilst there was no documentary record of the 2013 payment of
$20,000, I observed that the $30,000 which the 1st Defendant admitted
receiving on 10 December 2016 was paid by the Plaintiff via a cheque drawn on
a UOB account he held jointly with his wife and sons. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

1 JBAEIC 320.

In other words, it could not be disputed that the Plaintiff made this payment
from his own funds. It was also not disputed that he has never been reimbursed
by the 2nd Defendant for the payment. In my view, it was unbelievable that the
Plaintiff would have willingly paid the 1st Defendant from his own funds in
reimbursement of her income tax liability if he were not the beneficial owner
of the Property – especially since the Defendants have repeatedly described
him as a “stingy” and “calculative” individual.

124 In the circumstances, I was satisfied that both Defendants were aware that
the reason why the 1st Defendant had sought reimbursement of income tax from
the Plaintiff – and the reason why the Plaintiff reimbursed her to the tune of
$50,000 – was because he was the beneficial owner of the Property.

The 31 July 2016 letter

125 Thirdly, the Defendants’ conduct vis-à-vis the letter of 31 July 2016 was
also illuminating. This was a letter drafted by the Plaintiff, which the 1st
Defendant signed, and which was copied to the 2nd Defendant. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

1 JBAEIC 318-319.

It was a letter by which the 2nd Defendant’s authority to act as the 1st
Defendant’s legal representative in managing the Property was terminated, and
the Plaintiff was appointed the only authorised legal representative. The
letter also provided for the increase in the monthly rental amount and
stipulated that all future rental was to be paid into an OCBC account which
was actually the Plaintiff’s personal account (held jointly with his son). If
– as the Defendants alleged – the Plaintiff was not the beneficial owner of
the Property, it was unbelievable that the 1st Defendant would have signed it
or that she would have refrained from informing the 2nd Defendant after
signing. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 29 line 25 to p 30 line 7.

126 Indeed, the 1st Defendant’s evidence about the signing of the 31 July 2016
letter was again riddled with contradictions and absurdities. She claimed that
she had been “forced” to sign the letter. When asked to explain what she meant
by “forced”, she initially stated: 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 27 lines 17 to 22.

Because… [the Plaintiff] came to… to my residence, with the letter and tell me
to sign. So I was forced to sign.

127 When asked to explain further what she meant, the 1st Defendant stated
that if she did not sign the letter, the Plaintiff would “harass” her. She was
asked what she meant by “harass”. She then claimed that the Plaintiff would
enter her house carrying a stick or an umbrella “each time” he visited her,
that he would “try to threaten” her, and that he would talk “very furiously”
to her. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 28 lines 2 to 22.

This was a startling claim which was not mentioned at all in her AEIC. In
fact, all she had said in her AEIC about being “forced” to sign the 31 July
2016 letter was that the Plaintiff "hastily made [her] sign” the letter
“without allowing [her] to read” it. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

[91] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

Even this allegation was retracted during the trial. In cross-examination, the
1st Defendant admitted that she had in fact been able to read and understand
the letter prior to signing it: that was how she had understood that the 2nd
Defendant would be “unhappy” about those portions of the letter which provided
for him to cease acting as her legal representative and which gave the
Plaintiff “full power of attorney” instead. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 29 lines 7 to 24.

128 I concluded that the 1st Defendant’s claims about having been “forced” to
sign the 31 July 2016 letter were bogus. I was satisfied that she had
willingly signed the letter, and that she raised no objections to it either
when signing it or at any time thereafter, because she was well aware that the
Plaintiff was acting within his rights as beneficial owners of the Property in
sending the letter.

129 As for the 2nd Defendant, while he was aware of the letter, there was no
evidence at all of his having raised any objections – even though he
acknowledged that he was “naturally very concerned” when he saw it. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

[241] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

In his AEIC, he said that he did nothing because he thought that the Plaintiff
merely wanted to “pocket the monthly rent of $10,000 to ease his cash flows”.
This seemed a most far-fetched explanation. After all, on his own evidence,
the 2nd Defendant had on previous occasions allowed the Plaintiff to collect
the rent “directly” when he “needed cash urgently”: 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

[196] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

there was no reason why the Plaintiff would have suddenly needed to go to the
lengths of drawing up the letter of 31 July 2016 if all he wanted was to
collect the rent.

130 The 2nd Defendant also claimed in his AEIC that he did not want to “end up
fighting” with the Plaintiff. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

[242] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

In cross-examination, however, he gave entirely different reasons. First he
said that it was “not necessary” for him to do anything about the letter
because the 1st Defendant had already told him it did not reflect her true
intention. This was not mentioned in his AEIC. It also conflicted with the 1st
Defendant’s evidence that she did not tell the 2nd Defendant about the letter
after signing it. Next, the 2nd Defendant claimed that he had also spoken to
the tenant Mr Ong, that “even the tenant knew that…this letter was not a true
reflection of [the 1st Defendant’s] intentions”, and that the tenant already
knew anyway that he (the 2nd Defendant) was the “actual owner” of the
Property. Again, this was not mentioned in his AEIC; nor was Mr Ong called to
give evidence of such a conversation. Finally, and most bizarrely, the 2nd
Defendant said he had discussed with the 1st Defendant and understood that the
letter was “invalid”, but that he had not written to the Plaintiff to point
out its invalidity because: 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

See transcript of 29 May 2019 at p 90 lines 7 to 14.

…[the 2nd Defendant] was my trustee and I am the owner. If I were to write
such a letter, wouldn’t it be rather conflicting? This would be something very
strange.

131 I found the 2nd Defendant’s evidence as to why he did nothing to challenge
the 31 July 2016 letter as nonsensical as the 1st Defendant’s. I was satisfied
that like the 1st Defendant, he too raised no objections to the 31 July 2016
letter because he was well aware that the Plaintiff was acting within his
rights as beneficial owner of the Property in sending the letter.

The Statutory Declaration, Power of Attorney and Deed of Indemnity signed on
10 December 2016

132 Finally, I found that the Statutory Declaration and the Power of Attorney
dated 10 December 2016 were signed by the 1st Defendant freely, willingly, and
without any duress being exercised over her. I rejected the Defendants’
contention in their closing submissions that the 1st Defendant had been
“conditioned to be intimidated” by the Plaintiff through “his pattern of
physical (threatened or executed) and non-physical threats”. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

[412] of the Defendants’ Closing Submissions.

In the first place, it must be pointed out that this formulation of the
Defendants’ case on duress was very far removed from the manner in which their
allegation of duress was pleaded. To recap, the particulars of duress pleaded
in the Defence and Counterclaim 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

[13] of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1), Tab 4 of the Setting
Down Bundle at pp 35-39.

were as follows:

(a) In November 2016, the Plaintiff had “scolded” the 1st Defendant for
signing a tenancy agreement to lease out the Property. In the same incident,
he had also “physically abused” her by throwing a metal measuring tape at her
and pulling her hair. This incident was also recounted in the 1st Defendant’s
AEIC. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

[67] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

(b) Geok Huwe and Aik Kheng had also “constantly pressured” the 1st Defendant
to transfer the Property to the Plaintiff. The 1st Defendant was taken to Mr
Lim’s office on 10 December 2018 without being told that she was going to a
law firm.

(c) At Mr Lim’s office, the 1st Defendant “felt compelled to remain quiet” as
she “was in the company of the Plaintiff, Neo Geok Huwe and Neo Aik Kheng”.

133 There was no mention in the Defendants’ pleadings of a “pattern of
physical (threatened or executed) and non-physical threats”. With respect, if
indeed the duress encountered by the 1st Defendant had consisted of such a
“pattern” of physical and non-physical threats, I would have expected this to
be clearly pleaded and particularised in the Defence and Counterclaim. Nor
were there any details recounted in the 1st Defendant’s AEIC of such a
“pattern” of physical and non-physical threats.

134 As to the allegation of duress exercised by Geok Huwe and Aik Kheng, the
1st Defendant was wholly unable to give any particular of the alleged acts of
“constant pressure” on their part. No such details were given at trial either.

135 I also did not believe the 1st Defendant’s contention that she had gone
along to Mr Lim’s office on 1 December 2016 without knowing the purpose of the
visit. On her own evidence, the Plaintiff had brought her to another lawyer
(one Mr Leong) “around August, September” 2016 because he was “trying to
transfer the [Property] out of [her] name to his name”, and it was Mr Leong
who had recommended them to see Mr Lim when he was unable to act in the matter
255

##### Foot Note 255

×

See transcript of 28 May 2019 at p 35 line 24 to p 36 line 20.

. I did not find it credible for the 1st Defendant to claim that when she
subsequently went to Mr Lim’s office some two months later, she had no idea
they would be dealing with the Property.

136 In any event, the 1st Defendant’s evidence on the issue of duress simply
could not be believed. For example, she claimed that she signed the Statutory
Declaration knowing it was untrue, because the Plaintiff had threatened her
with a stick or an umbrella each time he visited her home at 40J East Coast
Road, and also because she was “scared” that he would evict her from her home
if she failed to sign the documents. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 73 line 11 to p 75 line 14.

However, these allegations about the Plaintiff entering her house with a
“stick” or an “umbrella” “each time” he visited only surfaced for the first
time in the midst of cross-examination. As to her alleged fear of eviction,
she herself testified that the Plaintiff had told her in early 2016 he wanted
to evict her – and that she had responded by telling him: “If you give me a 5
million money, I will definitely get out”. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 75 lines 3 to 10.

Her own admission that she was capable of such a feisty response gave the lie
to the Defendants’ submission that she had been “conditioned to be
intimidated” by the Plaintiff through “his pattern of physical (threatened or
executed) and non-physical threats”.

137 Most damning of all was the testimony of the two lawyers, Mr Lim and Mr
Ng. Both were clear and firm in testifying that they had explained to the 1st
Defendant the contents of the documents to be signed, that she had
acknowledged her understanding, that she had appeared to be acting
independently and carefully, and that nothing about the signing of these
documents of her demeanour raised any red flags or suggested she might have
been under duress. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

See e.g. [21] of Mr Lim’s AEIC and [33] of Mr Ng’s AEIC.

In fact, it was Mr Lim’s evidence that the 1st Defendant participated freely
in the discussion about the documents to be signed – contrary to the 1st
Defendant’s assertion that she had felt compelled to keep quiet. Whilst the
1st Defendant claimed that she had merely commented on her payment of income
tax without asking the Plaintiff for reimbursement, Mr Lim recalled clearly
that it was the 1st Defendant who brought up the fact that she had been paying
income tax on the rental from the Property and who asked the Plaintiff to
reimburse her $30,000. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

[9] of Mr Lim’s AEIC.

Mr Lim also observed that the Plaintiff had appeared surprised at this request
but had agreed to it.

138 Mr Lim also recalled that in response to his query, the 1st Defendant had
confirmed that the Plaintiff was to receive the proceeds of sale of the
Property – but that before signing the Power of Attorney, she had
“interjected” that the Plaintiff should compensate her for all the years she
had taken care of the Property. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

[13] of Mr Lim’s AEIC.

Again the Plaintiff agreed to this request – and this was how Mr Lim came to
include a provision in the Power of Attorney (clause 5) for the payment of
$100,000 to the 1st Defendant out of the net sale proceeds.

139 Mr Lim further recalled that the 1st Defendant was also the one who raised
the issue of how she would be protected if the Plaintiff should mismanage the
Property and expose her to liability. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

[15] of Mr Lim’s AEIC; see also transcript of 21 May 2019 at p 36 lines 8 to
18.

This was how Mr Lim came to be instructed to prepare the Deed of Immunity.
Again, this contrasted with the 1st Defendant’s evidence that she had never
asked for any such protection.

140 Mr Lim was not shaken in cross-examination on his recollection of the
above matters. He also had no reason to lie about any of these things. His
evidence thus showed that the 1st Defendant was a willing participant in the
discussions on 10 December 2016; that far from being cowed and silent, she was
well able to stand up for her own rights and to make demands of the Plaintiff;
and that her story at trial about being forced to sign the documents under
duress was a pack of lies.

141 I also accepted Mr Lim’s evidence that he did not meet with the 1st
Defendant on the day she collected the original Power of Attorney from his
office, nor did she speak to him personally to tell him she had been forced to
sign the documents. Again, there was no reason for him to lie about this.
Indeed, as an experienced lawyer of several decades’ standing, it would have
been quite astonishing if – in the face of such allegations – Mr Lim simply
made no response (which was what the 1st Defendant claimed).

142 In summary, therefore, I was satisfied that the 1st Defendant participated
voluntarily in the signing of the Statutory Declaration and the Power of
Attorney on 10 December 2016; that she knew very well what these documents
were about and what the consequences of signing them were; and that she later
sought – falsely - to disavow these documents only because she had allied
herself by then with the 2nd Defendant in his scheme to lay claim to the
Property. In my view, the Statutory Declaration in particular represented the
unambiguous acknowledgement by the 1st Defendant of the Plaintiff’s beneficial
ownership of the Property, a fact further supported by her voluntary and
concurrent execution of the Power of Attorney.

143 In the interests of completeness, I should note that while there was a
belated attempt on the 1st Defendant’s part to suggest that the Deed of
Immunity was also executed under duress, 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 84 lines 1 to 6.

I dismissed this suggestion as being wholly incredible. Not only was such an
allegation never pleaded in the Defence and Counterclaim, there was no reason
at all why the Plaintiff should have forced or coerced the 1st Defendant to
sign a document which was obviously in her interests and against his. That the
1st Defendant could come up with such a ridiculous suggestion in cross-
examination simply demonstrated that she had no regard for the truth.

Miscellaneous points

144 I make four final points. Firstly, while the 2nd Defendant tried to place
weight on the fact that he was the one who had signed the sale and purchase
agreement for the Property, I did not consider this fact to be particularly
helpful. I certainly did not see this as being probative of beneficial
ownership of the Property. This was because on the 2nd Defendant’s own
evidence, the Plaintiff had for many years entrusted him with most of the
negotiations and administrative matters relating to the sale and purchase of
various properties. Thus, for example, on the 2nd Defendant’s own evidence, in
respect of 83 Tras Street, it was he who had attended the public auction and
bid successfully for this property; and it was also he who had engaged and
dealt with the main contractors for A&A works to this property and obtained
the Certificate of Statutory Completion. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

[103]-[106] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

His signing of the sale and purchase agreement for the Keong Saik Property was
therefore consistent with the manner in which he had assisted the Plaintiff in
the latter’s property acquisitions over the years.

145 For the above reasons, I also gave no weight to the opinion expressed by
the architect Mr Lim HL that he thought it “odd” that the Plaintiff should not
have dealt with him directly on the A&A works for the Property if the
Plaintiff had been its true owner. As for Mr Lim HL’s evidence about the 2nd
Defendant claiming that he was the owner, I also did not find this evidence of
any real substantive value. After all, the Plaintiff too had produced
witnesses to say that he had made contemporaneous statements about his
ownership of the Property. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

See e.g. [22] and [24(a)] of Aik Kheng’s AEIC.

Such statements in themselves had to be assessed against the documentary
evidence and other objective evidence available; and as I have explained, the
documentary and other objective evidence in this case plainly supported the
Plaintiff’s case that he was the beneficial owner.

146 Thirdly, the Defendants contended that it was not believable that the
Plaintiff should have asked the 1st Defendant to hold the Property on trust
for him when he could have put it in the name of his wife, or registered it
under either Medway Realty or Medway Investments. However, I did not think
anything much turned on the availability of other persons or entities to hold
the Property. I saw no reason to doubt the Plaintiff’s explanations 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

See transcript of 22 May 2019 at p 59 line 20 to p 71 line 17, p 75 line 15 to
p 76 line 12.

: he feared that assets registered in his wife’s name would still be seized
upon by creditors if they came after him; it did not cross his mind to use
Medway Realty or Medway Investments as he was thinking of getting someone who
could help him look after what was “a unique red-light house”; and anyway his
wife would have had wanted a property in a red-light district registered under
her name or under a company associated with her. Such concerns did not apply
to the 1st Defendant; and since she was his younger sister, he trusted her.

147 Finally, I noted with regret that a not inconsiderable portion of the
Defendants’ evidence at trial and their closing submissions was devoted to
attacks on the Plaintiff’s character. For example, Neo Poh Gek was called as a
defence witness even though it was apparent from her AEIC and her testimony in
cross-examination that she knew nothing about the beneficial ownership of the
Property: 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

See e.g. transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 27 lines 16 to 18.

indeed, she admitted that the whole purpose of her AEIC was to “show [the
Plaintiff’s] character”. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

See transcript of 24 May 2019 at p 27 lines 19 to 25.

Large swathes of the closing submissions were also devoted to describing the
Plaintiff’s character in unflattering terms (“selfish and greedy”, “hot
tempered and callous”). 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

[375]-[398] of the Defendants’ Closing Submissions.

With respect, these submissions served no purpose other than to vent the
collective spleen of the two Defendants. I did not consider them to be of any
probative or persuasive value in the final consideration of the issue of
beneficial ownership of the Property.

Conclusion

148 For the reasons I have explained, I was satisfied that the Plaintiff had
proven his case and accordingly entered judgment for him in respect of the
reliefs prayed for 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

[235] of the Plaintiff’ Closing Submissions.

; specifically –

(a) A declaration that the Plaintiff was the owner of the entire beneficial
interest in the Property and that the Property was held by the 1st Defendant
wholly on trust for him;

(b) An order that the proceeds of sale of the Property – which were held in
court pursuant to ORC 6107 - be paid out to the Plaintiff as the beneficial
owner of the Property;

(c) An order that interest should run on these sale proceeds at 5.33% per
annum from the date of payment into court (28 September 2017).

149 I also dismissed the Counterclaim.

150 As to the costs of the action, it was not disputed that the Defendants had
failed to better the terms of an offer to settle served on them on 10 October
2018. The Plaintiff was therefore entitled to costs on an indemnity basis from
that date. After hearing submissions from the parties, I fixed the Plaintiff’s
costs of the action at $200,000 (excluding disbursement). Disbursements were
subsequently agreed between the parties.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judicial Commissioner

Philip Jeyaretnam SC, Paras Manohar Lalwani and Elias Benyamin Arun (Dentons
Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Lim Tahn Lin Alfred, Lye May-Yee Jaime and Lee Tat Weng, Daniel (Fullerton Law
Chambers LLC) for the first and second defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

