Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 166

Criminal Case No 53 of 2018

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
  
And

| Ewe Pang Kooi  
---|---  
  
JUDGMENT

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Criminal breach of trust by agent] —
[Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Ewe Pang Kooi

[2019] SGHC 166

High Court — Criminal Case No 53 of 2018  
Chan Seng Onn J  
28 May 2019

16 July 2019 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 Driven by an insatiable appetite for gambling, Ewe Pang Kooi (“the accused”)
pilfered about $41 million from his unwitting victims who had entrusted him to
manage their affairs and finances over the course of about ten years. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

PP v Ewe Pang Kooi [2019] SGHC 72 at [27].

Till date, after accounting for sums which the accused had deposited back into
the victim companies, about $24 million remain unrecovered. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Exhibit P124A.

It is fair to say that one man’s gambling habit came at a great price for
many.

2 In Public Prosecutor v Ewe Pang Kooi [2019] SGHC 72 (“Ewe conviction
judgment”), I convicted the accused on all 50 charges under s 409 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 22 charges under the 1985 Rev Ed; 28 charges under the 2008 Rev
Ed) (collectively, “PC”). Collectively, the 50 charges relate to the $41
million which the accused had misappropriated from his victims.

3 The prescribed sentence under s 409 PC is life imprisonment or an
imprisonment term of up to 20 years. The imprisonment term was raised from ten
years to 20 years in the 2008 Penal Code amendments (see Penal Code
(Amendment) Act 2007 (No. 51 of 2007), First Schedule at (34)). Such grave
penalties reflect the severity of the offences which the accused has been
charged with and convicted of.

Methodology in sentencing

4 In determining the appropriate sentence for the accused, I note that the
court in Public Prosecutor v Teo Cheng Kiat [2000] SGHC 129 (“Teo Cheng Kiat”)
stated at [26] that in cases “where there are multiple charges, it is of no
real practical significance what the individual sentences ought to be” (“the
global approach”).

5 While the end result may not differ significantly, as Chao Hick Tin JA (as
he then was) observed in Public Prosecutor v Syamsul Hilal bin Ismail [2012] 1
SLR 973 at [27], determining the appropriate sentence for each charge is
necessary for the court to properly comprehend the overall criminality of the
offender. Only thereafter can the court determine the appropriate global
sentence. Doing otherwise would be like putting the cart before the horse.

6 I therefore adopt the approach in Mohammed Shouffee bin Adam v Public
Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998, whereby it was noted that sentencing takes place
in two steps: first, I will consider the appropriate individual sentence for
each charge. In arriving at each sentence, I shall generally have regard to
the aggravating and mitigating factors, as well as the relevant sentencing
precedents. Second, in determining which of the sentences ought to run
consecutively and whether the individual sentences for those charges ordered
to run consecutively (which directly impact the total sentence) ought to be
adjusted, I shall have regard to, inter alia, the one-transaction rule and the
totality principle.

Sentences for individual offences

7 To arrive at the sentence for each of the accused’s 50 offences, I have
considered the relevant sentencing precedents for criminal breach of trust
(“CBT”), as well as the aggravating and mitigating factors in this case.

The preliminary sentence

8 In Wong Kai Chuen Philip v PP [1990] 2 SLR(R) 361 (“Philip Wong”), Chan Sek
Keong J (as he then was) observed at [18]:

In an offence like criminal breach of trust, it is a matter of common sense
that, all other things being equal, the larger the amount dishonestly
misappropriated the greater the culpability of the offender and the more
severe the sentence of the court.

9 Hence, in CBT offences, the key indicator of the harm perpetrated as well as
the culpability of the offender is the amount misappropriated. After this is
determined, a preliminary sentence may be derived. Following which, discounts
or uplifts to the preliminary sentence may be allowed in the particular case
depending on the aggravating and mitigating factors of each case.

Dataset of s 409 PC cases

10 With the above in mind, I proceed to review the following s 409 PC cases
(outliers highlighted in yellow; see [11] to [13] below):

Case| Amount misappropriated (Per charge)(S$)| Sentence (Months)| Notes  
---|---|---|---  
Sarjit Singh s/o Mehar Singh v PP [2002] 2 SLR(R) 1040Claimed trial| 4,815.24|
36|  
Viswanathan Ramachandran v PP [2003] 3 SLR(R) 435Claimed trial| 18,000
(estimated, amount misappropriated was US$9,000)| 15| Sentence to run
concurrently with an 18 months’ imprisonment term for a s 406 PC charge
involving US$35,000.Global sentence of 18 months’ imprisonment.  
Tan Tze Chye v PP [1997] 2 SLR 505Claimed trial| 1,000| 3| Sentences to run
concurrently.Global sentence of 3 months’ imprisonment.  
500| 0.75  
PP v See Lee Fong (District Arrest Case No 003057/2014 & others)Pleaded
guilty| 2,348| 4|  
PP v Sunny Choo Kay Huat (District Arrest Case No 033626/2012 & others)Pleaded
guilty| 4,400| 2|  
PP v See Boon Kwang [2003] SGDC 66Claimed trial| 5,000| 9| Sentences to run
consecutively.Global sentence of 18 months’ imprisonment.  
8,369.80| 9  
PP v Chan Weng Lim (MA/134/94/01)Claimed trial| 15,000| 36|  
PP v Tan Chong Pang Victor (District Arrest Case No 047721/2008 & others)Pleaded guilty| 32,484 | 30| Sentence to run consecutively with a 24 months’ imprisonment term for a s 406 PC charge involving $73,795.50.Global sentence of 54 months’ imprisonment.  
Muthukumaran Ramaiyan v PP [2015] SGHC 230Claimed trial| 24,000| 8|
Restitution of $8,000 made  
PP v Leong Wai Nam [2010] 2 SLR 284Pleaded guilty| 4,000| 12| Consecutive  
1,300| 10| Concurrent  
1,500| 10| Concurrent  
48,000| 36| Consecutive  
Francis Wee Lam Khoon v PP (MA 332/96/01)Pleaded guilty| 55,561.29| 20|
Sentence to run consecutively with a 16 months’ imprisonment term for a s 408
PC charge involving $35,687.Global sentence was 36 months.  
PP v Eugene Sim (District Arrest Case No 932514/2016 & 1 other)Pleaded guilty|
135,846.68| 28| Other s 409 PC charges involving $84,567.92 taken into
consideration (“TIC”) for sentencing; total sum of 220,414.60
misappropriated.Global sentence of 28 months.No restitution.  
PP v Guo Linnan (District Arrest Case No 940366/2015 & others) Pleaded guilty| 130,000 | 22| Restitution of $94,767.45 (approximately 72.9% of amount misappropriated).  
PP v Mohammed Rafi bin Abdul Rashid [2016] SGDC 271Pleaded guilty| 115,715.76|
28| No restitution.  
Wong Kai Chuen Philip v PP [1990] 2 SLR(R) 361  
  
| 143,220.15| 36| Sentences to run consecutively.Global sentence of 72 months
for misappropriating a total of $1.84m (including TIC-ed charges).No
restitution.  
683,039.40| 36  
PP v Tan Cheng Yew and another appeal [2013] 1 SLR 1095Claimed trial|
1,500,000| 72| Sentences to run consecutively.Global sentence of 144 months’
imprisonment.No restitution.  
1,940,724.97| 72  
  
11 Plotting the cases involving amounts of up to $150,000 on a graph, it can
be seen that certain cases buck the trend and may be regarded as outliers, to
which no weight ought to be given in determining the appropriate preliminary
sentence (see Graph 1: four outliers marked as red triangular points):

  
Graph 1

12 When all the cases are plotted on a graph (ie, not limited to cases up to
$150,000), it can also be seen that, apart from the four red triangular points
marked above, an additional point (new outlier identified and marked as a
yellow rectangular point) also bucks the trend (see Graph 2: four earlier
outliers marked as red triangular points, one new outlier marked as a yellow
rectangular point):

  
Graph 2

13 The new outlier, marked as a yellow rectangular point, represents the 36
months’ imprisonment term which the accused in Philip Wong received for a s
409 PC charge involving $143,220.15. It may be contrasted with the 28, 22 and
28 months’ imprisonment terms which the accused persons in Public Prosecutor v
Eugene Sim (District Arrest Case No 932514/2016 & 1 other), Public Prosecutor
v Guo Linnan (District Arrest Case No 940366/2015 & others) and Public
Prosecutor v Mohammed Rafi bin Abdul Rashid [2016] SGDC 271 received for s 409
PC charges involving $135,846, $130,000 and $115,716 respectively. As the
accused persons in all four cases pleaded guilty, the new outlier may be
caused by two factors: (a) first, Philip Wong is a relatively dated case, and
the sum of $148,220.15 would have been a lot more significant in 1990 than it
is today. Second, and more crucially, the accused in Philip Wong faced two s
409 PC charges, with the other charge involving $683,039.40. For the
$683,039.40 charge, the judge also sentenced the accused to 36 months’
imprisonment, which sentence was to run consecutively with the sentence for
the $148,220.15 charge, giving the offender a global sentence of 72 months’
imprisonment. Hence, it is likely that the judge in Philip Wong similarly
adopted the global approach advocated in the later case of Teo Cheng Kiat,
such that little regard was given to the individual sentences in the case.

Best fit curves for s 409 cases (without outliers)

14 Disregarding the five highlighted outliers, the following best fit curves
for the s 409 PC cases are revealed (see Graphs 3 and 4):

  
Graph 3

Legend to Graph 3  
---  
Blue dotted curve| Best fit curve for s 409 PC cases (without outliers) for
amounts up to $150,000  
Orange triangles| Contested s 409 PC cases for amounts up to $150,000 (without
outliers)  
Green rectangles| Uncontested s 409 PC cases for amounts up to $150,000
(without outliers)  
  
  
Graph 4

Legend to Graph 4  
---  
Blue dotted curve| Best fit curve for s 409 PC cases (without outliers) for
amounts up to $2,000,000  
Orange triangles| Contested s 409 PC cases (without outliers)  
Green rectangles| Uncontested s 409 PC cases (without outliers)  
  
15 Evaluating the respective best fit curves as depicted by the blue dotted
curves in Graphs 3 and 4, it can be seen that the sentences for s 409 PC
offences do not bear a directly linear relationship with the sums involved
(see also Public Prosecutor v Tan Cheng Yew and another appeal [2013] 1 SLR
1095 at [184]). Furthermore, while s 409 PC offences are punished harshly from
the get-go, the sentences appear to increase more sharply for the lower sums,
and the rate of increase in the sentence trails off as the amount
misappropriated increases. This does not mean that the harm or culpability
trails off as the sums increase. Rather, it is a reflection of the limited
lifespan of an individual, which prohibits a directly linear relationship
between the sums misappropriated and the length of the sentences imposed.

16 Furthermore, while the cases analysed largely pre-date the 2008 amendments
to the PC, whereby the sentencing range for s 409 PC was increased from ten
years’ imprisonment to 20 years’ imprisonment, I find that this amendment is
not intended to make sentences for s 409 PC cases more stringent and to
invalidate the existing precedents for the section. To be clear, the maximum
sentence for s 409 PC was and still is life imprisonment. The amendments only
increase the maximum term of imprisonment (from ten years to 20 years’
imprisonment) in a case where life imprisonment is not meted out. This expands
the sentencing band for judges, and helps ensure that cases which warrant a
sentence of more than ten years’ imprisonment (but which do not warrant a life
imprisonment term) may be met with the appropriate sentence of up to 20 years’
imprisonment. Hence, the precedents which pre-date the amendments remain
relevant insofar as they continue to serve as a good guide as to what the
appropriate sentence ought to be in cases where life imprisonment is not meted
out.

17 This was in fact Parliament’s intention when the 2008 amendments to the PC
were passed. During the second reading of the Penal Code (Amendment) Bill, it
was noted as follows (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (23
October 2007) vol 83, at col 2439 (Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee, Senior Minister of
State for Home Affairs):

… we must leave it to the courts to mete out punishment. … This is the point
that I want to address when Mr Lim Biow Chuan asks whether what we have done
will lead automatically to fines or punishments going up. I do not think so.
He has mentioned, for example, the benchmarks, the sentencing guidelines, that
the courts have. I think the guidelines will continue. It does not mean that
automatically when the maximum punishment is raised, the punishment will go
up. Because every punishment must depend on the facts of the case. And I think
the new Chief Justice has mentioned that the punishment should fit the crime
as well as the offender… [emphasis added]

18 Hence, applying the equations derived from the respective blue dotted
curves in Graphs 3 and 4, which reflect the s 409 PC precedents (with
appropriate adjustments to Graph 4 to ensure the meeting of both best fit
curves at the $150,000 mark), the following graph presents the appropriate
preliminary sentence for amounts up to $2,000,000 (Graph 5):

  
Graph 5

Legend to Graph 5  
---  
Blue dotted curve | Sentences for amounts up to $150,000Note 1: Identical to curve in Graph 3  
Orange dashed curve | Sentences for amounts from $150,000 to $2,000,000Note 2: Same shape as curve in Graph 4, with appropriate adjustment to ensure meeting of the curve with the blue dotted line (curve in Graph 3)  
Orange triangles| Contested s 409 PC cases (without outliers)  
Green rectangles| Uncontested s 409 PC cases (without outliers)  
  
19 For the s 409 PC charges involving amounts exceeding $2,000,000, there is a
lack of precedents to guide the determination of the appropriate sentence for
each charge. This stems from the frequent application of the global approach
advocated in Teo Cheng Kiat for cases involving larger sums. Nonetheless, as
noted above, after the 2008 amendments to the PC, the maximum sentence (less
life imprisonment) for s 409 PC is now 20 years’ imprisonment. With this in
mind, and utilising the gradient at the highest point of the orange dashed
curve in Graph 5 above (ie, the curve for sentences for amounts from $150,000
to $2,000,000) and projecting that line linearly upwards, I arrive at the
following sentencing curve for s 409 PC (Graph 6):

  
Graph 6

Legend to Graph 6  
---  
Blue dotted curve| Sentences for amounts up to $150,000  
Orange dashed curve| Sentences for amounts from $150,000 to $2,000,000  
Grey straight line| Sentences for amounts from $2,000,000 to $12,000,000  
  
20 Reflecting the curves and line in formulaic terms, the preliminary
sentences for s 409 PC cases can be classed into the following sentencing
bands:

(a) Band 1: Amounts up to $150,000: y = 0.1724x0.4296, where y is the
preliminary sentence in months, and x is the amount of dollars misappropriated
under the particular s 409 PC charge;

(b) Band 2: Amounts from $150,000 to $2,000,000: y = (0.2105x0.4055) + 2.42;

(c) Band 3: Amounts from $2,000,000 to $12,000,000: y = (![Math
Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)
x 162) + 78.

21 As can be seen from Graph 6 and the formula for Band 3, the preliminary
sentence for an individual s 409 PC charge involving $12,000,000 is the
maximum of 20 years’ (240 months) imprisonment. In cases where the offender
faces charge(s) involving sums exceeding $12,000,000, the discretion lays with
the sentencing judge, after considering the aggravating and mitigating factors
of the case, as well as the totality principle, to impose a life imprisonment
term on the offender.

22 That $12,000,000 is the point whereby the preliminary sentence is 20 years’
imprisonment is broadly in accordance with the following cases of financial
crime involving large sums of money, which serve as good guideposts as to
whether the preliminary sentence proposed is excessive or inadequate (Graph
7):

Case| Nature of charges| Gross Amount involved | Net Amount involved (After accounting for recovered sums/restitution)| Sentence (Years)  
---|---|---|---|---  
PP v Lam Chen Fong [2002] 2 SLR(R) 599| s 409 (CBT as agent)| 8,800,000|
7,790,000| 22  
Wong Kai Chuen Philip v PP [1990] 2 SLR(R) 361| s 409 (CBT as agent)|
1,841,232.36| 1,841,232.36| 6  
PP v Tan Cheng Yew and another appeal [2013] 1 SLR 1095| s 409 (CBT as
attorney)| 4,820,724.97| 4,820,724.97| 12  
PP v Teo Cheng Kiat [2000] SGHC 129| s 408 (CBT as servant)| 35,000,000|
14,000,000| 24  
PP v Koh Seah Wee and another [2012] 1 SLR 292| s 420 (Cheating)| 12,100,000|
3,470,000| 22  
PP v Chia Teck Leng [2004] 4 SLR(R) 39| s 420 (Cheating) and s 467 (Forgery of
valuable security)| 117,000,000| 82,300,000| 42  
PP v Setho Oi Lin @ Setho Irene [2018] SGDC 82| s 420 (Cheating)| 10,541,530|
6,891,530| 12  
PP v Linda Lee (Unreported; HC/MA 9288/2017)| s 420 (Cheating)| 10,143,300|
9,233,075.64| 12.5  
PP v Koh Chek Seng (Unreported)| s 420 (Cheating)| 6,163,771| 6,163,771| 10  
PP v Don Brendan Robert [2016] SGDC 208| s 420 (Cheating)| 2,357,986|
2,357,986| 7  
  
  
Graph 7

Legend to Graph 7  
---  
Blue dotted curve| Sentences for amounts up to $150,000  
Orange dashed curve| Sentences for amounts from $150,000 to $2,000,000  
Grey straight line| Sentences for amounts from $2,000,000 to $12,000,000  
Green triangles| Cases of financial crimes involving up to $12,100,000 (Gross
amount) Note 1: PP v Teo Cheng Kiat [2000] SGHC 129 and PP v Chia Teck Leng
[2004] SGHC 68 are excluded as they involve far larger gross sums, and their
inclusion would extend the x-axis (amount involved) significantly, thereby
making it difficult to see the relationship between the cases and the
sentencing trend-line.  
  
23 Prior to turning to the aggravating and mitigating factors, which can be
used to calibrate the preliminary sentence upwards or downwards, I caution
that the preliminary sentences which are derived from the curves or their
attendant formulas apply to contested s 409 PC cases, meaning cases where
convictions are entered following trial. There are two reasons for this, as
explained in Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449
(“Terence Ng”) at [40]:

The first is based on sentencing theory. The mitigating value of a plea of
guilt cannot be fixed, but is personal to the particular offender, and it is
affected by factors such as the degree of remorse displayed and the extent to
which the offender had “no choice” but to plead guilty because he had been
caught in flagrante delicto … The second is an argument based on
constitutional principle. The law accords every accused person a basic right
to plead not guilty and to claim trial to a charge (see Kuek Ah Lek v PP
[1995] 2 SLR(R) 766 at [65]). If the benchmarks were set by reference to
uncontested cases then it would follow that an uplift should be applied where
an offender claims trial. This would lead to the “appearance” that offenders
who claim trial are being penalised for exercising their constitutional right
to claim trial (see, generally, the decision of the New South Wales Court of
Criminal Appeal in R v Henry [1999] NSWCCA 111 at [333] per Simpson J).
[emphasis in original]

24 It is noted that the same court in Terence Ng noted at [41] that, in the
appropriate case whereby “the ‘typical case’ is one where the charge is
uncontested, … fixing the benchmark sentence by reference to an uncontested
case [would] make eminent sense”. Of the 16 s 409 PC cases analysed, seven
were contested, while nine were uncontested. Discounting the five s 409 PC
cases which were regarded as outliers, five cases were contested, while seven
were uncontested. Therefore, similar to the case of Terence Ng, whereby of the
25 rape cases analysed, it was an almost even split whereby 13 cases were
contested while 12 were uncontested, it cannot be said that the typical s 409
PC case is uncontested. Furthermore, as seen in Graphs 3 and 4 at [14] above,
it is not the case that the sentences in uncontested cases are consistently
lighter than the sentences in contested cases involving similar amounts.
Rather, the sentences in uncontested and contested cases fall on both sides of
the respective best fit curves in Graphs 3 and 4.

25 Hence, prudence requires that the preliminary sentences apply to contested
cases, with appropriate discounts to be made in uncontested cases, depending
on the degree of remorse shown by an offender who pleads guilty.

Aggravating and mitigating factors

Aggravating factors

26 Turning to the aggravating factors, the first aggravating factor is the
significant degree of premeditation in this case (Public Prosecutor v Law Aik
Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“Law Aik Meng”) at [22]). In each of the charges,
the accused devised a complex scheme which involved a mix of cash payments and
encashment of cheques into various company bank accounts which he controlled
(see the Annex to Ewe conviction judgment). The careful planning on the
accused’s part is therefore apparent.

27 Furthermore, to avoid detection, the accused would use moneys from the bank
accounts of his various victims to reinstate the amounts that he had taken
from other companies (Ewe conviction judgment at [16]). This allowed his
scheme to go undiscovered for almost ten years, from February 2002 to July
2012. Such active and consistent steps taken to avoid detection for a
prolonged period is a further aggravating factor: Public Prosecutor v Fernando
Payagala Waduge Malitha Kumar [2007] 2 SLR(R) 334 at [42]–[43].

28 The offence also adversely impacts the integrity of the local economic
infrastructure, and constitutes one of the most severe forms of abuse of
authority (Law Aik Meng at [24(c)] and [24(e)]). As the Prosecution
highlighted in their submissions, the role of a liquidator in our corporate
and financial system is vital, and great trust is placed on them to carry out
their functions honestly and fairly, as seen by the provision that liquidators
take over all the assets and liabilities of a company during the winding-up
process. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Prosecution’s Submission on Sentencing at para 17.

In all of the accused’s offences, he had, whether as liquidator, receiver, or
manager of his clients, abused the significant amount of trust they placed on
him to manage their financial affairs with integrity. Instead, he helped
himself to the large sums of money which he had access to by virtue of the
various capacities he held. It is of utmost importance that the law comes down
harshly to deter such conduct involving criminal breach of trust by those
entrusted with property in the way of their business as professional agents.
Such conduct, if left to proliferate, would “erode the open halls of trust and
erect the high walls of suspicion” and could “lead to ever more stringent
checks … on honest businesses with the attendant impact in terms of time and
costs” (Public Prosecutor v Chia Teck Leng [2004] SGHC 68 (“Chia Teck Leng”)
at [42]). More importantly, it would severely tarnish Singapore’s reputation
as a financial and business hub of the region.

29 Finally, the accused’s offences affected several victims (Law Aik Meng at
[25(e)]. The 50 charges which the accused was convicted of involve the
misappropriation of funds which rightfully belonged to 22 companies and one
individual. This amounts to dishonesty on a large scale, with the attendant
impact of his misdeeds suffered by many victims, as about $24 million remains
unrecovered. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Exhibit P124A.

Mitigating factors

30 I give weight to the full co-operation provided by the accused throughout
the investigations. Once his ruse was discovered, he assisted the
investigation officers and explained each of the transactions he was involved
in, thereby shedding light on the full extent of his criminal enterprise.
Furthermore, while the accused claimed trial, he had, together with the
Prosecution, agreed to a comprehensive statement of facts which detailed the
material facts in relation to all 50 charges. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

See Statement of Agreed Facts.

As a result, the sole dispute during trial was the narrow issue of whether the
accused had dishonestly misappropriated money “in the way of his business as
an agent” within the meaning of s 409 PC (Ewe conviction judgment at [42]).

31 I also give some allowance for the indirect partial restitution furnished
by the accused. As part of his attempts to cover up his misappropriation from
his respective victims, the accused deposited in excess of $17 million back
into the various entities. Hence, while about $41 million was misappropriated
by him, the net shortfall, which represents the actual loss to the victims, is
about $24 million. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Exhibit P124A.

32 Next, I recognise that the accused is untraced. However, I caution that
less weight is given in this case than in an ordinary case, given that the
accused has been charged with multiple offences which were committed over a
long period of time (see Chen Weixiong Jerriek v Public Prosecutor [2003] 2
SLR(R) 334 at [17]). Nonetheless, some weight is accorded to this factor as
“where a person of mature age commits a first offence some credit might be
given for the fact that he has passed most of his life with a clean record and
the prospects for rehabilitation may also be taken to be better.” (Yap Ah Lai
v Public Prosecutor [2014] 3 SLR 180 (“Yap Ah Lai”) at [89])

33 The Defence tendered a report from Winslow Clinic which stated that the
accused was “suffering from an untreated Gambling Disorder” which “took on a
life of its own and clouded his judgment”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plea in Mitigation in Sentence, Tab A, p 4 at para 13.

I do not find this to be a mitigating factor. In Koh Chee Tong v Public
Prosecutor [2016] SGHC 192 at [8]–[10], See Kee Oon JC (as he then was) noted
that unless a person’s gambling disorder had a direct causal link to his
commission of the offences, “specific deterrence remains relevant
notwithstanding the existence of a mental disorder.” While it is undisputed
that much of the amounts misappropriated by the accused were used to fund his
gambling habit, this does not in any way reduce the accused’s culpability. As
observed in the report from Winslow Clinic, the accused himself informed that
“after he lost money gambling, he would use his clients’ money to cover and
pay off first, as well as to continue to gamble. The pattern has been repeated
for so long that it has become automatic.” 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plea in Mitigation in Sentence, Tab A, p 3 at para 8.

This reveals how the accused had allowed his gambling addiction to not only
take control of his personal finances, but also ruin him to the extent that he
saw fit to use moneys from his clients’ account to cover his losses and to
continue feeding his own gambling habit. In essence, the accused was driven by
personal greed and the need to fuel his gambling habit to commit the offences
which he did. In so doing, the accused knowingly used moneys which were
entrusted in him for his personal vices which had clouded his good judgment.
At best, this undiagnosed gambling addiction provides the motivation for the
accused’s offences. Without a direct causal link to his commission of the
offences, I cannot see how it can in any sense be deemed mitigating (see also
Public Prosecutor v Lam Chen Fong [2002] 2 SLR(R) 599 at [29] and Chia Teck
Leng at [36]).

Final sentences for each s 409 PC charge

34 Having considered the aggravating and mitigating factors of the case, I
note the need for the court to come down harshly on the accused so as to deter
likeminded offenders who, by virtue of their elevated position of trust, are
given access to large sums of money which may be misappropriated for their
personal gain. Nonetheless, I also note that the accused had cooperated fully
during the investigations and had not disputed the facts in court, thereby
saving the investigative authorities and the court a significant amount of
time and resources. Furthermore, the net loss to his victims is about $24
million, even though the charges disclose that a total of about $41 million
had been misappropriated. Accordingly, I find that a 15% discount from each of
the preliminary sentences is appropriate.

35 Applying the formulas which reflect the sentencing curves for s 409 PC
cases (at [20] above), the final sentence (in months) for each of the 50
charges which the accused had been convicted of are as follows:

Charge | TRC No/2015| Offence| Capacity| Amount (S$)| Preliminary Sentence (Months) Without any discounting| Final Sentence (Months) With 15% discount, rounded to the nearest whole month   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
1| 900001| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)| Liquidator of 21 companies|  $ 120,000 | 26.2152| 22  
2| 900004| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 8,000 | 8.19039| 7  
3| 900005| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 500,000 | 45.4909| 39  
4| 900006| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 3,000 | 5.37413| 5  
5| 900007| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 150,000 | 28.8527| 25  
6| 900008| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 8,000 | 8.19039| 7  
7| 900010| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 717,000 | 52.27| 44  
8| 900009| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 10,000 | 9.01441| 8  
9| 900012| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 70,000 | 20.7966| 18  
10| 900011| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 85,000 | 22.6056| 19  
11| 900014| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 2,055,000 | 78.891| 67  
12| 900013| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 27,000 | 13.8118| 12  
13| 900016| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 163,000 | 29.7597| 25  
14| 900015| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 1,365,000 | 67.1415| 57  
15| 900018| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 725,000 | 52.4948| 45  
16| 900017| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 5,000 | 6.69291| 6  
17| 900020| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 1,438,752 | 68.5373| 58  
18| 900019| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 297,002 | 37.2903| 32  
19| 900022| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 148,135 | 28.698| 24  
20| 900021| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 19,483 | 12.0054| 10  
21| 900024| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)|  $ 22,695 | 12.8188| 11  
23| 900028| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 80,000 | 22.0244| 19  
24| 900026| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 8,520,000 | 183.624| 156  
25| 900027| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 878,020 | 56.5382| 48  
26| 900025| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 90,000 | 23.1675| 20  
27| 900050| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 2,025,040 | 78.4056| 67  
28| 900051| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 10,000 | 9.01441| 8  
29| 900052| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 6,103,028 | 144.469| 123  
30| 900046| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 375,000 | 40.7485| 35  
31| 900047| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 128,000 | 26.9522| 23  
32| 900048| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 25,000 | 13.3626| 11  
33| 900049| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 10,000 | 9.01441| 8  
34| 900042| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 10,000 | 9.01441| 8  
35| 900043| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 10,000 | 9.01441| 8  
36| 900044| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 60,000 | 19.464| 17  
37| 900045| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 10,000 | 9.01441| 8  
38| 900041| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 40,000 | 16.3524| 14  
39| 900040| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 9,000 | 8.61549| 7  
40| 900039| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 10,000 | 9.01441| 8  
41| 900038| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 10,000 | 9.01441| 8  
42| 900037| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 10,000 | 9.01441| 8  
43| 900036| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 454,585 | 43.8595| 37  
44| 900035| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 3,384,407 | 100.427| 85  
22| 900023| 409 (1985 Rev Ed)| Manager of TPI’s bank account|  $ 770,000 | 53.7326| 46  
45| 900034| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 1,033,000 | 60.2256| 51  
46| 900033| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 1,238,000 | 64.6286| 55  
47| 900032| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 5,170,000 | 129.354| 110  
48| 900031| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 1,860,000 | 75.7936| 64  
49| 900030| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)|  $ 510,000 | 45.8382| 39  
50| 900029| 409 (2008 Rev Ed)| Receiver for the assets of one Prem Ramchand Harjani|  $ 680,991 | 51.2392| 44  
  
Global sentence

36 Having calibrated the individual sentences, it is necessary to determine
which of the above sentences ought to run consecutively, and whether there
should be any adjustments to those sentences ordered to run consecutively.

37 In determining the appropriate aggregate sentence, reference is made to the
cases at [22] above, which involved offenders who had committed financial
crimes involving large sums of money. While such cases are not exclusively s
409 PC cases, plotting those cases on a best fit curve, it is seen that a
rough sentence for the present case, which involves a gross amount of about
$41 million, and a net amount of about $24 million (considering that about $17
million was recovered or restored), 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Exhibit P124A.

is about 28 to 29 years’ imprisonment (Graph 8):

  
Graph 8

Legend to Graph 8  
---  
Orange dashed curve and orange triangular markers| Global sentences for cases
involving large sums (gross amount)  
Blue dotted curve and blue round markers| Global sentences for cases involving
large sums (net amount: after deducting sums recovered and restitution)  
Purple rectangular marker| Indicative global sentence for gross amount ($41
million) misappropriated in this case  
Red diamond marker| Indicative global sentence for net amount ($24 million)
misappropriated in this case  
  
38 Considering the individual sentences alongside the aggravating and
mitigating factors discussed above, an aggregate sentence of 28 years appears
in keeping with the overall criminality of the accused.

39 However, I take note that the accused, who is presently 65 years old, is of
a relatively advanced age in light of the long sentence which he faces. Here,
the totality principle mandates that where the sentence is a long term of
imprisonment and where the offender is of an advanced age, the court ought not
to impose a sentence that effectively amounts to a life sentence, unless the
Legislature has prescribed a life sentence to the offence (Public Prosecutor v
UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 at [78]; see also Yap Ah Lai at [91]–[92]). Section 409
of the PC allows the court to impose life imprisonment as the sentence.

40 Nonetheless, given that the accused had also fully cooperated with the
authorities and is remorseful for his acts, imposing a life imprisonment term
will be excessive in my view. In this regard, I note that the Prosecution, who
has submitted for a sentence in the region of 30 years’ imprisonment, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Prosecution’s Submission on Sentence at para 64.

is also not asking for a life imprisonment term. In the circumstances, to
avoid giving a sentence that is tantamount to a life imprisonment term, I
order the sentences for the 24th, 47th and 50th charges to run consecutively,
with the result that the aggregate sentence is 310 months (25.8 years)
imprisonment. The 24th, 47th and 50th charges are selected as they represent
the charges with the largest sum in each of the three different capacities in
which the accused had misappropriated money from his clients, viz, as
liquidator, manager and receiver respectively.

Conclusion

41 I do not see the need to make adjustments to these individual sentences
ordered to run consecutively. The other sentences are to run concurrently.
With remission, the accused may have the chance of being released before his
passing. It is hoped that he will use this lifeline wisely, and use whatever
time he has remaining (whether in prison or otherwise) to strive to make
amends and reflect on the extreme gravity of his wrongdoing and the serious
monetary harm he has caused to all the clients who had fully entrusted him
with their monies.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Hon Yi and Nicholas Khoo (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Public
Prosecutor;  
Michael Khoo SC and Low Miew Yin Josephine (Michael Khoo & Partners) for the
accused.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

