Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGCA 63

Civil Appeal No 19 of 2019

Between

Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

Civil Appeal No 20 of 2019

Between

Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit 477 of 2015

Between

Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

And

Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant in Counterclaim

Judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Delay in completion] — [Reasonable time]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd and another appeal

[2019] SGCA 63

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeals Nos 19 and 20 of 2019  
Judith Prakash JA, Woo Bih Li J and Quentin Loh J  
16 September 2019

11 November 2019 Judgment reserved.

Quentin Loh J (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 These cross-appeals are against the decision of the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) in Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd v Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd [2019] SGHC 4
(“the Judgment”).

2 Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd (“Crescendas”) is a property developer, while
Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd (“Jurong Primewide”) is a contractor. The parties
signed a four-page Letter of Intent (“LOI”) on 30 June 2008, whereby
Crescendas engaged Jurong Primewide to build the Biopolis 3 Project. Due to
subsequent disputes, no further documents were executed between the parties.
On 22 December 2010, the Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”) directed
that an application be made for Temporary Occupation Permit (“TOP”) and on 12
January 2011, the Biopolis 3 Project was certified complete. The parties were
agreed that regardless of whichever date was taken as the date for
“substantial completion” under the LOI, this would exceed the stipulated time
period of 18 months for Jurong Primewide to complete the Project.

3 The parties brought suit against each other. Crescendas claimed, among other
things, that the $12.3m provided for the preliminaries under the LOI (“the
Preliminaries Sum”) was a tentative figure to be negotiated within four weeks
of the signing of the LOI. Conversely, Jurong Primewide claimed that the
Preliminaries Sum was fixed.

4 Crescendas also claimed that Jurong Primewide was responsible for the
entirety of the delay in the completion of the Project and liable for
liquidated damages pursuant to the LOI. Conversely, Jurong Primewide asserted
that it was not responsible for any of the delays because Crescendas had
committed acts of prevention. Jurong Primewide further submitted that due to
Crescendas’ acts of prevention, and the absence of an extension of time clause
in the LOI, the relevant time for completion had been set “at large”: see
Fongsoon Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Kensteel Engineering Pte Ltd [2011] SGHC 82
(“Fongsoon”) at [24]–[25]. Jurong Primewide was thus liable to complete the
Project within a “reasonable time” and only liable for general damages for the
periods it exceeded the “reasonable time” by.

5 The Judge found largely in favour of Jurong Primewide. He held that the
Preliminaries Sum was fixed. However, he also held that the parties must have
contemplated that if there were double payments by Crescendas to Jurong
Primewide and the trade contractors for the same preliminaries, Jurong
Primewide was not entitled to such payments and any double payments must be
refunded to Crescendas (“the Refund Ruling”): see the Judgment at [163].

6 In the premises, the Judge found that Jurong Primewide was responsible for
133 days of delay, while Crescendas was responsible for 173 days of delay.
Given that Crescendas had engaged in acts of prevention, and the absence of an
extension of time clause within the LOI, the time for completion had been set
“at large”.

7 In this regard, the Judge declined Crescendas’ submission to simply add
together the initial estimate of 18 months with the time Crescendas was found
to have contributed to the delay (which he found to be 173 days). He
considered that the parties had not included the 25 days for capping beams
work in the August 2008 Master Programme. Since the Project would actually
need 25 days in addition to the initially forecasted 18 months, this had to be
taken into consideration in deciding what “reasonable time” was: see the
Judgment at [368].

8 Applying the principles in Fongsoon at [25] and the English High Court’s
decision in Astea (UK) Ltd v Time Group [2003] All ER (D) 212 at [144], the
Judge considered that “what constitutes reasonable time for the Project’s
completion is a holistic approach that includes taking into account the actual
conduct of the parties that caused the delay…whether the parties’ initial
agreed time frame to complete the Project was reasonable, the experts’
opinions…on the timelines in light of the actual scope of work involved in the
Project, and the actual delay caused by the plaintiff” [emphases in original]:
see the Judgment at [356]–[360]. Accordingly, the Judge held that the
“reasonable time” for Project completion was 18 months, plus the 173 days of
delay caused by Crescendas, plus an additional 25 days for the capping beams
work.

Jurong Primewide’s appeal

9 We first deal with Civil Appeal 19 of 2019 (“CA 19”), which is Jurong
Primewide’s appeal. The sole ground of appeal in CA 19 relates to the learned
Judge’s ‘Refund Ruling’, ie, if there was any double payment for the same
preliminaries work made by Crescendas to Jurong Primewide under the LOI (as
part of the $12.3 million) and under the various trade contractors’
preliminaries, then those sums, if any, should be refunded. During oral
submissions before us, counsel for Crescendas accepted, correctly in our view,
that the alternative basis of a refund of double payment of preliminaries to
Jurong Primewide had not been specifically pleaded. Nor did Crescendas, after
all this time, ascertain and plead what was the value of the alleged
overlapping preliminaries works provided. It is important, especially in
building and construction cases, for such averments to be specifically pleaded
and with sufficient particulars so that the other party knows what case it has
to meet. This would have enabled these alleged double payments to have been
properly canvassed during the trial given that it was an issue of liability.

10 We therefore allow the appeal in CA 19 and reverse the learned Judge’s
ruling in this regard. For the avoidance of doubt, we agree with the learned
Judge’s construction of the “Preliminaries” figure in the LOI being a fixed
sum and as one not subject to further negotiation.

Crescendas’ appeal

11 We now turn to Crescendas’ appeal in Civil Appeal 20 of 2019 against
substantial portions of the Judge’s decision.

12 In our view, the Judge had carefully considered each and every issue and
delivered a detailed judgment with cogent reasons. We see no basis to disturb
most of his findings, which were clearly with the weight of evidence and with
which we in fact agree. There was no misapplication of the law to the facts of
this case.

13 We need only rectify an agreed calculation error and allow the appeal in
part on the sole issue of the reasonable time for Project completion allocated
to Jurong Primewide as a result of the capping beams work.

Calculation error

14 First, it is common ground that there was an arithmetical error in
computation of the days of delay for which Jurong Primewide was responsible.
The Judge below calculated 133 days when it should have been 136 days. Counsel
are in agreement that this should be rectified.

15 We agree and hold that Jurong Primewide was responsible for 136 days of
delay (notwithstanding the issue of the time taken for the capping beams
work).

Capping beams work

16 Secondly, we have, with respect, come to a different view from the learned
Judge only on the issue in relation to the time taken for the capping beams
work.

17 It is undisputed that the parties had initially estimated 18 months would
be sufficient for Project completion. At the hearing before us on 16 September
2019, counsel for Jurong Primewide accepted that at the time it entered into
the contract, Jurong Primewide would have been aware of the need for the
capping beams work when it agreed to an 18-month completion period. We think
this concession was rightly made.

18 When Jurong Primewide sent its Master Programme to Crescendas on 8 July
2008, (shortly after the LOI was signed), there was no itemised activity and
time provided for the capping beams work. However, Crescendas commented by
email dated 14 July 2008 to say that the duration of certain structural works
seemed optimistic given the need for the construction of the capping beams.
Jurong Primewide’s response on 11 August 2008 was that adequate time had been
provided for the pile caps. Like the July 2008 Master Programme submission,
the August 2008 Master Programme did not include an itemised activity and time
for the capping beams work. This was only remedied in April 2009 when Jurong
Primewide added in itemised activities and times for the capping beams work
into the revised Master Programme.

19 Whilst Jurong Primewide may have been mistaken in its assessment of the
time taken for the capping beams work, this was an error that lay at their
doorstep and was not a fault or act of prevention that could be attributed to
Crescendas, especially since Crescendas had specifically mentioned the capping
beams in its comments dated 14 July 2008. Jurong Primewide should therefore
not be given the benefit of an additional 25 days for the capping beams work
in computing a reasonable time within which the Project should be completed.

20 This would mean that Jurong Primewide would have exceeded the reasonable
time for completion by 161 days (136 + 25). Jurong Primewide is liable for
general damages for this period and for any additional preliminaries paid for
those 161 days, which must be refunded to Crescendas.

Conclusion

21 As for the costs of the proceedings below, as ordered by the learned Judge,
the parties are to agree costs and if not agreed, costs are to be assessed by
him at such stage or in such manner as he might order.

22 As for the costs of the appeals, the parties are to agree costs (with the
usual consequential orders), and if not agreed, the parties are to exchange
and file written submissions not exceeding eight pages each within seven days
from the date hereof.

Judith Prakash Woo Bih Li Quentin Loh  
Judge of Appeal Judge Judge

Philip Antony Jeyaretnam SC, Koh Kia Jeng, Lau Wen Jin, and  
Tay Yoong Xin Avril (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP)  
for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 19 of 2019  
and the respondent in Civil Appeal No 20 of 2019; and  
Karam Singh Parmar, Kang Weisheng Geraint Edward, Leong Lijie, Chan Karfai
Michael, and Yeow Yuet Cheong (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the respondent in
Civil Appeal No 19 of 2019  
and the appellant in Civil Appeal No 20 of 2019.

**SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE**

**11 November 2019**

**Case summary**

**_Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd v Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd and another appeal_
** **[2019] SGCA 63 _  
_ Civil Appeals Nos 19 and 20 of 2019 **

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Decision of the Court of Appeal (delivered by Justice Quentin Loh):**

Outcome: The Court of Appeal allows an appeal by a contractor against the High
Court’s decision to grant a property developer a refund for alleged double-
payments, noting that such claims must be specifically pleaded. The Court of
Appeal also partially allows the developer’s appeal, and considers what should
be taken into account in calculating “reasonable time” for completion.

**Introduction**

1 Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd (“Crescendas”), a property developer, had engaged
Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd (“Jurong Primewide”), a contractor, to build the
Biopolis 3 Project. Several disputes occurred between the parties. Crescendas
alleged that the $12.3m provided for the preliminaries under the contract was
a tentative figure subject to further negotiations. Conversely, Jurong
Primewide asserted the $12.3m was a fixed sum.

2 Although the Project was eventually completed, it had exceeded the
contractually stipulated time of 18 months for Jurong Primewide to complete
the Project. The parties brought suit against each other. Crescendas claimed
that Jurong Primewide was responsible for the entirety of the delay and liable
for liquidated damages. Conversely, Jurong Primewide asserted that it was not
responsible for any of the delays because Crescendas had caused acts of
prevention.

****

**The High Court’s decision**

3 The High Court decided largely in favour of Jurong Primewide, holding that
the $12.3m for preliminaries was a fixed sum. However, if there were any
double payments by Crescendas to Jurong Primewide for the same preliminaries
done by the trade contractors, these had to be refunded to Crescendas (“the
Refund Ruling”).

4 The High Court also considered that Crescendas was liable for 173 days of
delay. Given that Crescendas had engaged in acts of prevention, the absence of
an extension of time clause in the contract meant that time for completion had
been set at large. In this regard, the High Court was of the view that the
“reasonable time” for Jurong Primewide to complete the Project was the
initially forecasted 18 months, plus the 173 days of delay caused by
Crescendas, plus an additional 25 days that the parties had not included in
the August 2008 Master Programme for the capping beams work.

****

**The Court of Appeal’s decision**

5 The Court of Appeal allowed Jurong Primewide’s appeal against the Refund
Ruling. Crescendas had not specifically pleaded a claim for a refund of double
payments, nor had it ascertained or pleaded the value of the alleged
overlapping preliminaries works after all this time. The Court of Appeal
remarked that it was important in building and construction cases for such
averments to be specifically pleaded and with sufficient particulars so that
the opposing party knows the case it has to meet (at **[9]**).

6 The Court of Appeal dismissed the majority of Crescendas’ appeal save for a
rectification error and the issue of the reasonable time given to Jurong
Primewide as a result of the capping beams work (at **[12]** – **[13]**).

7 The Court of Appeal noted that although Jurong Primewide would have been
aware of the need for the capping beams work, it had not included an itemised
activity and time for the capping beams work in its July 2008 and August 2008
Master Programmes. This was only remedied in its Revised Master Programme in
April 2009. Whilst Jurong Primewide may have been mistaken in its assessment,
this was an error that lay at their doorstep and was not a fault or act of
prevention that could be attributed to Crescendas. Jurong Primewide should
therefore not be given the benefit of the additional 25 days for the capping
beams work in computing what should be a reasonable time for Project
completion (at **[17]** –**[19]** ).

_This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
grounds of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of
the Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the
corresponding paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision._

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

