Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 232

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9322 of 2018/01

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Fatahurhman bin Bakar  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9322 of 2018/02

Between

| Fatahurhman bin Bakar  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Ex Tempore judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Fatahurhman bin Bakar and another appeal

[2019] SGHC 232

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9322 of 2018/01 and 9322 of 2018/02  
Chan Seng Onn J  
27 September 2019

27 September 2019

Chan Seng Onn J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 In the matters of HC/MA 9322/2018/01 and HC/MA 9322/2018/02, I hereby
dismiss the Accused’s appeal against conviction and sentence for both charges
(MCN 900412/2017 and MCN 900413/2017) and allow the Prosecution’s appeal
against the sentence for the charge (MCN 900413/2017) under Section 323 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”). I now briefly set out the
reasons for my decision to increase the sentence from 2 weeks’ imprisonment to
4 weeks’ imprisonment for the charge under Section 323 of the Penal Code.

MCN 900413/2017 Charge: Section 323 of the Penal Code

2 In applying the framework laid out in Public Prosecutor v Lim Yee Hua and
another appeal [2018] 3 SLR 1106, I agree with the finding of the learned
District Judge (“DJ”) that this incident was a case of road rage. The dispute
between the Victim and the Accused over the Accused’s access to the petrol
pump in the Petrol Kiosk had arisen “in the course of the shared use of the
roads”. Based on the Accused’s testimony, it is clear that the violent acts by
the Accused arose as the Victim’s bus was blocking the Accused’s path to the
petrol pump in the Petrol Kiosk.

3 Next, considering the harm caused and culpability of this charge in the
present case, I am of the opinion that the sentence of 2 weeks’ imprisonment
imposed by the DJ is manifestly inadequate and inconsistent with the relevant
sentencing precedents on road rage violence for first-time offenders.

4 I find that the DJ had erred in holding that the harm and culpability of the
Accused fell within the spectrum of that in Senthilnathan s/o Veerappan v
Public Prosecutor (HC/MA 199/2012/01) (“Senthilnathan”), where a sentence of 2
weeks’ imprisonment was imposed on the offender and upheld on appeal. In that
case, the offender had pleaded guilty to a charge under Section 323 of the
Penal Code, for throwing two punches at the left side of the victim’s face.
The victim managed to block both punches and the injuries caused to the victim
were minor: an erythema over his left mastoid/neck area and a superficial
scratch mark over his left forearm. On the other hand, the present case
involves more severe injuries caused to the Victim: lateral luxation of two of
the Victim’s teeth. The nerve in the Victim’s teeth had also died and the
Victim’s teeth were repositioned and splint. Further, the Accused claimed
trial in the present case, unlike the offender in Senthilnathan who had shown
remorse and pleaded guilty. The harm and culpability of the Accused in the
present case is clearly higher than that of the offender in Senthilnathan, who
received 2 weeks’ imprisonment.

5 In coming to my decision, I also took into account the similar cases of Neo
Hong Chye v Public Prosecutor (HC/MA 9092/2015/01) and Shi Ka Yee v Public
Prosecutor (HC/MA 9089/2018/01), where the offenders had claimed trial and
were convicted and sentenced to 4 weeks’ imprisonment for road rage violence
offences that resulted in minor injuries. The sentences for both cases were
upheld on appeal. In those cases, the victims were not completely passive and
had verbally insulted the offenders but the offenders were the only ones who
had exerted physical force on the victims. The DJ distinguished the present
case from the two cases, noting that there was no indication that the
offenders in those cases had made any compensation to the victims. On the
other hand, the DJ commented that the Accused had compensated the Victim fully
in the present case.

6 I find that the DJ had placed undue weight on the Accused’s display of
remorse for the following reasons. First, the Accused only made partial
compensation that did not cover the entirety of the Victim’s required medical
expenses. The Accused’s compensation of $201.40 only pertained to the costs
that the Victim had incurred from his first (and only) consultation of Dr Swa
and Dr Lim. Dr Lim had explained that the first consultation was a temporary
and an emergency measure at best. However, the Victim did not make follow-up
appointments to make dentures due to his financial difficulties. Second, the
Accused only made compensation after his conviction. Third, the Accused also
made allegations of the Victim’s dishonesty at trial and in his mitigation
plea, namely that the Victim had made a fabricated police report and had not
disclosed the entire video that the Victim had recorded. Finally, the Accused
claimed trial and followed up with an appeal against his conviction on both
charges. As such, I would place minimal weight on the Accused’s display of
remorse as a mitigatory factor.

7 I also took into account the case of Leong Ban Fatt v Public Prosecutor
(HC/MA 9092/2018/01) (“Leong Ban Fatt”), where the offender claimed trial and
was sentenced to 4 weeks’ imprisonment after he was convicted of one count of
road rage violence under s 323 of the Penal Code. The sentence was also upheld
on appeal. In that case, the offender had punched the victim once on his lower
lip, causing an abrasion wound, which is clearly a more minor injury than the
injuries caused in the present case. I also note that the offender in Leong
Ban Fatt was not a first time offender but his past convictions were 30 years
old. The district judge in that case gave minimal weight to his antecedents as
a result.

8 Having analysed the relevant sentencing precedents on road rage violence, I
find that a sentence of 4 weeks’ imprisonment is appropriate having regard to
all the relevant facts and circumstances of the case.

MCN 900412/2017 Charge: Section 352 of the Penal Code

9 As for the s 352 of the Penal Code charge (MCN 900412/2017), I am in
agreement with the DJ that a sentence of 3 days’ imprisonment is appropriate
and not manifestly excessive, having considered the totality of the Accused’s
conduct and that this was another instance of road rage violence.

Global Sentence

10 Given that the two offences committed by the Accused formed part of the
same transaction, I therefore order both sentences to run concurrently. As
such, I hereby allow the Prosecution’s appeal and impose a global sentence of
4 weeks’ imprisonment. I also grant the Accused a deferment of the
commencement of his sentence to 1 October 2019.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Charlene Tay Chia and M Kayal Pillay (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
appellant in MA 9322/2018/01 and the respondent in MA 9322/2018/02;  
The respondent in MA 9322/2018/01 and the appellant in MA 9322/2018/02 in
person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

