Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of THREE JUDGES of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 271

Originating Summons No 10 of 2019

Between

| Choy Chee Yean  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Law Society of Singapore  
---|---  
(2)| The Attorney-General  
  
… Respondents

ex Tempore judgment

[Legal Profession] — [Reinstatement] — [Interest of the public] — [Whether
applicant fully rehabilitated] — [Section 102 Legal Profession Act (Cap 161,
2001 Rev Ed]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Choy Chee Yean

  

v

  

Law Society of Singapore and another

[2019] SGHC 271

Court of Three Judges — Originating Summons No 10 of 2019  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Chao Hick Tin SJ and Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
19 November 2019

19 November 2019

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This is an originating summons by the applicant, Mr Choy Chee Yean, seeking
reinstatement to the roll of advocates and solicitors of the Supreme Court of
Singapore (“the Roll”) pursuant to s 102 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161,
2009 Rev Ed) (“LPA”). The applicant was struck off the Roll on 25 May 2010 in
Law Society of Singapore v Choy Chee Yean [2010] 3 SLR 560 (“the Striking-Off
Judgment”), following a criminal conviction for burglary in Hong Kong.

2 There are two questions before us: whether the applicant should be
reinstated; and the applicable conditions, if any, to be imposed.

The parties’ positions

3 The parties have reached an agreement on the conditions to be imposed upon
the applicant’s reinstatement (“the Conditions”):

(a) The applicant shall obtain a psychiatric assessment report confirming that
he is mentally able and psychologically fit to continue active legal practice
not less than two weeks before the expiration of the first practising
certificate issued to the applicant upon reinstatement. In the event the first
practising certificate issued to the applicant upon reinstatement expires in
March 2020, the applicant shall obtain a psychiatric assessment confirming
that he is mentally able and psychologically fit to continue active legal
practice not less than two weeks before the expiration of (1) the first
practising certificate; and (2) a second practising certificate issued to the
applicant (“the first condition”).

(b) For a period of 12 months from the date of issue of his first practicing
certificate after reinstatement herein (provided the applicant engages in
active legal practice during this period), the applicant shall not be a sole
proprietor, a partner (including managing partner or salaried partner), or a
director (including managing director, senior executive director, executive
director, senior associate director or associate director) (“the second
condition”).

(c) For a period of 12 months from the date of issue of his first practicing
certificate after reinstatement herein (provided the applicant engages in
active legal practice during this period), the applicant shall not hold or
receive any client or trust account monies, or operate any client or trust
account of any law practice (“the third condition”).

(d) For a period of 12 months from the date of issue of his first practicing
certificate after reinstatement herein (provided the applicant engages in
active legal practice during this period), the applicant shall not be a
signatory to any client or trust account of any law practice (“the fourth
condition”).

4 The court, however, must nevertheless scrutinise whether the applicant
should be reinstated, and whether the Conditions are indeed appropriate.

Our decision

Whether the applicant ought to be reinstated

5 It is settled jurisprudence that there are three crucial factors that must
be considered in a reinstatement application (see Nathan Edmund v Law Society
of Singapore [2013] 1 SLR 729 (“Nathan Edmund”) at [10]):

(a) The adequacy of the period of time lapsed between disbarment and the
reinstatement application;

(b) Whether the applicant has been fully and completely rehabilitated; and
most importantly,

(c) The protection of the public interest and reputation of the legal
profession.

Adequacy of time

6 The applicant has been kept off the Roll for a sufficiently long period of
time. It has been nine years since his disbarment (May 2010), and 11 years
since his voluntary cessation from active legal practice (April 2008).

7 As we previously stated at [52] of the Striking Off Judgment, the time
period during which a lawyer had voluntarily ceased practice before he was
struck off the roll may be taken into account in appropriate circumstances.
What is key is whether one’s cessation was truly voluntary and was undertaken
in recognition of or in atonement for his transgressions (see Knight Glenn
Jeyasingam v Law Society of Singapore [2007] 3 SLR(R) 704 at [16]–[17]).

8 This was the case at present. The applicant had voluntarily suspended
himself from legal practice in early April 2008, before he pleaded guilty in
the District Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“HK
District Court”) on 21 April 2008 and before disciplinary proceedings in
Singapore were instituted against him – in fact, he had written to inform the
Law Society of his conviction in Hong Kong.

9 We emphasise also that the applicant’s case is an exceptional one. As we
observed in the Striking-Off Judgment, the element of dishonesty manifested by
the applicant was a one-off case at a time when he was under psychological
stress. At the time of his offence committed in Hong Kong, the applicant was
suffering from Major Depressive Disorder. Psychiatric evidence demonstrated
that he was, at that time, under a tremendous amount of pressure from work,
his family, and the expectations of a career. The HK District Court and the
Hong Kong Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal (“HK Tribunal”) placed significant
weight on this in their respective decisions.

10 It was in these circumstances that we opined at [52] of the Striking-Off
Judgment that the normal waiting period before a solicitor who is struck off
for dishonest conduct may apply for reinstatement, ie “a period significantly
longer than five years”, may not be appropriate in the applicant’s case. We
are satisfied that the waiting period of 11 years (taking into account the
applicant’s voluntary cessation of legal practice) is a sufficient length of
time.

Rehabilitation of the applicant

11 We turn to the factor of the rehabilitation of the applicant. In assessing
the extent of rehabilitation, the applicant must demonstrate through his
conduct and actions during the interim period that he has been fully
rehabilitated and is fit to be restored to the Roll (see Kalpanath Singh s/o
Ram Raj Singh v Law Society of Singapore [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1018 at [19]). In
this regard, both the objective evidence of what he has been involved in
during the relevant period, as well as references (particularly from members
of the legal fraternity) are key.

12 Dr Ko Soo Meng (“Dr Ko”), who has been the applicant’s psychiatrist since 2
May 2008, certified on 20 October 2010 that the applicant’s depressive
condition had been in remission for more than two years, and that his risk of
relapse was small. Dr Ko confirmed on 12 June 2019, pursuant to a mental state
examination conducted on the applicant, that the applicant is not in any
depressive condition and is both mentally and psychologically fit to return to
professional legal practice. We see no reason to disagree with Dr Ko’s
assessment of the applicant’s state of mind.

13 The applicant has also kept himself in gainful employment while
demonstrating a willingness to continuously engage with the law. In the last
decade, he has taken on various roles, as an author, a paralegal, an in-house
counsel, and a consultant and trainer. He has, in doing so, earned the praise
of legal practitioners for being able to produce high-quality work under
stressful conditions. Critically, they affirm the applicant’s emotional
balance and stability. We are satisfied that the applicant has demonstrated
his full rehabilitation.

Protection of the public interest and reputation of the legal profession

14 The reinstatement of a person who has been previously struck off the roll
for grossly improper conduct must necessarily be subjected to stricter
scrutiny than that of a new entrant to the profession who has no adverse
record (see Narindar Singh Kang v Law Society of Singapore [2007] 4 SLR(R) 641
at [19]). It concerns the protection of the public interest and public
confidence in the general reputation of the legal profession.

15 There is, however, also a collective interest in the rehabilitation and
redemption of the individual applicant. A second chance ought to be offered to
those who are genuine in their contrition (see Nathan Edmund at [25]).

16 As stated earlier, the applicant’s act of dishonesty in his offence of
burglary stemmed from an exceptional situation of psychiatric disorder. Given
that he has been fully rehabilitated, he is unlikely to suffer from a relapse
or any similar ailment due to stress or pressure. He has also demonstrated
genuine contrition, both in his voluntary cessation from practice and his
continuous involvement with the legal profession.

17 Nevertheless, the importance of maintaining public confidence in the legal
profession requires that certain precautions be taken in order to prevent any
potential lapses of judgment by the applicant.

18 The imposition of conditions, in this regard, sends a clear signal that the
reinstatement of a disbarred advocate and solicitor is a serious matter, and
that practical measures will be put in place to protect the interests of
potential clients (see Narindar Singh Kang v Law Society of Singapore [2013] 4
SLR 1157 at [26]). This is a suitable case for such conditions to be imposed.

Conditions that ought to be imposed

19 Under s 102(1)(b) of the LPA, the court may order that a solicitor’s name
be replaced on the Roll “subject to such conditions as the court thinks fit”.
Such conditions must be useful and tailored to the applicant’s specific
circumstances.

The first condition

20 The utility of the first condition is clear – it ensures the applicant’s
continued mental and emotional stability for the practice of law. There is
little controversy over this condition given the applicant’s history of Major
Depressive Disorder.

The second condition

21 The underlying basis for the second condition, which prevents the applicant
from assuming a position as a partner, director or sole proprietor for 12
months, is to guard against any potential relapse of the applicant’s Major
Depressive Disorder.

22 The period of 12 months would allow him to reacquaint himself with legal
practice and provide an opportunity for him to adjust to the pressures of
being an advocate and solicitor, especially considering that stress arising
from his work had contributed to his previous psychiatric condition.

23 A practitioner in the position of partner, director, or sole-proprietor
would also appear to the public to be in a position of heightened
responsibility. A period of 12 months before the applicant may take on such
positions would “remove any lingering doubts which the public might entertain
as to the honesty or integrity of the applicant” (see Nirmal Singh s/o Fauja
Singh v Law Society of Singapore [2011] 1 SLR 645 at [25]).

The third and fourth conditions

24 The third and fourth conditions both deal with the operation of trust
account and client monies, and should hence be viewed together. They
complement the second condition by addressing any concerns that the public may
have regarding any possibility of the applicant committing a subsequent
offence of dishonesty with trust or client monies.

25 As the HK District Court and the HK Tribunal emphasised, the offence of
burglary is a serious one that would typically attract an immediate custodial
sentence. While the applicant possessed mitigating factors that allowed him to
avoid such a sentence in Hong Kong, the seriousness of the offence
nevertheless persists. The third and fourth conditions serve as a recognition
of the severity of the applicant’s wrongdoing.

26 For the reasons given above, we allow the application, subject to the
imposition of the Conditions. We make no order as to costs.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Chao Hick Tin Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of Appeal Senior Judge Judge

Kam Su Cheun Aurill and Lee Pei Pei (Legal Clinic LLC) for the applicant;  
Sanjiv Kumar Rajan, Christine Tee and Simaa Ravichandran (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the first respondent;  
Jeyendran Jeyapal and Faith Boey (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the second
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

