Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 196

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9033 of 2019

Between

| Kanagaratnam Nicholas Jens  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kanagaratnam Nicholas Jens

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2019] SGHC 196

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9033 of 2019  
Sundaresh Menon CJ  
1 August 2019

30 August 2019 Judgment reserved.

Sundaresh Menon CJ:

Introduction

1 Judges may be called upon, from time to time, to rule on matters giving rise
to issues which are beyond their professional expertise. In such
circumstances, experts in the relevant field may be called as witnesses. The
assistance which these experts provide can be invaluable because it assists
the Court, enabling it to better appreciate the technical aspects of the
evidence and in turn assess the merits of the parties’ cases more accurately.
In the context of criminal cases, psychiatric reports prepared by
psychiatrists or psychologists are commonly tendered by the Prosecution and
the Defence respectively. These reports typically contain a professional
assessment of the offender’s mental culpability, which is a key factor in
questions of liability as well as sentencing. It is therefore no exaggeration
to say that psychiatric reports are of vital importance because they can have
a real impact on an offender’s life and liberty.

2 Given the importance of such evidence, experts must appreciate that they
cannot merely present their conclusions without also presenting the underlying
evidence and the analytical process by which the conclusions are reached.
Otherwise, the Court will not be in a position to evaluate the soundness of
the proffered views. Where this is the case, the Court will commonly reject
that evidence: Singapore Medical Council v Lim Lian Arn [2019] SGHC 172 at
[43]; PP v Chia Kee Chen and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 249 at [119].

3 Unfortunately, this point appears to have been lost on the professionals who
prepared the psychiatric report in this case. The psychiatric report that was
tendered in the proceedings below asserts that there was a causal link between
the appellant’s psychiatric conditions and his commission of the offences in
question. On this basis, the appellant sought an order for probation even
though the drug offences which he pleaded guilty to were serious offences.
However, the report is singularly unhelpful because the professionals merely
stated their conclusions without explaining their reasons. I am therefore not
able to place any reliance on the report. This was, in effect, also the view
of the district judge (“District Judge”), who on that basis, went on to rule
out probation as a sentencing option. In my judgment, she was correct to do
so.

Facts relating to the offences

4 The appellant was 30 years old when he was arrested on 26 February 2018 for
suspected drug-related offences. He admitted giving one Teng Yi Gang (also
known as “Peter”) a packet of vegetable matter containing not less than 2.35g
of cannabis mixture two days prior, on 24 February 2018. This formed the
subject of the first proceeded charge: abetment of possession of a Controlled
Drug under the First Schedule of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“MDA”), an offence under s 8(a) read with s 12 of the MDA.

5 After his arrest, the appellant provided two bottles of urine samples for
analysis. The samples tested positive for a cannabinol derivative. The
appellant admitted to having consumed “weed” (the street name for cannabis)
prior to his arrest. This formed the subject of the second proceeded charge:
consumption of a Specified Drug under the Fourth Schedule of the MDA, an
offence under  
s 8(b)(ii) of the MDA.

6 In addition, a Ziplock bag seized from the appellant during his arrest was
found to contain not less than 9.28g of cannabis. The appellant admitted that
the bag belonged to him and that the cannabis found in it was for his own
consumption. This formed the subject for the third proceeded charge:
possession of a Controlled Drug under s 8(a) of the MDA.

7 In this judgment, I will refer to these charges as the abetment charge, the
consumption charge and the possession charge respectively.

8 With the appellant’s consent, two other charges were taken into
consideration (“TIC”) for the purposes of sentencing: one count of possession
of a Controlled Drug (13.8g of cannabis mixture) under s 8(a) of the MDA and
one count of possession of utensils for drug-taking under s 9 of the MDA.

The proceedings below

The pre-sentencing reports

9 Having elected to plead guilty, when it came to sentencing, the appellant
sought an order for probation on the basis that that he was suffering from
certain psychiatric conditions which, he contended, were causally connected to
the commissions of the offences in question. On this basis, he submitted that
the dominant sentencing objective in this case is rehabilitation, not
deterrence.

10 The appellant’s diagnoses were confirmed by two professional reports which
he tendered with his mitigation plea. The first is a report written by Dr Meng
Zi Jie Aaron, a Senior Resident at the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”). It
states that the appellant was suffering from Adjustment Disorder with
Depressed Mood and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (“ADHD”). However,
the report does not state whether there was any causal link between the
appellant’s diagnoses and offending.

11 The second report, which the appellant does rely on for the purposes of
this appeal, is written by Dr Munidasa Winslow and Mr Cheoh Yen Han, Senior
Consultant Psychiatrist and Psychologist respectively at Winslow Clinic. For
convenience, I shall refer to this as the “Winslow report”. The report records
the appellant’s description of himself as someone with a social, easy-going
personality and an impulsive streak, which was said to be reflected in his
frequent overspending on items such as clothes, photography equipment and
sneakers. The report then sets out the appellant’s account that he had been
self-medicating his long-term sleep and concentration problems with cannabis
over an extended period of time since his twenties. The appellant recounted
that he would get stressed easily and that this would exacerbate his sleep
problems.

12 The authors assessed the appellant to be “relevant and forthcoming during
his mental state examination”. The appellant “appeared to be remorseful” and
“displayed insight into his issues”. The authors also confirmed the
appellant’s previous diagnosis of ADHD. The impact of the appellant’s
psychiatric conditions on his offending is set out in the following two
paragraphs of the Winslow report:

18 In summary, Nicholas was suffering from an Insomnia Disorder … and [ADHD]
at the material time. In our professional opinion, Nicholas’ ADHD and Insomnia
Disorder have been present for an extended period prior to his arrest, and he
used cannabis primarily to self-medicate his untreated symptoms. It is likely
that these factors combined with an increase in the severity of his
symptomology due to work stress, significantly contributed to his poor
judgement in continuing his use of cannabis.

19 Nicholas is an individual with high levels of impulsivity and presents with
significant problems with impulse control (as seen in his psychological
testing, and his ADHD diagnosis). His psychiatric conditions together with the
stressors leading up to the alleged offences, including his financial
problems, are likely to have impacted his judgment and impulse control leading
to the commission of the alleged offences. Nicholas’ commission of the alleged
offences should be seen in the context of someone who was using substances to
cope with his underlying psychiatric issues. Despite his psychiatric
conditions, he would not be of unsound mind, and would be fit to plead, advise
counsel and stand trial.

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in bold]

13 In addition to the two reports tendered by the appellant, the District
Judge called for a probation report in order to assess the appellant’s
suitability for probation. The probation officer, Mrs Rajini Moganaruban,
recognised that there were “risk factors” which militated against probation.
These included the appellant’s willingness to engage in illegal acts for self-
gratification; the appellant’s history of drug use to manage his insomnia and
stressors; and his indiscriminate peer associations, exposure to negative
habits, lack of self-control and poor consequential thinking. Nevertheless,
Mrs Moganaruban assessed the appellant suitable for probation in the light of
his positive response to trial probation conditions; strong support from his
parents; and his willingness to receive professional help to abstain from
drugs, treat his insomnia disorder and improve his way of coping with
stressors.

The District Judge’s decision

14 Notwithstanding the positive recommendation, the District Judge declined to
sentence the appellant to probation. She concluded that the dominant
sentencing objective in this case was deterrence, not rehabilitation. She was
not convinced that the appellant’s psychiatric conditions had caused him to
offend. In particular, the Winslow report did not clearly state or explain the
presence of a causal link between the appellant’s mental conditions and the
offences. The authors had simply put forth their opinions with any
explanations. The report failed to set out any underlying evidence, details of
the analytical process that was adopted or even the reasons supporting the
authors’ conclusions: PP v Kanagaratnam Nicholas Jens [2019] SGDC 56 (“GD”) at
[36]–[40]. Further, the appellant admitted to the probation officer that he
had abused drugs as a lifestyle activity for fun and relaxation, that he had
shared his supply of cannabis with other drug abusers and that he had gone
overseas to smoke cannabis for fun and enjoyment. These, the District Judge
thought, undermined the position that there was a causal link between the
appellant’s psychiatric disorders and his offences: GD at [42]–[45].

15 Having regard to the sentencing range of between 6 and 18 months’
imprisonment laid down in Dinesh Singh Bhatia s/o Amarjeet Singh v PP [2005] 3
SLR(R) 1 for a first time offender, the District Judge imposed the following
sentences in respect of the proceeded charges:

(a) abetment charge: 8 months’ imprisonment

(b) consumption charge: 10 months’ imprisonment

(c) possession charge: 15 months’ imprisonment

16 In sentencing the appellant, the District Judge took into account the fact
that the appellant had been a casual user of drugs and the TIC charge for
possession of 13.8g of cannabis mixture: GD at [57] and [58]. She ordered that
the sentence for the abetment charge was to run consecutively with the
sentence for the consumption charge, yielding an aggregate sentence of 18
months’ imprisonment. The appellant appealed against the decision of the
District Judge. He continues to seek an order for probation.

Applicable principles to sentencing adult drug offenders

17 This case is somewhat unusual because the appellant seeks an order for
probation even though he was 30 years old when he offended. Such orders are
more commonly made in favour of younger offenders. As I explained in PP v Lim
Cheng Ji Alvin [2017] 5 SLR 671 (“Alvin Lim”) at [6], a different approach is
adopted when dealing with young offenders because:

(a) the chances of effective rehabilitation in the case of young offenders are
thought to be greater than in the case of adults;

(b) the young may know no better; some regard should therefore be had to the
fact that the limited nature of their life experiences might explain their
actions and justify some consideration being extended to them; and

(c) with young offenders, society generally has an especially strong interest
in their rehabilitation; their diversion from the prison environment is
therefore a desirable goal where this will enhance their prospects of
rehabilitation.

18 Nevertheless, the appellant is correct to point out that the Probation of
Offenders Act (Cap 252, 1985 Rev Ed) does not impose an age limit for
probation orders. Even so, as I have noted in A Karthik v PP [2018] 5 SLR
1289, “the age of an offender is nonetheless a critical factor in the court’s
determination of whether an offender should be granted probation in lieu of
imprisonment”: at [33].

19 To succeed in this appeal, the appellant must show that the dominant
sentencing consideration here is rehabilitation rather than deterrence. He
faces an uphill task. As I explained in Alvin Lim, deterrence, both general
and specific, is generally the key sentencing consideration for drug offences,
particularly for older offenders. However, I clarified that rehabilitation may
be the dominant sentencing consideration in a “purely exceptional case”, such
as where an offender can prove that he was suffering from a psychiatric or
other condition that was in some way causally related to his drug offence: at
[7] and [17]. This appeal therefore turns on whether the appellant’s
psychiatric conditions were causally related to his offences.

The parties’ submissions

20 In that light, it is unsurprising that the Winslow report takes centre
stage in the appellant’s submissions. By his counsel, Mr Peter Fernando, the
appellant submits, first, that the District Judge had misconstrued the Winslow
report which caused her to conclude that it failed to disclose a causal link
between the appellant’s psychiatric conditions and his offending behaviour.
The District Judge ought to have considered the Winslow report in its entirety
instead of focusing her attention on paragraphs 18–19. This way, so the
argument developed, “the court would be more apprised of the symptoms of
Insomnia Disorder and ADHD”, which “would in turn assist the court in deciding
whether there was a causal link”.

21 He further points out that his behaviour evidences the fact that he was
impulsive, which is a significant feature of ADHD. His impulsiveness had
directly impacted his ability to think about the consequences of his actions
before acting, which is evident from his poor decision in continuing his use
of cannabis. Since impulsiveness is a symptom of ADHD, it follows that his
ADHD is causally linked to his commission of the offence of consumption of
cannabis.

22 The appellant further submits that his ADHD is causally linked to the
abetment charge. Peter was persistent in calling the appellant to pass him
some cannabis. He ultimately gave Peter the cannabis because he wanted Peter
to leave him alone. The unrelenting request by Peter coupled with the
“increasing severity of the symptomology” of the appellant’s psychiatric
conditions caused him to succumb to Peter’s badgering. Further, he did not
receive any monetary benefit from this transaction.

23 In relation to the District Judge’s point that the offences were neither
opportunistic nor one-off in nature, he submits that a person’s lack of
impulse control would arise on each occasion that person has to make a
decision. This can be inferred from paragraph 18 of the Winslow report, where
the authors opined that the increase in symptomology of the appellant’s
psychiatric conditions significantly contributed to his poor choice in
continuing his use of cannabis.

24 In addition, the appellant submits that the District Judge erred in
criticising the Winslow report for not being sufficiently reasoned. The
authors’ professional opinion at paragraphs 18–19 of their report was amply
supported by their diagnosis at paragraph 16, which were in turn based on
their psychiatric assessment of the appellant at paragraphs 4–16.

25 On the other hand, the respondent submits that the District Judge was
correct in declining to sentence the appellant to probation. The authorities
establish that deterrence is the dominant sentencing consideration for drug
offences. Further, the appellant had been committing drug offences for the
preceding 12 years despite knowing that he was breaking the law. Thus, the
dominant sentencing consideration in this case must be that of deterrence,
both general and specific. In addition, the appellant abused drugs as a
lifestyle activity for fun and relaxation. Worse, he corrupted others by
passing drugs to them.

26 The respondent does not challenge the diagnosis of ADHD, insomnia disorder
or even Adjustment Disorder with Depressed Mood, though the latter did not
feature in the appellant’s submissions in any material way. The respondent’s
real attack is concentrated in its contention that the evidence does not show
that there was a causal link between the appellant’s ADHD and his commission
of the offences. As to this, the respondent contends that the Winslow report
is, as the District Judge found, too vague to be of any assistance to the
Court. In addition, the appellant had not informed the authors that he had
abused drugs as a lifestyle activity for fun and relaxation or that he had
gone overseas with his girlfriend to smoke cannabis for fun and enjoyment. The
authors had instead simply adopted the appellant’s explanation that he had
consumed cannabis to self-medicate his long term sleep and concentration
problems. Further, even if the appellant’s impulse control had been impacted,
impulse control played a limited role in the context of the offences, which
were neither opportunistic nor one-off in nature. There was certainly no
evidence that the appellant’s impaired impulse control was responsible for his
decision to pass drugs to Peter. In any event, the authorities show that
probation is not invariably imposed even where the offender suffers from a
psychiatric disorder which bears a causal link with his offences.

The appellant’s psychiatric conditions

27 In PP v Low Ji Qing [2019] SGHC 174, I summarised at [44] the applicable
principles when sentencing an offender with a mental disorder:

(a) The existence of a mental disorder on the part of the offender is
generally a relevant factor in the sentencing process.

(b) The manner and extent of its relevance depends on the circumstances of
each case, in particular, the nature and severity of the mental disorder.

(c) The element of general deterrence may be accorded full weight in some
circumstances, such as where the mental disorder is not serious or is not
causally related to the commission of the offence, and the offence is a
serious one.

(d) In spite of the existence of a mental disorder on the part of the accused
person, specific deterrence may remain relevant in instances where the offence
is premeditated or where there is a conscious choice to commit the offence.

(e) If the serious psychiatric condition or mental disorder renders deterrence
less relevant, where for instance the offender has a significantly impaired
ability to appreciate the nature and quality of his actions, then
rehabilitation may take precedence.

(f) Even though rehabilitation may be a relevant consideration, it does not
necessarily dictate a sentence that excludes incarceration. The accused person
could well be rehabilitated in prison.

(g) Finally, in cases involving heinous or serious offences, even when the
accused person is labouring under a serious mental disorder, there is no
reason why the retributive and protective principles of sentencing should not
prevail over the principle of rehabilitation.

28 The Court of Appeal has also noted in PP v ASR [2019] 1 SLR 941 (“ASR”) at
[71]–[72] that where there is a causal link between the impairment of the mind
and the commission of the offences, this might attenuate an offender’s
culpability and attract mitigating weight. Where such a causal link affects an
offender’s understanding of the gravity of his offending conduct, it would
correspondingly reduce the weight placed on general and specific deterrence:
at [115].

29 The key issue in this appeal is whether the appellant’s undisputed
diagnoses of ADHD and Insomnia Disorder were causally related to his offences.
In this regard, the Winslow report is central to the issue because it makes
this assertion. But, with respect, the report is deficient in so many respects
that I am unable to place any reliance on it. I have summarised the contents
of the Winslow report above at [11]–[12]. I set out again the only two
paragraphs where the authors discussed the link between the appellant’s
psychiatric conditions and his offences:

18 In summary, Nicholas was suffering from an Insomnia Disorder … and [ADHD]
at the material time. In our professional opinion, Nicholas’ ADHD and Insomnia
Disorder have been present for an extended period prior to his arrest, and he
used cannabis primarily to self-medicate his untreated symptoms. It is likely
that these factors combined with an increase in the severity of his
symptomology due to work stress, significantly contributed to his poor
judgement in continuing his use of cannabis.

19 Nicholas is an individual with high levels of impulsivity and presents with
significant problems with impulse control (as seen in his psychological
testing, and his ADHD diagnosis). His psychiatric conditions together with the
stressors leading up to the alleged offences, including his financial
problems, are likely to have impacted his judgment and impulse control leading
to the commission of the alleged offences. Nicholas’ commission of the alleged
offences should be seen in the context of someone who was using substances to
cope with his underlying psychiatric issues. Despite his psychiatric
conditions, he would not be of unsound mind, and would be fit to plead, advise
counsel and stand trial.

[original emphasis omitted]

30 It is immediately apparent that the authors did not explain their reasons
for the conclusion that the appellant’s ADHD and Insomnia Disorder affected
his judgment or ability to control his impulses. Rather, the conclusion was
simply stated. There is no explanation as to how the appellant’s psychiatric
conditions affected his cognition or how this impacts on his culpability. The
Court is therefore left none the wiser as to whether these conclusions were
sound or had any factual basis.

31 In fact, the sentence in paragraph 18, “In our professional opinion,
Nicholas’ ADHD and Insomnia Disorder have been present for some time, and he
used cannabis primarily to self-medicate his untreated symptoms”, is
troubling. The authors began the sentence with the somewhat bombastic words,
“In our professional opinion”. With respect, those words are devoid of meaning
in this context and seem to have been inserted to give the sentence the sheen
of being a bona fide medical or scientific conclusion, when it is nothing of
the sort. Quite apart from the absence of any reasoning or explanation, the
rest of the sentence is nothing more than a reproduction of what the appellant
himself had told the authors: namely, that he had had these conditions for
some time and used drugs to self-medicate – see paragraph 11 of the report.
Are the authors saying no more than that in their “professional opinion” they
believe what the appellant told them? If so, again ignoring the absence of any
explanation for this, their stated opinion is irrelevant. Credibility is a
matter for the Court and it is not commonly the case that an expert will have
anything useful to say about that.

32 Furthermore, aspects of those two paragraphs are remarkably vague. At
paragraph 18, the authors referred to “these factors”, but did not explain
what those factors were. In both paragraphs, the authors also stated that the
appellant’s psychiatric conditions and stressors “contributed to his poor
judgement” or “impacted his judgment”. But as the District Judge pointed out,
it is unclear what the authors meant by “judgment”. It could mean (1) the
appellant’s knowledge of the legal rightness or wrongness of his actions or
(2) his awareness of the moral rightness or wrongness of his offending
actions: ASR at [108]–[110]. It could also mean the ability of the appellant
to consider the risks of offending and balance it against the reward he hopes
to get before taking a chance: Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v PP and another
appeal [2019] SGCA 37 at [40]–[41]. As I explained at the hearing, lack of
judgment in the latter sense can hardly be mitigating because every criminal
hopes not to get caught and can be said to lack judgment in this respect. The
authors did not explain which aspect or aspects of the appellant’s judgment
they are referring to. Thus, the Court is left without any assistance as to
whether or how the appellant’s supposedly impaired judgment has any bearing on
his culpability.

33 The authors’ opinions are also contradicted by the appellant’s admissions
to the probation officer, Mrs Moganaruban. Contrary to the supposedly
professional opinion of the authors that the appellant had acted solely to
self-medicate his conditions, the appellant admitted to Mrs Moganaruban that
he had “abused drugs as a life style activity for fun and relaxation” and that
he had travelled overseas to smoke cannabis as it was illegal to do so in
Singapore. Mrs Moganaruban indicated that the appellant “[u]nderstood the
severity of his offence and expressed regret”. These flatly contradict any
suggestion that the appellant was self-medicating and that his psychiatric
conditions contributed to his poor judgment and lack of impulse control which
ultimately led him to offend. His overseas escapades are evidence of his
knowledge that smoking cannabis is legally wrong. His capacity to express
regret shows his awareness that smoking cannabis is morally wrong. It
therefore appears that the appellant’s judgment was not affected by his
psychiatric conditions. Further, the fact that the appellant went overseas to
smoke cannabis shows that his consumption was not impulsive but instead
planned with due regard for the risks and consequences of being caught
committing such acts in Singapore. None of this is addressed in the Winslow
report. This could mean one of two things: either the appellant did not inform
the authors that he abused drugs for “fun and relaxation” (which highlights
the danger of professionals relying solely on their clients’ self-reporting)
or the authors chose to omit this crucial fact from their report. Either way,
the Winslow report is severely undermined as a result.

34 In any event, I digress to observe that self-medication is not an excuse or
justification for taking cannabis. As the High Court noted in Leon Russel
Francis v PP [2014] 4 SLR 651 (“Leon Russel Francis”) at [27], there are
proper legal avenues for drugs to be administered or consumed for medical
purposes. Leon Russel Francis was an exceptional case. The offender there
suffered from a serious genetic medical condition known as EDS Type IV.
Because of this condition, the offender was left permanently dependent on a
colostomy (stoma) bag to collect his intestinal waste. He smoked cannabis to
ease the discomfort he felt from his colostomy bag. On these exceptional
facts, the High Court imposed an order for probation. In so doing, it
“caution[ed] against any reliance on this case in the future for its
precedential value because the [circumstances there] were indeed exceptional
in that the [offender] suffer[ed] from a rare genetic medical condition which
cause[ed] him discomfort and anxiety”: at [26]. The present case can plainly
be distinguished from Leon Russel Francis. The appellant’s condition, at least
on the evidence before the Court, is not causally linked to the commission of
the offences; further, as already noted, unlike the offender in Leon Russel
Francis, the appellant cannot even show that he took cannabis to self-
medicate.

35 Before me, Mr Fernando criticised the District Judge and the Prosecution
for not calling for further evidence to supplement any deficiencies in the
Winslow report. Relying on the following paragraph in Tan Kian Tiong v PP
[2014] 4 SLR 131 (“Tan Kian Tiong”), he submitted that additional evidence
should be called whenever there is a dispute on the facts which could have an
impact on sentence:

12 … Where there is a dispute in relation to facts that may have a material
effect on sentence (notwithstanding that the plea of guilt remains valid) and
the dispute cannot be resolved, the proper course would be for the court to
convene a post-conviction (or Newton) hearing pursuant to s 228(5) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) and hear evidence, if necessary.

36 However, as I explained at the hearing, Tan Kian Tiong is not strictly
applicable because while we are ultimately concerned with a question of fact
(whether the appellant’s psychiatric conditions had any causal link to his
offences), the evidence that is being challenged is opinion evidence, not
factual evidence. The opinion evidence in question is so deficient as to be
valueless to the Court in this case. In such circumstances, there is no duty
on the Court or the Prosecution to supplement shortcomings in the evidence put
forward by the Defence. If the Defence wishes to rely on a disputed fact in
mitigation, it alone bears the onus to prove that fact to the requisite
standard of proof. Otherwise, the Court will resolve the dispute in favour of
the Prosecution and sentence the offender on that basis. This is simply a
question of applying the rules on burden of proof. If the party having that
burden fails to discharge it, the asserted fact is not proved and cannot be
relied on.

37 Further, I reiterate that a Newton hearing is the exception rather than the
norm. As I held in Ng Chun Hian v PP [2014] 2 SLR 783, a Newton hearing should
not be ordinarily convened unless the sentencing judge is satisfied that it is
necessary to do so to resolve a difficult question of fact that is material to
the determination of the sentence. In addition, the Court may decline to
convene a Newton hearing if the case sought to be advanced is absurd or
obviously untenable: at [24]. In a case like this, the decision to hold a
Newton hearing would turn largely on the value of the professional report. For
instance, if the report is potentially valuable on its face and the
Prosecution disputes the opinion presented, or states that certain potentially
aggravating facts should be inferred because of some extraneous factors, there
might well be a basis for a Newton hearing. Conversely, there would typically
be no case for a Newton hearing to be held if the argument rests on the need
to fill gaps in a poorly-reasoned professional report, which the Court finds
to be valueless in the circumstances.

38 Mr Fernando also drew my attention to PP v Lee Han Fong Lyon [2014] SGHC 89
(“Lee Han Fong Lyon”). In that case, the High Court affirmed a sentence of
probation for a 25-year-old drug offender, noting that the offender’s ADHD
“was a factor in his criminality”, even though it was not the sole factor: see
at [6] and [11]. Mr Fernando emphasised that in that case, several
adjournments were granted for pre-sentencing reports to be prepared and a
consultant at the IMH was even examined in Court at a Newton hearing. However,
each case turns on its own facts. The fact that a particular course was
adopted by the Court in that case does not mean that the same approach should
be adopted in every other case. In any event, it is not clear why the Court
proceeded as it did in Lee Han Fong Lyon, given that the contents of the
expert reports are not apparent from the judgment.

39 I briefly address the appellant’s remaining criticisms of the District
Judge’s analysis of the Winslow report.

(a) In relation to his contention that the District Judge ought to have
considered the Winslow report in its entirety ([20] above), the appellant
highlights in particular paragraphs 8–13 and 16 of the Winslow report, which
set out the appellant’s history of impulsive behaviour and insomnia. With
respect, this does not assist the appellant. It is not disputed that he is
suffering from ADHD and Insomnia Disorder. The real question is whether these
conditions caused him to offend.

(b) The appellant submits that since impulsiveness is a symptom of ADHD, it
follows that the appellant’s ADHD is causally linked to his commission of the
offence of consumption of cannabis ([21] above). With respect, it is not clear
how or why this is so, for the reasons explained at [32]–[33] above.

(c) As for the appellant’s claim that his ADHD is causally linked to the
abetment charge ([22] above), I note that the Winslow report addresses only
the appellant’s consumption of cannabis (see [29] above). Further, as the
District Judge pointed out at [39] of the GD, the appellant’s initial
rejection of Peter’s request for drugs shows that he had the capacity to
refuse Peter’s request. Even assuming that Peter’s persistence eventually wore
down the appellant’s resistance, this does not amount to impulsive behaviour
on the latter’s part.

(d) Finally, the appellant’s submission that the authors’ opinion was amply
supported by their diagnosis at paragraph 16, which was in turn supported by
their assessment of the appellant at paragraphs 4–16 ([24] above), is without
merit as well. Those paragraphs relate to the appellant’s history and
symptoms. They do not address the crucial question: whether there was a causal
connection between the appellant’s psychiatric conditions and his offences.

40 The upshot of the foregoing discussion is that no reliance can be placed on
the Winslow report. It follows that the appellant has not tendered any cogent
evidence to prove the presence of a causal link between his psychiatric
conditions and his offences. Since the appellant has not even begun to show
that rehabilitation should displace deterrence as the dominant sentencing
consideration in this case, the District Judge was correct to rule out
probation as an option.

The sentence

41 At the hearing, the learned Deputy Public Prosecutor, Mr Bhajanvir Singh,
informed me that the respondent would not rely on the TIC charge pertaining to
the possession of 13.8g cannabis mixture for the purposes of sentencing: see
[8] above. He explained that the cannabis mixture in relation to this charge
arose from the same block of vegetable matter as the cannabis which forms the
subject of the possession charge (see [6] above), and acknowledged that the
implications of this were pending consideration by the Court of Appeal in an
unrelated matter. In any case, it should be noted that the sentence for the
possession charge was ordered to run concurrently with the sentences for the
other two charges. Thus, any reduction in the sentence for this charge is
unlikely to affect the overall sentence imposed by the District Judge.

42 What then should the sentence be for the possession charge? In imposing a
sentence of 15 months’ imprisonment, the District Judge had taken into account
the quantity of cannabis involved (9.28g) and the TIC charge (involving 13.8g
of cannabis mixture). In the light of the respondent’s current position on the
TIC charge, Mr Singh submitted that an appropriate sentence would be a term of
8 to 10 months’ imprisonment. I think this is correct. I therefore set aside
the sentence of 15 months’ imprisonment and sentence the appellant to 10
months’ imprisonment, having regard to the quantity of cannabis in this case.

43 I now turn to the consumption charge: see [5] above. While the respondent
sought a sentence of 8 months’ imprisonment in the proceedings below, the
District Judge imposed a sentence of 10 months’ imprisonment on the basis that
the appellant was “a casual user of drugs as opposed to a one-off user”: GD at
[57]. With respect, this approach is wrong in principle. In Vasentha d/o
Joseph v PP [2015] 5 SLR 122 (“Vasentha”), I held that an offender cannot be
punished for conduct that does not form the subject of the charges brought
against him: at [62]. As the High Court explained in PP v Tan Thian Earn
[2016] 3 SLR 269 (“Tan Thian Earn”), it is an elementary component of fairness
that an offender is not punished for an offence for which he was not charged
with: at [62]. Since none of the TIC charges relate to the appellant’s
consumption of cannabis, and since the fact that the appellant was a casual
user of drugs was not reflected in the agreed statement of facts, in my
judgment, the District Judge was wrong to rely on this to impose a harsher
sentence. I therefore vary the sentence imposed in respect of this charge to 8
months’ imprisonment.

44 Thus, the appellant is sentenced to 8 months’ imprisonment for the
consumption charge and the abetment charge. The sentences of at least two
charges must run consecutively. The District Judge ran the sentences for the
consumption charge and the abetment charge consecutively and I see no reason
to interfere with this. This yields an aggregate sentence of 16 months’
imprisonment. It remains for me to consider whether this aggregate sentence
should be adjusted in the light of the appellant’s overall criminality: the
Prosecution proceeded with only three charges and the appellant has no
antecedents. Nonetheless, in my judgment, there is no need for any further
adjustment. As I pointed out in Vasentha, while a Court may not enhance an
offender’s sentence on the basis of other offences which he has admitted to
but has not been charged with, the Court should equally not blind itself to
the obvious: at [58]–[59]. Where an offender admits to previous conduct which
amounts to an offence, the fact that the offender was involved in criminal
activities for a period of time prior to his arrest can be used to negate the
mitigating weight of the offender’s assertion that it was his first or only
offence. As the High Court put it in Tan Thian Earn, an offender’s admission
can be used as a “shield”, though not as a “sword”: at [61]. Thus, it would
not have been open to the appellant to assert that his offences were one-off
in nature and seek a reduction in sentence on that basis. To be fair to the
appellant, he did not do so.

Conclusion

45 For these reasons, I allow the appeal against sentence in part. While I
agree with the District Judge that probation is not justified, I vary the
sentence imposed on the possession charge from 15 months’ imprisonment to 10
months, and the sentence imposed for the consumption charge from 10 months’
imprisonment to 8 months; and running the sentences for the consumption charge
and the abetment charge consecutively, as the District Judge did, I vary
aggregate sentence imposed on the appellant to 16 months’ imprisonment.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice

Peter Keith Fernando, Kavita Pandey and Renuga Devi (Leo Fernando LLC) for the
appellant;  
Bhajanvir Singh (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

