Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 98

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9241 of 2018

Between

Yuen Ye Ming  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yuen Ye Ming

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2019] SGHC 98

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9241 of 2018  
See Kee Oon J  
5 November 2018

17 April 2019

See Kee Oon J:

1 The Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) contains a number of
provisions under which a repeat offender is subject to an enhanced sentencing
regime. The interpretation of three of those provisions (s 33(1),  
s 33(4) and s 33(4A) read with the Second Schedule, collectively referred to
as “the enhanced punishment provisions”) was squarely at issue in this present
appeal.

2 I heard and dismissed this appeal on 5 November 2018. In doing so, I was
conscious of the fact that the judge’s role in interpreting statutory
provisions is to interpret and apply the law as enacted by Parliament. Insofar
as the statutory language is clear, the judge must refrain from going beyond
the text and the context of the relevant provisions. With this in mind, and
having regard to the Criminal Motion (CM 1 of 2019) that the appellant filed
on 22 February 2019, I set out my reasons for dismissing this appeal.

Facts

3 The District Judge’s Grounds of Decision can be found in Public Prosecutor v
Yuen Ye Ming [2018] SGDC 229 (“the GD”). The facts are helpfully summarised at
[3]–[8] of the GD.

4 The appellant was first arrested on 5 August 2016. He could not furnish bail
and was held in remand from 6 August 2016 until he was released on bail on 20
July 2017. He faced 17 charges under the MDA and initially claimed trial to
those charges (“the first set of offences”).

5 On 17 January 2018, the first day scheduled for trial, the appellant pleaded
guilty to four charges as follows:

(a) 2nd charge (DAC-948585-2016): possession of not less than 652.66g of
cannabis mixture for the purposes of trafficking on 5 August 2016, punishable
under s 33(1) MDA;

(b) 3rd charge (DAC-904958-2017): possession of not less than 15.47g of
methamphetamine for the purposes of trafficking on 5 August 2016, punishable
under s 33(1) MDA;

(c) 8th charge (DAC-904963-2017): consumption of methamphetamine on or about 5
August 2016, punishable under s 33(1) MDA;

(d) 10th charge (DAC-904965-2017): possession of not less than 1.58g of
methamphetamine on 5 August 2016, punishable under s 33(1) MDA.

6 The appellant admitted that he was selling drugs for profit in order to
support his lavish lifestyle and pay his mounting gambling debts. The
appellant also consented for a further 13 charges under the MDA to be taken
into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. These charges were
similarly for the possession, consumption and trafficking of various drugs.

7 The matter was then adjourned for submissions on sentence. On 9 February
2018, the appellant applied for an adjournment of the sentencing decision in
order to spend the Chinese New Year with his family. While on court bail, the
appellant reoffended and 12 additional charges under the MDA were preferred
against him (“the second set of offences”). He eventually pleaded guilty on 18
July 2018 to four out of these 12 charges. The four proceeded charges were as
follows:

(a) 18th charge (DAC-905974-2018): possession of 60.61g of cannabis on 20
February 2018 for the purposes of trafficking, punishable under s 33(4A)(i)
MDA;

(b) 21st charge (DAC-916585-2018): possession of 1.29g of methamphetamine on
20 February 2018, punishable under s 33(1) MDA;

(c) 25th charge (DAC-916591-2018): consumption of methamphetamine on or about
20 February 2018, punishable under  
s 33(4) MDA; and

(d) 26th charge (DAC-916598-2018): trafficking not less than 69.74g of
cannabis on 16 February 2018, punishable under s 33(4A)(i) MDA.

8 The Prosecution later applied for a discharge not amounting to an acquittal
in respect of the 2nd charge. For present purposes, the appellant admitted to
having committed 28 drug offences in total.

Decision below

9 For the 3rd charge, the Prosecution submitted that an appropriate term of
imprisonment would be at least seven years’ imprisonment on the basis of
Vasentha d/o Joseph v Public Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122 (“Vasentha d/o
Joseph”) and Loo Pei Xiang Alan v Public Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 500 (“Alan
Loo”). The District Judge held that, considering the other 13 charges which
were to be taken into consideration and the late plea of guilt, an
imprisonment term of six and a half years would have been appropriate.
However, a term of five years’ imprisonment was imposed to account for the
fact that the appellant had been remanded for approximately 11.5 months. The
District Judge took into account the one-third remission typically given to
prisoners and held that a reduction of 18 months would be fair.

10 A term of one year’s imprisonment each was imposed for the 8th and 10th
charges. These sentences were ordered to run concurrently.

11 The 18th charge and the 26th charge were for trafficking 60.61g and 69.74g
of cannabis respectively under s 33(4A)(i) MDA. These charges carry a
mandatory minimum sentence of ten years’ imprisonment and ten strokes of the
cane. The District Judge adapted the framework in Public Prosecutor v Lai Teck
Guan [2018] 5 SLR 852 (“Lai Teck Guan”), according to which the indicative
uplift would be between five to eight years’ imprisonment from the starting
sentence for first-time offenders. It was submitted on behalf of the appellant
that he was not a recalcitrant offender who had not been rehabilitated or
deterred by a previous period of imprisonment, unlike the offender in Lai Teck
Guan. However, the District Judge held that the fact that the additional
offences had been committed while the appellant was on bail was “particularly
egregious”. Applying an uplift of six years from the starting point of five
years and six months’ imprisonment for a first offender, the indicative
sentence was therefore 11 years and six months’ imprisonment. Taking into
consideration the other charges, the District Judge sentenced the appellant to
12 years’ imprisonment and 10 strokes of the cane each for the 26th and 18th
charges.

12 The 21st charge was a repeat drug possession charge under s 33(1) MDA. The
District Judge sentenced the appellant to two years’ and six months’
imprisonment, having regard to the three other repeat drug possession charges
that were taken into consideration.

13 The 25th charge was a repeat drug consumption charge under s 33(4) MDA. The
District Judge held that the mandatory minimum sentence of three years’
imprisonment was appropriate given the absence of any relevant aggravating
factors.

14 Three sentences (relating to the 3rd, 25th and 26th charges) were ordered
to run consecutively and the appellant was sentenced to a total of 20 years’
imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane.

The parties’ cases on appeal

The appellant’s case

15 The appellant was represented by two different sets of counsel when he
pleaded guilty on 17 January 2018 and 18 July 2018 respectively. He was
unrepresented in this appeal. Notwithstanding this, he filed detailed written
Skeletal Arguments which ran to 23 pages. I summarise these, as well as his
oral submissions, below.

16 The appellant submitted that the sentences imposed by the District Judge
were wrong in principle as he should not have been sentenced under the
enhanced punishment provisions. He therefore urged the Court to exercise its
revisionary powers to amend the enhanced drug offences to offences under  
s 33(1) MDA.

The individual sentences were manifestly excessive

17 The appellant did not challenge the sentences imposed in respect of the
8th, 10th, 21st and 25th charges. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at para 56.

18 In respect of the 3rd charge, the appellant noted that he had been
sentenced to the mandatory minimum of five years’ imprisonment and five
strokes of the cane. However, he submitted that the sentence imposed was still
contentious as it had been reduced from six and a half years’ imprisonment on
account of the time he had spent in remand. The appellant then argued that the
District Judge had not expressly placed any weight on his cooperation with the
Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”). This was despite the fact that the appellant
had allegedly offered his full cooperation to the authorities in relation to
the first set of offences, which had purportedly led to the prosecution of
another trafficker. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at paras 58 and 59.

While the appellant acknowledged that the sentence imposed, being the
mandatory minimum, could not be further reduced by the court, he submitted
that his cooperation with the authorities should warrant a discount from
either a sentence which the District Judge ordered to run consecutively, or
from the global sentence. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at para 60.

19 The appellant then submitted that the sentences imposed in respect of the
18th and 26th charges were manifestly excessive for four main reasons.

20 First, the appellant argued that the District Judge did not expand upon
what weight his lack of antecedents ought to be given. Second, the District
Judge wrongly held that a six-year uplift would be appropriate because the
second set of offences was committed while the appellant was on bail.
According to the appellant, the fact that these additional offences were
committed after he had been convicted of the first set of offences had already
rendered him liable under the enhanced punishment provisions. This resulted in
an increase in the mandatory minimum imprisonment term from five to ten years.
The appellant argued that this was already a far larger increase than would
otherwise have been ordered for reoffending while on bail, which would
ordinarily result in “a fraction of such an increase”. He therefore suggested
that ordering a sentence above the enhanced mandatory minimum would be
tantamount to double-counting. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at para 61.

21 Third, the appellant argued that the District Judged erred in placing
little mitigating weight on his plea of guilt on the basis that the appellant
was caught red-handed. The appellant contended that he had spared the court
time and resources by pleading guilty “at the earliest opportunity”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

GD, at [29]; Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at para 62.

22 Fourth, the appellant submitted that he did not have profit in mind when
committing the second set of offences, and had instead committed them in a
state of despair, denial and hopelessness. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at para 63.

23 The appellant therefore submitted that, if he was indeed liable for
enhanced punishment, the appropriate sentence for the 18th and 26th charges
would have been between ten and ten and a half years’ imprisonment per charge.
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at para 64.

The global sentence was manifestly excessive

24 The appellant relied on Alan Loo in suggesting that running two charges
with mandatory minimum sentences consecutively double-counted the fact of his
reoffending. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at paras 66 and 67.

25 He further argued that the aggregate sentence imposed was disproportionate
to the totality of his criminal behaviour. He relied on the case of Lai Teck
Guan, in which Sundaresh Menon CJ had said at [30] (in the context of
calibrating individual sentences) that an offender who committed the repeat
offence almost immediately after having served his prison sentence for his
first offence should not be treated in the same way as an offender who lapses
back into crime only after a long period of staying drug-free. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at para 69.

The appellant then compared the sentences imposed to those in Alan Loo and in
Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“Shouffee”)
and submitted that the global sentence was manifestly excessive. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at para 69 to 77.

26 For the above reasons, the appellant sought a global sentence of eight and
a half years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at para 86.

This was derived on the basis that all the enhanced punishment provisions were
reduced to consumption, possession and trafficking simpliciter, respectively.
The sentences proposed by the appellant were as follows:

(a) 26th charge: seven years and five strokes (consecutive);

(b) 21st charge: one year and six months (consecutive);

(c) 25th charge: one year and six months (concurrent);

(d) 18th charge: seven years and five strokes (concurrent);

(e) 3rd charge: five years and five strokes (concurrent);

(f) 8th charge: one year (concurrent); and

(g) 10th charge: one year (concurrent).

The respondent’s case

27 The respondent submitted that the predominant sentencing consideration was
deterrence. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Respondent’s Submissions, at para 32.

The primary focus in the respondent’s submissions was on whether the
individual and aggregate sentences were appropriately calibrated. It was also
highlighted that the aggregate sentence was in line with the sentencing range
proposed by the appellant’s then-counsel (Mr Edmond Pereira and Mr Amardeep
Singh). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Respondent’s Submissions, at para 4.

The individual sentences were not manifestly excessive

28 With respect to the 3rd charge, the respondent submitted that the District
Judge had correctly identified the indicative sentence to be six and a half
years’ imprisonment. The appellant had not been coerced, threatened or
exploited, but rather had trafficked drugs in order to support his lavish
lifestyle and pay off gambling debts. Moreover, he had a wide variety of drugs
which he possessed in significant amounts for the purposes of trafficking. The
appellant had also pleaded guilty only on the first day of trial, which was
over 17 months after he was first charged in court. The respondent noted that
the District Judge had adjusted the sentence downwards to take into account
the appellant’s remand period and had imposed the minimum sentence of five
years’ imprisonment.

29 The respondent further submitted that the sentences imposed for the two
enhanced trafficking charges (the 18th and 26th charges) were not manifestly
excessive. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Respondent’s Submissions, at para 50.

The respondent tendered a table which applied the framework in Lai Teck Guan
to cannabis. This table was materially similar to that relied upon by the
District Judge, at [26] of his GD. Given that the amount of cannabis involved
in the two offences was 60.61g and 69.74g, the respondent submitted that the
starting point would be at least five and a half years. While the appellant
had not served a prior imprisonment sentence, he had been in remand for about
12 months before being released on bail. The appellant had referred to this
period as being “enough for [him] to learn [his] lesson”, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROP, p 15 line 32, p 125; Respondent’s Submissions, at para 46.

but had nevertheless reoffended while on bail. As such, the respondent
submitted that the District Judge rightly held that the indicative uplift
should be six years’ imprisonment. Considering that there were three similar
charges taken into consideration and that the appellant’s plea of guilt
carried little mitigating value as he had been caught red-handed, the sentence
of 12 years’ imprisonment per enhanced trafficking charge was not manifestly
excessive.

30 The sentences for the 8th charge and the 10th charge were in line with the
sentencing norms. Further, the appellant was an addict who consumed
methamphetamine about four or six times a day, and up to one gram each day. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Respondent’s submissions, at para 51; Statement of Facts dated 15 January 2018
at [29].

He had another consumption charge arising from the first set of offences taken
into consideration, had possessed a significant quantity of methamphetamine
and had four other possession charges arising from the first set of offences
taken into consideration. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Respondent’s Submissions, at para 51.

31 The sentence of two years’ and six months’ imprisonment was appropriate for
the 21st charge considering that three other drug possession charges arising
from the second set of offences were taken into consideration. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Respondent’s Submissions, at para 51.

32 The mandatory minimum sentence of three years’ imprisonment was imposed for
the 25th charge.

The global sentence was in line with the totality principle

33 The offences of drug trafficking, possession and consumption implicate
different legal interests. The seven proceeded charges pertained to offences
committed on three separate days. Accordingly, at least three sentences should
be ordered to run consecutively such that the sentencing consideration of
deterrence that underlies the individual sentences is not compromised and the
global sentence accords with the alternative scenario of the offender being
separately sentenced for each offence. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Respondent’s Submissions, at paras 58 and 59.

The District Judge had regard to the totality principle in calibrating the
sentence downwards, and the global sentence therefore could not be said to be
manifestly excessive.

Issues to be determined

34 Three key issues arose for determination in this appeal:

(a) whether the appellant was liable for enhanced punishment for the second
set of offences;

(b) whether the District Judge had correctly calibrated the individual
sentences imposed; and

(c) whether the global sentence imposed was manifestly excessive.

Issue 1: whether the appellant was liable for enhanced punishment for the
second set of offences

35 The appellant submitted that the sentences imposed by the District Court
were wrong in principle as he should not have been liable for enhanced
punishment. At the outset, it should be noted that the appellant’s contention
that the enhanced punishment provisions ought not to have applied to him was
in direct contradiction to his chosen course of action in the proceedings
below. There was no suggestion that he was unclear, confused or under any
misapprehension for any reason as to the consequences of pleading guilty to
the various charges and accepting the Statement of Facts without
qualification. He did so upon the advice of counsel.

36 The appellant accepted, at para 37 of his Skeletal Arguments, that “as it
stands, under law, the only qualification for the statutory enhancement in
punishment for the drug offences in question, is a previous conviction”.
However, he went on to argue that this interpretation would lead to
inconsistent results. According to the appellant, this is because an offender
who pleads guilty at the earliest opportunity will be liable for enhanced
punishment if he later reoffends, while an offender who does not plead guilty
and reoffends will not be liable for enhanced punishment. He went on to flesh
out his analysis with a few hypothetical examples in his Skeletal Arguments.
To the appellant, the “irresistible inference” to the “criminal mind” from
these examples is that “to avoid enhanced punishment, one should avoid
conviction”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at para 48.

37 The appellant further argued that the legislative purpose of the enhanced
sentencing regime is to deter criminals from reoffending after resources have
been expended on their rehabilitation. He asserted that an offender is only
liable under s 33A(2) MDA as an “LT-2” drug offender if he has ‘failed to
respond to previous treatment and rehabilitation”. According to the appellant,
it is thus inconsistent that all that is required for a repeat consumption
charge under  
s 33(4) MDA is a prior conviction. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at paras 49 and 50.

38 Finally, the appellant argued that he was not a “repeat” offender under the
“spirit of the law”. He further stated that “it could be argued that [he had]
been arbitrarily charged under enhanced charges without the opportunity for
any [deterrent or rehabilitative] message to be ‘driven home’.” 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at paras 50 to 52.

The appellant therefore urged the court to exercise its revisionary powers to
reduce the enhanced drug charges to charges under s 33(1) MDA by “post-dating
the first plea of guilt on the 17th January 2018 to the date of the second
plea of guilt on 18 July 2018 prior to sentencing”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at para 54.

39 The respondent did not make any specific submissions on the appellant’s
liability under the enhanced punishment provisions.

40 Insofar as the appellant’s arguments touched on the appropriateness of the
exercise of prosecutorial discretion to charge him under these provisions,
these considerations were irrelevant for the purposes of the appeal. The
relevant question was whether the appellant was liable, and therefore was
properly charged, under these provisions.

41 Before the District Judge, the appellant had accepted that he was liable
for enhanced punishment. At the hearing of the appeal, I had also noted that
the appellant was represented below and had pleaded guilty with the benefit of
legal advice. Nevertheless, given that the appellant had on appeal raised
points regarding the legislative purpose of the provisions and suggested that
the interpretation adopted would lead to inconsistent and unworkable results,
I also considered what the correct interpretation of the enhanced punishment
provisions ought to be. Having done so, I concluded that the appellant was
liable under these provisions, and therefore that there was no scope for
appellate intervention, much less any basis for the exercise of my revisionary
jurisdiction.

The law on statutory interpretation

42 The first issue to be determined was the proper interpretation of the
relevant provisions, and whether there are multiple possible interpretations.
Where there is more than one possible interpretation of a provision, purposive
interpretation is of particular relevance and assistance (Tan Cheng Bock v
Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 at [36] (“Tan Cheng Bock”)). In such a case,
the interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the
written law is to be preferred to an interpretation which does not (s 9A(1)
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed). In some cases, the literal
interpretation of a statutory provision may be the only possible
interpretation, or may be coincident with the purposive interpretation. As
observed by Menon CJ in his minority judgment in Attorney-General v Ting Choon
Meng and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 373 (“Ting Choon Meng”) at [58], the
application of the purposive approach does not allow the court to construe the
provision in a manner which does violence to the express wording. Instead,
courts should generally adopt a construction that is harmonious with the
express wording.

43 A three-step approach to purposive statutory interpretation was set out by
Menon CJ in Ting Choon Meng at [59]. The first step involves ascertaining the
possible interpretations of the text as enacted, having due regard to the
context within the written law as a whole. The second step is then to
ascertain the legislative purpose of the scheme. Here, while primacy should be
given to the language used in the provision and the statute as a whole,
extraneous material can also be considered in certain circumstances: Tan Cheng
Bock at [43]. The third step is then to compare the possible interpretations
of the text against the legislative purpose. Where the purpose of the
provision clearly supports one interpretation, reference to extraneous
materials may confirm the ordinary meaning of the provision as purposively
ascertained.

44 Where there is genuine ambiguity in the meaning of the provision even after
the court has attempted to interpret the provision purposively, recourse may
be had to the strict construction rule as a last resort: Nam Hong Construction
& Engineering Pte Ltd v Kori Construction (S) Pte Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 604 at
[28(b)]. This rule has also been referred to as the principle against doubtful
penalisation by the Court of Appeal in Kong Hoo (Pte) Ltd and another v Public
Prosecutor [2019] SGCA 21 at [140] and [141] and typically results in a
construction that favours leniency to the accused.

Interpretation of the enhanced punishment provisions

45 I begin by setting out the relevant provisions which applied to the
appellant.

Punishment for offences

33.—(1) Except as provided in subsection (4), (4A), (4B) or (4C) or under
section 33A, the Second Schedule shall have effect, in accordance with
subsections (2) and (3), with respect to the way in which offences under this
Act are punishable on conviction.

…

(4) If any person convicted of an offence under section 8(b) or 31(2) is again
convicted of an offence under section 8(b) or 31(2), he shall on conviction be
punished with imprisonment for a term of not less than 3 years unless he is
punished under section 33A for that same offence.

….

(4A) Where —

(a) any person is convicted of an offence under section 5(1) or 7; and

(b) that person is again convicted of an offence under section 5(1) or 7,

that person so convicted shall be punished with —

(i) in relation to a Class A drug —

(A) imprisonment for a term of not less than 10 years and not more than 30
years; and

(B) not less than 10 strokes and not more than 15 strokes of the cane; …

46 Under the Second Schedule of the MDA, the prescribed minimum sentence for a
second or subsequent offence under s 8(a) MDA is two years’ imprisonment.

47 The literal meaning of the enhanced punishment provisions above is
immediately clear, and free from any ambiguity. Sections 33(4) and 33(4A) both
refer solely to conviction and not sentence as the relevant criterion: “any
person convicted… is again convicted”. The meaning apparent from the text of
these provisions is that a person who has previously been convicted under s
8(b) or s 5(1) MDA will be liable under s 33(4) and s 33(4A) of the same Act
respectively if he is again convicted of the same offence. The Second
Schedule, which applies to repeat possession charges by virtue of s 33(1) MDA,
refers to a second or subsequent offence. Here, the natural reading of the
text would suggest that the relevant test for enhanced punishment is whether
an offender has committed a prior offence under s 8(a) MDA. None of these
three provisions contains any suggestion that the offender must have been
sentenced for a previous offence.

48 The appellant argued before me that the legislative purpose of the enhanced
punishment provisions is to deter recalcitrant criminals from reoffending
after public resources have been expended on their rehabilitation. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at para 49.

I saw no basis for this suggestion. As above, primacy should be given to the
text of the provision and its statutory context when determining legislative
intent. In the present case, it was clear to me that the enhanced punishment
provisions for second-time consumers, possessors and traffickers of drugs were
intended to apply irrespective of whether an offender has already been
sentenced or served his sentence, insofar as he has a prior conviction (for
repeat drug consumers and traffickers) or has committed a prior offence (for
repeat drug possessors). I could not agree with the appellant’s contention
that the mere fact of a previous conviction is a “rather questionable
prerequisite”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at para 50.

49 It is useful at this point to contrast the provisions above with s 33A(2)
MDA since the appellant had made reference to this provision. The offence
under s 33A(2) MDA is commonly known as an “LT-2” offence, as it seeks to deal
with repeat offenders who consume specified drugs after having been convicted
under the “LT-1” enhanced punishment regime set out in s 33(1) MDA. At the
time of the appellant’s offences, s 33A(2) MDA read:

(2) Where a person who has been punished under subsection (1) is again
convicted of an offence for consumption of a specified drug under section 8(b)
or an offence of failure to provide a urine specimen under section 31(2), he
shall on conviction be punished with …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

50 The text of s 33A(2) MDA refers instead to an offender who has been
“punished”. The notion of punishment, as commonly understood and as employed
in the MDA, refers to the sentence imposed on an offender. It therefore
appears that, for the purposes of s 33A(2) MDA, the offender must have
previously been sentenced as well before he is liable under the provision.
This is plainly unlike the three enhanced punishment provisions that applied
in the present case, which refer to an “offence” and “conviction”. The
language in these provisions is clear, and an attempt to contrast them with s
33A(2) MDA would not advance the appellant’s case. In this regard, I note that
s 33A(2) MDA has since been amended (with effect from 1 April 2019) to refer
to a person “who has been convicted” and “is again convicted” of a relevant
offence as punishable under the “LT-2” regime. With this amendment, the
language in the MDA has been harmonised (with the exception of the Second
Schedule), and all enhanced punishments do not require the offender to have
been sentenced for a previous offence. These recent amendments to the MDA
therefore make it clear beyond doubt that the literal interpretation I have
set out at [47] above is entirely consonant with Parliamentary intent.

51 The next question that arises is whether there is a “real point” to
considering extraneous material (Tan Cheng Bock at [48]). I concluded that
there was not for two reasons. First, given that the ordinary meaning of the
provision is clear and not manifestly absurd or unreasonable, extraneous
material can, at best, be used to confirm the ordinary meaning deduced (Ting
Choon Meng at [65]; Tan Cheng Bock at [47]; s 9A(2) Interpretation Act).

52 The appellant postulated a number of examples which, according to him,
would lead to the “irresistible inference” that to avoid enhanced punishment,
one should not plead guilty so as to avoid having a prior conviction on
record. This contention may be understood as a suggestion that the ordinary
meanings referred to above lead to manifestly absurd or unreasonable results.
According to the appellant, this is because an offender who pleads guilty at
the earliest opportunity before going on to reoffend while on bail would then
be liable under the enhanced punishment provisions, while an offender who
pleads guilty at a later stage (perhaps even absconding in the intervening
period), only after committing a second set of offences, would not be
similarly liable.

53 I did not think that this is a manifestly absurd or unreasonable result. A
timely plea of guilty may, in some circumstances, indicate remorse, or save
the time and costs that would have been expended on trial. An offender who
pleads guilty at an early stage but goes on to reoffend by committing the very
same offences would neither appear to be remorseful, nor save any public
resources. Reoffending could only lead to additional public resources being
expended in detecting his offence(s), apprehending him and conducting
investigations before commencing prosecution and subjecting him to the
judicial process. Further, while an offender who has been convicted would know
or ought reasonably be expected to know that reoffending would entail enhanced
punishment, this cannot be said about an offender who has not been convicted.

54 The ordinary meaning of the provision leads to serious penal consequences,
as offenders may be liable for enhanced punishment irrespective of whether
they have fully experienced the deterrent and/or rehabilitative effects of
incarceration. However, this falls far short of what can appropriately be
termed a manifestly absurd or unreasonable outcome, particularly given that it
is the plain and unambiguous meaning that arises from the text as enacted by
Parliament. In this connection, it was also pertinent to consider the
appellant’s initial claim that he had already learnt his lesson after
experiencing loss of liberty while he was in remand for almost a year. Despite
allegedly having learnt his lesson, he went on to reoffend after being
released on bail, while awaiting sentence for the first set of offences.

55 In any event, extraneous material such as Parliamentary statements did not
appear to be helpful in the present case, much less to support the legislative
intent asserted by the appellant. As Menon CJ observed in Ting Choon Meng at
[70], there is a line of English authority to the effect that statements made
in Parliament must be clear and unequivocal to be of any real use, and should
disclose the mischief targeted by the enactment or the legislative intention
lying behind any ambiguous or obscure words. Having reviewed the Parliamentary
statements on the MDA, I did not think that there is anything directed to the
very point in question (Ting Choon Meng at [70]), or which is of assistance
here.

56 I therefore did not think that there was any basis to suggest that a
literal interpretation would be inconsistent with Parliamentary intent. To the
extent that the recent amendments to the MDA which came into force on 1 April
2019 may have signalled greater emphasis on rehabilitation of drug offenders
in certain circumstances, this was not the case at the time of the present
hearing, and would in any event not have extended to offenders who are
convicted of drug trafficking charges.

57 I was satisfied that there was no genuine ambiguity in the meaning of the
enhanced punishment provisions. There was therefore no room for the principle
against doubtful penalisation to apply. There were also no grounds for the
appellant’s contention that he was arbitrarily charged with the enhanced
punishment provisions. I therefore concluded that the appellant had been
properly and lawfully charged and I turn next to consider the sentences
imposed.

Issue 2: whether the individual sentences were manifestly excessive

58 I confine my analysis to the 3rd, 18th and 26th charges, given that the
appellant did not challenge the sentences imposed in respect of the other four
proceeded charges. I also do not address the issue of caning here. Owing to
the number of charges faced by the appellant, the imposition of the mandatory
minimum number of strokes would already result in 25 strokes, above the
maximum allowable number of strokes that may be inflicted upon him under s
328(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed), read with s
328(6) of the same Act.

59 I begin by addressing the weight that ought to be accorded to the
appellant’s plea of guilt, given that this is a factor which is not confined
to a specific charge.

60 I agreed with the District Judge that minimal weight should be given to the
appellant’s plea of guilt in relation to both the first and second set of
offences. A plea of guilt may result in a discount to the aggregate sentence
if it evidences the offender’s remorse, saves the victim the prospect of
reliving his or her trauma at trial, or saves the public costs which would
have been expended by holding a trial (Gan Chai Bee Anne v Public Prosecutor
[2019] SGHC 42 at [73], citing Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017]
2 SLR 499 at [66], [69], and [71]).

61 In the present case, as the District Judge noted, the appellant was caught
red-handed. The evidence against him was overwhelming for most, even if not
all, of the charges he faced. This was indicated by the fact that he had been
found in possession of drugs on 5 August 2016 (the first set of offences) and
20 February 2018 (the second set of offences). In my view, his plea was weak
evidence of his remorse. The appellant had also conveniently glossed over the
fact that he did not plead guilty at an early stage to the first set of
charges but had instead claimed trial. He finally pleaded guilty to those
charges only one year, five months and 12 days after he had first been charged
in court. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Respondent’s Submissions, at para 41.

A “last gasp” plea of guilt is generally not indicative of genuine remorse.

62 The appellant further maintained that he had “attended every court hearing,
thus demonstrating a certain degree of remorse and the willingness to answer
for [his] crimes, yet because of an earlier plea of guilt, [he was] subject to
enhanced punishment”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, at para 83.

I did not see how attendance at court hearings was somehow demonstrative of
his remorse. Viewed in proper context, the fact was that he was in remand for
the better part of the proceedings which spanned almost two years from August
2016 to August 2018. He was bailed out for only about seven months. He then
reoffended while on bail pending sentence for the first set of offences.
Thereafter, he simply had no choice but to attend every court hearing since
bail was revoked.

63 In my assessment, the appellant indubitably was not genuinely contrite as
he went on to reoffend. In the circumstances, I agreed with the District Judge
that little weight (if any) ought to be given to the appellant’s plea of
guilt.

The 3rd Charge

64 The appellant argued that the District Judge had not placed any weight on
his full cooperation with the CNB in relation to the first set of offences.
This purportedly led to the prosecution of another trafficker. I did not think
his purported cooperation with the CNB would merit any significant sentencing
discount. Even if this was accepted as a relevant mitigating factor, I did not
think the sentences imposed by the District Judge for the other charges were
manifestly excessive.

65 Instead, as the respondent notes, the appellant offered a wide variety of
drugs in significant quantities, which would indicate higher culpability
(Vasentha d/o Joseph at [51]). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Respondent’s Submissions, at para 40.

He had also done so motivated by profit in order to support his chosen
lifestyle and to pay his gambling debts. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Statement of Facts dated 15 January 2018 at para 12 (ROP p 21).

Crucially, there were seven other trafficking-related charges taken into
consideration, which would have warranted a very substantial uplift in
sentence. I also noted that the District Judge had taken into account the one-
third remission period, and allowed a deduction of 18 months’ imprisonment,
resulting in the imposition of the mandatory minimum imprisonment term of five
years for the 3rd charge. As such, I did not agree that the indicative
sentence of six and a half years’ imprisonment would have been manifestly
excessive in the circumstances.

The 18th and 26th Charges

66 The District Judge relied on a table which transposed the indicative
starting points and uplifts from Lai Teck Guan to cannabis. This was
materially similar to that relied on by the respondent at this appeal. I
reproduce the relevant band below:

Quantity of cannabis| Starting sentence (first-time offender)| Indicative
uplift  
---|---|---  
Up to 99g| 5–6 years 5–6 strokes| 5–8 years 5–6 strokes  
  
67 The District Judge then held that as the 18th and 26th charges involved
60.61g and 69.74g of cannabis respectively, they would fall into the mid-range
of the first band, which would be five years’ and six months’ imprisonment if
the appellant had been a first offender. The District Judge acknowledged that
the appellant was not a recalcitrant offender in the sense that he had not
failed to be rehabilitated or deterred by a previous punishment of
imprisonment, but nevertheless held that an uplift of 6 years’ imprisonment to
11 years and 6 months per enhanced trafficking charge was warranted as the
offences were committed while the appellant was on bail. A further uplift to
12 years’ imprisonment was deemed appropriate given the aggravating factor of
eight charges which had been taken into consideration.

68 I agreed with the appellant that the fact of his reoffending while on bail
had already been accounted for by the increase in mandatory minimum punishment
from five to ten years. This is particularly since the only way for the
appellant to have committed the second set of offences after having been
convicted was to reoffend while on bail. I agreed, therefore, that insofar as
the uplift may have been calibrated on the basis that the offences had been
committed while on bail, this was erroneous in principle as it would amount to
double-counting.

69 Nevertheless, balancing all the relevant mitigating and aggravating
factors, I agreed that a six-year uplift was appropriate in the present case.
The appellant sought to distinguish himself from the “quintessential” repeat
drug offender on the basis that he had not served a previous term of
imprisonment. I agreed that this is, broadly speaking, relevant, as it would
seem to indicate that a shorter period of imprisonment might be sufficient to
meet the needs of specific deterrence and rehabilitation than might otherwise
be the case. However, in the present case, this argument carried little force.
The appellant had already experienced incarceration, having initially spent an
extensive period of almost a year in remand. After being bailed out, he
claimed trial, only to plead guilty on the first day of trial. As noted above
(at [54]), he claimed that he had learnt his lesson after spending a year in
remand, but had nevertheless gone on to reoffend very quickly after being
released on bail. Therefore, while I did not agree that a further uplift
(beyond the mandatory minimum) was warranted in principle on the basis that
the enhanced trafficking charges had been committed while he was on bail, the
circumstances surrounding his reoffending nevertheless indicated that an
uplift would be appropriate.

70 I accepted that there was no evidence that the appellant had sought to
profit from the second set of offences, but this was a neutral factor at best.
Balancing this against the factors above, I did not agree that the District
Judge had failed to adequately consider the relevant mitigating factors, or
that the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive.

Issue 3: whether the global sentence was manifestly excessive

71 I turn first to the contention that running two charges with mandatory
minimum sentences consecutively would double-count the fact of the appellant’s
reoffending. The appellant cited Alan Loo in support of this contention. Chao
Hick Tin JA held at [39] that it would not be right to run the sentences for
enhanced consumption and enhanced trafficking consecutively, as both charges
attracted mandatory minimum sentences due to that appellant’s antecedents. I
did not think that Chao JA intended to set out a general rule in that case. In
any event, I did not think any such rule should be applied here, particularly
given the number of charges faced by the appellant.

72 The respondent argued that at least three sentences should be ordered to
run consecutively such that the sentencing consideration of deterrence that
underlies the individual sentences is not compromised, and the global sentence
accords with the alternative scenario of the offender being separately
sentenced for each offence. In reaching this conclusion, the respondent
appeared to have relied on the fact that the seven proceeded charges were
committed on three separate occasions, as well as the fact that the offence of
drug trafficking protects different legal interests from that of drug
consumption and possession.

73 I did not think the District Judge erred in ordering the three sentences to
run consecutively. The District Judge ordered the 3rd, 25th and 26th charges
to run consecutively. All three offences were committed on different dates in
August 2016 and February 2018. The sentences therefore pertained to discrete
offences committed on separate occasions.

74 Further, in the proceedings below, the Defence accepted that the possession
for the purposes of trafficking charges, trafficking by selling charges, drug
consumption and drug possession charges triggered different legally-protected
interests. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defence’s Further Submissions on Sentence at [30] (ROP p 1303).

The Defence further accepted that the sentences which ought to run
consecutively should reflect these distinct interests. The District Judge
therefore sentenced the appellant in accordance with these principles: the
offences were separate and distinct, and the 3rd charge pertained to
possession for the purpose of trafficking, the 25th charge consumption, and
the 26th charge trafficking by selling. The result was that the sentence fell
squarely within the range proposed by the Defence.

75 I was also satisfied that the aggregate sentence imposed did not infringe
the totality principle. The comparisons made by the appellant to the aggregate
sentence imposed in Shouffee were unhelpful: it is trite that each case must
be decided on its own facts. In the present case, I did not think the sentence
of 20 years’ imprisonment was crushing or substantially above the normal level
of sentences imposed for the most serious of the offences committed. The
sentence had been appropriately calibrated having regard to the appellant’s
relative youth, lack of prior criminal record, and future prospects. In coming
to this conclusion, I bore in mind Menon CJ’s reminder at [80] of Public
Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799 that there is an element of
judgment inherent in the application of the aggregation principle, and to that
extent, the decision of the sentencing judge should not be interfered with
lightly.

Conclusion

76 I conclude by reiterating what I had observed at the close of the hearing
on 5 November 2018. The sentence imposed in the present case was long but it
was not disproportionate or crushing, bearing in mind the gravity of the 28
offences the appellant had committed. I was satisfied the District Judge had
correctly applied the law and imposed sentences that were in line with the
relevant precedents.

77 I saw no reason for appellate intervention in the present case. I therefore
dismissed the appeal.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

The appellant in person;  
Mark Tay and Charleston Teo (Attorney-General’s Chambers)  
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

