Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 149

Suit No 67 of 2017

Between

Swee Wan Enterprises Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Yak Thye Peng  
---  
  
… Defendant

And

Yak Thye Peng  
---  
  
… Plaintiff in counterclaim

And

(1)| Yak Tiong Liew  
---|---  
(2)| Yak Chau Wei  
(3)| Swee Wan Enterprises Pte Ltd  
(4)| Swee Wan Trading Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants in counterclaim

judgment

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Loans]

[Companies] — [Oppression]

[Limitation of Actions] — [Particular causes of action] — [Contract]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Swee Wan Enterprises Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Yak Thye Peng

[2019] SGHC 149

High Court — Suit No 67 of 2017  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
4–5, 9–12, 16–17 October 2018; 10 December 2018

12 June 2019 Judgment reserved.

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 In this action, the main protagonists are two brothers, Yak Thye Peng
(“YTP”) and Yak Tiong Liew (“YTL”), who have fallen out over the control and
management of two family owned companies, Swee Wan Enterprises Pte Ltd (“SWE”)
and Swee Wan Trading Pte Ltd (“SWT”). Yak Chau Wei (“YCW”), the daughter of
YTL, is also a party to the proceedings. Prior to this, the parties were
embroiled in legal proceedings against other members of the Yak family.

2 Essentially, SWE claims for the sum of $1,805,156.62 as a debt, being part
of the total amount paid out by SWE to YTP by way of five Bank of China
Cheques (“the BOC Cheques”). YTP denies liability for the debt claimed. He
counterclaims against YTL, YCW, SWE and SWT for conspiracy and minority
oppression.

3 Having considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I allow the
claim in part and dismiss the counterclaim. These are my reasons.

Background facts

History of the family business

4 Since its incorporation in 1979, SWE has been owned and managed by members
of the Yak family. SWE was engaged in the wholesale and manufacturing of
textile and clothing. It also acquired various properties.

5 YTP and YTL had been running SWE together from 1988, after the death of
their father, Yap Kim Leng (“YKL”). YTP is the older brother. Being more
proficient in English, he oversaw the management of SWE’s finance and
accounts, while YTL focused more on sales. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

YCW’s AEIC, Volume 1 of the Bundle of Affidavits (“1BA”) p 9 at para 14. YTP’s
AEIC, Volume 2 of the Bundle of Affidavits (“2BA”) p 870 at para 19.

6 Subsequently, SWT was incorporated in 1993. The wholesale and manufacturing
business of SWE was transferred to SWT. Under this arrangement, SWT functioned
as the trading vehicle, and SWE became a property holding company. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 10 at para 17.

7 In 2009, another entity, SW Apparel Pte Ltd (“SWA”), was incorporated. The
purpose was to grow and diversify the family business, and to allow the
nephews of YTP and YTL, namely Yak Eng Hwee (“Hwee”) and Yak Eng Siong
(“Siong”), to play a greater role in the family business. Hwee and Siong are
brothers. Eventually, the wholesale and manufacturing business was meant to be
transferred from SWT to SWA, which would then become the trading vehicle of
the group of companies. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 13 at para 31.

8 I should add that apart from SWE, SWT and SWA, the Swee Wan group companies
also included three other entities in Malaysia.

Ownership and management of SWE, SWT and SWA

9 Turning to the ownership of SWE, before 10 April 2015, YTP and YTL held
370,000 shares (44.58% shareholding) and 362,000 shares (43.61% shareholding)
respectively, being almost equal stakes in SWE. Hwee and Siong owned 41,500
shares (5.00% shareholding) each, which were transferred to them by YKL, their
grandfather, before his death. The remaining three minority shareholders with
5,000 shares (0.60% shareholding) each were Wong Ah Yoke (YTP’s wife), Tang
Siew Cheng (YTL’s then wife), and the estate of Ng Geok Chuan (the mother of
YTP and YTL). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”)/11.10.18/18/18 – 20/6; Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No 3) at para 29.

Sometime after 10 April 2015, Hwee and Siong transferred their shares to YTL
(“the 2015 Transfer”). Following a rights issue in June 2017 (“the Rights
Issue”), YTL further increased his stake in SWE. More shall be said of the
2015 Transfer and the Rights Issue in due course.

10 From the time of its incorporation, YTP and YTL were directors of SWE. YCW
was subsequently appointed a director on 2 October 2012. On 4 September 2015,
YTP was removed from the appointment.

11 Turning to SWT, prior to 10 April 2015, YTP and YTL, the main shareholders
of SWT, held 400,000 shares (40% shareholding) and 500,000 shares (50%
shareholding) respectively. Siong owned a 10% stake, being 100,000 shares
which he later transferred to YTL sometime after 10 April 2015. YTP and YTL
were appointed as directors from the outset. YCW was appointed as a director
on 28 September 2012.

12 As for SWA, at the time of its incorporation, the shareholders were YTP
(with 30% shareholding), YTL (with 30% shareholding), Hwee and Siong (with 20%
shareholding each). All were directors of SWA. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 13 at para 32.

By early 2012, Hwee was the only shareholder and director of SWA. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 13 at para 33.

Investigations into wrongdoings at SWE, SWT and SWA

13 Sometime in 2009, the then long-time auditor of SWE, SWT and SWA, Chua Soo
Chiew (“Chua”), informed YTP of irregularities in the accounts of the family
business. At that time, Yak Puay Khim (“Khim”), the sister of Hwee and Siong,
was the bookkeeper for SWE, SWT and SWA. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

YTL’s AEIC, 1BA p 625 at para 15; YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 13–15 at paras 33–42;
YTP’s AEIC, 2BA p 871 at para 22.

YTP did not inform YTL about Chua’s concerns. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE/11.10.18/33/16–23.

Chua’s services as auditor were terminated on 7 October 2011. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Volume 2 of the Agreed Bundle of Documents (“2AB”) pp 951–955.

On 28 October 2011, Chua wrote a letter addressed to Siong, detailing the
transactions of concern. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA pp 67–68.

14 Subsequently, in or around February 2012, YTL and YTP discovered that they
were no longer shareholders or directors of SWA. Upon investigation by YCW, it
appeared that Hwee had previously procured their agreement to the transfers of
shares and their resignations by asking them to sign certain documents on the
pretext of those documents being a release of their obligations as guarantors
of loans that SWA had previously taken out. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

YTL’s AEIC, 1BA p 625–626 at paras 13–17.

15 With YCW’s background in finance, YTP and YTL wanted her to continue to
assist them to investigate into the financial affairs of the companies. YCW
had worked at several international financial institutions before founding an
investment management firm, GAO Capital Pte Ltd (“GAO Capital”) in 2008, as
well as a corporate advisory and consulting firm, S2 Investments Pte Ltd
(“S2”) in 2012. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 11 at para 24.

16 YTP and YTL agreed that SWE would engage S2 to conduct a comprehensive
review of the accounts of SWE, SWT and SWA. Pursuant to this arrangement, S2
therefore commenced work sometime in April 2012. It was not until some two
years later that the arrangement was formalised in a letter of engagement
dated 9 November 2014 (“the Letter of Engagement”), with the parties being
SWE, SWT and S2. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 17 at paras 50–51.

YCW’s business partner at GAO Capital and S2, one Ted Low Yushuo (“Low”), was
also deeply involved in the investigations. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 7 at para 8; pp 10–11 at paras 21–25.

17 In the course of the investigations, it appeared that substantial sums of
money had been misappropriated from SWE’s accounts by Khim, Hwee and Siong.
The matter was reported to the Commercial Affairs Department (“CAD”).

18 In anticipation that further investigation into the suspicious transactions
would be required, and that legal advice would have to be taken in relation to
seeking recourse against Khim, Hwee and Siong, YTP and YTL agreed that YCW
should be appointed as a director of SWE so that she could act as the point of
contact between the companies and the lawyers. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

YTL’s AEIC, 1BA p 626 at para 21.

As such, YCW was appointed SWE’s director: see [10] above. In fact, YCW was
also appointed a director of SWT: see [11] above.

19 Subsequently, two accountancy firms, AccAssurance LLP (“AccAssurance”) and
STRIX Strategies Pte Ltd (“STRIX”), were engaged to assist in the preparation
of a report on the investigation findings, and another firm, AccVisory Pte Ltd
(“AccVisory”), was engaged to assist with the preparation of financial
statements and filing of the annual returns of SWE and SWT. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 18 at para 56; 1BA pp 279- 280

AccVisory was also appointed to provide corporate secretarial services. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 16 at para 48.

Legal proceedings against Hwee, Siong and Khim

20 Ultimately, the investigations culminated in the commencement of two sets
of legal proceedings. On 28 February 2014, Suit Nos 235 and 236 of 2014
(“Suits 235/236”) were commenced by SWE and SWT against, inter alia, Hwee,
Siong and Khim for alleged misappropriation of funds from the companies. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

YTL’s AEIC, 1BA p 627 at para 23.

21 As against Khim, summary judgment was obtained in the sum of about
$4,100,000. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE/09.10.2018/39/9–11.

As against Hwee and Siong, the claims in Suits 235/236 were eventually settled
pursuant to a settlement agreement dated 10 April 2015 (“the Suits 235/236
Settlement Agreement”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 20 at para 62.

By the agreement, Hwee and Siong were to pay SWE and SWT a sum of $600,000 by
the earlier of the two dates being (i) 30 days from the completion date for
the sale of Hwee’s property; or (ii) 31 December 2017. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 144 at cl 3.1.

22 Separately, Suit No 664 of 2014 (“Suit 664”) was commenced on 20 June 2014
by YTL in his personal capacity against both Hwee and SWA for the recovery of
YTL’s shares in SWA which had been transferred to Hwee. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

YTL’s AEIC, 1BA p 627 at para 24.

This suit was also settled pursuant to a separate settlement agreement dated
10 April 2015 (“the Suit 664 Settlement Agreement”). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 20 at para 64.

By the agreement, Hwee and SWA agreed to pay YTL a sum of $2,150,000 in
instalments, and for Hwee and Siong to transfer all of their shares in SWE to
YTL ie, the 2015 Transfer referred to at [9] above. Further, Siong was to
transfer all 100,000 of his shares in SWT to YTL: see [11] above. I note that
while the Suit 664 Settlement Agreement refers to transfers of 40,000 shares
each in SWE by Hwee and Siong, it is common ground between the parties that
both Hwee and Siong each held 41,500 shares before the 2015 Transfer. Nothing,
however, turns on this discrepancy.

23 I should add that in separate criminal proceedings, Khim was sentenced to
eight years’ imprisonment. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA pp 19–20 at para 61.

Withdrawals by YTP and YTL

24 In the course of the investigations into Khim, Siong and Hwee’s activities,
it was also revealed that both YTP and YTL had withdrawn substantial sums of
money from SWE and SWT. Indeed, in Suits 235/236, Hwee counterclaimed against,
inter alia, YTP and YTL for oppression, alleging that they had withdrawn sums
from SWE for their personal use, without Hwee’s knowledge and consent.

25 These withdrawals were detailed in a spreadsheet prepared by AccVisory,
which was sent to YCW via an email dated 9 October 2013 (“the AccVisory
email”): 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 18 at para 57; pp 119–120.

S/N| Withdrawn by| Date| BOC Cheque No| Amount  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| YTP| 5 July 2006| 394985| $525,000  
2| YTP| 7 July 2006| 394988| $500,000  
3| YTP| 11 May 2007 (The cheque was in fact dated 23 April 2007)| 606009|
$500,000  
4| YTP| 11 August 2008| 793826| $447,700  
5| YTP| 24 October 2008| 793845| $300,000  
6| YTP| 24 October 2008| 793846| $200,000  
7| YTP| 17 June 2009| 61687| $300,156.62  
| YTP| Total | $2,772,856.62  
8| YTL| 24 April 2007| 606010| $500,000  
9| YTL| 1 August 2008| 793827| $441,650  
| YTL| Total| $941,650.00  
  
26 I pause to observe that out of the seven cheques issued to YTP listed in
the AccVisory email, SWE acknowledged the sum of $447,700 by way of cheque
number 793826 to be a payment of dividend to YTP. This was documented by way
of the minutes of an annual general meeting on 25 June 2008, along with the
sum of $441,650 by way of cheque number 793827 paid to YTL. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 217.

As such, subsequently, SWE did not treat these two amounts as owing from YTP
and YTL respectively.

27 On 14 November 2013, a directors’ resolution was passed, regularising the
withdrawals of the remaining sums by both YTP and YTL as interest-free loans
repayable on demand (“the 2013 Resolution”). The 2013 Resolution was signed by
the directors of SWE at the time, ie, YTP, YTL and YCW, and stated as follows:
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 206.

Authorising unsecured balances to directors

APPROVED the sum of S$500,000 withdrawn in 2007 by YAK TIONG LIEW using [BOC
cheque] 606010, S$2,325,156.62 withdrawn between 2006 and 2008 by YAK THYE
PENG using [BOC cheques] 606009, 793485, 793486, 061687, 394985, 394988 less
US$300,000 returned on 10 September 2008. The amount withdrawn shall be
interest free and repayable on demand to the company.

As regards cheque numbers 793485 and 793486 as referred to in the 2013
Resolution, it is not disputed that the correct references should in fact be
to cheque numbers 793845 and 793846 respectively. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE/10.10.18/8/22 – 9/1.

28 Upon further review, SWE accepted that the amount in cheque number 394988
of $500,000 is not due from YTP. This was set out in a summary produced by YCW
sometime after 25 April 2014 (“YCW’s summary”). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 19 at para 59. See also YCW’s AEIC, 1BA pp 139–140.
NE/10.10.18/14/8 – 16/14.

As for the only remaining sum held against YTL of $500,000 paid out vide
cheque number 606010, SWE accepted that YTL repaid this amount in October
2008. Thus, according to SWE, there was nothing further due from YTL. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 24 at para 80.

29 As against YTP, what remained due to SWE are the payments made under the
BOC Cheques, with the total amount of $1,825,156.62. According to YTL and YCW,
there were discussions for YTP to repay the outstanding amount from the time
the withdrawals were discovered, but to no avail. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 19 at para 76; YTL’s AEIC at 1BA p 629 at paras 32–33;
NE/12.10.18/42/23–28.

Therefore, SWE commenced the present proceedings on 25 January 2017.

YTP’s non-election as director of SWE

30 While discussions were ongoing for YTP to repay the outstanding amount, a
notice was issued on 21 August 2015 convening an annual general meeting of
SWE. One of the matters to be dealt with was the re-election of directors: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 27 at para 88; p 219.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting of shareholders of
[SWE] will be held… on 4 September 2015… to transact the following business:

ORDINARY BUSINESS

1\. …

2\. …

3\. To re-elect [YTP], [YTL] and [YCW] retiring under Article 74 of the
Company’s Articles of association; …

31 On 4 September 2015, the AGM was convened with only Tang Siew Cheng (YTL’s
ex-wife) and Low (as proxy for YTL) in attendance. YCW (a non-shareholder)
presided as chairperson of the meeting. YTP did not attend, and called after
the AGM was over to say that he could not attend as he had been ill. It was
resolved at the AGM that only YTL and YCW be re-elected as directors; YTP was
not re-elected. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 28 at paras 91–92; p 266.

Charging by S2

32 As was mentioned at [16] above, S2 had been engaged to conduct
investigative work sometime in April 2012, but a formal Letter of Engagement
was only signed on 9 November 2014. The Letter of Engagement provided for
time-based fees: work done by the two lead partners (YCW and Low) was to be
charged at $250 per hour, and work done by all other staff was to be charged
at $100 per hour. According to Low, this rate was eventually bargained down by
YTP to $100 per hour for all staff, including the lead partners. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Low’s AEIC, 1BA p 656 at para 19.

However, according to YTP, he did not know about the Letter of Engagement. Low
had suggested capping the professional fees at 8% of the recovered sum, and
YTP had agreed to this. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

YTP’s AEIC, 2BA p 882 at paras 94–95.

33 On 15 December 2014, a first progress bill for the sum of $301,881.70 was
rendered to SWE and SWT. This sum was duly paid by SWT by way of a cheque
dated 16 December 2014. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

YTP’s AEIC, 2BA p 1205.

On 15 May 2017, a second progress bill for $520,000 was issued. A sum of
$250,000 was paid on 1 August 2018 in respect of this bill, and the balance
remains outstanding. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Low’s AEIC, 1BA p 658 para 27.

34 In the cover letter to the second progress bill issued on 15 May 2017, Low
stated that the professional costs incurred up to 31 December 2016 was in fact
$1,500,000. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Low’s AEIC, 1BA p 811.

He explained that the actual sum incurred was $2,334,494.85, but that due to
SWE and SWT’s tight financial situation, he had agreed to a cap of $1,500,000
on the fees owed. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Low’s AEIC, 1BA p 657 at paras 22–23.

35 Based on his removal as a director of SWE, the charging by S2 and other
matters which YTP views to be oppressive conduct, YTP brought his counterclaim
against YTL, YCW, SWE and SWT on 2 March 2017.

The Rights Issue

36 Thereafter, on 24 May 2017, YTP received notice that an extraordinary
general meeting (“EGM”) would be convened for the purpose of approving the
Rights Issue. This was a rights issue of 1,771,910 ordinary shares at the par
value of $1 per share, to be offered to existing shareholders in proportion to
their current shareholdings. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

YTP’s AEIC, 2BA p 886 at paras 121–122.

According to SWE, the capital was urgently needed as SWE’s loan facility with
ABN AMRO (“the ABN AMRO loan”) in the sum of US$1,032,403 was due to be repaid
by 30 June 2017, and plans for alternative financing had fallen through. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA pp 33–35 at paras 114–126.

37 In YTP’s view, however, the Rights Issue was nothing more than an attempt
to dilute his shareholding as YTL and YCW knew that YTP would not be able to
meet his obligations in respect of the Rights Issue. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

YTP’s AEIC, 2BA 887 at paras 124–125.

By a letter dated 31 May 2017, YTP’s solicitors wrote to YCW and YTL’s
solicitors, stating that YTP would “file an application to rescind and/or
restrain any such resolution”, and that if the Rights Issue was proceeded
with, such conduct will be relied on as “evidence of further oppression of
[YTP]”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

YTP’s AEIC, 2BA 1166–1167.

38 On 7 June 2017, YCW and YTL’s solicitors responded to the 31 May 2017
letter, stating that the Rights Issue was “necessary to ensure that SWE is
able to meet its liability to ABN AMRO Bank, and [was] not (as your client
alleges) an attempt to dilute his shareholdings in SWE” (emphasis in
original). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

YTP’s AEIC, 2BA 1168.

39 The EGM was convened on 7 June 2017, and a rights issue of 1,771,910 SWE
shares was offered at $1 per share to the existing shareholders based on their
respective shareholdings. YTL exercised his option pursuant to the Rights
Issue and purchased a further 950,000 shares. None of the other shareholders
subscribed to the Rights Issue. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

YTL’s AEIC, 1BA 637–638 at paras 70–71.

As a result, YTP’s percentage shareholding in SWE decreased to 20.79%, while
YTL’s stake increased to 78.37% as follows: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

YTP’s AEIC, 2BA 869 at para 12.

Shareholder| No of shares| Shareholding  
---|---|---  
YTL| 1,395,000| 78.37%  
YTP| 370,000| 20.79%  
Tang Siew Cheng| 5,000| 0.28%  
Estate of Ng Geok Chuan| 5,000| 0.28%  
Wong Ah Yoke| 5,000| 0.28%  
  
40 On 22 November 2017, YTP amended his counterclaim to include the facts in
relation to the Rights Issue.

The parties’ cases

41 I now turn to the parties’ cases. SWE’s claim is a straightforward claim
for a debt in the sum of $1,805,156.62, being the total of the amounts
withdrawn without authority under the BOC Cheques listed below amounting to
$1,825,156.62, less a sum of $20,000 returned: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at paras 4–8.

S/N| Date| BOC Cheque No| Amount  
---|---|---|---  
1| 4 July 2006| 394985| $525,000  
2| 23 April 2007| 606009| $500,000  
3| 24 October 2008| 793845| $300,000  
4| 24 October 2008| 793846| $200,000  
5| 16 June 2009| 061687| $300,156.62  
| Total| $1,825,156.62  
  
42 According to SWE, it was only in November 2013 that these withdrawals were
regularised and treated as interest-free loans by SWE to YTP by way of the
2013 Resolution. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Particular 1 in respect of para 14 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1)
served on 17 September 2018.

There was a repayment of $20,000 by YTP on 6 February 2007. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 7.

43 YTP does not deny having received various sums at the material time, but
avers that he is not liable to repay them for the following reasons:

(a) Some of those sums received were shareholder dividends paid in respect of
profits made from the sale of various properties between 2006 and 2008. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at para 41(a)–(c).

(b) Further, over the years, both YTL and YTP had at various times deposited
money into the accounts of SWE and SWT, which were treated as one entity. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at para 41(i).

Certain sums were paid either as a “refund” 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at para 41(e).

or were “meant to be on the account of SWT”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at para 41(f).

(c) To the extent that these sums were recorded in the companies’ accounts as
loans, there was a mutual understanding and agreement between the parties that
these sums would not have to be repaid. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at para 41(d).

(d) YTL had himself received two substantial sums of $500,000 and $441,650
pursuant to the aforementioned mutual understanding and agreement. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at para 41(g).

It had also been agreed that YTL could draw additional monthly sums from the
Malaysian companies for, inter alia, the payment of maintenance towards his
ex-wife. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at para 41(j).

(e) SWE’s claim is time barred by virtue of s 6(1) and s 32 of the Limitation
Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“Limitation Act”). 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at para 46.

(f) All issues relating to the outstanding sums had already been resolved
pursuant to the Suits 235/236 and Suit 664 Settlement Agreements. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at para 49.

44 Turning to the counterclaim, YTP claims that SWE, SWT, YTL and/or YCW had:
(i) engaged in a conspiracy with the intention of causing loss or financial
harm to him, and (ii) acted oppressively or unfairly under s 216 of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) against YTP as a shareholder
of SWE and/or SWT by way of the following:

(a) Procuring the removal of YTP as director of SWE in breach of the common
understanding that both YTP and YTL would have a say in the running and
management of the SWE. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at paras 15, 29–31.

(b) Breach of the fiduciary duties and duties of fidelity and good faith owed
by YTL and YCW as directors of SWT and SWE 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at paras 32–33.

in that YCW placed herself in a position of conflict of interest by engaging
entities that she owned to carry out the investigative work required, and by
charging excessive and exorbitant fees for the investigative work done by S2
and GAO Capital. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at paras 34–36.

(c) Deliberately engineering the dilution of YTP’s shareholding in SWE by
conducting the Rights Issue despite knowing that YTP would not be able to meet
his obligations. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at paras 58–63.

45 In terms of the relief sought, YTP claims, inter alia: (i) damages; (ii)
the right to commence a derivative action in the name of SWE against YTL
and/or YCW for the breaches of their fiduciary duties; and (iii) a buyout of
his shares in SWE at a fair market valuation, or, an order that SWE and/or SWT
be wound up on just and equitable grounds; (iv) a declaration that resolutions
passed since the date of writ be nullified or rescinded; and (v) a declaration
that any share transfers made pursuant to the Rights Issue be rescinded. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at pp 16–17.

46 On their part, YTL, YCW and the companies deny that they had engaged in a
conspiracy and/or acted oppressively in the manner alleged by YTP. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at paras 30–42.

SWE’s claim

47 Based on the parties’ cases for the claim, the three main issues are:

(a) Whether the amounts paid out under the BOC Cheques are to be repaid or are
recoverable as loans, or whether there was a mutual understanding that there
was no need for repayment;

(b) Whether the claim is time-barred; and

(c) Whether the claim is compromised by the Suits 235/236 Settlement
Agreement.

Whether the amounts are to be repaid or are recoverable as loans

48 In relation to the first issue, YTP raises two broad arguments, as well as
specific contentions in relation to each of the BOC Cheques. I begin with the
two broad arguments.

49 First, YTP argues that SWE has not identified any contractual basis for his
alleged obligation to repay SWE the proceeds of the BOC Cheques. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions (“DRS”) at paras 12–13.

The main thrust of this submission is that the 2013 Resolution, which is
central to SWE’s case on this point, is not a contractual document setting out
the rights and obligations owed between the parties.

50 For completeness, I set out the 2013 Resolution again: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 206.

We, the undersigned, being all the directors of [SWE] do on this date, agree
and consent to pass the following resolutions as directors’ resolutions in
writing:

Authorising unsecured balances to directors

APPROVED the sum of … S$2,325,156.62 withdrawn between 2006 and 2008 by YAK
THYE PENG using Bank of China cheques 606009, 793485, 793486, 061687, 394985,
394988 less US$300,000 returned on 10 September 2008. The amount withdrawn
shall be interest free and repayable on demand to the company.

…

[Signed by YTL, YTP and YCW]

51 While I accept that the 2013 Resolution is not itself a loan agreement, I
find that it is evidence of an agreement between SWE and YTP that the proceeds
of the BOC Cheques be treated as an interest-free loan to YTP repayable on
demand to SWE. I elaborate. The 2013 Resolution, as a resolution of the SWE’s
board of directors, was a unilateral act of the company. It cannot, on its
own, create mutually binding obligations between the company and a third
party, even if that third party was one of the directors who had signed the
resolution. That said, while the 2013 Resolution is not itself a loan
agreement, it is clear evidence that SWE (by resolution of its board of
directors) and YTP (in his personal capacity) intended that the proceeds of
the BOC Cheques be treated as a loan by SWE to YTP.

52 What is crucial is that there is clear evidence that YTP intended and
considered himself bound by an obligation to repay the proceeds of the BOC
Cheques in the terms stated in the 2013 Resolution. In this regard, I find
YTP’s assertion that he did not understand the contents of the 2013 Resolution
at the time he signed it 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions (“DRS”) at para 17.

to be quite difficult to believe. His evidence on this point is marred by
numerous about-turns. During cross-examination, he agreed that the 2013
Resolution was passed for the purposes of approving the cheques withdrawn by
him, before asserting immediately after that he did not understand the
contents of the resolution. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 31; NE/12.10.18/52/28 – 53/3.

In another exchange, he admitted to understanding the meaning of the word
“withdrawal”, but then insisted that he did not understand the meaning of the
word “withdrawn”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCS at paras 34–36; NE/12.10.18/54/13–27.

These unbelievable assertions were made all the more unsustainable by the fact
that he, by his own evidence, was an experienced businessman who had always
dealt with the financial matters of the companies and who had passed his O
Level examinations in English. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCS at paras 40–41.

53 For the above reasons, I find that YTP understood the contents of the 2013
Resolution at the time he signed it, and that he understood and intended that
the proceeds of the BOC Cheques were to be treated as an interest-free loan to
him by SWE repayable on demand.

54 Next, I turn to YTP’s second broad argument that there had been a mutual
understanding that the proceeds of the BOC Cheques need not be repaid, whether
on the basis of “tradition” 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE/11.10.18/46/3–11.

or a “running shareholder/directors’ account”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at paras 39–40; DRS at para 50.

Much was made of the fact that YTP and YTL used to withdraw sums of money from
SWE and SWT. In essence, YTP alleges that there was a mutual understanding
shared with YTL to the effect that both YTP and YTL could draw monies from the
companies at will, on the basis that these withdrawals would be offset against
deposits and advances made by YTP and YTL to the companies from time to time.
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE/11.10.18/46/3–11; DCS at paras 39–40.

However, from sometime in 1988, there were other shareholders of SWE,
especially Hwee and Siong with 41,500 shares each. Certainly, there is no
indication that any such understanding was shared with Hwee and Siong. As I
observed at [24] above, in Suits 235/236, Hwee had complained about such
withdrawals by YTP and YTL. Therefore, I do not accept that YTP and YTL were
permitted to withdraw funds from SWE and SWT after 1988, at the expense of the
other shareholders. Further, even if such an understanding had existed after
Hwee and Siong became shareholders, I would have thought that that state of
affairs clearly came to an end following the passing of the 2013 Resolution.

55 Having dismissed YTP’s broad arguments, I turn now to the contentions
raised by YTP in respect of the individual cheques.

Cheques 1 and 2

56 YTP submits that Cheques 1 and 2 were payments of dividends in respect of
the sale of certain investment properties. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DCS at para 157.

According to YTP, this is supported by the fact that roughly equal sums were
similarly paid to YTL by way of two cheques: cheque number 394988 for $500,000
and cheque number 606010 for $500,000. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DCS at para 161.

57 I reject this submission for the following reasons. First and foremost, as
YTP acknowledged, the proceeds of Cheques 1 and 2 were recorded in SWE’s
accounts as loans to directors, and not as dividend payments. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DCS at para 167.

Second, it was not at all clear that YTL had received roughly identical
amounts as dividends. Cheque No 394988 was not a payment to YTL alone, but a
payment into an account jointly held by YTL and YTP. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”) at paras 20, 72.

In fact, as I stated earlier, while this was originally indicated as a payment
out to YTP in the AccVisory email, it was not included as a claim against YTP
in the 2013 Resolution: see [28] above. As for Cheque No 606010, I accept
YTL’s evidence that this sum was not treated by him as a payment of dividends,
and that he eventually repaid this amount. Third, on YTP’s own evidence (in
his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”)), Cheque 1 was a “repayment for
the monies that [he] had put into the companies”, not dividend payments. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

YTP’s AEIC, 2BA p 900 at para 198.

He has been inconsistent on this point. I therefore reject YTP’s submission
that Cheques 1 and 2 were payments of dividends.

58 I turn now to the alternative argument that some of the sums withdrawn by
YTP under the cheques were actually repayments of sums that YTP had previously
deposited into the companies. Over the years, many deposits and withdrawals
were made into and out of the bank accounts of both SWE and SWT. In my view,
the onus was on YTP to establish that there existed a sufficient nexus between
particular deposits and the withdrawals in question before it could be said
that a particular withdrawal (pursuant to a cheque) was a repayment of sums
previously put in or has been paid by subsequently.

59 Turning first to Cheque 1, there was no evidence before me as to any
specific deposits YTP had made that Cheque 1 might have been repayment in
respect of.

60 However, in respect of Cheque 2, YTP refers to a US$300,000 payment he had
made to SWT in September 2008. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DCS at paras 193–198; YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 140.

In other words, YTP argues that he had repaid the sum. He relies on the fact
that at around the same time, YTL also returned a similar sum, and for which
he is acknowledged not to owe any sum to SWE for cheque number 606010. Against
this, SWE argues that SWE and SWT were separate legal entities, and that
monies paid into the latter could not be later withdrawn from the former. This
argument is at first blush quite attractive, but, as mentioned, the touchstone
is whether YTP could prove a nexus between the sums withdrawn and deposited.
Here, YCW had herself accepted – in no uncertain terms – not just that there
was a nexus, but that it had been agreed that the US$300,000 paid by YTP could
be used to offset the sums he owed to SWE: 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE/10.10.18/25/11–24.

Q: ---if … Mr Yak Tiong Liew took 500,000 and … that is deemed to be discharge
by a [US]$300,000 payment [by Yak Tiong Liew]—

…

Q: ---shouldn’t the $500,000 that Yak Thye Peng took at the same time---

…

Q: ---be similarly discharged by his payment of [US]$300,000 that he made? Do
you agree?

A: Yes.

Q: Alright. Thank you.

A: Yup. And---and there was a meeting that we actually agreed on that too.

61 Indeed, this appears to have been recorded in the 2013 Resolution in the
form of a stipulation that the sum of “US$300,000 returned on 10 September
2008” should be deducted from the total sum owing. While YCW’s own record of
the US$300,000 payment by YTP states the date of payment as 9 September 2008
(and not 10 September 2008 as stated in the 2013 Resolution), 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA 140.

there was nothing to suggest that this was a reference to a different payment.
YCW confirmed that the sum claimed in Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) did
not take this US$300,000 deduction into account. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE/10.10.18/10/26 – 11/1.

62 For the foregoing reasons, I do not accept the specific defences in respect
of Cheques 1 and 2, save for the sum of US$300,000, which I find has not yet
been accounted for by SWE in its claim and should be deducted from the overall
sum claimed.

Cheques 3 and 4

63 I turn now to YTP’s case on Cheques 3 and 4. In the closing submissions,
YTP claims that Cheques 3 and 4 were paid to him as repayments for a loan he
made in June 2008 to SWT (“the June 2008 loan”). He relies on the listing in
the AccVisory email, showing that there was a deposit made by him on 17 June
2008. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DCS at paras 201–202; YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 120.

64 This position is quite different from YTP’s position as stated in his AEIC.
In his AEIC, he made no mention of the June 2008 loan. Rather, his evidence
was that Cheques 3 and 4 were repayments in respect of two entirely different
sums of US$300,000 and S$298,193.67 drawn down from his personal loan facility
with Credit Industrial et Commercial (Singapore Branch) around 8 September
2008 and 2 March 2010 respectively. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

YTP’s AEIC, 2BA p 901 at para 198, pp 1547–1549; PCS at paras 135–139.

In my view, the shift in his case undermines his contention that the June 2008
deposit and Cheques 3 and 4 had always been linked. In fact, it appears to me
likely that YTP was simply trying to pick a deposit which bore sufficient
similarities in time and quantum to Cheques 3 and 4 such that they might seem
linked. It certainly appeared that he had changed his case because the June
2008 deposit was at least for the same quantum as the sums drawn under Cheques
3 and 4.

65 I should add that contrary to YTP’s reading of YCW’s evidence under cross-
examination, I do not think YCW unequivocally conceded that there existed a
correlation between Cheques 3 and 4 and the June 2008 deposit. Her evidence
was that any correlation was, at best, “tenuous”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE/10.10.18/28/29 – 29/23.

66 I therefore reject YTP’s argument that Cheques 3 and 4 were repayments for
sums he had previous loaned the companies.

Cheque 5

67 In respect of Cheque 5, YTP submits that this was a repayment of a loan
that he had extended to SWT, and refers to a payment of $300,000 which he had
made to SWT on 25 June 2009 (“the 25 June 2009 loan”). 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCS at paras 206–208; YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 120.

68 In my view, the correlation between the 25 June 2009 payment and Cheque 5
is not proved. Again, YTP has changed his position regarding which specific
deposit correlates to Cheque 5. In his AEIC, he referred to the same loans
drawn down from his Credit Industrial et Commercial (Singapore Branch)
facility referred to in [64] above. In his closing submissions, he relies on
the 25 June 2009 loan, as reflected in the listing provided in the AccVisory
email. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DCS at para 208; YTP’s AEIC, 2BA p 901 at para 198, pp 1547–1549.

However, neither the loans referred to in his AEIC nor the 25 June 2009 loan
tally with the sum of $300,156.62 drawn under Cheque 5. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

PRS at para 38.

69 I therefore reject YTP’s stance that Cheque 5 was meant as repayment for
the 25 June 2009 loan.

Whether the claim is time-barred

70 I turn to consider whether SWE’s claim is time-barred. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DCS at paras 234–244.

YTP submits that SWE’s claim for sums withdrawn under the cheques is prima
facie time-barred by operation of s 6 of the Limitation Act. This submission
appears to have been made on the footing that SWE’s claim is for recovery of
monies withdrawn without proper authorisation, which cause of action would
have arisen at the time the BOC Cheques were allegedly improperly drawn – ie,
from 2006 to 2009.

71 It is clear to me, however, that this is in fact a claim for a debt arising
from a loan agreement. The nature of SWE’s claim is clarified in Particular 1
of the Further and Better Particulars furnished on 17 September 2018 (“the
Particulars”), in which para 14 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) was
particularised as follows:

1\. Under paragraph [14] of Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1)

14\. Despite numerous demands from SWE, YTP has failed, neglected and/or
refused to repay the sum of S$1,805,156.62 to SWE.

Particulars

a. Monies withdrawn by YTP and YTL without proper authorisation, including the
cheques stated at paragraph 4 above, were acknowledged and recorded as debts
owing by both of them to SWE;

b. There was a director’s resolution dated 14 November 2013 (the “November
2013 Resolution”) that approved the amount withdrawn by YTP in respect of,
amongst others, the cheques stated at paragraph 4 above as interest free loans
repayable on demand to SWE;

…

72 At this juncture, I should state that there is some inconsistency in SWE’s
case as to the time the agreement was reached. In particular, there is some
discrepancy as to whether this was in 2013 or in 2014. Paragraph 9 of the
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) states that YCW discovered the
unauthorised withdrawals in or around 19 May 2014 and that an agreement to
repay the amounts was only reached subsequently, whereas, Particular 1 of the
Particulars provides that the 2013 Resolution regularised the withdrawals
(though I note that Particular 3 of the Particulars claims that SWE first
found out about YTP’s drawings “in or around 2014”). Notwithstanding the
discrepancies in the pleadings on this aspect, YCW’s evidence is that the
discrepancies were raised in or around October 2013 and that the decision to
regularise them was made on 14 November 2013. This is corroborated by the
AccVisory email (dated 9 October 2013) 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 104.

and the 2013 Resolution respectively.

73 In any case, this discrepancy is not material. SWE does not need to rely on
the later dates in 2014. As I discussed at [53] above, in my view, the loan
agreement was made sometime around the execution of the 2013 Resolution on 14
November 2013. The present suit was commenced on 25 January 2017, well within
the six-year time bar provided for contractual claims as provided within s 6
of the Limitation Act.

Whether the claim is compromised by the Suits 235/236 Settlement Agreement

74 I now go to the third issue. YTP submits that the present claim has been
compromised by virtue of the Suits 235/236 Settlement Agreement. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DCS at para 245.

In my view, the Suits 235/236 Settlement Agreement has no such effect on the
present claim.

75 By way of reminder, Suits 235/236 were brought by SWE and SWT against,
inter alia, Hwee, Siong, Khim in February 2014. The Suits 235/236 Settlement
Agreement was meant to resolve the disputes in connection with Suits 235/236,
as well as loans involved in Suit 664 (“the defined subject matter”). Clause
2.1 provides that the Settlement Agreement only binds parties who have
executed it. Further, cl 2.2 states as follows: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 143.

This Settlement Agreement and the Suit 664 Settlement Agreement shall be in
full and final settlement of all or any claims whatsoever between SWE, SWT,
YTP, YTL, [YCW]…on the one hand, and SWA, [two Malaysian companies], Siong,
Hwee … on the other hand arising out of or in connection with [the defined
subject matter] and the said parties shall upon execution of this Settlement
Agreement, hereby irrevocably waive any existing claims (whether known or
unknown) arising out of or in connection with the same.

76 I note that YTP is not a party to the Suits 235/236 Settlement Agreement.
Although he is listed as one of the parties in the text of the document, cl
2.1 provides that the Settlement Agreement only binds parties who have
executed the agreement, and it is beyond dispute that YTP did not sign the
Suits 235/236 Settlement Agreement. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PCS at para 149; PRS at para 98.

77 I should add that YTP had taken pains to ensure that he would not be
personally bound by the Suits 235/236 Settlement Agreement. On 2 March 2015,
slightly over a month before the Suits 235/236 Settlement Agreement was
entered into, YTP’s then solicitors wrote to SWE’s solicitors stating that
“[a]ny proposal for settlement or concluded settlement of the entire matter on
a global basis made at the mediation [of Suit Nos 235 and 236 of 2014] will
not bind our client”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PCS at para 150; 3AB p 1721.

In fact, as Low stated, YTP did not wish to be personally involved in the
lawsuit. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Low’s AEIC, 1BA p 653 at para 17(d).

78 In any case, the terms of the Suits 235/236 Settlement Agreement do not
purport to settle any disputes between SWE and YTP. In my view, the only
reasonable interpretation of cl 2.2 is that that the agreement was entered
into in settlement of disputes between two groups of entities and individuals,
and not between entities and individuals within each group. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

PRS at para 89.

For clarity, SWE, SWT, YTP, YTL and YCW belong to one group, while SWA, Siong,
Hwee and others form the other group. I am fortified in this conclusion by the
fact that the Suits 235/236 Settlement Agreement was concluded at a time when
there was no dispute nor legal proceedings between SWE and YTP. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

PRS at para 95.

Conclusion on SWE’s claim

79 To conclude, I find that SWE’s claim is neither time-barred nor compromised
by the Suits 235/236 Settlement Agreement. Therefore, I allow SWE’s claim in
the sum of S$1,805,156.62, less the sum of US$300,000. For the purpose of the
set-off, it would be appropriate for the exchange rate on 10 September 2008
(being the date reflected in the 2013 Resolution) to be applied.

80 For completeness, I reject YTP’s submission that a lesser sum (than what is
claimed) cannot be awarded in this case because SWE has failed to include in
its plea for relief the words: “or such other sum as the court deems fit”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

DCS at para 273.

In Edmund Tie & Co (SEA) Pte Ltd v Savills Residential Pte Ltd [2018] 5 SLR
349, it was made clear that a court “may award less but not more than what an
applicant claims” (at [10]).

YTP’s counterclaim

81 Turning to YTP’s counterclaim, I note that in his closing submissions, YTP
has not pursued his pleaded counterclaim for conspiracy to injure. Therefore,
the sole remaining cause of action in the counterclaim is that of minority
oppression under s 216 of the Act. I further note that although SWT was added
as a defendant in the counterclaim, YTP has confirmed that the counterclaim
pertains only to his interests as minority shareholder in SWE, and not SWT. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE/16.10.18/36/22 – 37/7.

82 In order to make out such a claim, a minority shareholder must demonstrate
that the conduct complained of amounts to commercially unfair conduct, and
such unfairness will generally be found where there has been a visible
departure from the standards of fair dealing and a violation of the conditions
of fair play which a shareholder is entitled to expect: Ho Yew Kong v Sakae
Holdings Ltd and other appeals and other matters [2018] 2 SLR 333 (“Ho Yew
Kong”) at [81].

83 In the case of an ordinary company, prima facie, the company’s formal
documents set out the basis of the association exhaustively. However, informal
agreements, understandings or promises as between members of a company could
also give to legitimate expectations on the part of minority shareholders. The
onus is on the minority shareholders to show that such informal or implied
understandings give rise to certain expectations, and the conduct of the
majority in conflict with such expectations might be challenged for being
unfair: Eng Gee Seng v Quek Choon Teck and others [2010] 1 SLR 241 (“Eng Gee
Seng”) at [10].

84 Based on the closing submissions, YTP’s complaint pertains to five aspects
of YTL and YCW’s conduct: 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DCS at para 55.

(a) Causing YTP to be removed as a director of SWE;

(b) Proceeding with the Rights Issue which led to the dilution of YTP’s shares
in SWE;

(c) Committing various breaches of fiduciary duties as directors of SWE;

(d) Failing to provide documents and information as requested by YTP; and

(e) Commencing the present proceedings against YTP.

85 I shall now consider each aspect of YTL and YCW’s conduct complained of in
turn, and in the round.

Removal as director

86 Once again, the essential facts pertaining to YTP’s non-election as
director are as follows. The notice of the AGM issued on 21 August 2015
contained the proposed Resolution 3, “[t]o re-elect [YTP], [YTL] and [YCW]
retiring under Article 74 of the Company’s Articles of association”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

1BA 221.

On 4 September 2015, YTP did not attend the AGM. As stated above at [31],
YTL’s ex-wife and Low (as proxy for YTL) attended. YCW attended and chaired
the AGM, while Low voted on the resolutions as YTL’s proxy. On Resolution 3,
YTL and YCW were re-elected, but not YTP. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

3AB p 1802.

Mutual understanding

87 In relation to his removal, YTP contends that this was a departure from the
mutual understanding between YTL and himself that both men would have a say in
the running and management of SWE. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DCS at para 26.

Thus, I begin by considering whether there was such a mutual understanding.

88 SWE is clearly a family business, managed and run by YTP and YTL since its
incorporation. On the evidence, there existed a relationship of mutual trust
between YTP and YTL, at least until the subsequent breakdown of the
relationship. In the circumstances, it seemed an obvious inference that there
existed a mutual understanding that both YTP and YTL would have a say in the
running and management of the company. This position did not change with Hwee
and Siong becoming shareholders, as YTP and YTL continued to be the sole
directors of SWE. Indeed, YTL agreed, under cross-examination, that this was
the case: 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE/04.10.18/36/6–15.

Q: … [YTP’s] case is that there was an understanding between you and him that
you would both have a say in the running and management of Swee Wan
Enterprise.

A: Yes.

Q: Okay.

Court: I am not sure whether your question is that this is your case or
whether he agrees with it.

…

A: Yes, that ought to be the case.

89 Nonetheless, in closing submissions, YTL and YCW contend that based on
SWE’s articles of association (“the Articles”), there cannot be such a mutual
understanding. In particular, they point to arts 74 and 75 (which contemplate
the retirement of directors at annual general meetings so as to stand for re-
election), art 79 (which provides for the removal of directors) and art 82
(which concerns the vacation of office of directors if requested to resign).
However, I disagree with this argument.

90 The mere fact that the Articles provide for various mechanisms for the
removal of a director does not preclude the formation of such a mutual
understanding. Under s 216 of the Act, the court is empowered to take into
account wider equitable considerations which go beyond what was formally
recorded in the constitutive documents of the company, and to find the
existence of informal understandings that trump the express provisions of
those formal constitutive documents: Margaret Chew, Minority Shareholders’
Rights and Remedies (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2017) (“Margaret Chew”) at para
4.061.

Commercial unfairness

91 That said, proving the existence of a legitimate expectation (founded on a
mutual understanding) that both parties would have a say in the running and
management of the company is but the first step for YTP. It must also be
established that the conduct complained of is contrary to or has departed from
such expectations, and that the departure was of such an extent as to become
unfair (see Eng Gee Seng at [11]).

92 The test of commercial unfairness is a necessarily fact-sensitive one.
Whether or not the impugned conduct is unfair is an objective inquiry; but one
which must be assessed within the context of the actual, circumstantial and
relational scenario of the dispute: Margaret Chew at para 4.042. Therefore, in
determining whether the majority has acted unfairly, it seems only right that
the court also takes into account the conduct of all the parties in
determining whether there has been unfairness as a whole. As Quentin Loh JC
(as he then was) explained in Tan Yong San v Neo Kok Eng and others [2011]
SGHC 30 at [103]:

Since considerations of fairness and equity play a crucial role in an action
under s 216, a court should rightly be able to take into account the conduct
of all the parties in determining whether there has been unfairness as a whole
warranting the grant of relief under s 216(2). After all, fairness is a
relative concept. Furthermore, because the court has a very wide discretion in
granting such relief, it would only be natural to consider the relative
equities of both the minority and majority shareholders in determining the
appropriate form of relief… [emphasis added]

93 Thus, in determining whether the dismissal of the aggrieved party in
violation of his legitimate expectation to be involved in management
constitutes oppression, the reasons for the aggrieved party’s removal are a
relevant factor (see Eng Gee Seng at [56]; Grace v Biagioli and others [2006]
2 BCLC 70 (“Grace”) at [65]). If the removal of the aggrieved party was
justified, it will not be considered unfair, even if done in breach of that
party’s expectation to remain involved in management.

94 Essentially, YTP argues that in his removal, there were various breaches of
the Articles, and other procedural irregularities, which caused him to suffer
substantial prejudice. His removal amounted to unfair and oppressive conduct.

95 First, YTP submits that there were breaches of arts 74–75. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

1BA 254.

Article 74 states that at every annual general meeting, one third of the
directors shall retire. A retiring director is eligible for re-election. Then,
art 75 provides that the directors who have served the longest would be the
ones to retire, and if the directors are appointed on the same day, they shall
draw lots as to who should retire, unless they agree who should do so.
Contrary to art 74, the proposed Resolution 3 was for all three directors –
YTP, YTL and YCW – to retire at the same time. As between YTL and YTP who
served for the same length of time, there was no determination who should
retire pursuant to art 75.

96 YCW candidly admitted to non-compliance with these twin articles. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

PCS at para 179; PRS at para 116; NE/09.10.18/56/30 – 57/16.

According to her, she had initially wanted to remove YTP under art 79, as she
felt that “he was incompetent as a director”, and “had done various things
that were harmful to SWE”. In the course of Suits 235/236, Hwee and Siong
produced some evidence to suggest that YTP had given them “gifts” from SWE,
and that YTP was aware of certain withdrawals amounting to about $1,150,000.
Upon discussion with YTL, it was decided that rather than remove YTP, they
would give YTP a chance to explain himself at the AGM. Thus, they decided to
put YTP up for re-election. Upon the suggestion of AccVisory (the company
secretary) that it might appear “unfair” to put up only YTP for re-election,
it was decided that all three directors would be subject to re-election. Quite
clearly, there was no need for YCW to be subject to this, given that she was
the most recent appointee. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE/10.10.18/52/23 – 53/10.

I accept YCW’s explanation for the departure from strict compliance with arts
74–75. Ironically, it was meant for YTP’s benefit. Certainly, there was
nothing sinister in the non-compliance with arts 74–75.

97 However, the nub of YTP’s complaint concerns art 76, which provides that
where a director retires, and if the place is not filled, in default, the
retiring director “shall if offering himself for re-election… be deemed to
have been re-elected, unless at that meeting it is expressly resolved not to
fill the vacated office, or unless a resolution for the re-election of that
director is put to the meeting and lost” [emphasis added]. YTP contends that
when he received the notice of the AGM, Resolution 3, as proposed, it would
not have given him any indication that his re-election was at stake 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

DCS at para 70; NE/09.10.18/58/16 – 59/9.

since he might reasonably have expected that he would be deemed re-elected
pursuant to art 76. Given the poor relationships among the parties then, he
decided not to attend the meeting; he did not wish to exacerbate matters.
During cross-examination, YTP recalled that he was not feeling well and chose
not to attend the meeting. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE/16.10.18/14/23–25.

98 Contrary to what YTP expected, at the AGM, the voting was not in accordance
with the way the proposed Resolution 3 was tabled. While it was tabled as a
resolution for the re-election of all three directors collectively, the actual
vote was done for each director individually, with the result that YCW and YTL
were re-elected, but not YTP. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

DCS at para 69; DRS at para 68.

Had art 76 been strictly applied, YTP argues that he would have been deemed
re-elected at the AGM. Further, the conduct of the meeting was in breach of
art 59 (see [101] below).

99 In my view, as YTL and YCW contends, YTP could have but did not attend the
AGM to seek re-election. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

PRS at para 116.

I note that YTP has been inconsistent in his reasons for not attending the
AGM. Putting aside the reasons for his non-attendance, what is more critical
to me is the issue of whether YTP should have expected that he would be deemed
re-elected pursuant to art 76. I see little basis for this expectation.
Article 76 requires the retiring director to offer himself for re-election so
as to be deemed to be re-elected. YTP conceded that he did not inform anyone
of his intentions to carry on being a director. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE/16.10.18/19/23–25.

Further, art 76 provides that the deemed re-election takes effect, “unless a
resolution for the re-election of that director is put to the meeting and
lost”. In other words, the deeming mechanism provided for in art 76 will only
apply where there is no vote (or perhaps no valid vote) on the re-election of
a director. YTP provided no reasons for believing that the meeting would not
vote against his re-election.

100 Indeed, from YCW’s evidence, the meeting voted on the re-election of each
of the three directors separately. YTP’s re-election was defeated. Although
the proposed Resolution 3 was framed as a resolution “[t]o re-elect [YTP],
[YTL] and [YCW] retiring under Article 74 of the Company’s Articles of
association”, I do not consider it improper to vote on the re-election of each
of the directors separately, rather than as a group. In fact, I thought it
appropriate for the meeting to have done so, in accordance with art 74, as
each of the three individuals had to agree to continue to be a director, and
each re-election must not be turned down by the meeting.

101 That said, I should add that the conduct of the meeting was in breach of
art 59, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

1BA 252.

which provides that if there is no chairman of the board of directors to
preside over a general meeting, a shareholder (elected among those present)
shall chair it. As SWE did not have a formal chairman for its board of
directors, either YTL’s ex-wife or Low (as proxy for YTL), should have chaired
the meeting. In breach of the article, YCW, a non-shareholder, did so. That
being said, this was a minor irregularity which did not cause any prejudice to
YTP.

102 In the round, I accept that YTP’s non-election at the AGM involved
breaches of arts 59, 74 and 75. Nonetheless, contrary to YTP’s argument, I did
not form the view that those breaches were so egregious as to render the
removal of YTP as a director commercially unfair.

103 With that, I move to the issue of whether YTP’s removal was justified. In
Grace, the English Court of Appeal affirmed the trial judge’s finding that the
aggrieved party’s dismissal was justified in circumstances where that
aggrieved party had, without prior disclosure or discussion with his fellow
directors, negotiated to purchase (for himself) the business of a potential
competitor to the company in question, and then attempted to conceal the
existence of those negotiations. This is, of course, but an example, and
whether or not dismissal as a director was justified is ultimately an
intensely fact-sensitive question which entails a balancing of the equities of
the case. Past authorities, even those with seemingly similar factual
circumstances, are of limited precedential value and much will depend on the
precise facts of the case.

104 As I mentioned at [96] above, in the course of investigations, there were
allegations by Hwee and Siong against YTP. This formed the basis of the
counterclaim in Suits 235/236. Oddly, YTP decided not to get involved in the
lawsuit, and left it all to YCW to handle. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

YTP’s AEIC, 2BA p 878 at para 69.

Whatever the merits of these allegations, it seems to me that there was some
basis for YTL and YCW to be concerned about YTP’s prior management of SWE
(especially in terms of the financial management). In such circumstances, I do
not consider YTP’s removal as a director unjustified.

105 Further, I note that YTP did not take any steps – immediately or at all –
to protest his non-election, the breaches of the Articles, or to seek re-
election at a subsequent AGM. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PCS at paras 189–193; NE/16.10.18/19/26 – 20/1.

If indeed YTP had considered that his exclusion from the management of the
company as a director was so unfair as to constitute oppression, I would have
expected him to have taken immediate steps to protest his non-election. This
he did not do until the filing of his counterclaim in this suit almost two
years later.

106 To sum up, while the removal as a director was a departure from the
expectation of YTP based on the mutual understanding that he would remain a
director, and involved some breaches of the Articles, taking into account the
conduct of the parties, there was really no commercial unfairness to YTP.

The Rights Issue

107 I come to YTP’s allegation that YTL and YCW had improperly proceeded with
the Rights Issue to dilute his shareholding in SWE. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

DCS at para 86.

The issue of shares for any reason other than to raise capital – for instance,
to dilute the voting power of others – may amount to oppression if the
directors representing the majority cast their votes in bad faith: Over & Over
Ltd v Bonvests Holdings Ltd and another [2010] 2 SLR 776 at [122]. However, in
my judgment, YTP has not discharged his burden of proving that YTL and YCW had
called for the Rights Issue to dilute his voting power and had thereby acted
in bad faith.

108 YTL and YCW’s defence is that the Rights Issue was necessary to urgently
raise funds to repay an ABN AMRO loan which had fallen due. It is undisputed
that the ABN AMRO loan was for business purposes, and that it had been
negotiated and managed by YTP. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCS at paras 199–200; NE/11.10.18/26/3–22.

It was secured by a personal guarantee put forth by YTP and by SWE’s
properties.

109 Notice of the cancellation of the loan facility dated 28 March 2017 was
sent to YTP’s residential address, stating that an outstanding sum of
US$1,032,403 had to be repaid by 30 June 2017. It was brought to YTL’s
attention only sometime in April 2017 when he received a call from ABN AMRO.
118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PCS at para 201; YTL’s AEIC, 1BA p 637 at para 67.

It was clear that YTL and YCW had nothing to do with the cancellation of the
loan. By the time they learned about the problem, there was less than three
months for SWE to repay ABN AMRO.

110 YTP argues that there was no need for the Rights Issue, as there should
have been other means to raise funds to repay the loan. However, I note that
upon finding out about the repayment obligation sometime in April 2017, SWE
took reasonable steps to find alternative means of financing. In particular,
attempts were made to obtain re-financing from no less than four different
banks, being Maybank, United Overseas Bank, Standard Chartered Bank and Bank
of China. YTP argues that from the email correspondence with the banks,
options were proposed by the banks but with no follow up from YCW and/or YTL.
119

##### Foot Note 119

×

DCS para 91.

Having reviewed the evidence, I do not agree that these were mere token
efforts; no less than four banks were contacted, but, unfortunately, those
attempts were ultimately unsuccessful. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PCS at para 203.

111 Further, despite YTP’s argument, I accept that YTL was under no obligation
to apply the proceeds of the Suit 664 Settlement Agreement – to which he was
entitled to personally – to the discharge of the debt owed by SWE under the
ABN AMRO loan. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PCS at para 223.

As for the sum of $600,000 due from Hwee under the Suits 235/236 Settlement
Agreement, it appeared that Hwee had not fully paid up the sum in May and June
2017. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

1BA pp 633–634 at paras 51–53.

There was no evidence adduced to show that at the material time, SWE had any
other sources of funds from which to repay the ABN AMRO loan.

112 Second, YTP takes issue with the manner in which the Rights Issue was
carried out. In particular, YTP contends that there was short notice given to
him, that no proper explanation for the number of shares to be issued had been
given, and that no valuation was done to support the share price. However, I
do not think that anything untoward can be inferred from the conduct of the
Rights Issue.

113 In terms of the short notice given to YTP, as set out above, the urgency
in the situation was because YCW and YTL only learned about the cancellation
of the facility in April 2017. In fact, it would seem that YTP was the one who
first received notice of ABN AMRO’s intention to cancel the loan in late March
2017, but failed to take any appropriate action to handle the matter.

114 The Rights Issue was for 1,771,910 ordinary shares at the par value of $1
per share. Each shareholder was entitled to subscribe for the number of shares
as follows: YTL (950,000), YTP (798,888) and YTP’s wife (Wong Ah Yoke), YTL’s
then wife (Tang Siew Cheng) and the estate of Ng Geok Chuan, 10,674 shares
each. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PCS at para 208.

115 As explained by YCW, while the initial outstanding amount was
US$1,032,403, YTL made a partial repayment on behalf of SWE, reducing the
outstanding amount to about $900,000. Although the quantity of shares issued
was far in excess of what was required to pay off the ABN AMRO loan (given the
price per share), 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

DCS at paras 93–96.

I accept YCW’s evidence that she had operated on the assumption that only YTL
would be willing and able to subscribe so as to raise around $900,000, given
that there would not be enough time to call for multiple rights issues if the
first did not raise enough capital. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

PCS at paras 209–210.

116 As for the valuation of the shares, which was fixed at $1 per share, I
note and share YTP’s concern that YCW had made no serious attempt to ascertain
the market value of the shares. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

DRS at para 76.

However, this alone does not demonstrate a lack of good faith. YTP’s complaint
appears to be that the price could have been set lower than book value, 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

DCS at para 100; DRS at para 76.

but this submission is in my view double-edged; a lower share price would also
mean that more shares would have to be issued in order to raise the same
amount of funds should YTL be the only one to subscribe, resulting in a more
serious dilution of his shareholding. Indeed, YCW candidly acknowledged that a
rights issue would be issued at less than current value, so that existing
shareholders can have a chance to participate, and to incentivise them to do
so. Therefore, the rights issue could have been set at a lesser value per
share. However, the price was set at $1 per share because SWE had always
issued new shares at the book value previously. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE/9.10.2018/69 line 28 to 70 line 11.

In contrast, when asked why he did not subscribe for the shares if he thought
the price was low, YTP had no satisfactory explanation to give. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE/16.10.2018/23 line 27 to 24 line 12.

117 Having carefully considered the evidence, I accept YTL and YCW’s stance,
and find that the Rights Issue was called to raise capital. This was a
commercial decision, prudently made in light of the financial situation faced
by SWE. It was not for the purpose of diluting YTP’s share.

Alleged breaches of fiduciary duties

118 YTP also claims that YTL and YCW had breached their fiduciary duties owed
to SWE, and that this was further evidence of oppressive behaviour. In
particular, YTP claims that: (i) YCW had acted in conflict of interest by
engaging entities related to her to carry out the investigative work, and by
overcharging SWE for the services rendered; 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

DCS at para 113.

and (ii) YTL had failed to properly account to SWE for the settlement proceeds
that he received on behalf of SWE in respect of the Suits 235/236 Settlement
Agreement. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

DCS at para 110.

Conflict of interest and overcharging

119 YTP’s grievance is that there is a form of indirect diversion of monies
away from SWE by YCW and YTL. In Margaret Chew at para 4.144, it is observed
as follows:

Instead of direct diversions of monies or assets from the company, a more
insidious form of self-serving conduct occurs where the controller causes the
company to enter into a contract with the controller or with entities
associated, related or connected with him. However, such transactions could
conceivably benefit the company. The threat that interested transactions pose
to the shareholder is the possibility that the transactions are not arm’s
length deals reflective of market conditions, and thereby favour the
controller at the expense of the company (in particular, the minority
shareholders)…

120 For a start, I note that YTP conceded that he had, in 2012, agreed to
bring YCW and Low on board for the investigations. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

YTP’s AEIC, 2BA p 882 at para 94; NE/16.10.18/26/2–10.

Further, he agreed that they should be remunerated, was aware that payments
had to be made for the work done and that payments had been made. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NE/16.10.18/27/1–3, 22–32.

He also agreed to appoint YCW as a director of SWE on 2 October 2012 to
facilitate the investigative process. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

YTP’s AEIC, 2BA 871 at para 23; NE/11.10.18/45/5–12.

Therefore, the involvement of YCW, S2 and or Gao Capital is not tainted by
conflict. Certainly, there is no room for YTP to protest that YCW placed
herself in position of conflict of interest.

121 It remains for me to consider whether YTL and YCW allowed S2 to overcharge
SWE, as a “self-serving” means of diverting funds out of SWE to enrich
themselves at the expense of YTP. Viewed in context, I do not think that there
is this form of oppressive conduct.

122 As I set out above at [32], the agreed hourly rate was $100, for the lead
partners, YCW and Low, as well as the staff. In my view, this is an eminently
reasonable rate. Indeed, it seems to me that the rate of $250 per hour
contained in the Letter of Engagement is also reasonable, especially taking
into account the fairly substantial experience of YCW and Low (which I shall
not set out here). I should add that I do not accept YTP’s claim that there
was an agreement with Low to cap professional fees at 8% of the recovered sum.
This was a bare and vague assertion, with no real explanation of what was
meant by the “recovered sum”. Thereafter, a first payment of $301,881.70 was
made on 16 December 2014 by SWT: see [33] above. This was more than two years
after work commenced, which pointed away from YTL and YCW trying to siphon
money away from SWE. Low explained that this first progress bill was in
respect of 2,988.5 hours of work done (charged at $100 per hour) plus
$3,038.70 in disbursements. In my view, this seemed to be sufficient
justification for the amount.

123 It seems to me what YTP really takes issue with is the mention of the
“incurred” sum “capped” at $1,500,000 for work done from 2012 and ending 31
December 2016, as stated in the account summary dated 15 May 2017 which
enclosed the second progress bill for $520,000. A sum of $250,000 was paid on
1 August 2018, which means that a total amount of $551,881.70 had been paid to
S2. While the remaining amount has not been billed to SWE and SWT, Low
confirmed that he would be billing for the balance of the $1,500,000. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NE/10.10.18/89/5-6.

124 At this juncture, I turn to the work done by S2. In the Letter of
Engagement, S2 was engaged to “provide a comprehensive financial review of
[SWE and SWT]”, and to “represent [SWE and SWT] in any discussions with
service providers including legal counsel and accountants”. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 76.

125 Given the dismal state of the financial records of SWE and SWT, with
misappropriation by Khim, Hwee and Siong, and withdrawals by YTP and YTL, I
accept Low’s evidence that there was substantial work done by S2 to review and
match the bank records, the cheque images, the general ledger books and the
payment vouchers not just of SWE and SWT, but also of some of the individuals
involved. There were also many other areas S2 assisted with, including
liaising with AccVisory, the lawyers, the authorities, such as the CAD,
suppliers and customers, and so on. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA pp 648 – 650 at para 11.

126 In terms of time frame, the work was done over more than four years
beginning in early 2012 and ending 31 December 2016. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

YTP’s AEIC: 2BA 1208–1209.

Contrary to YTP’s submission, it would appear that the work continued well
after 2015, after the settlement agreements were entered into.

127 Further, again, contrary to YTP’s submission, I do not think S2’s work was
essentially a duplication of efforts by other professionals, particularly
AccAssurance and STRIX. AccAssurance was tasked to prepare a report for court
proceedings, and quoted $10,000 for its work. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 271.

As was explained by Chua Choong Thoong, a partner of AccAssurance, the
documents provided were voluminous and not arranged in order – they came in
“dribs and drabs” – and S2 assisted in identifying the documents and searching
for the documents. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE/11.10.18/6/21-23.

In other words, AccAssurance relied on S2’s work. As for STRIX, its scope of
work was to review AccAssurance’s work and to present and defend the report in
court, 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 279.

for which STRIX quoted $45,528. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

YCW’s AEIC, 1BA p 281.

These were separate areas of work.

128 In terms of outcome, the work done aided in summary judgment of $4,100,000
being obtained against Khim in Suits 235/236, as well as the Suits 235/236
Settlement Agreement. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

PRS at para 132.

It also resulted in the commencement of the present proceedings against YTP.
There was commercial benefit to SWE and SWT.

129 While there was, admittedly, little in the way of documents prepared by S2
as evidence of the work done, Low explained that this was because the bulk of
S2’s work comprised in retrieving documents and collating them so that they
could be presented in a comprehensible manner. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NE/10.10.18/86/20–25.

Also, one must bear in mind that the nature of such work is such that not all
searches will bear fruit; the time and effort spent on a search may well be
disproportionate to what is eventually found. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE/10.10.18/96/29.

Taking all of this into account, it might fairly be said that the paucity of
documents produced belied the true extent of the work done.

130 As Low explained, the invoice for $1,500,000 was based on the total number
of hours worked by YCW, S2’s staff and him from 2012 to 2016, as well as
disbursements. To support this, Low pointed out that he had put in a total of
6,845.5 hours of work. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PCS at para 246.

Based on the agreed rate of $100 per hour, the professional fees incurred
would have amounted to some $684,550 for Low’s work alone. This is without
taking into account the substantial work done by YCW (also at the rate of $100
per hour), the hours put in by S2’s staff, as well as disbursements incurred.
Once all of this is accounted for, I do not think it can be clearly said that
the invoice for $1,500,000 constitutes overcharging.

131 In light of the substantial work done, the significant commercial benefit
of the work to SWE, and the agreed rate for charging for the work, it seems to
me there is some basis for the proposed quantum of fees. That said, of course,
it remains for SWE and SWT to peruse any bill rendered, and to raise
appropriate queries with S2, if and when necessary. On balance, however, I do
not find that the amount of fees charged and proposed to be charged by YCW and
her affiliated companies is so excessive as to support a finding that this was
a scheme to divert funds from SWE. I also do not find that YTL and YCW have
already made payments of such excessive amounts so as to constitute oppressive
conduct. At the end of the day, apart from some bare assertions, YTP has
simply failed to produce any evidence to prove that the acts are clearly meant
to favour YTL and YCW at the expense of the company (and therefore YTP).

Accounting for the settlement proceeds

132 I turn next to YTP’s allegations that YTL had failed to properly account
to SWE for the settlement proceeds in respect of the Suits 235/236 Settlement
Agreement. In my view, these allegations are not proved on the facts. Although
there may have been some discrepancies in YTL’s account of the monies
received, the monies received have been substantially accounted for and
further sums have yet to be paid in. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

YTL’s AEIC, 1BA 633–634 at paras 51–55.

Failure to provide documents and information

133 I do not accept YTP’s submission that SWE’s refusal to provide certain
documents as requested constituted minority oppression. On his own admission,
148

##### Foot Note 148

×

DCS at para 135.

YTP’s request for documents was not made in his capacity as shareholder of
SWE, but was made in connection to his defence to SWE’s claim against him. The
proper avenue for such a request would be to seek specific discovery of the
documents sought; it does not lie in YTP’s mouth to allege that SWE, YTL or
YCW were acting improperly in declining to disclose the documents sought. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

PCS at paras 260–267; PRS at paras 134–135.

Commencement of the present proceedings

134 YTP’s submission that the mere commencement of the present proceedings
constituted oppressive conduct is wholly without merit. It goes without saying
that it is not commercially unfair for the majority shareholders in a company
to cause proceedings to be commenced by the company against a minority
shareholder to recover debts owed to the company. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

PCS at para 259.

Indeed, SWE’s action is vindicated as I have found in its favour for the
claim.

Conclusion on YTP’s counterclaim

135 Having considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I am of the
view that while there was a departure from the mutual understanding held among
the shareholders for YTP to have a role in the management of SWE, the conduct
complained of did not rise to the level of commercial unfairness required to
sustain a claim under s 216 of the Act. Accordingly, I dismiss YTP’s
counterclaim in its entirety.

Conclusion

136 To sum up, I allow SWE’s claim for S$1,805,156.62, less the sum of
US$300,000 with the exchange rate for the conversion to be fixed on 10
September 2008, with interest at the rate of 5.33% from the date of writ to
the date of judgment. I dismiss YTP’s counterclaim. I shall hear the parties
on costs.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge

Vikram Nair and Ngo Wei Shing (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff
and defendants in counterclaim;  
Tan Sia Khoon Kelvin David and Sara Ng Qian Hui (Vicki Heng Law Corporation)
for the defendant and plaintiff in counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

