Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2019] SGHCR 01

Suit No 1207 of 2016  
(Summons Nos 2968 and 2970 of 2018)

Between

| StreetSine Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1) | Singapore Institute of Surveyors and Valuers  
---|---  
(2) | Lim Lan Yuan  
(3) | Tan Choi Heng  
(4) | Teo Chin Teck John  
(5) | Goh Heng Hoon (Wu Hengyun)  
(6) | Loh Kai Chieh  
(7) | Tay Choon Kwan  
(8) | Tan Siew Hoon  
(9) | Chan Kim Mun Eric  
(10) | Tan Keng Chiam  
(11) | Low Fook @ Low Fook Kiong  
(12) | Png Poh Soon (Fang Baoshun)  
(13) | Soh Chor Yin  
(14) | Ong Shujuan (Weng Shujuan)  
(15) | Chwee Shook Mun Valenie (Cui Shuwen)  
(16) | Yee Yeh Shiunn  
(17) | Teo Li Kim  
(18) | Mak Weng Tat  
(19) | Gan Thiam Hee Joseph  
(20) | Poh Kwee Eng  
(21) | Sim Hwee Yan  
(22) | Han Jee Kheng  
(23) | Teho Property Consultants Pte Ltd (formerly known as ECG Consultancy Pte Ltd)  
(24) | Jones Lang Lasalle Property Consultants Pte Ltd  
(25) | Knight Frank Pte Ltd  
(26) | Edmund Tie & Company (SEA) Pte Ltd (formerly known as DTZ Debenham Tie Leung (SEA) Pte Ltd  
(27) | CBRE Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure] – [Costs] – [Security]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
StreetSine Singapore Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Singapore Institute of Surveyors and Valuers and others

[2019] SGHCR 01

High Court — Suit No 1207 of 2016 (Summons Nos 2968 and 2970 of 2018)  
Zeslene Mao AR  
10 and 12 October 2018

28 December 2018 Judgment reserved.

Zeslene Mao AR:

1 Summons No 2968 and 2970 of 2018 are two applications for security for costs
taken out by the 23rd Defendant and the 1st to 22nd Defendants (collectively
referred in this judgment to as “the Defendants”) respectively against the
Plaintiff, StreetSine Singapore Pte Ltd. The 23rd Defendant’s application is
for security for its costs up to and including the filing of affidavits of
evidence-in-chief in the sum of $70,000. The 1st to 22nd Defendants’
application is for their costs up to the completion of discovery in the sum of
$386,750. The applications for security for costs are made pursuant to s
388(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), which provides:

Security for costs

388.—(1) Where a corporation is a plaintiff in any action or other legal
proceeding the court having jurisdiction in the matter may, if it appears by
credible testimony that there is reason to believe that the corporation will
be unable to pay the costs of the defendant if successful in his defence,
require sufficient security to be given for those costs and stay all
proceedings until the security is given.

2 In essence, the Defendants’ position is that they are entitled to security
for costs as there exists credible evidence to believe that the Plaintiff will
be unable to pay the Defendants’ costs. Such credible evidence consists of,
amongst other things, the Plaintiff’s financial woes such as its balance sheet
insolvency and operating losses as well as loan agreements entered into
between the Plaintiff’s parent company, StreetSine Technology Group Pte Ltd
(“STG”), and STG’s shareholders for the funding of the present litigation. The
Plaintiff opposes the application, inter alia, on the ground that given its
liquidity, the Defendants cannot show that there is reason to believe that the
Plaintiff will be unable to pay the Defendants’ costs if they are successful
in their defence.

3 Having considered the parties’ respective evidence and submissions, I now
give my decision on the applications.

Background and procedural history

4 The Plaintiff is a private company incorporated in Singapore and carries on
the business of an information technology company that integrates big data
sets with mobile applications to provide property information and transaction
tools to the real estate market. It is a wholly-owned subsidiary of STG. The
majority of the shares in STG are held by SPH Interactive Pte Ltd.

5 The 1st Defendant is a national body representing professionals who carry
out various services relating to the real estate and construction industry,
including land surveying, quantity surveying, property management, marketing,
estate agency and valuation practice. The 2nd to 22nd Defendants are either
individual members or employees of the 1st Defendant. The 23rd Defendant,
which is also a member of the 1st Defendant, is a property consultancy firm
that offers valuation advisory services.

6 The present suit was commenced by the Plaintiff against the 1st Defendant on
10 November 2016. At that time, the Plaintiff alleged that the 1st Defendant
had engaged in a conspiracy with the predominant purpose of injuring the
Plaintiff’s business. On 16 October 2017, the 2nd to 27th Defendants were
added as defendants to the action pursuant to leave granted by the Court. The
Plaintiff’s case is that as a result of the Defendants’ wrongful acts and
breaches, the Plaintiff has been, amongst other things, unable to market its
valuation products to banks, financial institutions or the public in any
meaningful manner within Singapore or overseas.

7 On 28 June 2018, the Defendants filed their respective applications for
security for costs. At this time, the applications were not supported by any
expert opinion. Both the 1st to 22nd Defendants and the 23rd Defendant relied
on the Plaintiff’s financial statements, especially those produced for the
year ended 31 August 2017 (“2017 Financial Statements”). The Defendants
highlighted these points from the Plaintiff’s financial statements to support
their case that security for costs ought to be granted:

(a) The Plaintiff had made losses over the years in 2014 to 2017. The
Plaintiff had made a net loss of $41,538 in 2017 and a net loss of $1,227,675
in 2015.

(b) The Plaintiff had a negative total asset position and a negative current
asset position over the years from 2014 to 2017. In particular, as at 31
August 2017, the Plaintiff had a negative total asset position of $1,354,238
and a negative current asset position of $2,402,275.

(c) In the 2017 Financial Statements, the independent auditors, KPMG LLP
(“KPMG”), had expressed a “material uncertainty related to going concern”, as
follows:

We draw attention to Note 21 to the financial statements which indicates that
[the Plaintiff] incurred a net loss of $41,538 during the year ended 31 August
2017 and, as of that date, the Company’s total liabilities exceeded its total
assets by $1,354,238, and its current liabilities exceeded its current assets
by $2,402,275. As stated in Note 21, these conditions indicate that a material
uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to
continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this
matter.

8 In a reply affidavit filed by Mr Jason Barakat-Brown, the Chief Executive
Officer of STG, the following points in response were made on behalf of the
Plaintiff:

(a) The profitability of a company from an accounting perspective did not
necessarily reflect the company’s financial strength or its liquidity. In any
case, the Plaintiff made a profit of $630,860 in 2016. Although it posted a
small loss of $41,538 in 2017, its revenue had increased by more than 25% from
$4,940,990 in 2016 to $6,192,499 in 2017. Further, the Plaintiff generated
positive operating cash flow of $1,330,352 and $1,286,549 respectively in 2016
and 2017.

(b) The claim that the Plaintiff might be in financial difficulties because it
was a negative total asset and negative current asset position as at 31 August
2018 was premised on a misunderstanding of the Plaintiff’s business model. The
Plaintiff was an information technology company that offered its services to
customers using a subscription business model that allowed them to obtain
access to its services over a 12-month membership period. The Plaintiff billed
and received payment from its customers for the full amount of the
subscription fee at the start of the 12-month period. As a matter of
accounting treatment, these sums received were recorded as liabilities as they
represented revenue which the Plaintiff had not earned when it received
payment. However, the Plaintiff was free to utilise these sums for its
business and to meet any obligations or liabilities. Further, under the
Plaintiff’s contracts with its customers, these sums were not refundable in
any circumstances. Thus, this line item in the Plaintiff’s balance sheet
(referred to hereinafter as “billings in advance”), which formed 72% of the
Plaintiff’s current liabilities as at 31 August 2017, should be viewed in this
light.

(c) While the Plaintiff invested heavily in growing its business, these
investments were made on a discretionary, month to month basis. This meant
that the Plaintiff could, if required, reduce the cash it invested at short
notice in order to make more cash available for funding the legal proceedings.
The Plaintiff would be able to do so without affecting its ability to provide
services to existing subscribers in any way, because such services were being
provided using an existing platform which the Plaintiff had already developed
and paid for.

(d) STG entered into separate loan agreements with each of its three
shareholders, under which STG’s shareholders agreed to provide loans to STG
for the purpose of funding the legal costs incurred and/or anticipated by the
Plaintiff in connection with the present action. Each loan agreement was for a
term of two years from 11 January 2017 and could be extended for an additional
year by STG and STG’s shareholders. STG was entitled to borrow up to $420,000
under these loan facilities.

(e) The 2017 Financial Statements did not reflect the Plaintiff’s latest cash
position. In this regard, the Plaintiff exhibited redacted bank account
statements dated 30 June 2018 showing that it had cash and cash equivalents of
$1,696,951.85, which was significantly higher than the sum of $924,511
reflected in the 2017 Financial Statements.

9 The Plaintiff also relied on the evidence of an independent expert, Mr
Premjit Dass, a chartered accountant and a director in Navigant Consulting
(APAC) Pte Ltd. In his expert report, Mr Dass opined that:

(a) The billings in advance were classified in the Plaintiff’s financial
statements as current liabilities only because of the timing of the collection
of the subscription revenues rather than because they were liabilities that
needed to be settled by the outflow of cash at some point in the future. The
Plaintiff categorised the billings in advance as liabilities to comply with
paragraph B49 of the Financial Reporting Standard in Singapore (“FRS”) 115
which states that “the upfront fee is an advance payment for future goods or
services and, therefore, would be recognised as revenue when those future
goods or services are provided”. Thus, an assessment of the Plaintiff’s
liquidity should exclude billings in advance as the Plaintiff “is not required
to discharge those liabilities in cash”.

(b) KPMG’s statement that “a material uncertainty exists” does not mean that
the Plaintiff is unable to continue as a going concern. Under Singapore
standards for auditing and financial reporting, a company’s management is
required to make an assessment of its ability to operate as a going concern,
and to disclose any material uncertainty related to events or conditions that
might cast doubt on its ability to do so. An auditor’s responsibilities are in
turn to review the appropriateness of such an assessment. In this case, the
Plaintiff’s management was of the view that it was appropriate to prepare the
2017 Financial Statements on a going concern basis (see Note 21 to the 2017
Financial Statements set out at [61] below). The fact that KPMG concluded that
its opinion was “not modified in respect of this matter” (see [7(c)] above)
meant that KPMG was of the view that (a) that it was appropriate to use the
going concern basis for the preparation of the 2017 Financial Statements; and
(b) the Plaintiff’s financial statements had adequately disclosed any material
uncertainty related to its ability to continue as a going concern.

10 In response to Mr Dass’ report, the 1st to 22nd Defendants instructed Mr
Nicholas James Gronow to file an independent expert report. Mr Gronow, who was
also a chartered accountant, was a senior managing director of FTI Consulting
(Singapore) Pte Ltd. In his report, Mr Gronow stated:

(a) Prima facie, the Plaintiff was balance sheet insolvent as at 31 August
2017. Further, the following reasons indicated that the Plaintiff “may also be
considered cash flow insolvent” or at risk of becoming cash flow insolvent:

(i) the Plaintiff incurred a net loss of $41,538 in 2017;

(ii) the Plaintiff maintained a negative cash flow from 2014 to 2016 and only
maintained a positive cash flow in 2017 taking into account cash flow from
investing activities; and

(iii) in the 2017 Financial Statements, the auditors stated that there is a
“material uncertainty” as to whether the Plaintiff may continue as a going
concern.

(b) Although there may be no cash payment each month to the parties that
provided the billings in advance, there are material levels of monthly
operating expenses incurred by the Plaintiff that need to be settled in cash,
including employee benefits, rental expenses and advertisement expenses, in
order for the Plaintiff to continue operating its business. As the Plaintiff
incurred $3,960,403 in operating expenses in 2017, it can be said to have
spent $330,000 per month. The Plaintiff’s cash balance of $924,511 as at 31
August 2017 only provided coverage of the Plaintiff’s operating expenses for
2.8 months. Apart from the Plaintiff’s operating expenses, the Plaintiff also
made significant investment in intangible assets. This, coupled with its loss-
making position, suggested to Mr Gronow that the Plaintiff “must continually
reinvest in the company in order to maintain and grow the business to enable
it to reach a critical mass”. All these reflected the expenses that the
Plaintiff had to continually expend in order to provide services to its
customers who paid the billings in advance.

(c) While KPMG expressed the opinion that it was appropriate to use the going
concern basis for the preparation of the 2017 Financial Statements, the
“material uncertainty” identified by KPMG could be ignored.

11 No expert report was filed on behalf of the 23rd Defendant. However, on the
eve of the hearing, the 23rd Defendant filed a Notice of Intention to refer to
Mr Gronow’s affidavit.

The applicable legal principles

12 There are two stages in an application for security for costs under s
388(1) of the Companies Act. At the first stage, the Court will determine if
it appears by credible testimony that there is reason to believe that the
plaintiff would be unable to pay the defendant’s cost if the defendant is
successful in its defence. If the first stage is satisfied, the Court will
then consider at the second stage whether it should exercise its discretion to
order security for costs.

13 Generally, once the first stage is satisfied, the Court would grant
security for costs unless there are special circumstances which demonstrate
that it would be just for security not to be provided (see Frantonios Marine
Services Pte Ltd and another v Kay Swee Tuan [2008] 4 SLR(R) 224
(“Frantonios”) at [61]). This is because the legislative and public policy
behind s 388 of the Companies Act is to provide “some protection for the
community against litigious abuses by artificial persons manipulated by
natural persons”, bearing in mind that “[a] man may bring into being as many
limited companies as he wishes, with the privilege of limited liability” (per
Megarry VC in Pearson v Naydler [1977] 1 WLR 899 at 905, cited in Ho Wing On
Christopher v ECRC Land Pte Ltd [2006] 4 SLR(R) 817 at [71]; see also
Frantonios at [58]).

14 It is not disputed that the legal burden to demonstrate that an order for
security for costs should be granted rests on the applicant. In this
connection, the applicant is not required to prove on a balance of
probabilities that the plaintiff will be unable to pay when ordered to do so
(see Jirehouse Capital (an unlimited company) and another v Beller and another
[2009] 1 WLR 751 (“Jirehouse”) at [26]). Rather, the test is whether there is,
by credible testimony, “reason to believe” that the plaintiff would be unable
to do so. As Clarke J observed in IBB Internet Services Ltd and another v
Motorola Ltd [2013] IESC 53 (“IBB”) at [5.8], this requires the Court to
predict a future uncertain event, which “involves not only a consideration of
the relevant [p]laintiff’s current ability to meet an order for costs but also
any likely change in that ability brought about by the passage of time and, of
course, predicated on the failure of the proceedings”.

15 In order to decide whether there is reason for such a belief, the Court
will have “to look at the evidence put forward on the application as a whole
and form an assessment on the basis of the evidence as a whole as to whether
there is reason to believe that the company will not be able to pay costs
ordered against it” (see Jirehouse at [34]). The fact that a credible witness
puts forward a case on behalf of the applicant of the plaintiff’s inability to
pay would not by itself be sufficient; where there is conflicting evidence,
the Court must have regard to that as well and reach a conclusion on the
“totality of the evidence placed before it, giving such weight to the various
matters deposed to as is appropriate in the circumstances” (per Sir Donald
Nicholls VC in Re Unisoft Group Ltd (No 2) [1993] BCLC 532 at 534; see also
Jirehouse at [34]). In Warren Mitchell Pty Ltd v Australian Maritime Officers’
Union and others (1993) 12 ACSR 1, Lee J expounded on the test in connection
with the then Australian equivalent to s 388 of the Companies Act (ie, s 1335
of the Corporations Law) as follows (at 5):

The use of the word “credible” suggests a requirement that evidence to be
relied upon has some characteristic of cogency. Qualification of the word
“testimony” by “credible” suggests that an evidentiary burden is undertaken by
the party seeking the order. It amounts to an obligation on an applicant for
an order to show that the material before the court is sufficiently persuasive
to permit a rational belief to be formed that, if ordered to do so, the
corporation would be unable to pay the costs of that party upon disposal of
the proceedings. … [S]peculation as to insolvency or financial difficulties
likely to confront the corporation will be insufficient to ground the exercise
of the discretion.

[emphasis added]

16 At the same time, it has been recognised that an applicant for security for
costs is not required to provide “anything very conclusive in the way of
proof” and can “do no more than to point to the surrounding circumstances”
(see Concorde Enterprises Ltd v Anthony Motors (Hutt) Ltd (No 2) [1977] 1 NZLR
516 at 519). In considering whether credible evidence existed to give reason
to believe that the plaintiff would be able to pay the defendant’s costs,
courts have considered the following factors:

(a) the plaintiff’s cash position and the financing and credit facilities
available to the plaintiff (see Frantonios at [33]);

(b) the plaintiff’s assets and liabilities (both current and long term) (see
Frantonios at [33]);

(c) the solvency of the plaintiff (see Elbow Holdings Pte Ltd v Marina Bay
Sands Pte Ltd [2014] SGHC 219 (“Elbow Holdings”) at [9(a)]); and

(d) whether there is any evidence that the plaintiff has failed to pay or
delayed in making payment of a debt that has become due and payable (see, for
example, Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd v Revitech Pte Ltd [2008] SGHC 230 at
[14]; South East Enterprises (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Hean Nerng Holdings Pte Ltd
and another [2011] SGHC 11 at [5]).

17 If the Court is satisfied that such credible testimony exists, it will then
proceed to the second stage, which is to consider whether to exercise its
discretion to grant the application for security for costs. At the second
stage, the Court would have regard to all the relevant circumstances to decide
if it would be just to make the order (see Creative Elegance (M) Sdn Bhd v
Puay Kim Seng [1999] 1 SLR(R) 112 at [13]). Such circumstances include,
amongst other things, the following matters:

(a) whether the plaintiff’s claim is bona fide and not a sham;

(b) whether the plaintiff has a reasonably good prospect of success;

(c) whether the plaintiff’s want of means was brought about by the defendant;
and

(d) whether the application for security for costs was being used
oppressively, such as to stifle a genuine claim.

18 It is also important to note that in an application for security for costs
under s 388(1), the Court will not go into the merits of the case in detail
unless the evidence is so plainly, clearly and overwhelmingly in favour of one
party (see Frantonios at [49]). All parties accepted that this was not the
case here, and none of the parties delved into merits of their respective
claim or defence during the arguments on this application before me.

The issue and the parties’ arguments

19 The main issue which the parties focussed their arguments on in respect of
these applications was the issue of whether there is reason to believe that
the Plaintiff would be unable to pay the Defendants’ costs if the Defendants
were successful in their defence. While arguments pertaining to the second
stage were raised, these were made briefly and in a cursory manner.

20 In my decision, I therefore deal chiefly with the issue of whether the
Defendants were able to demonstrate that there is reason to believe that the
Plaintiff would not be able to satisfy their costs when ordered to do so.
Before turning to my decision in respect of this, I set out a summary of the
parties’ arguments for context.

The 1st to 22nd Defendants’ arguments

21 Counsel for the 1st to 22nd Defendants, Mr Tng Sheng Rong, made three main
points in seeking to demonstrate that there is reason to believe that the
Plaintiff would be unable to pay their costs. First, Mr Tng submitted that on
an analysis of the Plaintiff’s financial statements, the Plaintiff was both
balance sheet and cash flow insolvent. Second, Mr Tng pointed to the fact that
the Plaintiff was the beneficiary of a loan between STG and its shareholders.
In Mr Tng’s submission, the fact that such loan agreements had to be entered
into was telling of the Plaintiff’s inability to pay the Defendants’ costs.
Moreover, the Plaintiff was not a party to the loan agreements, and in any
case there was no certainty that the term of the loan agreements would be
extended. The loan agreements could also be terminated either by STG or STG’s
shareholders upon giving 30 days’ written notice, without prior reference or
notification to the Plaintiff. All these demonstrated that little weight could
be placed on the loan agreements. Finally, Mr Tng noted that the Plaintiff had
disclosed matters in its 2017 Financial Statements that constituted a
“material uncertainty” as to its ability to continue as a going concern. These
matters related to the exact points that the 1st to 22nd Defendants had
highlighted. The 1st to 22nd Defendants thus had sufficient cause for concern
as to the Plaintiff’s ability to pay their costs.

The 23rd Defendant’s arguments

22 Counsel for the 23rd Defendant, Mr Chia Huai Yuan, adopted all of Mr Tng’s
arguments. He further submitted that based on the points raised by the
Defendants, the evidential burden had shifted to the Plaintiff to adduce
evidence to demonstrate that there was reason to believe that it would be able
to pay the Defendants’ costs. However, this evidential burden was not
discharged. For example, the Plaintiff did not proffer any evidence to support
its assertion that the investments in its business were made on a
discretionary basis and that it could divert this cash towards other purposes,
such as funding these legal proceedings. Further, with respect to the sum of
$1.6m in its bank account, it was glaring that the Plaintiff had failed to
explain the sources of these funds and this evidence should thus be treated
with extreme caution.

The Plaintiff’s arguments

23 Counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr Jaikanth Shankar, submitted that Mr Tng’s and
Mr Chia’s arguments were premised on a fundamental misreading of the
Plaintiff’s financial statements. In Mr Shankar’s submission, the issue to be
decided in an application under s 388(1) of the Companies Act related to the
company’s liquidity and not profitability. In this regard, the Plaintiff has a
high degree of liquidity because:

(a) The vast majority of the Plaintiff’s liabilities on its balance sheet in
the 2017 Financial Statements related to the billings in advance. These were
only liabilities in the sense that they represented an obligation on the
Plaintiff’s part to perform a service in the future and were not debts. They
did not represent a future outflow of cash and could not be said to have any
effect on the Plaintiff’s liquidity.

(b) The second largest group of liabilities on the Plaintiff’s 2017 Financial
Statements were amounts owed to the Plaintiff’s immediate holding company,
STG. Officers of STG have given evidence in affidavits filed on 8 August 2018
for the purpose of these applications that STG will not recall these monies
within 12 months of that date.

(c) As at 30 June 2018, the Plaintiff had a sum of $1,696,951.85 in its bank
accounts. This sum far exceeded the amount of security sought by the
Defendants.

(d) The Defendants presented no evidence of a single creditor having made a
demand against the Plaintiff, let alone a claim against the Plaintiff for any
unpaid sums.

24 As for the loan agreements between STG and its shareholders in respect of
the Plaintiff’s litigation, these were not evidence of the Plaintiff’s
impecuniosity. Instead, this was evidence of prudent financial management on
the Plaintiff’s part as the Plaintiff could obtain additional funding through
the loan agreements without having to bear any cost since no interest was
payable on the borrowed amounts.

25 Finally, in respect of the 23rd Defendant’s application, Mr Shankar
submitted that as Mr Gronow’s expert opinion was not offered on behalf of the
23rd Defendant, it was not proper for the 23rd Defendant to rely on Mr
Gronow’s report as a response to Mr Dass’ expert opinion through the filing of
a Notice of Intention to Refer under O 32 r 13 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). As each party had a separate legal burden to make out the
ingredients of s 388(1), and as the 23rd Defendant neither found an expert to
rebut Mr Dass’ evidence nor said that Mr Dass’ evidence was to be disregarded,
the 23rd Defendant’s application was a non-starter.

The decision

26 Having carefully considered the evidence and arguments, I am not persuaded
that there is reason to believe that the Plaintiff would be unable to pay the
costs of the Defendants if ordered to do so. I explain the reasons for
arriving at this conclusion below.

27 As one of the Defendants’ main submissions was that the Plaintiff is
balance sheet and cash flow insolvent, it is useful to begin with an analysis
of this particular question. Mr Tng submitted that this was a “primary
consideration” for the Court in an application under s 388(1), and relied on
cases which set out the two tests for solvency in the context of bankruptcy
and insolvency law, being the cash flow test and the balance sheet test.

28 These two tests find their statutory embodiment in s 100(4) of the
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed). For the purpose of the analysis, it
suffices to note that this section provides that an individual shall be
insolvent if (a) he is unable to pay his debts as they fall due; or (b) the
value of his assets is less than the amount of his liabilities, taking into
account his contingent and prospective liabilities. In Parakou Shipping Pte
Ltd (in liquidation) v Liu Cheng Chan and others [2017] SGHC 15, Chua Lee Ming
J observed (at [64]) that the cash flow and balance sheet tests corresponded
to the first and second limb of s 100(4) of the Bankruptcy Act. It has been
held that the two tests are to be read disjunctively, and that therefore, no
matter how asset rich the company might be, it will still be held to be
insolvent under s 100(4) of the Bankruptcy Act if it can be proved that the
company was unable to pay its debts as they fell due (see Living the Link Pte
Ltd (in creditors’ voluntary liquidation) and others v Tan Lay Tin Tina and
others [2016] 3 SLR 621 (“Living the Link”) at [26] and [27]).

29 It is of note that the condition to be proved before security for costs
will be granted under s 388(1) of the Companies Act closely resembles the
language of the cash flow test found in s 100(4)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act
(which has also been referred to as the liquidity test: see Living the Link at
[27]). In both instances, the issue is whether the company in question is able
to pay its debts as they fall due. The difference lies in that the assessment
carried out for the purposes of s 388(1) of the Companies Act requires the
Court to consider the future state of the company (ie, the company’s potential
ability or inability to pay costs to the defendant if the defendant succeeds
in its defence (see also the comments of Clarke J cited at [14] above)), while
the assessment under s 100(4)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act relates to the
company’s current financial state at the time of the assessment. It is also of
note that the language of s 100(4)(b) of the Bankruptcy Act, viz, that the
value of the one’s assets is less than the amount of one’s liabilities, is not
the test stipulated by the legislature as far as s 388(1) of the Companies Act
is concerned. I therefore agree with Mr Shankar’s submission that the focus in
an application under s 388(1) relates to the company’s liquidity, and in
particular, its potential ability or inability to satisfy an adverse costs
order.

30 This is not to say that the balance sheet test is irrelevant in an
application under s 388(1). Balance sheet insolvency can certainly be an
indication of poor financial health, giving rise to a risk that the company
may not be able to satisfy an adverse cost order in the future. However, given
the language of s 388(1) of the Companies Act, the fact that a company might
be considered insolvent on a strict application of the balance sheet test does
not automatically lead to the conclusion that there is reason to believe that
the company will not be able to satisfy the defendant’s costs in the future.
In a similar vein, Belinda Ang J observed in Chip Thye Enterprises Pte Ltd (in
liquidation) v Phay Gi Mo and others [2004] 1 SLR(R) 434 (“Chip Thye
Enterprises”) at [19] that a “surplus or deficiency of net assets is
indicative but not necessarily determinative in establishing whether or not an
entity is able to pay all its debts as and when they become due and payable”.
Instead, regard must be given to all the evidence that appears relevant (Chip
Thye Enterprises at [20]).

31 With the above in mind, I turn to consider the Plaintiff’s financial
situation as disclosed from its financial statements and other evidence,
focussing in particular on an assessment of the Plaintiff’s liquidity. Insofar
as the Plaintiff’s financial statements are concerned, I focus primarily on
the 2017 Financial Statements as they are the most probative of the
Plaintiff’s current financial circumstances and the Plaintiff’s future ability
to satisfy an adverse cost order.

The Plaintiff’s assets and liabilities

32 As at 31 August 2017, the Plaintiff had liabilities on its balance sheet
amounting to $3,956,510. Of this sum, $70,859 was a loan from STG which was
classified as a non-current liability. The remaining $3,885,651 were current
liabilities and comprised the following:

Description| Amount ($)  
---|---  
Accrued operating expenses| 297,681  
Amount owing to STG (trade)| 684,913  
Amount owing to ultimate holding company (trade)| 13,364  
Amount owing to STG (non-trade)| 594  
Other payables| 54,647  
GST payable| 19,496  
Billings in advance| 2,814,956  
Total| 3,885,651  
  
33 Against these liabilities, the Plaintiff’s assets amounted to $2,602,272.
These comprised non-current assets valued at $1,118,896 and current assets of
$1,483,376 (which comprised $558,865 of trade and other receivables and
$924,511 of cash and cash equivalents).

34 It is true that prima facie, the Plaintiff is balance sheet insolvent in
the sense that the liabilities on its balance sheet exceed the amount of
assets it has to satisfy these liabilities. However, as highlighted above at
[29]-–[30], this state of affairs is not determinative of an application under
s 388(1). Both the nature of the Plaintiff’s assets and liabilities must be
examined in closer detail in order to understand their impact on the
Plaintiff’s liquidity. As highlighted by Judith Prakash J (as she then was) in
Kon Yin Tong and another v Leow Boon Cher and others [2011] SGHC 228 (“Kon Yin
Tong”), the Court should look at, amongst other things, (a) all of the
company’s debts in order to determine when those debts were due and payable;
and (b) all of the assets of the company in order to determine the extent to
which those assets were liquid or were realisable within a timeframe that
would allow each of the debts to be paid as and when it became payable, to
determine a company’s liquidity (at [37]). When the Plaintiff’s liabilities
are examined in closer detail, it will be seen that the majority of the
Plaintiff’s liabilities are not debts which are due and payable at some future
time. This is significant as insofar as the Plaintiff is not required to
satisfy these liabilities in cash, such liabilities – though present on the
balance sheet – would not directly affect the Plaintiff’s cash flow or
liquidity.

35 The largest item on the Plaintiff’s list of current liabilities, forming
72% of the Plaintiff’s current liabilities, is the item known as billings in
advance. As stated in Note 10 of the 2017 Financial Statements, the billings
in advance relate to subscription fees collected in advance from customers.
This revenue is recorded as a liability on the Plaintiff’s balance sheet as
the Plaintiff had not yet earned these sums at the time it received payment
(see [8(b)] above).

36 In his expert report, Mr Dass explained that the manner in which the
Plaintiff categorised this subscription revenue was in line with the
accounting standard set out in FRS 115. As explained in paragraph IN7 of FRS
115, the “core principle” of the standard is that “an entity recognises
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
an amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to be
entitled in exchange for those goods or services”. Under FRS 115, an entity is
to recognise revenue in accordance with this core principle by applying the
following steps:

(a) identity the contract(s) with a customer;

(b) identify the performance obligation in the contract;

(c) determine the transaction price;

(d) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the
contract; and

(e) recognise revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance
obligation.

37 The last step is explained further in paragraph IN7(e) of FRS 115 as
follows:

[A]n entity recognises revenue when (or as) it satisfies a performance
obligation by transferring a promised good or service to a customer (which is
when the customer obtains control of that good or service). The amount of
revenue recognised is the amount allocated to the satisfied performance
obligation. A performance obligation may be satisfied at a point in time
(typically for promises to transfer goods to a customer) or over time
(typically for promises to transfer services to a customer). For performance
obligations satisfied over time, an entity recognises revenue over time by
selecting an appropriate method for measuring the entity’s progress towards
complete satisfaction of that performance obligation.

[emphasis added]

38 In this case, the Plaintiff recognises the subscription revenue on a
straight-line basis over the period of the customer’s subscription (ie, a
period of 12 months). Thus, one-twelfth of the total fees which the Plaintiff
receives from a customer at the beginning of the customer’s 12-month
subscription would be progressively recognised as revenue – and
correspondingly deducted from the Plaintiff’s liabilities on its balance sheet
– every month until the end of that 12-month period.

39 It may be seen from the above that the categorisation of the billings in
advance as a liability on the balance sheet is the means of deferring
recognition of the subscription revenue until the appropriate time (see
Charles H Meyer, Accounting and Finance for Lawyers in a Nutshell (Thomson
Reuters, 5th Ed, 2013) at p 128). The billings in advance are not debts in the
sense that such sums will become due and payable at some time in the future.
Hence, the fact that the Plaintiff’s liabilities exceed its assets as a result
of the large sum of billings in advance categorised as current liabilities
does not necessarily mean that the Plaintiff is insolvent or illiquid in the
sense of having insufficient assets to pay its debts as they fall due.

40 The Defendant’s expert, Mr Gronow, accepted that the billings in advance
did not entail any cash payment to parties. However, he contended that the
billings in advance were still relevant to an assessment of the Plaintiff’s
liquidity because the Plaintiff has to incur monthly operating expenses to
fulfil its obligations to customers and must also continually reinvest in its
business to maintain and grow the business. According to Mr Gronow, such
operating expenses include advertisement expenses, professional fees, employee
benefits expense and rental expenses. Thus, in relation to the billings in
advance, Mr Gronow concluded:

Therefore, given the operating expenses that must be incurred on an ongoing
basis and the investments in product development expended each year, the
Billings in Advance cannot be removed from an analysis of the financial
position of [the Plaintiff] as these costs reflect the expenses that must be
continually expended to provide services to the customers that paid the
Billings in Advance.

41 Mr Shankar submitted that Mr Gronow’s opinion was erroneous for three
reasons. First, there was no need for the Plaintiff to reinvest in its
business in order to provide services to its existing customers. Like any
other company, the Plaintiff invests in the development of its business to
grow the business and create new income streams. However, this has no bearing
on the Plaintiff’s ability to deliver its existing services to customers. The
Plaintiff already has the technologies and assets that are required to deliver
its existing services without making further investment (see [8(c)] above).
Second, while the Plaintiff had to incur some operating expense to provide its
services to its customers, these expenses were a fraction of the revenue the
Plaintiff earned from its customers. In this regard, the Plaintiff’s
unchallenged evidence was that its operating model allowed it to provide its
services to existing customers at very minimal, or negligible, incremental
cost. Finally, the Plaintiff need not incur advertising expenses or
professional fees to fulfil its obligations to existing customers as these
were discretionary expenses to grow the business and were not incurred to
maintain its existing services.

42 Given the nature of the billings in advance as explained above, the issue
of whether the Plaintiff will have to spend a significant amount of cash in
order that the billings in advance may be subsequently recognised as revenue
over the relevant period is relevant to the question of whether the billings
in advance impact the Plaintiff’s liquidity.

43 I begin by considering the alleged expenditure on investment. In this
regard, there was no evidence that the Plaintiff had to incur significant
expenditure on its investments in order to earn the billings in advance. While
the Plaintiff did spend a significant amount of cash on investment activities
such as website development, the fact that this was classified as an
“investment” in the 2017 Financial Statements demonstrated that this was not
an operating expense that the Plaintiff had to incur in order to earn the
billings in advance, but rather monies spent to develop and grow the business.
In my assessment, the expenditure on investment did not affect the specific
issue of whether the billings in advance impacted the Plaintiff’s liquidity,
though it remains relevant to the issue of the Plaintiff’s cash flow
generally. I deal with this further at [53]–[55] below.

44 As for the operating expenses which Mr Gronow highlighted, it seemed to me
that much of these expenses related to the Plaintiff’s operations in general
and not to the billings in advance in particular. The evidence given on behalf
of the Plaintiff is that its operating model allows it to provide any services
that the customers have subscribed for at very minimal, or negligible,
incremental cost. Mr Barakat-Brown has explained that the reason that this is
the case is because all that the Plaintiff is required to do for the billings
in advance to be recognised as revenue is provide its customers the requisite
access to the Plaintiff’s existing software engine or platforms. This evidence
also supported by the financial literature which Mr Shankar referred to at the
hearing, where the general proposition was made that companies in the
technology, services and telecommunications business typically receive upfront
payments from customers and have low costs associated with providing those
incremental services over the revenue recognition period to customers (see,
for example, Ryan Lubniewski, et al, “Beware of disappearing revenue in an
acquisition” (April 2016) Journal of Accountancy at pp 28–31).

45 In his report, Mr Gronow did not grapple with the nature of either the
Plaintiff’s business as a technology company or its operating model. The basis
upon which he disagreed with the Plaintiff’s evidence that there was
negligible incremental cost involved in the provision of its existing
platforms to earn the billings in advance was the significant amount of
operating expenses which the Plaintiff incurred in 2017 as reflected in 2017
Financial Statements. However, it bears noting that the operating expenses as
reflected in the 2017 Financial Statements were past expenses that had already
been incurred in 2017, and even then, these – as Mr Gronow observed –
constituted only 64% of the Plaintiff’s revenue in that year. Moreover, while
the Plaintiff did incur a significant amount of expenditure in 2017, it does
not necessarily follow that the Plaintiff would have to incur the same
expenses in the future in order to earn the billings in advance which were
reflected on the balance sheet. It must be borne in mind that all the
Plaintiff had to do to ensure that the billings in advance would be recognised
as revenue over the relevant subscription period would be to provide the
customers who had paid the subscription fee access to its existing platforms,
and it is clear that the Plaintiff would not have to incur certain expenses,
such as advertising fees which is aimed at attracting new customers, to do so.
This being the case, there appears to be to be little basis to doubt the
Plaintiff’s evidence on affidavit that it will have to incur minimal or
negligible incremental cost in order to earn the billings in advance.

46 Taking the above in totality, I am of the opinion that the billings in
advance do not have as much of an impact on the Plaintiff’s liquidity as the
Defendants seek to portray. In particular, though the billings in advance
appear as a liability on the Plaintiff’s balance sheet, I am of the view that
these sums cannot be treated as akin to debt for the purposes of an assessment
of the Plaintiff’s liquidity.

47 The second largest category of liabilities on the Plaintiff’s balance sheet
are sums owed to STG. As may be seen at [32] above, these sums formed 100% of
the Plaintiff’s non-current liabilities and 18% of the Plaintiff’s current
liabilities in the 2017 Financial Statements. These were interest-free and
unsecured loans. In relation to the current liabilities which were repayable
on demand, Mr Baker Samuel Cranage, director and co-founder of STG, gave
evidence that STG would not recall those monies within the 12 months from 8
August 2018. The Plaintiff thus submitted that these amounts should not be
taken into account in considering whether there is reason to believe that the
Plaintiff will be unable to pay the Defendants’ costs. In response, the
Defendants argued that Mr Cranage’s evidence did not amount to a waiver of the
outstanding debt or a guarantee that STG would never call on the loan, and
that the only permissible adjustment would be to re-classify these current
liabilities as non-current liabilities.

48 While it is true that the debts owed by the Plaintiff to STG cannot be
written off by virtue of Mr Cranage’s evidence that STG would not recall the
sums within 12 months from 8 August 2018, this revealed that the debt owed by
the Plaintiff to STG was different in nature from a debt owed to an unrelated
and independent creditor. The fact that Mr Cranage was able to give such
evidence on behalf of STG and the Plaintiff demonstrated that STG was prepared
to assist the Plaintiff financially. It was evident that the relationship
between STG and the Plaintiff could not be characterised as one between a
creditor and debtor dealing at arms’ length. Apart from Mr Cranage’s evidence,
it is also significant that the loaned sums were interest-free. There was thus
no cost involved in borrowing these sums from STG and the Plaintiff could
arguably even be said to be placed in a better position by being able to
borrow these sums without having to pay interest on the same. In a related
vein, it is also relevant that the Plaintiff did not appear, as at 31 August
2017, to have obtained any financing from financial institutions. Indeed, the
Plaintiff did not appear to have many creditors apart from STG and its
ultimate holding company.

49 Having regard to the above, the mere fact that the 2017 Financial
Statements reflected the Plaintiff as being in a negative total asset and
negative current asset position as at 31 August 2017 did not necessarily mean
that the Plaintiff was in poor financial health in the sense of either being
unable to pay its debts as they fell due or being unable to satisfy a costs
order if one was made against it. The Plaintiff’s current assets amounted to
$1,483,376 as at 31 August 2017, and although the balance sheet reflected a
sum of $3,885,651 as current liabilities, 72% of these related to billings in
advance and a further 18% related to the amount owed by the Plaintiff to STG.
As the billings in advance were not in the nature of debts, and the Defendants
accepted that the amounts owed to STG could be reclassified as non-current
liabilities, the Plaintiff effectively had available an amount of current
assets of approximately $1.09m in value to satisfy any further debts that
would accrue in the 12 months after 31 August 2017 after taking into account
the remaining current liabilities which the Plaintiff had to satisfy in that
period. In fact, if a cost order been made against the Plaintiff on 31 August
2017, the Plaintiff would theoretically have more than $1m to satisfy that
costs order. In the premises, despite the Plaintiff’s negative total asset and
negative current asset position reflected in the 2017 Financial Statements,
there is little basis to suspect the Plaintiff as being at risk of being the
subject of a winding up petition as a result of an unsatisfied debt
obligation.

50 The above sets out the Plaintiff’s financial position as at 31 August 2017.
Is there any reason to believe that the Plaintiff’s financial position has
deteriorated in the intervening period? On the evidence before me, I find no
reason to believe that this would be the case. The Plaintiff has given
evidence that as at 30 June 2018, its cash and cash equivalents had increased
to $1.6m. Whilst it is true that the bank account statements reflect the
position only as at 30 June 2018 and there is no explanation from the
Plaintiff as to the sources of these sums, this is equally nothing to suggest
that the increase in the cash and cash equivalents has caused a decrease in
the Plaintiff’s liquidity. If anything, the evidence of the increase in the
Plaintiff’s cash and cash equivalents suggested that the Plaintiff’s liquidity
had improved since August 2017. Furthermore, and more importantly, there was
no evidence of the Plaintiff having failed to make payment on a debt that was
due and payable in the period after the 2017 Financial Statements were
prepared until the time of the hearing. Thus, based on the evidence before me,
the Plaintiff appeared to be in at least the same – if not better – financial
position in June 2018 as compared to its position on 31 August 2017.

The Plaintiff’s business and cash flow

51 I turn now to the Plaintiff’s cash flow position, which complements the
balance sheet analysis above by providing information about the Plaintiff’s
cash flow over the period from 1 September 2016 to 31 August 2017.

52 In this regard, it is pertinent to note that the Plaintiff generated cash
flows from its operating activities in the sum of $1,330,352 and $1,286,549 in
2016 and 2017, respectively. As pointed out by Mr Shankar during the hearing,
these cash flows from operating activities are derived after deducting any
operating expenses. This demonstrates that the Plaintiff has the ability to
generate substantial cash inflows from its operations, even after expenses are
accounted for.

53 It will be seen from the Plaintiff’s cash flow statements that over 2016
and 2017, it was the Plaintiff’s investments activities that generated an
outflow of cash, with an amount of $1,547,732 and $963,584 used for investing
activities in 2016 and 2017, respectively. The fact that a significant amount
of cash was used for investing activities in 2016 led to the Plaintiff having
a negative cash flow for that year, but in 2017 the Plaintiff achieved an
overall positive cash flow of $393,845. This was likely due to the fact that
the Plaintiff’s cash outflows from investment activities decreased from $1.5m
to $0.9m.

54 Mr Barakat-Brown has given evidence that the Plaintiff can reduce the
amount it invests to free up cash for other purposes (see [8(c)] above). In
response, the Defendants submit that there is no evidence to show that the
Plaintiff’s investment activities are discretionary apart from the Plaintiff’s
self-serving statements on affidavit to this effect. In particular, the
Plaintiff did not produce its annual budget, records of its monthly
expenditure, the contracts underlying its expenditure or correspondence
evidencing the nature of these investments. Neither did the Plaintiff identify
the type or nature of the investments it asserted that it could simply cease
making at any time, or explain how such investments could be reduced,
suspended or terminated at the Plaintiff’s discretion. Moreover, the Plaintiff
must continue to invest in growing its business or risk falling behind its
competitors. In this regard, Mr Gronow opined:

As noted, [the Plaintiff] continues to invest heavily in growing its business.
It follows that should [the Plaintiff] cut back its investing activities, it
may not be able to maintain its level of services of keep up with its
competitors. It may then need to spend more cash to catch up and/or face
reduced profitability and cashflow in the meantime. Therefore, it is likely
that there will be a negative impact should [the Plaintiff] stop or reduce its
investments to make cash available for other purposes.

[emphasis added]

55 In my view, there is little reason to doubt Mr Barakat-Brown’s evidence
that the Plaintiff’s investments were discretionary and that it could divert
cash used for investing to fund other purposes, such as the payment of legal
costs. In the first place, there was no evidence that the cash used for
investing activities was encumbered in the sense that the funds had been so
earmarked and could not be used for other purposes if the Plaintiff chose to
do so. Further, Mr Gronow’s opinion that the Plaintiff must continue investing
or risk falling behind its competitors was speculative. This is revealed in
the tentative language used by Mr Gronow to express his opinion on this issue.
In any event, even if it was indeed the case that such diversion of funds from
investment activities would negatively impact the Plaintiff’s finances and
future growth, it was not clear to me how this would have any relevance to the
issue of whether there is reason to believe that the Plaintiff would be unable
to pay the Defendants’ costs if ordered to do so. This is because such
deterioration, if any, would only occur after the diversion of funds from such
investment activities to the payment of legal costs had occurred, by which
time the costs orders in favour of the Defendants would already have been
satisfied. I thus accept the Plaintiff’s evidence that it would be able to
divert money it would otherwise use for investment – which were, historically
speaking, substantial sums – towards satisfying any costs orders made against
it.

56 In any case, the Plaintiff achieved a positive cash flow of $322,025 in
2017 even after cash outflows for investing activities were taken into
consideration, and a total overall positive cash flow of $393,845, after cash
flows from financing activities are accounted for. This is a matter that Mr
Gronow accepts. However, he states that “[i]t is not yet clear if this is a
sustainable position”.

57 In my view, the totality of the evidence points towards the sustainability
of the Plaintiff’s positive cash flow position as evidenced in the 2017
Financial Statements. First, the Plaintiff’s revenues have been steadily
increasing since 2014. Between 2014 and 2016, the Plaintiff’s revenue
increased slightly from $4,239,215 to $4,940,900. In 2017, there was a
significant increase in the figure, with the Plaintiff managing to bring in
revenue of $6,192,499. This trend may also be seen from the increase in the
amount of billings in advance, which has increased from the sum of $2,043,367
in 2014 to the sum of $2,814,956 in 2017. It will be recalled that billings in
advance represent the subscription revenue already received by the Plaintiff
for services that it has yet to render. In the ordinary course of its
business, the Plaintiff would recognise these sums as revenue in its accounts
in the next financial year. The increase in billings in advance from 2014 to
2017 correlates to the increase in revenue from 2014 to 2017, and indicates
that this trend of increasing revenue is likely to continue into 2018 as the
billings in advance in the 2017 Financial Statements would be recognised in
2018. Given the positive trend over these four years, indicating that the
Plaintiff’s business is acquiring more custom and sales as time progresses,
there is no credible basis on which to ground a belief that the Plaintiff’s
sales and revenue would be likely to deteriorate in the future. Second, the
increase in revenue has also been accompanied by an increase in the
Plaintiff’s profitability. The large losses suffered in 2014 and 2015 of $2.4m
and $1.8m, respectively, have been replaced by a profit of $630,860 in 2016
and a much smaller loss of $41,538 in 2017. In totality, the factors strongly
suggest to me that the Plaintiff’s business is gaining momentum.

58 At this juncture, it is important to differentiate the Plaintiff’s cash
flow from its profitability. As explained by John Flower and Gabi Ebbers in
Global Financial Reporting (Palgrave Macmillan, 2002) at p 478:

Debts are paid off with cash and not with profits. Hence, for the assessment
of solvency, the cash flow statement is more relevant than the income
statement. It complements the balance sheet, in that it provides information
about flows (essential for assessing the development over a period) whereas
the balance sheet presents the position at a point in time.

59 As Mr Dass has observed in his expert report, there is no necessary
relationship between a company’s profitability and liquidity. A profitable
company may have low levels of liquidity, for example, if it faces delays in
the collection of payment for sales. On the flip side, an unprofitable company
may have high levels of liquidity if it has cash at its disposal which it can
use to satisfy its debts. In an application under s 388(1), the more pertinent
issue is not whether a company is profitable, but whether it is able to
generate a positive cash flow from its operations and other activities such
that it will be able to satisfy a costs order if required to do so.

60 On this specific inquiry, the Plaintiff achieved a positive cash flow in
2017. This position is likely to be sustainable, given the signs that point
towards an improvement in the state of the Plaintiff’s business from 2014
until 2017. The Plaintiff has also given evidence that it can divert monies
that it uses for investment towards the payment of legal costs, if required.
All these militate against any reason to believe that the Plaintiff will be
unable to pay the Defendants’ costs if ordered to do so in the future.

Operation as a going concern

61 Overarching the above analysis is the assumption that the Plaintiff will
continue to operate as a going concern for the foreseeable future. The basis
of preparation of the 2017 Financial Statements on a going concern basis was
explained in its financial statements in Note 21 as follows:

21\. GOING CONCERN

The [Plaintiff] incurred a net loss of $41,538 during the year ended 31 August
2017 and, as of that date, the [Plaintiff’s] total liabilities exceeded its
total assets by $1,354,238, and its current liabilities exceeded its current
assets by $2,402,275. Notwithstanding these negative conditions, which might
otherwise give rise to material uncertainty as to the [Plaintiff’s] ability to
continue to operate as a going concern, the financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis as:

• The [Plaintiff] generated positive operating cash flow during the year ended
31 August 2017 of $1,286,549.

• Billings in advance of $2,814,956, which represent 72% of current
liabilities, are inherent to the nature of the [Plaintiff’s] business and the
[Plaintiff] is confident that it will be able to generate sufficient operating
net cash inflows to cover operating costs, and accordingly, perform and fulfil
its obligations such that the revenue billed in advance to its customers can
be earned within the next twelve months from the date of approval of the
financial statements.

• Amounts owning to the immediate holding company of $685,507, which represent
18% of current liabilities are not going to be recalled within the next twelve
months.

[emphasis added]

In preparing the 2017 Financial Statements, KPMG referred to Note 21 and
stated that its “opinion is not modified in respect of this matter” (see
[7(c)] above).

62 It important to understand the significance of phrases such as “material
uncertainty” and an “unmodified opinion” in the context of financial
statements. Paragraphs 25 and 26 of FRS 1 require a company’s management to
assess the company’s ability to continue operating as a going concern.
Paragraphs 25 and 26 of FRS 1 states:

When preparing financial statements, management shall make an assessment of an
entity’s ability to continue as a going concern. An entity shall prepare
financial statements on a going concern basis unless management either intends
to liquidate the entity or to cease trading, or has no realistic alternative
but to do so. When management is aware, in making its assessment, of material
uncertainties related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
upon the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern, the entity shall
disclose those uncertainties. …

In assessing whether the going concern assumption is appropriate, management
takes into account all available information about the future, which is at
least, but is not limited to, twelve months from the end of the reporting
period. The degree of consideration depends on the facts in each case. When an
entity has a history of profitable operations and ready access to financial
resources, the entity may reach a conclusion that the going concern basis of
accounting is appropriate without detailed analysis. In other cases,
management may need to consider a wider range of factors relating to current
and expected profitability, debt repayment schedules and potential sources of
replacement financing before it can satisfy itself that the going concern
basis is appropriate.

[emphasis added]

63 The Singapore Standard on Auditing (“SSA”) 570, in turn, states that an
auditor’s responsibilities are to conclude on the appropriateness of the
management’s use of the going concern basis in preparing the financial
statements. Under SSA 570, if the auditors conclude that the use of the going
concern basis of accounting is appropriate but a “material uncertainty”
exists, it shall draw attention to the note in the financial statements that
discloses such matters but state that the auditor’s opinion is not modified in
respect of this matter. It is not disputed that the import of KPMG’s opinion
was that the going concern basis was appropriate for the preparation of the
2017 Financial Statements, and the 2017 Financial Statements adequately
disclosed the material uncertainty in question. In other words, despite the
existence of “negative conditions”, the auditors agreed with the Plaintiff’s
management that the Plaintiff was not in a situation where it had no realistic
alternative but to cease trading. Indeed, as can be seen from the analysis
above, I am of the view that this is far from the case.

64 Further, the fact that a “material uncertainty” is identified in a
company’s financial statements does not necessarily mean that it has been
conclusively demonstrated that there is reason to believe that the company
would be unable to pay the defendant’s costs. Regard must be had to the
surrounding evidence and the nature of the “material uncertainty” disclosed.
In IBB, a similar “emphasis of matter” paragraph had been included by the
independent auditor in the company’s financial reports. In that case, the
“material uncertainty” concerned the significant losses of €18.4m incurred
during the financial year in question as well as accumulated losses of €73.5m
since the commencement of the company’s trade. However, the balance sheet
showed a positive asset position as at the end of the financial year as a
result of the directors securing funding from investors in the form of share
capital. The management’s assessment of the company’s ability to continue as a
going concern referred to the litigation commenced by the company in the
following note to the company’s financial statements:

The company and certain of its subsidiary entities have made a substantial
claim for damages against a major supplier of technology, equipment and
ancillary services. The claim for damages relates to material technical
failures and under-performance on contractual arrangements. The claim is being
heard in the Commercial court. The outcome of the case is likely to have a
significant impact on the long term future of the company and group and on its
ability to discharge its liabilities. While the directors are confident of a
settlement in their favour, there is an inevitable uncertainty with respect to
the same.

65 The Supreme Court of Ireland held that due to a reference in the above
quoted note to a possible inability to discharge its liabilities, the note
would have been sufficient for a court to conclude that there was reason to
believe that the company would be unable to pay costs, if there was nothing
else by way of weighty evidence in the case (at [6.2]). However, there was
significant other evidence, including in particular, the substantial value of
a broadband spectrum owned by the company. In affirming the trial judge’s
decision to dismiss the application for security for costs, Clarke J also
observed (at [5.14]):

I should, of course, add that there are sound reasons why accounts are
required to be prepared in the way that relevant standards require. However,
it is important that courts, and indeed experts giving evidence to courts,
keep in mind that the question that the court may have to address is not,
necessarily, the same as the question that the accounts are designed to
answer.

66 In my view, this analysis succinctly captures the point in relation to the
passage on the “material uncertainty” found in 2017 Financial Statements.
While the “material uncertainty” that has been identified cannot be ignored,
the Court must nonetheless have regard to all the surrounding and relevant
circumstances in order decide if the “material uncertainty” affects the
decision on the specific legal issue before it.

67 In my assessment, the “material uncertainty” identified in the 2017
Financial Statements, being the net loss incurred in 2017 and the Plaintiff’s
negative total and current assets position, do not show that there is reason
to believe that the Plaintiff will be unable to pay the Defendants’ costs at
the conclusion of the action. This is due, amongst other things, to the
character of the Plaintiff’s liabilities as reflected on its balance sheet and
the evidence of the Plaintiff’s liquidity as seen from its cash flow statement
in 2017. This is in line with Note 21, which explains that notwithstanding the
apparently “negative conditions”, the Plaintiff could still operate as a going
concern as (a) the Plaintiff had a positive operating cash flow; (b) the
billings in advance are inherent to the nature of the Plaintiff’s business and
the Plaintiff is confident it would be able to earn these sums; and (c) the
amount owed to STG would not be recalled within the next 12 months from the
date of the financial statements. Moreover, the fact that the Plaintiff
continues to operate on a going concern basis despite a “material uncertainty”
having been raised in its financial statements in 2016 and 2017 demonstrate
that notwithstanding any “material uncertainty” that existed for the purpose
of the preparation of the financial statements, such “negative conditions” are
not, in actuality, real risks to the Plaintiff’s ability to run and operate is
business.

Financing facilities available to the Plaintiff

68 The final aspect to consider is the financing facilities available to the
Plaintiff. As Prakash J noted in Kon Yin Tong at [37], a relevant factor to
consider in a liquidity analysis is the “arrangements between the company and
prospective lenders, such as its bankers and shareholders, in order to
determine whether any shortfall in liquid and realisable assets and cash flow
could be made up by borrowings which would be repayable at a time later than
the debts”. In this connection, the Plaintiff has claimed that it has access
to additional funds in the form of loan agreements between STG and its
shareholders, which it can draw on to pay the Defendants’ costs. As explained
above, these loan agreements were entered into between STG and each of its
three shareholders pursuant to which STG’s shareholders agreed to provide loan
facilities to STG to fund the legal costs incurred by the Plaintiff in
connection with this action. These loan agreements were entered into on 11
January 2017 for a term of two years and could be extended by STG and its
shareholders for an additional year (ie, until 11 January 2020), which Mr
Barakat-Brown had indicated on affidavit that STG and its shareholders were
prepared to do. Under the loan agreements, STG is entitled to borrow up to
$420,000 and a sum of $100,033.95 was drawn down on between July and August
2017.

69 The Defendants submit that the Plaintiff’s reliance on the loan agreements
is misplaced. In the main, the Defendants submit that the very fact that such
loan facilities were entered into and drawn down on is evidence that the
Plaintiff does not have sufficient funding to meet its costs in the action. In
making this submission, Mr Tng and Mr Chia referred to and relied heavily on
the following passage in Frantonios, where Chan Seng Onn J observed (at [33]):

… If there was a need to rely on third-party benefactors to pay the …
operational expenses and debts and to meet the potential legal costs of the
defendant in the event of an unsuccessful claim by the first plaintiff, that
would indicate that the first plaintiff did not itself have the financial
resources to pay the costs of [the] defendant, and accordingly the condition
in s 388 would be satisfied.

70 Mr Tng also relied on Elbow Holdings where Choo Han Teck J relied on the
above passage in Frantonios for the proposition that if the company in
question “needs to rely on third parties to keep it in business” this “is an
indication that it may not have the financial means” to pay the defendant’s
costs if the defendant succeeds in its defence (at [9(c)]).

71 In my view, the passage in Frantonios quoted at [69] above does not stand
for the general proposition that if a company has available sources of
financing from third parties, this would in and of itself satisfy the
condition set out in s 388(1) of the Companies Act. Indeed, as Chan J
recognised in Frantonios (at [34]), the financing and credit facilities
available to a company are relevant considerations in an application under s
388(1). Thus, in order to ascertain if the financing from third parties reveal
an inability on the company’s part to pay its debts or legal costs, the other
evidence about the company’s financial health and the reasons for the
provision of third-party funding must be considered in totality.

72 In this regard, it is relevant that the company in Frantonios was in dire
financial straits. These difficulties were summarised by AR Eunice Chua in
Diamond Exchange of Singapore v Singapore Diamond Exchange Pte Ltd [2013]
SGHCR 10 at [21] as follows:

The company in question in [Frantonios] was one that had ceased to carry on
business and had no sources of income. It had staved off liquidation and
bankruptcy proceedings by paying its debts through instalments and progress
payments with money from two interested parties who had no intention of
allowing the company to become insolvent. The company had also argued that it
still had tremendous goodwill despite its cash flow problems. The High Court’s
observations … had to be considered in that context.

73 Indeed, the company in Frantonios had been giving excuses and delaying
payment, even for relatively small sums of money. In addition, there were
numerous claims against the company with potential liability running up to
more than $1m, and the company did not have any property in its name. It was a
shell company that was “laden with debts and facing claims of significant
amounts”. In such a situation, it was no wonder that the condition in s 388(1)
was found to have been satisfied since the company, having ceased operations,
would be unable to pay its current debts without third-party assistance, much
less provide the requisite confidence that it would be able to satisfy any
prospective costs orders made against it. Moreover, such third-party
assistance came not from enforceable bank loans but appeared to be “non-
legally binding offers or avenues of financial assistance … from interested
parties” (Frantonios at [34]).

74 In a similar vein, the company in Elbow Holdings was found to be struggling
financially. It was found to be able to continue to remain in business only
because of continuing financial support from its shareholders. In fact, the
company’s own officers had admitted that its financial situation was dire and
that the viability of its only business – the operation of a bar and bistro –
was at risk (Elbow Holdings at [9(b)]). There also appeared to be evidence
that the company had failed to pay the arrears due from its lease of certain
property (Elbow Holdings at [7]).

75 The companies in Frantonios and Elbow Holdings were thus in a vastly
different positions from that of the Plaintiff which operates as a going
concern, has an increasing stream of revenue and has, as analysed above, a
strong cash position and more than sufficient assets to satisfy its current
debts. Critically, there is no evidence that the Plaintiff has been unable to
or has failed to pay any debts that have fallen due, or even that it has
previously delayed in making such payment. This is in stark contrast not only
to the facts of Frantonios and Elbow Holdings, but also to the facts in other
cases where security for costs has been ordered (see, for example, the cases
cited at [16(d)] above).

76 Neither is there any evidence to suggest that the Plaintiff has to rely on
the loans from STG’s shareholders to meet its operational expenses and debts
and to continue as a going concern. There is nothing in the Plaintiff’s
financial statements that suggest that this is the case. In addition, the
Plaintiff’s evidence is that it does not need the monies, as Mr Barakat-Brown
explains in his affidavit:

Neither STG nor [the Plaintiff] needed the monies at the time of the
drawdowns. STG’s shareholders extended the loans because they wanted to
demonstrate their commitment to seeing the litigation through by committing
some of their own funds to the payment of [the Plaintiff’s] legal costs. Now
that STG’s shareholders have demonstrated their commitment, STG does not
intend to make any further drawdowns on the [loan agreements] for the
foreseeable future. In any event, STG’s shareholders remain fully capable of
fulfilling their obligations under the [loan agreements]. In other words, far
from indicating an inability to pay the [Defendants’] costs, these loan
agreements show that [the Plaintiff] has access to additional funds which it
can draw on at any time to pay the [Defendants’] costs, if necessary.

77 The Defendants submit that the fact that the loan was entered into and
drawn down on is indicative of the Plaintiff’s inability to pay costs. There
would otherwise be no other reason why STG’s shareholders would have incurred
the opportunity cost in disbursing these loans, quantified at the minimum by
the interest that could have been earned on those sums, especially since the
loan agreements already impose binding obligations on them to advance the
monies to STG in accordance with the terms of the agreements. Hence, the
reason given by the Plaintiff to explain the drawdown on the loan is absurd
and it is far more likely that the reason for the disbursement of the loans
was because the Plaintiff needed these monies to make payment of its legal
costs in the suit.

78 In my view, a variety of different reasons exist for why a company may seek
to obtain financial assistance from third parties, and why third parties may
agree to extend loans to companies. In the present case, it is easy to see why
the Plaintiff may accept the monies from STG’s shareholders under the loan
agreements, since there is no cost or risk to the Plaintiff in receiving the
benefit of the loan – which is interest-free – from STG’s shareholders. As Mr
Shankar submitted, the entry into the loan agreement was a “fantastic deal”
for the Plaintiff and showed “prudent financial management” on its part. As
for STG’s shareholders, in the absence of other evidence that demonstrates
that the Plaintiff is unable to continue as a going concern or pay its legal
debts without relying on the support of STG’s shareholders, I see no reason to
doubt the evidence that has been given on affidavit concerning their
motivation for entering into the loan agreements and disbursing sums
thereunder.

79 Apart from the above, the Defendants submit that it is unsafe to rely on
the loan agreements because the Plaintiff is not a party to the agreements,
which may be terminated by STG or its shareholders upon the giving of 30 days’
notice. When the loan agreements are terminated, the loan would be repayable
out of the Plaintiff’s funds, thus reducing the pool of funds available to the
Plaintiff to make payment of the Defendants’ costs. Further, the agreements
are due to expire on 10 January 2019 and there has been no indication from
STG’s shareholders as to whether they are agreeable to an extension of the
loan agreements.

80 In my assessment, the points raised by the Defendants do not detract from
the fact that the funds under the loan agreements are an additional financial
resource which the Plaintiff can tap on. To the extent that the loan is
disbursed, this would place more monies in the hands of the Plaintiff which it
can use to satisfy any adverse costs order. As I have explained above, there
is no detriment to the Plaintiff if it does so since no interest is payable on
the borrowed sums. To the extent that the loan is disbursed and thereafter
repaid, this would not reduce the pool of funds available to the Plaintiff to
make payment of the Defendants’ costs, since, to begin with, the Plaintiff
would not have the benefit of such sums without the loan agreements. While it
remains to be seen if the loan agreements will be extended, the evidence given
by Mr Barakat-Brown on affidavit is that STG and STG’s shareholders are
prepared to do so. For the purposes of the present interlocutory application,
I accept that this amounts to sufficient evidence of STG’s and its
shareholders’ willingness to extend the loan facilities for a further year.
There is thus at least a distinct possibility that the Plaintiff may be able
to draw on an additional sum of $319,966.05 until 11 January 2020.

Summary and conclusion on stage one

81 In summary, the evidence suggests that the Plaintiff is a company with
healthy levels of liquidity and which has the ability to pay its debts as they
fall due:

(a) Although the 2017 Financial Statements reflect the Plaintiff as being in a
negative total and current assets position, I am not satisfied that this
reveals an inability to pay its debts as they fall due. When the nature of the
billings in advance as deferred revenue is accounted for in the analysis and
the amount owed to STG is re-classified as a non-current liability, it appears
that the Plaintiff had, as at 31 August 2017, more than $1m in current assets
to satisfy any further debts that would fall due within the next 12 months
from that date.

(b) The Plaintiff generated a positive operating cash flow of $1.33m in 2016
and $1.28m in 2017, and a positive overall cash flow of $393,845 in 2017. The
evidence also suggests that the Plaintiff can divert funds it uses for
investment – which amounted to more than $1.5m in 2016 and close to $1m in
2017 – to pay legal costs, if necessary.

(c) As at June 2018, the Plaintiff had a sum of more than $1.6m in its bank
accounts. This suggests that the Plaintiff’s cash position had improved since
31 August 2017.

(d) There was no evidence that the Plaintiff had failed to pay any creditors
or had delayed in making payment of debts that were due and payable, whether
prior to or after the date of the 2017 Financial Statements.

(e) In addition to the above, the exists the additionally possibility of
obtaining further funds from STG’s shareholders, who have evinced a
willingness to provide the Plaintiff – through STG – an interest-free loan of
$420,000 until January 2020 (of which a sum of $100,033.95 had already been
disbursed in July and August 2017).

82 Based on the above analysis, I am of the view that while the Plaintiff may
not be a commercial powerhouse with multimillion dollars in assets, it is
nevertheless a company that has at its disposal substantial financial
resources to satisfy any adverse costs orders made against it. The onus lies
on the Defendants to show that there is reason to believe that the Plaintiff
would not be able to pay their costs if they are successful in their defence
at the end of the trial, and in this connection, I find that the Defendants
have not adduced credible evidence to demonstrate that, given these financial
resources at the Plaintiff’s disposal, that there is reason to believe that it
would be unable to do so.

Conclusion

83 Weighing the various strands of the above analysis, I therefore find on the
current evidence before me that the Defendants have not discharged their
burden of showing that there is reason to believe that the Plaintiff will be
unable to pay the Defendants’ costs if ordered to do so. Given my decision on
the first stage, there is no need for me to proceed to consider either the
Plaintiff’s argument that the 23rd Defendant had not made out the ingredients
of s 388(1) as no expert report was filed on its behalf or the second stage of
the application under s 388(1) of the Companies Act.

84 In conclusion, the applications are dismissed. This is without prejudice to
the filing of any future application for security for costs on the basis of
any new and relevant further evidence that may go towards demonstrating that
the Plaintiff would be unable to pay the Defendants’ cost if the Defendants
are successful in their defence.

85 I will hear the parties on costs.

Zeslene Mao  
Assistant Registrar

Jaikanth Shankar, Tan Ruo Yu and Deborah Loh (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Tng Sheng Rong and Chan Min Hui (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the 1st to
22nd defendant;  
Chia Huai Yuan (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the 23rd defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

