Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 79

Criminal Case No 35 of 2018

Between

Public Prosecutor

And

| Sinniah a/l Sundram Pillai  
---|---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Sinniah a/l Sundram Pillai

[2019] SGHC 79

High Court — Criminal Case No 35 of 2018  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
28, 29 August 2018; 4 January 2019; 29 January 2019

20 March 2019

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 The accused, Sinniah a/l Sundram Pillai, claimed trial to a charge of
importing into Singapore not less than 18.85g of diamorphine (the “charge”),
an offence under s 7 and punishable under s 33(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (the “MDA”).

2 At the conclusion of the trial, I found that the charge against the accused
had been proved beyond a reasonable doubt, and convicted him accordingly. The
accused’s role was limited to the transportation of the drugs and a
certificate of substantive assistance was granted. As such, I exercised my
discretion under s 33B of the MDA to impose the alternative sentence of life
imprisonment and the mandatory minimum of 15 strokes of the cane on the
accused.

3 The accused has now filed an appeal against sentence. For the sake of
completeness, I now provide the full reasons for my decision regarding both
his conviction and sentence.

The Prosecution’s case

4 The material facts were largely uncontested. They are contained in an Agreed
Statement of Facts, furnished by the Prosecution pursuant to s 267(1) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (the “CPC”) and admitted into
evidence.

The undisputed facts

The accused’s arrest and seizure of the drugs

5 The accused is a 47-year-old Malaysian national. At the material time, he
was a driver of an unladen trailer bearing registration number JLR 5059 (the
“Trailer”), and his job at Yinson Transport Shd Bhn (“Yinson Transport”) was
to transport goods, such as cement and steel pipes, from Malaysia to
Singapore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

AB at p 142; NEs (29 August 2018) at p 3 ln 14–23; Agreed Statement of Facts
(“ASOF”) at para 2.

6 On 25 March 2016, the accused drove the Trailer from Malaysia to Singapore
via the Woodlands Checkpoint. At about 4.35pm, Checkpoint Inspector Leong Mun
Wai (“CI Leong”) and Sergeant Noor Helmi Bin Ali (“Sgt Helmi”) directed the
Trailer to a Cargo Clearance Centre checking bay for a routine check. The
accused’s belongings were checked in his presence at a table next to the
checking bay. During the checks, Sgt Helmi found a screwdriver (the
“screwdriver”) and a red pencil case containing one syringe needle and one
empty straw in the accused’s bag. When questioned by Sgt Helmi about the
items, the accused stated that he did not know what they were for. An ion swab
that was conducted on the accused’s hands, wallet and pencil case showed
positive results for methamphetamine. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ASOF at para 2.

7 CI Leong and Sgt Helmi then proceeded to check the cabin of the Trailer. CI
Leong noticed something inside the dashboard compartment (the “dashboard
compartment”) through the air conditioning vents. Upon unfastening the
dashboard panel near the steering wheel (the “dashboard panel”) by unscrewing
two screws using the screwdriver, the dashboard compartment within was
revealed. CI Leong found a red plastic bag and a potato chip container inside
the dashboard compartment. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ASOF at para 3.

8 The red plastic bag was found to contain a bundle wrapped with black tape
(later marked as A1A) (the “bundle of drugs”). The items found were seized.
When opened, the bundle of drugs was found to contain a brownish substance.
This formed the subject matter of the charge. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ASOF at para 4–5.

9 Within the potato chip container, three packets of crystalline substance
(the “three packets”) were found, along with other drug paraphernalia. The
accused was placed under arrest. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ASOF at para 3–4.

10 Upon questioning by Staff Sergeant Muhammad Saifuddin Rowther Bin Mohidin
Pitchai, the accused admitted to ownership and knowledge of the drug exhibits
seized. He stated that the black bundle was meant to be delivered to one
“Abang” at Tuas, while the contents of the potato chip container were for the
purposes of his own consumption of diamorphine and methamphetamine. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ASOF at para 7.

11 There was no dispute as to the integrity and proper custody of all the
exhibits at the material times, and I shall not go into the details here.

Drug analysis

12 The seized exhibits were sent to the Health Sciences Authority for
analysis. The bundle of drugs was found to be one packet containing not less
than 455.0g of granular/powdery substance which was analysed and found to
contain not less than 18.85g of diamorphine. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ASOF at para 16.

13 The three packets were found to contain not less than 0.89g of crystalline
substance which was analysed and found to contain not less than 0.59g of
methamphetamine. Some of the drug paraphernalia were also found to be stained
with methamphetamine and/or diamorphine. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ASOF at para 16.

The agreement with Mogan and modus operandi

14 Sometime in January 2016, the accused had entered into an agreement with
one “Mogan” to deliver marunthu, which was the street name for diamorphine,
from Malaysia to Singapore. The accused was aware that the packets of marunthu
contained diamorphine as he himself was a consumer of marunthu. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ASOF at para 20.

15 Pursuant to this agreement, the accused would inform an unknown Chinese man
(the “Chinese man”) when his company assigned him a job which involved him
driving the Trailer into Singapore. Thereafter, arrangements would be made for
the accused to collect a bundle of marunthu from the Chinese man. The accused
would bring the bundle of marunthu into Singapore concealed inside the
dashboard compartment on the advice of Mogan. On top of his legitimate job,
the accused would deliver the bundle of marunthu to one “Abang”, a Malay man
in Singapore, and in turn collect a fee of $3,400 from Abang. Thereafter, the
accused would return to Malaysia and pass the money collected from Abang to
the Chinese man, who would give him RM500 as remuneration for the delivery. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ASOF at para 20.

16 This was the modus operandi for the deliveries, including three occasions
where the accused delivered marunthu into Singapore prior to 25 March 2016. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ASOF at para 20.

The events on 25 March 2016

17 On 25 March 2016, the accused had a job to collect items from a company in
Tuas. The accused notified the Chinese man, and pursuant to the agreement that
the accused had with Mogan, he collected the red plastic bag containing the
bundle of drugs from the Chinese man at about 3.40pm outside his company’s
office. After this, the accused used the screwdriver to remove the dashboard
panel. He placed the red plastic bag, containing the bundle of drugs, and the
potato chip container, containing his drug paraphernalia and his
methamphetamine, into the dashboard compartment to conceal them. He then drove
into Singapore both to perform his company-assigned job of collecting items
from Tuas and to deliver the packet of marunthu to Abang in Singapore. As per
the previous deliveries, the accused was to collect a sum of $3,400 from Abang
and thereafter pass the sum to the Chinese man, after which the accused would
receive his remuneration of RM500. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ASOF at para 21.

18 After entering the Causeway at about 4.00pm, the accused gave a call to
Abang and arranged to meet him at 30 Tuas Avenue South 8 at about 5.00pm to
pass him the bundle of marunthu. The accused then proceeded to enter Woodlands
Checkpoint at about 4.35pm, where he was stopped, searched and arrested. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ASOF at para 22.

19 The accused was not authorised under the MDA or the Regulations made
thereunder to import diamorphine and methamphetamine into Singapore. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ASOF at para 23.

The accused’s statements

20 The Prosecution relied on nine statements provided by the accused, which
were admitted without objection from the accused. I now summarise the
pertinent points.

21 The agreement with Mogan was described in further detail in the accused’s
statements:

(a) The accused knew Mogan as he was the accused’s ex-colleague from Yinson
Transport. The accused did not know Mogan’s full name, or if his real name was
Mogan. During the time Mogan was employed at Yinson Transport, he and the
accused did not have any interaction. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AB at p 145.

(b) Sometime in January 2016, Mogan approached the accused to ask him to bring
marunthu into Singapore in exchange for RM500 per bundle of marunthu
transported. The accused told Mogan that he was scared that he would get in
trouble with the Singapore police should he be caught. Mogan replied that
there was nothing to worry about, unless the accused brought in large amounts
of marunthu into Singapore. The accused told Mogan that he would “consider his
offer”, and asked for Mogan’s phone number. Mogan refused to give the accused
his number and asked for the accused’s number instead, which the accused gave.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AB at p 145–146.

(c) When the accused returned home that day, he thought about Mogan’s offer.
The accused was in “deep financial troubles” then, and needed the money for a
variety of purposes including the funding of his own consumption of ‘ice’ and
marunthu which cost him RM500 per month. The accused “felt that getting the
RM500 for [Mogan’s job] would ease [his] financial problems”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AB at p 147.

(d) The next day, Mogan called the accused and asked about the offer. The
accused agreed to Mogan’s offer. At the same time, Mogan informed him that
there was a job to deliver marunthu into Singapore the following day. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AB at p 147.

22 For the three previous occasions between January to March 2016 when the
accused brought marunthu into Singapore for Mogan, the accused confirmed that
each time, he collected one bundle of marunthu from the Chinese man, delivered
the bundle to Abang, collected $3,400 from Abang and was paid RM500 by the
Chinese man. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AB at p 151.

On the first occasion, the marunthu which the accused received was in a
transparent packet. On the second and third occasions, the marunthu which the
accused received was wrapped in black tape, much like the bundle of drugs the
accused was found with on 25 March 2016. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB at p 149, 151.

23 As for the events on 25 March 2016, after the accused received the red
plastic bag that contained the bundle of drugs from the Chinese man, he
brought it back to the Trailer with him. There, he opened the red plastic bag,
and removed the bundle of drugs as he wanted to check it. The accused saw that
it was wrapped in black tape. He then placed the bundle of drugs back into the
red plastic bag, before later concealing the red plastic bag containing the
bundle of drugs inside the dashboard compartment. The accused drove across
Woodlands Checkpoint and was arrested shortly after. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AB at p 153.

24 Lastly, while the accused was a marunthu consumer himself, he stated that
he never bought marunthu for his own consumption from the Chinese man. The
accused consumed marunthu by the straw, but the Chinese man “only [sold
marunthu] in large amounts and not in straws”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AB at p 158–159.

Close of the Prosecution’s case

25 At the close of the Prosecution’s case, I found that a prima facie case had
been made out against the accused and called upon him to give his defence.

The defence

26 The accused was the only witness for the Defence. At the trial, the accused
did not deny importing a bundle of drugs into Singapore, having physical
possession of the bundle or knowing the nature of the drugs. His defence,
raised for the first time at trial, was that he thought the bundle he was
bringing into Singapore was only “half a stone” of diamorphine, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at para 11.

which was an amount which would not trigger the death penalty if imported (a
“non-capital amount”, contrasted with a “capital amount” which triggers the
death penalty if imported).

27 The accused’s evidence at trial was largely consistent with his statements,
save for the assertion that an additional element of the agreement was that
the deliveries were always to be for “half a stone” of marunthu. It is
necessary to set out in some detail the accused’s oral evidence outlining his
defence:

(a) The accused testified that Mogan had in fact made the job offer to the
accused twice. The first occasion was when both the accused and Mogan were
still co-workers in Yinson Transport. Then, Mogan reassured the accused by
saying “Only if you bring a large amount, you’ll get into trouble. If you
bring half a stone, you will get less than 10 years”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 4, ln 29–30.

On the second occasion, Mogan again reassured the accused by saying, “You
don’t have to bring a lot. You can just bring one bundle and it will be half a
stone and I will give you [RM]500”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 5, ln 1–9.

On both occasions, the accused did not agree immediately as he wanted to
consider the offer first. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 5, ln 4–5 and ln 13–17.

(b) The accused eventually agreed to Mogan’s proposal because, in addition to
the money he would get, it involved “half a bundle” 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 5, ln 31 and p 6, ln 6.

or “half a stone”, which would result in “only ... less than 10 years’
imprisonment”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 5, ln 29–32.

The accused clarified that by “half a bundle”, he meant “half a stone”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 6 ln 17–20.

(c) The accused said that he was told that one bundle of drugs was “half a
stone”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 6, ln 20.

According to the accused’s understanding, a “full stone” of drugs would have
come in two bundles. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 8, ln 18.

(d) On the first occasion that the accused delivered marunthu for Mogan, he
had simply looked at the packet of marunthu packed in a transparent packet,
and knew it was “half a stone”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 9, ln 9.

On the second and third occasions, though the bundles were covered in black
tape, the accused’s impression was that they were “half a stone” each. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 9, ln 16.

If the Chinese man had handed over more than half a stone of marunthu, the
accused alleged that he “would not have brought it into Singapore”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 9, ln 19–20.

(e) When referred to a photograph of the bundle of drugs (P25), the accused
stated that this was “one bundle[,] and one bundle refers to half a stone”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 8, ln 11.

The accused only found out that the bundle of drugs instead contained “a full
stone” when he came to prison and the drugs were weighed by the officers of
the Central Narcotics Bureau (the “CNB”) . 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 9, ln 28–29.

When he found this out, he realised he had been “cheated” by Mogan. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 10, ln 1–3.

28 Under cross-examination, the accused made the following admissions:

(a) The accused hesitated before accepting Mogan’s offer because he was
worried about facing the death penalty. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 14 ln 32 to p 15, ln 3.

The accused’s understanding was that if he imported “one stone” of marunthu,
the penalty was death, but if he imported “half a stone” of marunthu, the
penalty would be 10 years’ imprisonment. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 14, ln 7 and 10.

(b) The accused did not know the weight of “one stone” or “half a stone”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 13, ln 26 and 30–31.

The accused agreed that he did not bother to find out what the weight of “one
stone” or “half a stone” was. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 14, ln 3; p 15, ln 23.

(c) Even though the accused knew that there would be a death penalty for the
importation of 15g of marunthu in Malaysia, he did not know nor bother to find
out if the bundle of drugs weighed more than 15g, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 15, ln 26–31.

even in terms of the gross weight of the bundle of drugs. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 26, ln 18.

The accused did not know how much 15g weighed. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 26, ln 9.

The accused did not know what was a non-capital amount of marunthu in
Singapore, and did not check. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 19, ln 28; p 20, ln 1.

(d) On all the occasions where the accused delivered bundles of marunthu, he
never weighed them, and said he was “not concerned” about their weight. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 18, ln 30 to p 19, ln 6.

The accused’s impression that these previous bundles of marunthu were “half a
stone” was based on a belief in what Mogan told him – that “one bundle is
equivalent to half a stone”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 19, ln 9–10.

(e) The accused knew that the $3,400 passed to him by Abang was “big money
[sic]”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 17, ln 31.

The accused was also aware that this sum was payment for each bundle of
marunthu. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 18, ln 2.

(f) The accused never told anyone else that he thought he was only importing
“half a stone”: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 20, ln 15 and 18.

he did not tell the arresting officers, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 21, ln 21

the CNB officers who weighed the bundle of drugs in his absence, or the
officers who recorded his statements. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 22, ln 11 and 21.

In the accused’s statement recorded under s 23 of the CPC, by Station
Inspector Shafiq Basheer (“SI Shafiq”) on 26 March 2016 at 4.37am 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AB at p 135.

(“the s 23 statement”), which related to the charge, it was explained to the
accused that he was liable upon conviction to a sentence of death. The accused
also did not tell SI Shafiq that he thought he had imported only “half a
stone”, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 22, ln 7 and 11.

or that there was any agreement to import only “half a stone”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 22, ln 21.

29 The accused also elaborated on his relationship with Mogan under cross-
examination and re-examination. I outline the salient points below:

(a) The accused testified at various points that while he had said in his
statements that he and Mogan were not close, they were in fact close, based on
their consuming marunthu together, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 23, ln 30–31.

eating together, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 31, ln 7–8.

and general interaction. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 31, ln 16.

(b) However, under cross--examination, the accused admitted that he did not
know Mogan’s place of residence, his motorcycle registration number, or
anything about his family. The accused agreed that he did not have a close
relationship with Mogan, that he does not know anything about Mogan and his
only dealings with Mogan were in relation to drugs. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 24, ln 23.

The accused also accepted that he had no reasonable basis for believing
Mogan’s alleged assurance that only “half a stone” was involved. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 25, ln 11.

30 Lastly, the accused sought to explain that he never mentioned his defence
prior to trial because all he imported was just one bundle. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 28, ln 6.

He also did not “tell more about” Mogan because Mogan had been involved in
numerous fights in Malaysia, and the accused was afraid that Mogan would “do
something to” his family. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 31, ln 8–10.

Decision on conviction

31 I briefly set out the law regarding the elements of the offence, before
turning to the key issue in dispute.

The law

32 The relevant provision in the MDA constituting the charge read:

Import and export of controlled drugs

7. Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person to import into or export from Singapore a controlled drug.

33 There are two elements to this offence under s 7 of the MDA (Ng Kwok Chun
and another v Public Prosecutor [1992] 3 SLR(R) 256 at [15] and [39]):

(a) The controlled drug was brought into Singapore without authorisation; and

(b) The accused had the knowledge that the said controlled drug was being
brought into Singapore or had the intention to bring the said controlled drug
into Singapore.

34 In Adri Anton Kalangie v Public Prosecutor [2018] 2 SLR 557 at [84], the
Court of Appeal confirmed that the element of “importation” simply requires
the bringing of drugs into Singapore, and that there is no requirement for the
Prosecution to prove that the accused imported the controlled drugs for the
purpose of trafficking.

35 It was not disputed that the accused brought the drugs into Singapore, that
he knew that he was carrying diamorphine, and that he was not authorised under
the MDA or the Regulations made thereunder to import diamorphine into
Singapore. The only issue was whether the accused had the requisite knowledge
of the quantity of the drug he had brought into Singapore, such that he can be
said to have the knowledge or intention of importing all 18.85g of
diamorphine. In this regard, I turn to the parties’ respective arguments.

The parties’ positions

36 According to the Prosecution, as the accused indisputably possessed and had
control over the bundle of drugs, he was presumed under s 18(1) of the MDA to
have knowing possession of the entire quantity of the drugs, being all 18.85g
of diamorphine. Therefore, the burden was on the accused to rebut this
presumption on a balance of probabilities. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (Amended) (“PCSA”) at para 10–11.

This was the approach taken in Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Farid bin Mohd
Yusop [2014] SGHC 125. As part of its case, the Prosecution submitted that the
accused was wilfully blind to the quantity of diamorphine in his possession,
based on his failure to confirm that he was importing a non-capital amount of
diamorphine despite his suspicions to the contrary. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PCSA at para 11(c).

The Prosecution also pointed out that the accused’s defence was a fabrication,
and in any case did not serve to exculpate him as it was meaningless. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PCSA at para 11(a)–(b).

37 The crux of the Defence’s case was that the accused believed and had no
reason to doubt that he was at all times carrying only “half a stone”, and not
a “full stone” of marunthu. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 11.

Regarding the incidence of the burden of proof, the Defence simply argued that
“because of the inherent difficulties of proving a negative”, the burden on
the Defence should not be “so onerous that it become[s] virtually impossible
to discharge”, and therefore “such a burden”  
should not be imposed. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defence’s Response Submissions (“DRS”) at para 23.

38 Having considered the evidence, I found that the Prosecution had
established beyond a reasonable doubt that the accused knew of the quantity of
drugs, and I now set out my analysis.

Wilful blindness

39 In Tan Kiam Peng v Public Prosecutor [2008] 1 SLR(R) 1 (“Tan Kiam Peng”) at
[123]–[129], the Court of Appeal distilled several principles relating to the
doctrine of wilful blindness. First, wilful blindness is treated as being the
legal equivalent of actual knowledge (at [123]). Second, suspicion is legally
sufficient to ground a finding of wilful blindness, as long as “that level of
suspicion … then lead[s] to a refusal to investigate further [emphasis in
original]”. As the court elaborates (at [125]):

… As Lord Scott aptly put it …, “[s]uspicion is a word that can be used to
describe a state-of-mind that may, at one extreme, be no more than a vague
feeling of unease and, at the other extreme, reflect a firm belief in the
existence of the relevant facts”. … [S]uspicion is a central as well as
integral part of the entire doctrine of wilful blindness. However, the caveat
is that a low level of suspicion premised on a factual matrix that would not
lead a person to make further inquiries would be insufficient to ground a
finding of wilful blindness where the person concerned did not in fact make
further inquiries. …

[emphasis in original]

40 While the court stated that the inquiry is a highly fact-intensive one, it
was clear in stating that (at [129], [130]):

… [O]ne obvious situation is where the accused takes no steps whatsoever to
investigate his or her suspicions. The court would naturally find that there
was wilful blindness in such a situation. …

… If the accused chooses to take an enormous (indeed, deadly) risk and proceed
without establishing the true nature of the drugs he or she is carrying, that
constitutes, in our view, wilful blindness. …

[emphasis added]

The accused suspected that the bundle of drugs involved a capital amount

41 On the accused’s own account, when first confronted with Mogan’s offer
involving the importation of marunthu, he did not agree immediately to Mogan’s
proposal, and instead took the time to consider it on his own as he was
worried about facing the death penalty. In other words, there was a degree of
suspicion that the quantity of marunthu involved would trigger the imposition
of capital punishment.

42 The accused stated at trial that he eventually accepted Mogan’s offer
because of two reasons – (a) he needed the money; and (b) Mogan assured him
that he would only import “half a stone”, the equivalent of one bundle.
However, the evidence showed that the accused had no basis to trust Mogan. His
suspicion still persisted, after his acceptance of Mogan’s offer. I explain
why this was so.

43 The accused’s explanation of his trust in Mogan was unbelievable. Despite
the accused’s assertions at trial that he and Mogan were “close”, this rang
hollow in the face of evidence to the contrary. Only at trial did he claim
that he and Mogan were close, contradicting his investigative statements that
he and Mogan had never interacted during Mogan’s employment at Yinson
Transport. At trial, the accused admitted that he did not know basic details
such as Mogan’s full name, or whether Mogan was his real name, or anything
about Mogan at all; his only dealings with Mogan were in relation to drugs.
The accused even accepted that he had no reasonable basis for believing
Mogan’s alleged assurance that only “half a stone” was involved. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 25, ln 11.

It was therefore questionable that the accused placed trust in Mogan’s alleged
assurance that the bundle of drugs contained only “half a stone” of marunthu.

44 I further note that the accused was aware that Abang was paying a
substantial sum of money in exchange for the delivery of each bundle of
marunthu. While this did not necessarily reveal his knowledge that the
marunthu was so substantial in weight that it amounted to a capital amount, it
was evidence that the accused was aware that it was of a substantial quantity,
especially given his background as a marunthu purchaser and consumer himself.

45 Taken in totality, I found that the suspicion which arose in the accused’s
mind was of sufficient significance that he should have been led to make
further inquiries. He knew that his life was at stake, and did not offer any
credible reason why he would believe his life was no longer being gambled
with. However, he did not further investigate, and I turn to this now.

The accused took no steps to investigate

46 While the accused knew that there would be a death penalty for the
importation of 15g of marunthu in Malaysia, he did not know nor bother to find
out what the capital amount of marunthu in Singapore was. He did not know nor
bother to find out if the bundle of drugs weighed more than 15g. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NEs (29 August 2018) p 15, ln 26–31.

In fact, the accused never weighed any of the bundles of marunthu, including
the bundle of drugs in the present charge. The accused even admitted that he
was “not concerned” about their weight. It bears reminding that the gross
weight of the bundle of drugs in the present charge was 455.0g. Such evidence
clearly revealed the accused’s indifference to the quantity of drugs that he
had in his possession. The present case is thus amongst a particular class of
cases described in Tan Kiam Peng (discussed above at [40]), where the accused
takes no steps whatsoever to investigate his suspicions. This would be an
“obvious situation” of wilful blindness. I therefore found that the accused
deliberately shut his eyes and refused to investigate further, despite his
suspicion that the quantity of marunthu involved might trigger the death
penalty.

The belated nature of the accused’s defence

47 I also found the accused lacking in credibility due to the belated nature
of his defence. Though the accused was confronted with prior opportunities to
mention his defence, he did so for the first time only at trial. Glaringly,
the accused had omitted to mention anything to the effect that (a) Mogan had
assured him that the bundle of drugs only contained “half a stone” of
marunthu; and (b) he agreed to Mogan’s proposal by reason of his trust in this
assurance.

48 The accused attempted to justify this by saying that he was still under the
impression that he had possessed “half a stone” of marunthu, as he was given
just one bundle of marunthu. However, the corollary of this account would be
that the moment the accused realised that he was not merely possessing “half a
stone”, but a “full stone”, it was imperative for the accused to mention his
defence. However, the accused did not do so at two vital points:

(a) The accused claimed that he only realised the bundle of drugs weighed a
“full stone” when it was weighed in his presence by the CNB officers. However,
he did not mention his defence to the CNB officers when the bundle of drugs
was weighed and he came to this realisation.

(b) According to the evidence of SI Shafiq, and undisputed by the Defence, the
weighing of the bundle took place on 26 March 2016 at about 3.21am. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AB at p 124, para 16.

However, when the s 23 statement was recorded shortly after at 4.37am the same
day, and the accused’s liability to be sentenced to death was explained to
him, he also did not exclaim to the effect that he should not be so liable by
virtue of the bundle of drugs being “half a stone”. Instead, he “plead[ed] for
leniency” in the s 23 statement. I note that the accused stated in the s 23
statement that “[he] made a mistake by bringing this drug into Singapore”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AB at p 139.

This must not be misconstrued as a reference to the defence he relied on at
trial – it lacked specificity and amounted to no more than an expression of
regret, particularly when read together with his plea for leniency.

49 Furthermore, the accused claimed that he did not “tell more about” Mogan
before the trial because he was fearful of the harm that Mogan, a “fighter in
Malaysia”, might inflict on his family. However, this explanation was
illogical. It appeared that the only information the accused did not reveal in
his statements was Mogan’s purported reassurances that the bundle of drugs
only contained “half a stone”. Apart from this, the accused had already
implicated Mogan in his statements as the one who proposed the entire plan to
import drugs into Singapore. This “reason” offered by the accused was
therefore no reason at all for his belated defence.

50 In sum, the accused’s failure to mention his defence at all during
investigations was telling, and his attempted justifications inadequately
explained his failure to do so. Therefore, in my judgment, the accused’s
defence that he thought he was bringing into Singapore only “half a stone” of
diamorphine was evidently an afterthought.

The vagueness of the accused’s defence

51 Even if I took the accused’s account at the highest, it was still not
entirely clear what he meant – in terms of the weight of the drugs – by saying
that he thought he was carrying “half a stone” of diamorphine so as to
constitute a defence to the charge. The accused admitted that he did not know
what the weight of a “full stone” was. There was thus no basis to claim that
“half a stone” was less than 18.85g, or even a non-capital amount.

Conclusion

52 Having reviewed the evidence in totality, I rejected the accused’s account
that he thought the bundle contained “half a stone”, which would only attract
ten years’ imprisonment. It was a defence raised late in the day, and was not
credible. I found that the accused had a suspicion that the amount of marunthu
he carried was a capital amount, and that he deliberately shut his eyes to
this suspicion.

53 The present case is distinguished from Public Prosecutor v Ng Peng Chong
and another [2017] SGHC 99 (“Ng Peng Chong”), where the court found that the
accused persons only had knowledge of one pound of heroin in their possession,
and not the two pounds of heroin they were found with. In Ng Peng Chong, not
only did the accused persons consistently maintain their defence from the
point of arrest, to the recording of their statements, and to their oral
testimonies at trial, there was also objective evidence in the form of text
messages that they had a general pattern of ordering only one or half a pound
of heroin. In contrast, there was no such objective evidence or consistency in
the accused’s account in the present case. In any event, the defence was so
vague that it did not constitute a defence to the charge.

54 Based on all the facts and circumstances, I found that the accused was
wilfully blind to the quantity of drugs that he was delivering, and that it
attracted capital punishment. This amounted to actual knowledge of the
quantity of drugs he had in his possession, which he knowingly or
intentionally brought into Singapore. Accordingly, I found that the charge had
been made out against the accused beyond a reasonable doubt. I convicted the
accused of the charge. In coming to this decision, I did not think it was
necessary for the Prosecution to rely on the presumption in s 18(1) of the
MDA.

Decision on sentencing

55 The prescribed punishment under s 33(1) read with the Second Schedule of
the MDA is death, although the alternative sentencing regime in s 33B(1)(a) of
the MDA provides the court a discretion to impose a mandatory term of life
imprisonment and not less than 15 strokes of the cane where (i) the offender
satisfies the court that his acts fall within s 33B(2)(a)(i)–(iv) of the MDA,
and (ii) the Public Prosecutor certifies that the offender has substantively
assisted the CNB in disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside
Singapore.

56 Here, I found on the balance of probabilities that the accused’s role in
the drug transaction was to bring the drugs into Singapore and then to deliver
the drugs to Abang. His acts therefore fell within those of a courier. The
accused was also issued a certificate of substantive assistance by the Public
Prosecutor. As such, the alternative sentencing regime was available. I saw no
reason to impose the death penalty, nor did the Prosecution submit that there
was any such reason. I imposed the alternative mandatory sentence of life
imprisonment, with effect from 26 March 2016. As it was mandatory to do so, I
imposed 15 strokes of the cane.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge

April Phang, Sia Jiazheng and Desmond Chong (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the Prosecution;  
Mahadevan Lukshumayeh (Lukshumayeh Law Corporation) and Zaminder Singh Gill
(Hilborne Law LLC) for the accused.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

