Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 103

HC/Originating Summons No 13 of 2019

In the Matter of paragraph 14 of the First Schedule to the  
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)

And

In the Matter of Order 92 Rule 4 of the Rules of Court  
(Cap 322, 2014 Rev Ed)

Between

(1)| Wan Hoe Keet (Wen Haojie)  
---|---  
(2)| Ho Sally  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

LVM Law Chambers LLC

… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Injunctions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wan Hoe Keet and another

  

v

  

LVM Law Chambers LLC

[2019] SGHC 103

High Court — HC/Originating Summons No 13 of 2019  
Choo Han Teck J  
3 April 2019

23 April 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 In Suit No 315 of 2016 (“Suit 315”), the plaintiff, Lee Hwee Yeow (“LHY”)
sued Wan Hoe Keet (“Wan”) and Ho Sally (“Ho”) for losses from multilevel
marketing ventures. LHY was represented by Mr Lok Vi Ming SC of LVM Law
Chambers LLC (“LVM”). Wan and Ho are the applicants (“the Applicants”) in the
present application before me. In Suit 315, LHY claimed that the applicants
misrepresented an investment product under a scheme known as “SureWin4U” when
it was in fact a pyramid scheme which sold a bogus product. The Applicants
settled Suit 315 with LHY through negotiations on 20 October 2017 (“the LHY
Settlement”).

2 In the present action in Suit No 806 of 2018 (“Suit 806”), the plaintiff is
one Chan Pik Sun (“CPS”). The Applicants are the defendants in Suit 806. CPS
is also represented by LVM. The Applicants applied by this originating summons
to enjoin LVM from acting for CPS, the plaintiff in Suit 806. Mr Adrian Wong
appeared on behalf of the Applicants, and Mr Lok SC, appeared on behalf of
LVM.

3 The Applicants are aggrieved that LVM is acting for CPS when it has
confidential information obtained from the settlement of Suit 315. Suit 315
and Suit 806 are similar in that Wan and Ho are the defendants in both
actions. They were sued (by different plaintiffs) for misrepresenting a
multilevel marketing scheme that ensnared the respective plaintiffs to
participate as investors. The plaintiffs in both suits refer to the scheme as
a “Ponzi” scheme. The only relevant fact for present purposes is that CPS also
alleged that Wan and Ho were the masterminds behind the scheme named
“SureWin4U”.

4 The merits of the claims in Suit 806 are not relevant and are for the trial
judge to determine. The only questions before me are, first, is there a
conflict of interests on the part of LVM in acting for the plaintiffs in both
suits, and secondly, if so, have the Applicants shown that there is a threat
of misuse sufficient to justify an injunction order against LVM from acting
for CPS?

5 Mr Wong relies on the decisions in Worth Recycling Pty Ltd v Waste Recycling
and Processing Pty Ltd [2009] NSWCA 354 (“Worth”) and Carter Holt Harvey
Forests Ltd v Sunnex Logging Ltd [2001] 3 NZLR 343 (“Carter”). Worth’s case is
very much similar in fact to the Applicants’ case here. Mr Lok SC referred me
to four other cases in which in similar applications, the applications for an
injunction against the solicitors were dismissed.

6 Worth was a case in which a company, “Veolia”, sued another company “WSN”,
but the dispute was settled after mediation where Mr Maxwell and Mr Webb,
acted for Veolia as its solicitors. “Worth”, represented by the same Mr
Maxwell and Mr Webb, then sued WSN in a similar action and WSN applied to the
court to enjoin Mr Maxwell and Mr Webb from acting for Worth. All three
companies, Veolia, WSN and Worth were in the business of waste recycling, and
were thus competitors to each other. The settlement agreement between Veolia
and WSN provided a confidentiality clause in which the parties pledged not to
disclose the terms of the settlement. There was also a mediation agreement and
a Deed of Release, both of which contained a similar confidentiality clause.

7 Once the court in Worth had determined that the content of the settlement
had the qualities of confidentiality, it carefully avoided details, the
disclosure of which would have resulted in a breach itself. In the present
case, Mr Wong submitted that the negotiation positions taken, even the body
language of the parties, and crucially, the settled amount are confidential. I
agree that the amount and the terms of a settlement are important confidential
terms, and further agree that the nature and process in which that settlement
sum was reached are also important and confidential.

8 Mr Lok SC submitted that Worth could be distinguished on the fact that in
Worth, Veolia and WSN entered into formalised mediation which contained a
mediation agreement that explicitly imposed an obligation of confidence on Mr
Maxwell and Mr Webb. Mr Lok SC submitted that in this case, the settlement
negotiations between LHY and the Applicants took place in an informal setting
and consequently, no obligation of confidence should be imposed on him or LVM.

9 The obligation of confidence owed by the solicitors of one party to the
counterparty in mediation or settlement negotiations need not strictly arise
out of an explicit contractual duty, but may arise in equity “by applying
principles of good faith and conscience” even in the absence of any contract
between the parties (see Invenpro (M) Sdn Bhd v JCS Automation Pte Ltd and
another [2014] 2 SLR 1045 (“Invenpro”) at [131] and [196]). An equitable duty
of confidence would be imposed if the circumstances are such that a reasonable
solicitor in Mr Lok SC’s position should have known that the information was
given in confidence (see Invenpro at [129]). Clause 6 of the LHY Settlement
provides that:

The circumstances of the Claims, all materials prepared in respect of [Suit
315] … and/or disclosed in [Suit 315], and any settlement between parties
(including the terms of settlement) shall be kept strictly confidential
between parties, unless disclosure is (1) required by law, (2) by written
consent between parties, (3) sanctioned by the High Court of Singapore, and
(4) for enforcement of this Settlement Agreement.

Although cl 6 did not explicitly impose a contractual duty of confidence on Mr
Lok SC or LVM, it is clear that Mr Lok SC knew that his client, LHY promised
the Applicants that he would not use or disclose any of these confidential
information except where contractually provided. Mr Lok SC negotiated for LHY
on this understanding and this imposed an equitable duty of confidence on Mr
Lok SC to not divulge or use the confidential information obtained from the
negotiations except in accordance with the LHY Settlement. The fact that
parties negotiated instead of mediated made no difference to this finding. The
private and confidential nature of the negotiations create the same nature and
degree of fidelity and Mr Lok SC, as solicitor, is bound to the confidential
agreement that his client LHY signed with the Applicants just as Mr Maxwell
and Mr Webb’s client signed one with its opposing litigant.

10 The question that follows is, whether there is a threat of misuse
sufficient to justify an injunction. Mr Lok SC told this court that he will
not be thinking about the settlement sum or divulge it to CPS. I must say at
once, that although I do not doubt that Mr Lok SC would not disclose the terms
of the LHY settlement to CPS, or to be considered a threat in that sense, that
was not what worried the court in Worth. And although Mr Lok SC also said that
he was not even thinking about the LHY settlement, that is not the fear. There
are many things that Mr Lok SC may not be thinking about — including what he
is thinking about. I am referring, of course, to the subconscious currents in
our minds and that was what the judges in the Worth and Carter cases meant
when they referred to the possibility of “a future breach occurring
accidentally or unconsciously” (see Worth at [41]). Hodgson JA in Worth summed
it precisely when he held at [44]:

… Misuse would be almost inevitable if Mr Maxwell should take part in any
settlement negotiations; and as pointed out by the New Zealand Court of Appeal
in Carter Holt, it is very difficult indeed to keep the settlement
negotiations quarantined from the conduct of the proceedings generally.

11 The prior similar action was settled by negotiation and there is a
likelihood that the action by CPS may also involve negotiation, and whether
the negotiation succeeds or not, the Applicants will be disadvantaged from the
knowledge Mr Lok SC possesses from his participation in the LHY negotiations
just as CPS will gain an advantage of inside knowledge he would otherwise not
have. He will know at which point the applicants became malleable and at
points they are at their strongest.

12 On 9 April 2019, six days after I reserved judgment, LVM wrote to the court
and made further submissions. Many solicitors seem to have forgotten that when
the court has reserved judgment, no further submissions should be made without
the leave of court. I have therefore disregarded LVM’s letter for further
arguments dated 9 April 2019 in its entirety. I should also point out that
although the remedy sought by the Applicants was proper and correct, such
applications should have named the litigant, and not his lawyer, as the
defendant — as was done in the Worth case. Lawyers are representatives of
their clients. Ultimately, the client makes the decision whether he wants to
retain the lawyer concerned, and if so, he should be the one enjoined, not the
representative, whatever advice that representative might have given.

13 For these reasons, I allow the application and grant the injunction sought.
I will hear the issue of costs at a later date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Wong Soon Peng Adrian, Ng Tee Tze, Allen and Ang Leong Hao (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
Lok Vi Ming SC, Lee Sien Liang Joseph, Tang Jin Sheng and Tan Qin Lei (LVM Law
Chambers LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

