Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 136

Suit No 787 of 2017  
(Assessment of Damages No 15 of 2018)  

Between

Soh Xia Kai Ronnie  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Loke Chor Kay  
---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Damages] — [Assessment] — [Personal injuries cases]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Soh Xia Kai Ronnie

  
v

  

Loke Chor Kay

[2019] SGHC 136

High Court — Suit No 787 of 2017 (Assessment of Damages No 15 of 2018)  
Woo Bih Li J  
5–7 September, 19 October 2018, 10 January 2019

28 May 2019

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff (“Soh”) was a motorcyclist who met with an accident on 23
November 2010 at about 6.56pm. Soh was hit by a car driven by the defendant
(“Loke”) along Jalan Boon Lay at the junction with International Road. Soh’s
date of birth is 31 August 1983. At the date of the accident, he was 27 years
of age.

2 On 19 November 2013, Soh filed an action in the District Court claiming
various injuries and loss of income or loss of earning capacity. On 1 April
2015, interlocutory judgment, by consent, was entered at 100% in favour of
Soh. Damages and costs were reserved to the registrar. By an order of court on
14 July 2017, Soh’s action was transferred to the High Court and given the
suit number HC/S 787/2017.

Background allegations

3 Soh suffered from a head injury and injuries mainly to his right leg. The
head injury was fortunately resolved without any complication. The main
residual injuries or disabilities pertained to his right leg, which was
shortened initially by 5cm and eventually, after surgery, by 2cm, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 6/9/18 p 56.

and his right knee.

4 After his initial stay at National University Hospital (“NUH”), Soh
consulted various specialists:

(a) Dr Chee Yu Han (“Dr Chee”) from NUH, who examined Soh on 19 April 2012 and
issued a medical report dated 26 April 2012; 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”) pp 14–15.

(b) A/Prof Ganesan Naidu (“Prof Naidu”) from Tan Tock Seng Hospital (“TTSH”),
who examined Soh on 7 April 2015 and issued a medical report dated 23 April
2015; 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AB pp 16–18.

(c) Adj Asst Prof Hitendra K Doshi (“Prof Doshi”) from TTSH, who examined Soh
on 24 October 2016 and issued a medical report dated 26 October 2016; 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AB p 38.

and

(d) Professor Tay Boon Keng (“Prof Tay”) from Singapore General Hospital
(“SGH”), who examined Soh on 14 December 2016 and issued a medical report
erroneously dated both 28 December 2016 and 5 January 2017. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AB pp 41–43.

I will adopt the later date. Prof Tay also issued a clarification dated 26
March 2018. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB 51.

Prof Tay was Soh’s independent medical expert.

5 Loke’s independent medical expert was Dr Lee Soon Tai (“Dr Lee”). Dr Lee saw
Soh on 10 March 2016 and he issued the following medical reports:

(a) his first medical report dated 4 May 2016; 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB pp 20–37.

(b) his second medical report dated 18 January 2018; 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB pp 45–48.

(c) his third medical report dated 2 May 2018; 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB pp 56–58.

and

(d) his fourth medical report dated 10 May 2018 which elaborated on his third
medical report. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB pp 61–64.

6 Loke also relied on a video recording of the movements of Soh on three days,
these being 25, 26 and 29 October 2017. This was done by a private
investigator who also included photographs from Soh’s Facebook account.

7 In Soh’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), he said that he
experiences weaknesses in his knee, sore muscles, tingling nerve sensation,
pain, and aches in his right leg when he stands or walks. He can no longer
squat or kneel at all. He cannot bend his right knee in full or fold his right
leg or sit cross-legged. He has problems using public toilets that do not have
seats. He also said that there is observable difference in the size of his
thighs and he has various scars on his right leg and one scar on his left
thigh due to skin taken out to graft onto his right thigh. The scars are
prominent when he wears shorts that do not go past his knee. Therefore, he is
hesitant to go swimming or to the beach or even sports gatherings.

8 Soh has a job as a technician with an oil tank company. He said that his job
is physically demanding. He has to be able to walk briskly, ride a bicycle
around the tank farm areas or the jetty berths, climb ladders and stairs, walk
on pipelines, navigate through tight and narrow areas, as well as climb over
walls that are knee high.

9 He alleged that his superior, Chan Kong Fatt (“Mr Chan”), who has been
promoted to senior operations manager, had informed Soh that if Soh were not
an existing employee, Mr Chan would not consider employing Soh because of the
physical demands of the job. Soh stated that he understood that it was by
grace that he could still keep his job. If there were a downturn in the oil
market and retrenchment, Soh believed that he would probably be one of the
first to be retrenched given his disabilities. If he were to lose his job, it
would not be possible for him to find another job in the same field. With a
GCE ‘O’ level certificate and a diploma in culinary skills from the Singapore
Hotel and Tourism Education Centre, he was not certain about finding another
job easily in a different industry because even a cook has to stand and move
around all the time.

10 I noted that Soh did not call Mr Chan or anyone else from his employer to
give evidence for him.

11 Although Prof Tay had mentioned that Soh had a 2cm shortening of his right
leg and had a painful limp, Dr Lee said that he did not notice any painful
limp when he examined Soh. Dr Lee noted that Prof Doshi’s report (dated 26
October 2016) mentioned that Soh was able to walk independently without aids.
That said, Dr Lee observed, from the video recording of Soh, that there was a
mild limp, Soh was not using any shoe raise and he was able to walk briskly
with large strides.

12 Photos taken by Dr Lee of Soh, when Dr Lee examined Soh, showed that Soh
can kneel with his body in an upright position. He can sit cross-legged but
his legs cannot be pushed flat onto the ground. Dr Lee accepted that Soh
cannot squat completely and has occasional pain in his right knee but noted
that there was no mention (in other reports) of Soh having to consume
analgesia to cope with the pain. Dr Lee was of the view that there was mild
limitation in the range of motion of the right knee.

13 On Soh’s job prospects, Loke submitted that notwithstanding the many number
of days of medical leave that Soh had been on, Soh had been promoted twice.
Soh’s accident was in November 2010. However, he was promoted to Technician
Grade B from 1 January 2012. He was subsequently promoted to Senior Technician
I from 1 January 2017.

14 Loke referred to various job appraisals which commended Soh. A Year End
Appraisal 2012 stated, “[a]fter his long medical due to motorcycle accident,
[Soh] came back to work doing panel-man duties. This year he has start [sic]
doing field work, he is able to cope and do the tank-farm and jetty duties
quite well”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (“PBD”) p 276.

15 A Year End Appraisal 2013 commented that, “[Soh] is a good technician. He
always do his work well and quite accurate. He is able to handle some volume
of work …”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PBD p 283.

16 A Performance Review for 2017 described Soh as safety conscious, motivated,
and a good team player. He was described as a positive role model for other
trainee technicians. He was also an independent and reliable worker. He
carried out his role with tenacity and consistency. He would make a valuable
asset to his employer if his performance remained exemplary. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PBD pp 306–307.

17 Indeed, Soh admitted that there was no single statement in any assessment
of him by his employer saying that he was handicapped in any way in his work.
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE 6/9/2018 p 85.

The assessment and appeal

18 The assessment of damages was heard by me from 5 to 7 September 2018.
Written closing submissions were then submitted. On 10 January 2019, I
rendered an oral judgment (attached herewith as an Annex for easy reference)
which detailed Soh’s claims for various injuries and expenses, Loke’s
submissions on quantum, and the court’s decision for each item.

19 Soh has filed an appeal in respect of certain aspects of my decision, ie:

1\. The award of $50,000.00 for the right upper leg injury;

2\. The award of $12,000.00 for the disabling knee injuries;

3\. The “nil” award or the disallowance of the claim for chronic back pain and
increased tiredness;

4\. The ‘nil” award or the disallowance of the claim for loss of amenities;

5\. The “nil” award or the disallowance of the claim for loss of earning
capacity (post-trial);

6\. The award of $20,730.00 comprising $15,730.00 for the first total knee
replacement and $5,000.00 for a second knee replacement with discount for
accelerated payment and contingencies of life; and

7\. All the costs orders, in particular the costs given in favour of the
Defendant as costs on an indemnity basis fixed at $20,000.00 plus reasonable
disbursements incurred from 15 May 2018 up to the date of the Final Judgment
given on 10 January 2019.

The court’s reasons

20 I set out below the court’s reasons for the items which are the subject of
Soh’s appeal. The item numbers refer to the serial numbers in the Annex.

Item 2 – Right upper leg injury

21 Soh claimed $60,000 to $75,000 for this injury. Loke suggested $30,000
which he then increased to $32,000.

22 It seemed to me that the case which was closest to this injury was the case
of Yeo Chee Siong v Salpac (S) Pte Ltd and another [2017] SGHC 304 (“Yeo”).
There, the High Court awarded $40,000. I reproduce [25] and [26] of the
grounds of decision there:

25 The Plaintiff asked for $40,000, submitting that the fractures were
serious, resulted in serious disabilities and a complicated recovery process.
The Defendant submitted that $30,000 would be appropriate, submitting that
while “the Plaintiff did suffer from 1 cm shortening of the left leg, he does
not require further treatment as the fracture has healed well”.

26 It is clear to me that the Plaintiff suffered severe leg injuries in the
Accident. The shortening of the Plaintiff’s left leg resulted in a limping
gait, an inability to squat and a pre-disposition to post-traumatic arthritis
or osteoporosis. The leg injuries continued to cause him pains in his thigh
even at the time of trial, where he sustained fractures of his left tibia and
fibula. I also note that there was a femoral fracture that involve its distal
articular surface which forms part of the knee joint. Taken together, these
injuries have caused a painful and complicated recovery. Some of the
consequences are permanent such as the inability to squat and a limping gait
and some will continue to cause the Plaintiff pain on a daily basis. I am also
satisfied that these injuries would affect his chances of finding employment,
given that the scope of jobs that the Plaintiff pursued is physical in nature.
As such, I took the view that a quantum on the higher end would be appropriate
and awarded the Plaintiff $40,000.

23 In the present case, Soh still had a 2cm shortening of his right leg while
the plaintiff in Yeo had a 1cm shortening.

24 In Yeo, there was mention of a complicated recovery process but no
elaboration. Here, Soh had been in and out of hospital at various times and
undergone various surgical procedures.

25 For example, on 16 December 2013, he underwent a corrective closing wedge
osteotomy of the right distal femur.

26 On 1 December 2014, he underwent:

(a) a right femur proximal corticotomy; and

(b) application of distracting external fixation.

These procedures were to increase the length of his right leg.

27 The initial period of medical leave for Soh was 147 days. This increased to
566 days as of August 2015, after each of the various procedures were done. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s supplementary AEIC pp 1 and 5.

28 Unlike in Yeo, Soh underwent osteotomy and distraction corticotomy. That
said, Soh was still able to continue with his employment and, according to
Loke’s case, Soh was even promoted twice.

29 In the circumstances, I decided to award $50,000 which was higher than the
$40,000 awarded in Yeo. I took into account the number of procedures Soh had
to undergo and the lengthy medical leave he had to take, as well as some
overlapping between items 3, 4, 5, 6 and 9 of the Annex. Because of
overlapping, I did not allow any sum for items 6 and 9 and allowed a sum at
the lower end for items 3 and 5 and an agreed sum for item 4. On this group of
items, Soh’s appeal pertains to items 3, 6 and 9.

Item 3 – Disabling knee injuries: torn medial meniscus, torn lateral meniscus
and anterior cruciate ligament (“ACL”)

30 I awarded Soh $12,000 for item 3. Soh alleged that he had suffered the
above injuries while Loke suggested that the ACL was not torn. However, the
latter suggestion was because Loke’s expert witness, Dr Lee, said that there
was a 25% to 35% tear only and since it was not a complete tear, the correct
terminology was to call it “a sprain”. Whatever the correct terminology was,
there was a 25% to 35% tear.

31 In Tan Kok Hian v Tian Seow Liang (DC Suit No 971/1998), an award of
$15,000 was given for 50% tear of the ACL and tear to the lateral meniscus.
There was no torn meniscus. However, Soh asked for $30,000 to $37,000 because
of inflation.

32 In Tan Boch v Lim Khoong Young (DC Suit No 4908/2001), $12,000 was awarded
for torn medial collateral ligament and medial meniscus of the right knee.
However, Soh pointed out that there was no tear of the ACL or lateral meniscus
there.

33 In my view, the injuries of Soh under this item were less severe than the
right upper leg injury. Also, there were separate awards for osteoarthritis
and scarring. I was of the view that $12,000 for this item was fair and just.

Items 6 and 9 – Chronic back pain and increased tiredness and loss of
amenities

34 As explained above, I had taken these items into account in awarding
$50,000 for the right upper leg injury.

35 Moreover, on the loss of amenities, Soh submitted that “[a] separate award
is typically granted where there is a residual disability so severe as to
greatly impact overall enjoyment of life”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions (“PCS”) para 149.

Therefore, even based on his submissions, the question was whether his
residual disabilities were so severe as to greatly impact his overall
enjoyment of life.

36 Soh cited three cases in his submissions. The first was Lai Wee Lian v
Singapore Bus Service (1978) Ltd [1981–1982] SLR(R) 525 (CA) and [1983–1984]
SLR(R) 388 (PC). There, the plaintiff suffered from a great reduction of
mental powers, change of personality, neurogenic bladder, inability to have
sexual intercourse, and the loss of the prospect of a happy marriage. The
plaintiff was awarded $40,000 for loss of amenities.

37 The second case was Mohamed Repin v Lim Yu Kee [1968–1970] SLR(R) 200 where
the plaintiff was awarded $60,000 for loss of amenities as he was rendered
completely blind by the accident, having been already blind in one eye from
childhood.

38 The third case was Ang Siam Hua v Teo Cheng Hoe [2004] SGHC 147. There, an
assistant registrar awarded $10,000 for loss of amenities to compensate the
plaintiff for the combined effect of individual disabilities on the overall
function of the body even though she had taken into account the loss of
amenities associated with each particular injury when making an award for each
individual injury.

39 In my view, Soh’s injuries were not so severe as to greatly impact his
overall enjoyment of life even though he could not engage very actively in
sports. His injuries were clearly less severe than in the first two cases
cited.

40 As for the third case, I did not agree that there should be an additional
award for loss of amenities over and above the individual awards when loss of
amenities had already been taken into account in the individual award. There
was also no suggestion there that the overall impact of the injuries was so
severe as to greatly affect Soh’s overall enjoyment of life.

Item 11 – Loss of earning capacity (post-trial)

41 As can be seen from the Annex, Soh had claimed pre-trial and post-trial
loss of earning capacity (“LEC”). I made a nil award for both items. He is not
appealing for pre-trial LEC and is appealing only for post-trial LEC. The
claim for this item was for the highest sum of the various sums he was
claiming. As his appeal is confined only to post-trial LEC, I will use the
short form “LEC” to refer to this head of claim.

42 Loke submitted that a claim for LEC must be pleaded in view of O 18 rr
12(1A) and 12(1C) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). As this
was not done by Soh, Loke submitted that Soh was precluded from claiming for
LEC.

43 Order 18 r 12(1A) provides that a plaintiff in an action for personal
injuries shall serve with his statement of claim:

(a) a medical report; and

(b) a statement of the special damages claimed.

44 Order 18 r 12(1C) defines “a statement of the special damages claimed” to
mean “a statement giving full particulars of the special damages claimed for
expenses and losses already incurred and an estimate of any future expenses
and losses (including loss of earnings, loss of Central Provident Fund
contributions and loss of pension rights)”.

45 As can be seen, Loke had misinterpreted the relevant provision. The phrase
“loss of earnings” refers to loss of income and not LEC. Loke had conflated
the two different heads of claim.

46 Even Loke’s reliance on the Privy Council decision in Chan Wai Tong and
another v Li Ping Sum [1985] 2 WLR 396 did not take his argument much further.
There, the court said, at p 404, “[i]t may be that it is not essential to
plead this head of damages, but their Lordships consider that as a matter of
good practice it ought, as a general rule, to be pleaded in order to give fair
notice to the defendant”. Hence, that case is not authority for the
proposition that a claim for LEC must be pleaded failing which a plaintiff is
precluded from claiming this. Furthermore, Loke did not suggest that he was
caught by surprise by this claim.

47 Nevertheless, that case is useful for the guidance it gives about the
evidence that is required. At pp 404–405, the court said:

Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that she was entitled to at least a
conventional award under this head, without any evidence being required. But
that submission rests on a misconception. A claim for loss of future earning
capacity usually arises where the claimant is in employment at the time when
the claim falls to be evaluated. The claim is to cover the risk that, at some
future date during the claimant’s working life, he will lose his employment
and will then suffer financial loss because of his disadvantage in the labour
market. The court has to evaluate the present value of that future risk: see
Moeliker v. A Reyrolle & Co. Ltd [1977] 1 W.L.R. 132, 140 where Browne L.J.
dealt fully with this matter. Evidence is therefore required in order to prove
the extent, if any, of the risk that the claimant will at some future time
during his working life lose his employment. If he is, and has been for many
years, in secure employment with a public authority the risk may be
negligible. In other cases, the degree of risk may vary almost infinitely,
depending on inter alia the claimant’s age and the nature of his employment.
Evidence will also be generally required in order to show how far the
claimant’s earning capacity would be adversely affected by his disability.
This will depend largely on the nature of his employment. Loss of an arm or a
leg will have a much more serious effect upon the earning capacity of a
labourer than on that of an accountant. In the present case there is no
evidence at all on these matters. …

48 Soh submitted that he must satisfy two limbs for his claim for LEC:

(a) there must be a risk that he will lose the job he holds at the time of
trial; and

(b) as a result of his injury, he will be at a disadvantage in getting another
job or an equally well-paying job.

49 On the first limb, Soh submitted that his residual disabilities put him at
a high risk of losing his present job as a technician with an oil tank
company. I have set out above his allegation as to what the job entails. Soh
said that he would eventually develop severe osteoarthritis of his right knee
which would require a total knee replacement (“TKR”). He would also have to
undergo multiple other surgical procedures such as a surgery to remove an
internal fixator, arthroscopy for the meniscus tears and ACL reconstruction.
He would have to take extensive medical leave and also take time off for
consultation and physiotherapy. Therefore, there was a significant risk that
his employer would eventually tire of having to accommodate him and let him go
when the opportunity arises. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PCS para 182.

Indeed, as mentioned above at [9], Soh also alleged that it was by grace that
he could keep his job.

50 However, Soh had already taken extensive medical leave in the past after
the accident. As mentioned above, he had to take 566 days of medical leave
over various years. Yet, he kept his job. Apparently he was even promoted
twice.

51 Soh also submitted that there was a significant risk that he would be
retrenched in the event of an economic downturn or corporate restructuring
especially since his employer is in the volatile oil and gas industry. If
there was any retrenchment he would be the first to be retrenched in view of
his residual disabilities.

52 I reiterate that Soh elected not to call any evidence from his employer
about his job prospects with that employer even though he referred to what his
superior Mr Chan had allegedly told him. There was also no medical evidence
about any disadvantage or the extent of the disadvantage in securing a job
should he in fact lose his job. Accordingly, there was no other evidence to
support his allegations.

53 On the contrary, the appraisals or reviews of Soh, which Loke relied on,
suggested that Soh’s employer thought well of Soh’s performance. This was to
Soh’s credit. However, he could not establish that it was by his employer’s
grace that he could keep his job or that if there was any downturn, he would
be the first of the employees to be retrenched. Furthermore, it was difficult
to say that he would be disadvantaged, because of his disabilities, in getting
another job if he were in fact retrenched. It was also difficult to assess the
extent of the disability in getting another job. In my view, Soh had made a
sweeping statement “[g]iven the nature of his residual disabilities, he is
unlikely to be able to find another blue-collar job”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PCS para 185.

54 As for osteoarthritis eventually setting in, this could be resolved with a
TKR (for which a separate award was made). There was no evidence to suggest
that workers with such a condition, which could arise without any accident,
would be at a disadvantage in retaining or getting a job and the extent of the
disadvantage.

55 Accordingly, I gave a nil award for LEC.

Item 12 – Future surgical procedures and medical treatment expenses

56 For item 12, Soh claimed the following:

(a)| Removal of internal fixator| $ 8,591  
---|---|---  
(b)| Arthroscopy| $20,082  
(c)| ACL reconstruction| $31,863  
(d)| First TKR| $26,538  
(e)| Second TKR| $26,538  
| Total| $113,612  
  
57 In addition, Soh claimed three consultations for each surgery at $181.90
per consultation. For a total of 15 consultations, this would be $2,728.50.

58 For each TKR, Soh claimed 12 sessions of physiotherapy at $96.30 per
session. For 24 sessions, the total would be $2,311.20.

59 The three sums of $113,612, $2,728.50 and $2,311.20 added up to
$118,651.70. Soh rounded it to $118,652.

60 For the removal of an internal fixator, Loke submitted that the only doctor
who stated that Soh would need to remove his implant was Prof Tay. Even then,
Prof Tay did not give an estimate for the cost of removal. Soh’s submissions
referred to the Ministry of Health’s (“MOH”) published average hospital bills
for each procedure in question. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PCS para 203.

On that basis, Soh claimed $8,591.

61 Dr Lee was of the view that it was optional to remove the fixation plating
and screws since the fracture had consolidated. He estimated the cost of
removal to be about $3,410 (for a class B1 ward) if it was performed in a
government restructured hospital. He was not challenged on the quantum. Loke
submitted that if the court was minded to allow this item, it should be for
$3,410.

62 Since Loke did not appear to challenge this item in principle too
vigorously, I was inclined to allow the claim in principle. On the question of
cost, the information from MOH covered a wide range of costs depending on the
hospital and the class of ward. It could be as low as $576 for a low size bill
to as high as about $17,000 for a high size bill. There was no elaboration
from Soh as to how he had derived the figure of $8,591. In the circumstances,
I was of the view that Dr Lee’s estimate of $3,410 was preferable.

63 I next address Soh’s claim for arthroscopy ($20,082) and ACL reconstruction
($31,863).

64 In Prof Naidu’s report dated 23 April 2015, he mentioned these two
procedures but estimated the cost to be $10,000.

65 Prof Tay’s report dated 5 January 2017 mentioned the need to remove an
implant (as discussed above). There was no mention of the need for arthroscopy
and ACL reconstruction. However, in re-examination, he said that there was
instability in the relevant knee even though it was a partial tear. He said
that he would recommend an ACL reconstruction if Soh found the instability
unacceptable and it affected his lifestyle. Therefore, the arthroscopy and ACL
reconstruction were elective.

66 On the other hand, Dr Lee was of the view that these procedures were not
necessary as a radiologist (who had done an MRI of Soh’s right knee in 2016)
had reported the ACL as “grossly intact”. However, this did not mean that the
ACL was completely intact because Dr Lee had also said that there was a
partial tear of 25% to 35%.

67 There was some confusion in the evidence about the need for these two
procedures. Loke did not dispute the report of Prof Naidu dated 23 April 2015
which was part of the Agreed Bundle. Loke also did not require Prof Naidu to
be cross-examined. This therefore suggested that Loke was precluded from
disputing the need for these procedures.

68 However, Soh had also appointed Prof Tay as his independent expert. Prof
Tay’s report dated 5 January 2017 made no mention of the need for these
procedures. Furthermore, in re-examination, Prof Tay said they were electives.
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE 5/9/2018 p 105.

69 In such circumstances, I did not think that Loke was precluded from taking
the point that these procedures were electives although he should not have
agreed that cross-examination of Prof Naidu was not necessary since he was
contesting these items.

70 So far, Soh had not decided to pursue these procedures. In his
Supplementary AEIC of 23 September 2015, Soh said that due to his long medical
leave and that he had exhausted all his medical leave for the year, he would
put off these procedures for as long as possible. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s supplementary AEIC para 5.

It seemed to me that he was waiting to see if he would be compensated for the
expenses.

71 As the procedures are not necessary, I decided that he was not entitled to
claim for these items.

72 If I were wrong on the liability for those items, I would have allowed only
$10,000 for them. That was the figure estimated by Prof Naidu. Soh reiterated
this figure in his Supplementary AEIC. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s supplementary AEIC para 5.

However, in his submissions he sought to justify the higher figures claimed on
the basis that his regular orthopaedic doctor was Prof Naidu who had since
moved to Raffles Hospital. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCS para 201.

Therefore, Soh should be entitled to make his claim based on private rates.

73 I would not have agreed to more than $10,000 because Soh had been going to
TTSH from April 2015 when he consulted Prof Naidu. In 2016, he consulted Prof
Doshi at TTSH as well. There was no suggestion that the procedures were so
complicated as to require Prof Naidu’s attention. Furthermore, Soh was
apparently again relying on MOH figures which had a wide range and were not
helpful without elaboration.

74 I come now to the cost of TKR. Soh had claimed $26,538 for each TKR. He was
claiming for two TKRs. Prof Tay had estimated $20,000 for one TKR. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AB p 43.

Loke was prepared to agree to $20,000 but had overlooked the point that the
TKR would only be required in about 20 years’ time. I will come back to this
point later.

75 On the cost for consultation, Soh proceeded on the basis of three
consultations for each of the five procedures. Loke proceeded on the basis of
two consultations for two procedures, ie, the removal of internal fixator and
one TKR (instead of two).

76 Soh asked for $181.90 per session but there was no evidence about this
amount. Dr Lee estimated it to be $70 per visit at a government restructured
hospital.

77 In the absence of more evidence for Soh, I proceeded on the basis of $70
per visit and two consultations per procedure making $280 (ie, $70 x 4).

78 For physiotherapy, Soh asked for 12 sessions after each TKR at $96.30 per
session. For 24 sessions for two TKR, the cost would be $2,311.20. Loke
suggested $960 which worked out to $80 x 12 sessions (since he did not agree
to a second TKR). The $80 was again Dr Lee’s estimate at a government
restructured hospital. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AB p 28

79 In the absence of more evidence for Soh, I applied $80 per session.
Therefore, the following would apply if I allowed costs for the removal of
implants and for one TKR before any other adjustment:

(a)| Removal of implant| $3,410  
---|---|---  
(b)| One TKR| $20,000  
(c)| Two consultations per surgery, ie, 4 x $70| $280  
(d)| 12 physiotherapy sessions after one TKR at $80 per session| $960  
| Total| $24,650  
  
80 However, in the joint opening statement, Loke had agreed to another $720
for analgesic at $30 x 24 months. This brought the total to $25,370. I was of
the view that Loke should be held to this figure and used this as a starting
point before any adjustment. However, I notice that in my oral judgment, there
was an inadvertent error as I used the figure of $25,730 instead.

81 I also took into account the fact that the first TKR costing $20,000 would
not be required until about 20 years later (even assuming that this was 20
years from the date of the accident and not from the date of the assessment
hearing). Hence, Soh was going to receive compensation ahead of time. After
factoring a discount for accelerated payment and contingencies of life, I
allowed $10,000 (instead of $20,000) for the first TKR. The total of the
various claims which I was allowing under item 12 would therefore be $25,730
less $10,000 making a total of $15,730 (which should have been $15,370 if no
error was made).

82 There was also some evidence from Prof Tay that a second TKR would
eventually also be required 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE 5/9/2018 p 106.

although Loke disputed the need for a second TKR. I was prepared to allow for
a second TKR which was likely since a TKR would be effective for about 20
years and Soh was still young. However, this second TKR would be, say, 40
years later. Hence, adopting a similar approach as for the first TKR but
taking into account that the second TKR would be much later, I allowed $5,000
only.

Costs order

83 The costs order for Soh to pay Loke $20,000, excluding disbursements, was
based on an offer to settle (“OTS”) from Loke to Soh. The offer was on terms
more favourable than what Soh eventually received under my decision. I fixed
the quantum of costs after taking into account standard costs for Soh before
15 May 2018, as that was the date the OTS was served on Soh’s lawyers, and
indemnity costs for Loke thereafter. Soh was entitled to disbursements up to
14 May 2018 and Loke was entitled to disbursements from 15 May 2018.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Simon Yuen (Legal Clinic LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Mahendra Prasad Rai and Dean Salleh (Cooma & Rai) for the defendant.

Annex

Oral Judgment

A.1 I assess the plaintiff’s damages to be $128,155.32 as elaborated in the
table below. The defendant is to pay this sum forthwith to the plaintiff. I
also elaborate briefly below on the reasons for my decision in respect of some
of the heads of damages.

A.2 For item 1, ie, head injury, I have allowed the sum of $5,000 as claimed
as the head injury appeared serious and the plaintiff underwent five CT scans
on five different days for this injury. Fortunately, there was not more
serious injury to his brain.

A.3 For item 2, right upper leg injury, I have allowed $50,000 which is more
than the $40,000 allowed in Yeo Chee Siong v Salpac (S) Pte Ltd and another
[2017] SGHC 304 (“Yeo”) in view of the number of procedures which the
plaintiff had to undergo over the years and the lengthy number of days of
medical leave he was on. Such information was not clear in Yeo. There is also
some overlapping between items 3, 4, 5, 6 and 9. Hence, I did not allow any
sum for items 6 and 9.

A.4 For item 12, future procedures and treatment, I have allowed $10,000 for a
total knee replacement, as compared with the estimated cost of $20,000, to
take into account the contingencies of life and accelerated payment as the
replacement is likely to be done perhaps 20 years later. This reduced the
overall amount of $25,730, which the defendant was initially prepared to agree
to for future surgical procedures and medical expenses, to $15,730.

A.5 In addition, I allow $5,000 for a second total knee replacement thereafter
after taking into account the contingencies of life and accelerated payment as
the second knee replacement is another 20 years later.

A.6 The claim for item 10, ie, loss of earning capacity (pre-trial) is not
allowed. First, the plaintiff’s statement of claim did not plead such a head
of damage and pre-trial loss must be pleaded and proved as a matter of special
damage, see Yap Boon Fong Yvonne v Wong Kok Mun Alvin and another and another
appeal [2018] SGCA 80 (“Yvonne Yap”) at [41], [43] and [48]. Secondly, pre-
trial loss of earning capacity is not recognised in Singapore (see Yvonne Yap
at [31] and [42]–[43]). Thirdly, there was no evidence to establish such a
claim. A suggestion that the plaintiff had to use some of his leave to
recuperate as he did not have enough medical leave is not evidence of a loss
of earning capacity.

A.7 The claim for item 11, ie, loss of earning capacity (post-trial) is not
allowed as there was insufficient evidence to establish this head of damage.
No one from the plaintiff’s employer gave evidence as to whether there was a
substantial or real risk that the plaintiff could lose his present job. Also,
no medical expert explained with sufficient elaboration the extent to which
the plaintiff might be disadvantaged if he were to lose his current
employment.

A.8 The claim for an additional $290.61 under item 14 regarding pre-trial
medical expenses is not allowed because such expenses arose from the
plaintiff’s consultation with his medical expert for the litigation and not
for treatment as such. It is a separate matter whether it will be allowed as
part of his costs and/or disbursements in the litigation.

A.9 The claim for item 15 being $650 for damage or destruction of personal
items is not allowed for lack of evidence.

A.10 I will hear parties on interest and costs.

S/N| Injury/Expense| Plaintiff| Defendant| Court  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| Head injury| $ 5,000.00| $ 2,000.00| $ 5,000.00  
2| Right upper leg injury| $60,000.00–$75,000.00| $30,000.00(increased to
$32,000 in closing submissions)| $50,000.00  
3| Disabling knee injuries: • torn medial meniscus• torn lateral meniscus• anterior cruciate ligament (“ACL”)ACL is disputed. | $30,000.00–$37,000.00| $12,000.00(reduced to $0 in closing submissions)| $12,000.00  
4| Osteoarthritis of the right knee| $ 8,000.00| $ 8,000.00| $ 8,000.00  
5| Scarring| $20,000.00| $10,000.00(reduced to $500 in closing submissions)|
$10,000.00  
6| Chronic back pain and increased tiredness| $ 4,000.00| Nil| Nil  
7| Multiple abrasions on: (a) the right hand(b) both lower limbs | $ 3,000.00| $ 500.00| $ 1,000.00  
8| Tenderness of left knee and thigh| $ 1,200.00| Nil| $ 500.00  
9| Loss of amenities| $ 40,000.00| Nil| Nil  
10| Loss of earning capacity (pre-trial)| $ 36,777.96| Nil| Nil  
11| Loss of earning capacity (post-trial)$1,300 × 12 months x 18 years|
$280,800.00 (increased to $328,536 in closing submissions)| Nil| Nil  
12| Future surgical procedures and medical treatment expenses| $118,652.00|
$25,730.00(reduced to $24,650 in closing submissions)| $15,730.00 + $5,000.00
for a second knee replacement with discount for accelerated payment and
contingencies of life.  
13| Future transport expenses| $ 1,500.00| $ 1,500.00| $ 1,500.00  
14| Pre-trial medical and transport expenses (Plaintiff intends to add $290.61. See para 44 of Plaintiff’s closing submissions) | $19,425.32 +$ 290.61| $19,425.32| $19,425.32  
15| Additional claim for damage/destruction of personal items| $ 650.00| Nil|
Nil  
Total:| $128,155.32  
  
Note: Figures from parties are from their Joint Opening Statement.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

