Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 207

Magistrate’s Appeal 9187 of 2018/01

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Tan Kok Ming, Michael  
---|---  
  
Magistrate’s Appeal No 9187 of 2018/02

Between

| Tan Kok Ming, Michael  
---|---  
  
And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
Magistrate’s Appeal 9200 of 2018/01

Between

| Gursharan Kaur Sharon Rachael  
---|---  
  
And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
Magistrate’s Appeal No 9200 of 2018/02

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Gursharan Kaur Sharon Rachael  
---|---  
  
judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Sentencing principles]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Forms of punishment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Tan Kok Ming Michael and other appeals

[2019] SGHC 207

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal Nos 9187 of 2018/01, 9187 of 2018/02, 9200 of
2018/01 and 9200 of 2018/02  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
22 February 2019

6 September 2019 Judgment reserved.

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 These are cross-appeals against the sentences imposed on Tan Kok Ming,
Michael (“Tan”) and Gursharan Kaur Sharon Rachael (“Kaur”) in two separate
cases. In the first case, Tan pleaded guilty to and was convicted of one
charge under s 5(b)(i) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev
Ed) (“PCA”). In the second case, Kaur pleaded guilty to and was convicted of
three charges under s 6(a) of the PCA and one charge under s 47(1)(c) of the
Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of
Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CDSA”).

2 The appeals were heard at the same time because of two common issues. The
first issue is whether a sentencing principle known as the public service
rationale is applicable in a corruption case where the recipient or intended
recipient of a bribe is a foreign public official, and if not, whether the
public service rationale should be extended to cover such a scenario. As
explained in detail at [62] below, the public service rationale
(interchangeably referred to as the public sector rationale) was developed by
case law as an aggravating factor in sentencing. The second issue is whether a
sentencing framework should be formulated for all corruption offences under ss
5 and 6 of the PCA, and if so, whether the sentencing framework proposed by
the Prosecution should be adopted. A young amicus curiae (“the amicus”) was
appointed to assist the court on the former issue.

3 In addition to these common issues, on various grounds, the parties argued
that the sentence of four months’ imprisonment imposed on Tan and that of 33
months’ imprisonment imposed on Kaur warrant appellate intervention.

4 Having had the benefit of submissions of parties and the amicus, this is my
decision.

Facts

5 The facts are as set out in the respective Statement of Facts (“SOF”)
admitted to by Tan and Kaur. The contents of Tan’s SOF are reproduced at
[4]–[14] of the District Judge’s grounds of decision in Public Prosecutor v
Tan Kok Ming, Michael [2018] SGDC 213 (“Tan Michael”), while those in Kaur’s
SOF are substantially set out at [3]–[23] of Public Prosecutor v Gursharan
Kaur Sharon Rachael [2018] SGDC 217 (“Gursharan Kaur”). I summarise them here.

Tan

6 Tan pleaded guilty to a charge under s 5(b)(i) of the PCA, for giving one
Owyong Thian Lai (“Owyong”) a sum of S$10,000 for the benefit of officers of
the Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency (known as “APMM”) to detain a vessel
belonging to his competitor, Continental Platform Pte Ltd (“CP”). Two further
charges under s 5(b)(i) of the PCA were taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing.

Background

7 Tan was the sole owner and director of Dynamix Marine Petroleum & Trading
Pte Ltd (“Dynamix”), an oil trading company which owned vessels for its
business. Tan was acquainted with Owyong since 2014, and knew that Owyong had
a reputation for being a “fixer” in the oil market, ie, Owyong was able to
help vessel owners resolve or prevent problems with Malaysian and Indonesian
authorities through bribes. One such authority was the APMM, an enforcement
authority which preserved the security of the Malaysian Maritime Zone.

8 In 2015, prior to the events of the charge, Owyong became aware that APMM
had detained one of Tan’s vessels, the Vitology. He told Tan that he could pay
APMM officers a sum of RM100,000 to secure the release of the Vitology. Tan
refused, as the matter had already reached the Malaysian courts. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Tan’s SOF, at para 4.

The charge

9 Sometime in late June 2016, Tan and Owyong had a discussion to sabotage two
of Tan’s competitors in Singapore, Kian Guan Industries Pte Ltd (“KGI”) and
CP. Tan wanted Owyong to get APMM officers to detain the AquaTera07, a vessel
owned by CP, and spread the news that KGI sabotaged CP. In this manner, CP and
KGI would get into a conflict, leaving Dynamix to “conquer the market”.

10 Owyong asked for S$10,000 for the APMM officers, which included S$1,500 for
their fuel costs. Tan agreed. Pursuant to this, Tan later handed over S$10,000
in cash to Owyong for the benefit of the APMM officers. In doing so, Tan
intended the money to be an inducement for the APMM officers to detain CP’s
vessel. This is the subject matter of the charge under section 5(b)(i) of the
PCA (DAC-940630-2017).

11 Eventually, Owyong did not follow through with the agreement. He returned
S$8,500 out of the sum of S$10,000 to Tan sometime in July 2016, stating that
the remaining S$1,500 had been passed to APMM officers for the purchase of
fuel.

Charges taken into consideration

12 I summarise the facts relating to the two charges taken into consideration:

(a) DAC-940629-2017 (“Tan’s 1st TIC charge”): In May 2016 (prior to the events
of the proceeded charge), two of Tan’s vessels, the Advance Ocean and the An
Phu 16 were detained by APMM. Tan knew that Owyong was able to resolve the
problem with APMM by giving money to APMM officers. He gave Owyong a sum of
S$10,000 for the benefit of the APMM officers to induce them to release the
vessels. He also gave a commission of S$2,000 to Owyong. Thereafter, APMM
released the two vessels. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Tan’s SOF at para 5.

(b) DAC-940631-2017 (“Tan’s 2nd TIC charge”): On 7 July 2016, Tan promised to
give Owyong an additional S$10,000 for the benefit of APMM officers if he saw
proof of the detention of the AquaTera07 in the form of a newspaper report.
This sum was intended to reward the APMM officers for the detention of CP’s
vessel. Owyong did not agree to this request. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Tan’s SOF at para 9.

Kaur

13 Turning to Kaur, she was an employee of the US government. She pleaded
guilty to three charges under s 6(a) of the PCA, for accepting bribes from one
Leonard Glenn Francis (“Leonard”), the chief executive officer of Singapore-
incorporated Glenn Defense Marine (Asia) Pte Ltd (“GDMA”), to provide non-
public information on the US Navy to him. She also pleaded guilty to one
charge under s 47(1)(c) of the CDSA, for using the benefits of her criminal
conduct to acquire property. Five other charges were taken into consideration
for the purposes of sentencing.

Background

14 At the material time, Kaur was a Lead Contract Specialist of the US Navy
based at its Supply Systems Command Fleet Logistics Centre in Singapore
(“NAVSUP FLC Singapore”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Kaur’s SOF at para 2.

She performed duties of a senior contract specialist, and led a team of
contract specialists. She was authorised to enter into multi-million dollar
contracts on behalf of the US federal government. She therefore stood in a
position that required substantial trust, responsibility and accountability to
the US government. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Kaur’s SOF at para 15.

15 In the main, her role as a Lead Contract Specialist included managing
complex ship-husbanding contracts. This required her to draft and develop
contract requirements, strategise procurements, engage in sensitive foreign
country coordination and discussions at senior management levels, conduct pre-
award market surveys, solicit, negotiate and evaluate bids, evaluate quotes,
and assess performance after the services were provided. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Kaur’s SOF at para 16.

16 Kaur was subject to federal regulations which prohibited, inter alia: (a)
the disclosure of non-public information of the US Navy to external parties;
and (b) the acceptance of any bribe, gratuity and/or any form of benefits in
the course of employment. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Kaur’s SOF at para 17.

17 Kaur’s SOF also included the following information. In 2012, Leonard was
discovered to be bribing US Navy personnel with millions of dollars’ worth of
gifts 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Kaur’s SOF at para 7.

in order to, inter alia, divert US Navy vessels to ports in the Pacific and
South East Asia where GDMA had a presence, and supply classified and other
non-public information. This enabled GDMA to secure lucrative ship-husbanding
contracts to supply US Navy vessels at ports located in the region. GDMA also
overcharged for goods and services supplied at these ports, defrauding the US
Navy of about US$35 million. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Kaur’s SOF at para 5.

The investigations uncovered that the decade-long bribery and fraud conspiracy
extended to numerous countries, was the largest in the US Navy’s history, and
involved numerous US Navy personnel (including senior personnel). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Kaur’s SOF at para 4.

18 Kaur first became acquainted with Leonard sometime in 1999 to 2005 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Kaur’s SOF at para 13, 14, 19.

when she held a more junior rank. She had more significant interactions with
him after she was promoted to Lead Contract Specialist.

19 On numerous occasions from 2006 to 2013, Kaur initiated disclosure of non-
public information of the US Navy to Leonard. Such information included inter
alia, procurement-sensitive information, strategic information on new ship-
husbanding contracts, pricing strategy, price information of GDMA’s
competitors, the names of personnel on the contracts review board, and even
the questions posed by the review board to GDMA’s competitors. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Kaur’s SOF at para 20.

20 In return for the inside information, Kaur and Leonard had a shared
understanding that Kaur would be duly rewarded for providing non-public
information about the US Navy on an ongoing basis, with a view to ensuring
GDMA retained an advantage. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Kaur’s SOF at para 22.

As a result, Leonard could ensure that GDMA’s bids were competitive, so that
GDMA continued to secure lucrative ship-husbanding contracts with the US Navy.
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Kaur’s SOF at para 21.

21 Kaur took great efforts to conceal her illicit disclosure of information to
Leonard. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Kaur’s SOF at para 23.

I elaborate on this below at [153]. Furthermore, Kaur understood that, as
GDMA’s “insider” within NAVSUP FLC Singapore, she was expected to further
GDMA’s interests as far as possible and whenever the opportunity arose. On
numerous occasions, Kaur sought Leonard’s input on submissions she made to her
superiors, and written replies that she sent on behalf of the US Navy to
GDMA’s competitors in connection with potential or ongoing contracts with the
US Navy. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Kaur’s SOF at para 24.

22 In all, the inside information leaked by Kaur was linked to 16 US Navy
contracts. Of these 16, GDMA bid for 14, and was awarded 11 contracts worth a
total of about US$48 million.

4th charge

23 In December 2008, Leonard arranged for the delivery of a hamper containing
food, alcohol, and a red packet with S$50,000 in cash to Kaur. When Kaur asked
what the red packet was about, Leonard told her it was her “Christmas bonus”.
Kaur understood that the S$50,000 was a reward for the non-public US Navy
information she had supplied, and accepted it. This is the subject of
DAC-942782-2015, under s 6(a) of the PCA (“the 4th charge”).

6th and 7th charges

24 In 2009, Kaur wished to purchase a condominium unit worth more than S$1
million, but could not pay the option fee. She thus telephoned Leonard to ask
for S$50,000 cash, knowing he would agree. Leonard acceded, and arranged for
S$50,000 cash to be delivered to Kaur, which she accepted. This is the subject
of DAC-942784-2015, under s 6(a) of the PCA (“the 6th charge”).

25 Kaur then applied the cash towards the option fee. She subsequently resold
the unit at a profit of S$267,000. This is the subject of DAC-942785-2015,
pursuant to s 47(1)(c) punishable under s 47(6) of the CDSA (“the 7th
charge”).

9th charge

26 Sometime in July 2011, Kaur booked a resort stay in Bali, before
subsequently mentioning this resort stay to Leonard with the intention of
prompting Leonard to pay for it. She knew Leonard would offer to pay given
their corrupt agreement, and also because he had acceded to prior similar
requests. As expected, Leonard asked Kaur to forward the online reservation
details to him for him to settle payment, and she did so.

27 Thereafter, Kaur telephoned Leonard as the holiday was approaching but she
had not heard from him. Leonard assured her that he was looking into payment
arrangements. That same night, to prompt Leonard to make payment, Kaur emailed
Leonard a set of US Navy documents, which included:

(a) internal email correspondence between Kaur’s superiors about GDMA’s
services for port visits to Hong Kong and Singapore under a regional ship-
husbanding contract for Southeast Asia; and

(b) a draft letter by Kaur’s superior to GDMA expressing concerns on the
unsatisfactory service provided by GDMA.

Kaur did this to give Leonard an insight into her superiors’ concerns
regarding GDMA’s services in Hong Kong and Singapore, enabling him to prepare
a detailed response ahead of GDMA receiving the final letter from her
superior. That same day, Leonard made arrangements for Kaur’s resort stay to
be charged to his credit card. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Kaur’s SOF paras 41–46.

28 Kaur proceeded with the resort stay, charging various expenses to her room.
The total bill of S$14,977.74 was paid for by Leonard. This is the subject of
DAC-942787-2015, under section 6(a) of the PCA (“the 9th charge”).

Charges taken into consideration

29 Five further charges were taken into consideration as set out below. All
but one, ie, Kaur’s 4th TIC charge, are s 6(a) PCA offences, for gratification
corruptly obtained from Leonard as a reward for providing non-public US Navy
information to Leonard: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Kaur’s ROP, at pp 23–27.

Charge| Offence| Time of offence| Gratification  
---|---|---|---  
Kaur’s 1st TIC charge (DAC-942779-2015): | s 6(a) PCA| November 2006| Hotel stay priced at S$3,801.74  
Kaur’s 2nd TIC charge (DAC-942780-2015): | s 6(a) PCA| December 2007| Hotel stay priced at S$7,061.41  
Kaur’s 3rd TIC charge (DAC-942781-2015): | s 6(a) PCA| December 2007| Hotel stay priced at S$2,600.93  
Kaur’s 4th TIC charge (DAC-942783-2015): | s 47(1)(b) p/u s 47(6) CDSA| February 2009| Cash of S$50,000, being gratification corruptly accepted, applied to payment of an insurance policy  
Kaur’s 5th TIC charge (DAC-942786-2015): | s 6(a) PCA| February 2011| Hotel stay priced at S$1,836.42  
Total gratification amount involved in the s 6(a) TIC charges (excluding the
sum involved in the 4th TIC charge):| S$15,300.50  
  
Newton hearing on Kaur’s medical condition

30 In mitigation, Kaur raised the issue of her medical condition, and the
impact imprisonment would have on her. In this connection, a Newton hearing
was conducted to determine the precise nature of her medical condition. I
discuss the details below as they arise.

Voluntary disgorgement

31 For completeness, I should add that Kaur voluntarily disgorged
S$130,278.24, being the total sum of gratification received for all the
charges.

The decisions below

32 I turn to the respective sentencing decisions made in the courts below. On
the common issues, while the District Judge in Tan’s case rejected the
Prosecution’s proposed sentencing framework, the District Judge in Kaur’s case
adopted it. However, both rejected the suggestion that any public sector
consideration was at play.

Tan’s sentence

33 The District Judge held that Tan’s case was one of private sector
corruption (Tan Michael at [18]). The District Judge relied on the sentencing
approaches in Public Prosecutor v Ang Seng Thor [2011] 4 SLR 217 (“Ang Seng
Thor”) and Public Prosecutor v Syed Mostofa Romel [2015] 3 SLR 1166 (“Romel”),
which I consider in more detail below.

34 Based on the sentencing considerations in Ang Seng Thor, the District Judge
held that she “[did] not agree with the defence that [Tan’s] culpability [was]
on the low side”. In view of certain factors, she opined that the custodial
threshold had been crossed (Tan Michael at [23]–[26]).

35 In deciding on the appropriate length of the custodial sentence, the court
considered several offence-specific factors (Tan Michael at [31]–[36]). First,
the bribe amount was considered. The court initially stated that, taking into
account the TIC charges, Tan had “actually given bribes totalling S$20,000 and
promised another S$10,000”. Subsequently, the court stated that “considering
that Owyong [had] returned S$8,500, what [had] been paid out [was] actually
$1,500 and this by itself is not a large sum”. Hence, together with Tan’s 1st
TIC charge, “[Tan] has in effect paid a bribe amounting to $11,500”.

36 Second, the District Judge considered that Tan’s bribe to the APMM officers
was in relation to their duties, such that their enforcement functions will be
compromised. However, the District Judge took the view that Tan’s offences did
not have the potential to damage Singapore’s international reputation or
public administration, or to undermine confidence in Singapore’s port or
maritime industry. This was because Tan did not hold any important position in
the relevant industries, and the bribery was between individuals in their
private capacity (Tan Michael at [32]). The fact that the Aquatera07 was also
eventually not detained by APMM further underscored that confidence in the
industry was not undermined (Tan Michael at [33]).

37 Third, the District Judge stated that “[w]hile it can be interpreted [from
Tan’s SOF] … that [Tan] did initiate the transaction, the amount of $10,000
was fixed by … Owyong”. However, the District Judge held that the offence was
not committed in the spur of the moment, because Tan had initiated the prior
discussion on how to carry out his competitors’ sabotage. Instead, the
District Judge stated that “there was some degree of malice involved”, which
was aggravating (Tan Michael at [34]).

38 Fourth, the District Judge held that it would be a “stretch of the
imagination” to describe the number of offences as “sustained and persistent
offending” or “numerous and multiple in nature”. This was because, there were
only three offences occurring in the course of a year. Further, “[t]he fact
that the offences occurred some 2 years after he knew that Owyong was a fixer
… could possibly imply that [Tan] was able to restrain himself for at least 2
years”. Tan’s criminal conduct “cannot be viewed as extremely reprehensible”
(Tan Michael at [35]). Nevertheless, I note that earlier in her judgment, the
District Judge had described Tan as being “rather persistent in wanting the
vessel of CP to be detained” by APMM (Tan Michael at [24]).

39 Fifth, the District Judge considered that Tan had pleaded guilty at the
first available opportunity, thus showing his remorse. Tan was also a first
offender, and had been cooperative with the authorities – it was undisputed
that the offences only came to light due to Tan’s voluntary admissions in
unrelated investigations (Tan Michael at [37]).

40 The District Judge then turned to consider and distinguish the sentencing
precedents cited by the Prosecution (Tan Michael at [39]). Having considered
these factors, the District Judge sentenced Tan to four months’ imprisonment.
The District Judge rejected the Prosecution’s argument that a fine of S$8,500
should be imposed in addition to the custodial term, to disgorge Tan of the
“windfall” sum that was returned to him by Owyong. The District Judge held
that this was Tan’s own money, and was not benefit of any criminal conduct; an
additional fine was therefore not necessary (Tan Michael at [22]).

Kaur’s sentence

41 Turning to Kaur’s case, the District Judge adopted in full the
Prosecution’s proposed sentencing framework. This assumed the form of
sentencing bands which I set out at [106] below. The District Judge opined
that even if the adoption of a sentencing band approach would lead to a
“quantum leap” in sentences, it would be acceptable as previous sentences did
not reflect use of the full spectrum of punishment (Gursharan Kaur at [48]).

42 Applying the sentencing bands, the District Judge held (at [75]–[80]) that
there were four offence-specific factors applicable to all the proceeded
charges: abuse of trust and authority, premeditation and taking steps to avoid
detection, sustained offending, and a transnational character to the offences.
There was also an additional offence-specific factor applicable to the 4th and
6th charges – the high amount of gratification received (Gursharan Kaur at
[82]).

43 As Kaur had no criminal antecedents, the indicative starting points were as
follows:

(a) 4th charge: 18 months’ imprisonment;

(b) 6th charge: 22 months’ imprisonment, higher than that of the 4th charge
due to Kaur actively seeking out the gratification;

(c) 9th charge: 16 months’ imprisonment, as although Kaur had actively sought
out gratification, the amount involved was significantly lower than that in
the 6th charge.

44 These sentences were calibrated downwards to account for Kaur’s guilty plea
and voluntary disgorgement of the value of the bribes, and Kaur was sentenced
to a global imprisonment term of 33 months as follows (Gursharan Kaur at [85],
[94]–[95]):

(a) 4th charge: 12 months’ imprisonment, to run consecutively;

(b) 6th charge: 16 months’ imprisonment, to run consecutively;

(c) 9th charge: 10 months’ imprisonment, to run concurrently; and

(d) 7th charge under the CDSA: 5 months’ imprisonment, to run consecutively.

45 In coming to this conclusion, the District Judge held that Kaur’s medical
condition did not warrant the exercise of judicial mercy. Her condition was
not terminal, and imprisonment would not endanger her life. Neither did it
constitute a mitigating factor, as Kaur “would not face more than the usual
hardships” that accompany a custodial sentence. She would be provided
equivalent medical care, whether inside or outside prison (Gursharan Kaur at
[39]–[40]).

The parties’ cases

46 On appeal, these are the parties’ cases in brief.

Tan

47 The Prosecution’s case was that the sentencing approach was incorrect in
principle. This was not a case of private sector corruption, and the public
service rationale had in fact been triggered. As it had done before the
District Judge, the Prosecution put forth the proposed sentencing framework
for all corruption offences under ss 5 and 6 of the PCA. Based on the
application of this framework, the Prosecution sought for Tan’s custodial
sentence to be enhanced to 20 months’ imprisonment, arguing also that various
factors had been incorrectly weighed by the District Judge. The Prosecution
also submitted that a fine of S$8,500 should be imposed in addition to the
term of custody to disgorge the bribe money of the same amount that was
returned to Tan.

48 Tan argued that the sentence was manifestly excessive, and should instead
be reduced to a fine of no more than S$20,000. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Tan’s Written Submissions, at para 119.

Besides submitting that the District Judge had erred in several factual
findings, and that the District Judge had erred in weighing the various
factors, Tan also submitted that the District Judge erred in considering the
facts relating to the 1st TIC charge.

Kaur

49 In relation to Kaur, the Prosecution’s case was that that the District
Judge erred in finding that the public service rationale had not been
triggered, and in the calibration of the indicative starting point sentences
based on the sentencing framework. It sought an enhancement of the sentences
to the 4th, 6th and 9th charge to 18 months’, 20 months’ and 16 months’
imprisonment respectively, producing a global custodial term of 43 months.

50 Kaur argued that the District Judge had erred in adopting the Prosecution’s
sentencing band approach, and even if the bands were adopted, the doctrine of
prospective overruling should apply to prevent injustice to Kaur. Kaur further
argued that the sentence was based on a “mischaracterisation” of her offending
behaviour, and that her medical condition warranted the exercise of judicial
mercy or the conferring of mitigating weight.

The submissions of the amicus

51 In sum, the amicus submitted that the public service rationale is not
engaged where the recipient or intended recipient of a bribe is a foreign
public official, because the legislative intent of the PCA and the common law
objective of the public service rationale only sought to protect the interests
of Singapore’s public sector, and not the interests of foreign governments. It
would also be inappropriate to extend the scope of the public service
rationale to cover bribery of foreign public officials. That said, the bribery
of a foreign public official can be recognised as a distinct aggravating
factor.

Corruption offences within the PCA

52 Before addressing the specific issues put forth by the parties, it is
useful to make a few general observations about corruption offences within the
PCA. The PCA does not specifically provide for bribery of foreign public
officials. Such bribery falls within the ambit of ss 5 and 6, which are the
key provisions within the PCA. Here, Tan and Kaur have pleaded guilty to
different offences punishable under s 5(b)(i) and s 6(a) of the PCA
respectively.

53 For convenience, the relevant provisions are set out in full as follows:

Punishment for corruption

5. Any person who shall by himself or by or in conjunction with any other person —

(a) corruptly solicit or receive, or agree to receive for himself, or for any
other person; or

(b) corruptly give, promise or offer to any person whether for the benefit of
that person or of another person,

any gratification as an inducement to or reward for, or otherwise on account
of —

(i) any person doing or forbearing to do anything in respect of any matter or
transaction whatsoever, actual or proposed; or

(ii) any member, officer or servant of a public body doing or forbearing to do
anything in respect of any matter or transaction whatsoever, actual or
proposed, in which such public body is concerned,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to
both.

Punishment for corrupt transactions with agents

6. If —

(a) any agent corruptly accepts or obtains, or agrees to accept or attempts to
obtain, from any person, for himself or for any other person, any
gratification as an inducement or reward for doing or forbearing to do, or for
having done or forborne to do, any act in relation to his principal’s affairs
or business, or for showing or forbearing to show favour or disfavour to any
person in relation to his principal’s affairs or business;

(b) any person corruptly gives or agrees to give or offers any gratification
to any agent as an inducement or reward for doing or forbearing to do, or for
having done or forborne to do any act in relation to his principal’s affairs
or business, or for showing or forbearing to show favour or disfavour to any
person in relation to his principal’s affairs or business; or

(c) any person knowingly gives to an agent, or if an agent knowingly uses with
intent to deceive his principal, any receipt, account or other document in
respect of which the principal is interested, and which contains any statement
which is false or erroneous or defective in any material particular, and which
to his knowledge is intended to mislead the principal,

he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine
not exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or
to both.

54 Reading ss 5 and 6 together, there is a substantial degree of overlap
between the two offences. In Song Meng Choon Andrew v Public Prosecutor [2015]
4 SLR 1090 (“Andrew Song”) at [32], the High Court stated that considering
that both provisions prescribe the same punishment range, an argument may be
made “that ss 6(a) and 6(b) are actually otiose as they may both be subsumed
under s 5”. The court explained that this phenomenon is in fact a product of
the PCA’s historical origins. While s 6 “was first to find footing in the
corpus of the criminal law of Singapore”, s 5 was later introduced as a means
of providing wider powers to combat corruption (at [34]). Hence, “[a] court
should not be overly concerned with whether a charge is brought under s 5 or s
6” [emphasis added] (at [37]).

55 I agree with this observation. While s 6 relates to an agent’s corruption
in relation to his principal’s affairs, and s 5 relates to the bribery of “any
person” with regard to “any matter or transaction”, s 5 is wide enough to
capture an agent’s corruption as well. Indeed, notwithstanding the existence
of specific offences under ss 11 and 12 PCA for the bribery of Members of
Parliament or members of public bodies in relation to certain transactions,
the corruption of agents from the private sector, the local public sector and
foreign public sector may be prosecuted alike under ss 5 and 6 PCA. The same
prescribed maximum punishment would apply to them under ss 5 and 6. Hence, in
sentencing, the correct approach must be to focus on the specific facts giving
rise to the corrupt act. If two cases consisting of the same facts are brought
under ss 5 and 6 PCA respectively, then they should be viewed with equal
severity.

56 This consistency in treatment extends to the sub-provisions within s 5,
being Limb (i) (comprising ss 5(a)(i) and 5(b)(i)) and Limb (ii) (comprising
ss 5(a)(ii) and 5(b)(ii)). Limb (ii) refers to the situation where a “member,
officer or servant of a public body” [emphasis added] is involved as the agent
being influenced, while Limb (i) is phrased more broadly as relating to “any
person”. At first blush, this might seem that offences committed under Limb
(ii) are more serious than those under Limb (i). In fact, Tan’s submissions
allude to this. Specifically, Tan argued that the Prosecution could have
brought Tan’s charge under s 5(b)(ii). As the Prosecution chose to proceed
under s 5(b)(i), further consideration of any public sector element is
unnecessary. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Tan’s Written Submissions at para 79.

57 In this connection, my view is that the correct approach is that adopted in
Andrew Song at [35], where the court stated that “s 5(b)(ii) is in essence a
sub-set of s 5(b)(i)”, and the Prosecution may prefer charges under the more
general s 5(b)(i), even though it could otherwise have brought them under s
5(b)(ii). This does not preclude the public sector element from being
considered at the sentencing stage. Furthermore, the prescribed range of
punishment is the same whether charges are brought under Limb (i) or (ii).
Once again, the focus must be on the specific facts of the corrupt act, and
not on the precise provision within ss 5 and 6 which the charges are brought
under.

58 I digress to deal with Tan’s argument that the charge against him could
have been brought under s 5(b)(ii), which involves corruption of “any member,
officer or servant of a public body” [emphasis added]. “Public body” is
defined under s 2 of the PCA as being any body:

which has power to act under and for the purposes of any written law relating
to public health or to undertakings or public utility or otherwise to
administer money levied or raised by rates or charges in pursuance of any
written law; … [emphasis added]

In turn, s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed)
(“Interpretation Act”) provides that where the expression “written law”
appears in a statute, it means the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore,
and the statutes and subsidiary legislation “for the time being in force in
Singapore”. Therefore, the APMM does not fall within the definition of a
public body, and s 5(b)(ii) is not applicable to Tan.

59 I should add that Section 7 of the PCA does place on statutory footing
enhanced punishment for certain offences, increasing the maximum custodial
sentence to seven years “where the matter or transaction in relation to which
the offence was committed was a contract or a proposal for a contract with the
Government or any department thereof or with any public body …”. The
definition of “the Government” is not contained in the PCA, but it is defined
in the Interpretation Act as the Government of Singapore. I have set out the
definition of “public body” above. Rounding off, in my view, it is against
this legislative context that the common law has developed the public service
rationale.

Whether the public service rationale applies to corruption involving foreign
public officials

60 This brings me neatly to the first of the two common issues, ie, whether
the public service rationale applies to corruption involving foreign public
officials. The Prosecution argued that the District Judges had erred in
failing to find that the public service rationale was triggered. There is no
distinction in the culpability of a giver who bribes a local public official
to obtain a benefit and one who bribes a foreign public official to obtain the
exact same benefit. Neither is there any distinction in the culpability of the
recipient who is the local public official or the foreign public official. The
Prosecution said that both sets of circumstances involve the giver seeking to
undermine the legitimate operations of a government for his own benefit, and
involve a public official breaching trust placed in him by his government. As
the scope of the public service rationale has not been exhaustively
determined, the court can, and should extend the scope of the public service
rationale to such situations.

61 In response, Tan argues that an examination of local cases reveals that the
public service rationale only applies where an offence could lead to a loss of
confidence in Singapore’s public administration, and it does not cover a
situation where the recipient or intended recipient of a bribe is a foreign
public official. In addition, its scope should not be extended. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Tan’s Written Submissions, at para 69–84.

Kaur’s argument, sharing the same thrust, is that a “foreign public servant”
is “a creature that does not exist in Singapore law”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Kaur’s Written Submissions, at para 65.

The scope of the public service rationale

62 I now set out the scope of the public service rationale, which is an
aggravating factor to be considered for sentencing developed by common law. To
trace its origins, I turn to the case of Lim Teck Chye v Public Prosecutor
[2004] 2 SLR(R) 525 (“Lim Teck Chye”) at [57], where the term “public service
rationale” was first used to refer to cases of corruption “where the integrity
of public service and the administration of justice would be jeopardised by
the act of corruption involved” [emphasis added]. The court in Lim Teck Chye
went on to cite its judgment in Chua Tiong Tiong v Public Prosecutor [2001] 2
SLR(R) 515 (“Chua Tiong Tiong”) for an elaboration on the rationale. I cite
the passage at [17]–[19] more fully as follows:

17 I accepted the grave issue of public interest at stake in the present case.
Eradicating corruption in our society is of primary concern, and has been so
for many years. This concern becomes all the more urgent where public servants
are involved, whose very core duties are to ensure the smooth administration
and functioning of this country. Dependent as we are upon the confidence in
those running the administration, any loss of such confidence through
corruption becomes dangerous to its existence and inevitably leads to the
corrosion of those forces, in the present case the police force, which sustain
democratic institutions. I highlighted this in Meeran bin Mydin v PP [[1998] 1
SLR(R) 522], approving the words of the trial judge in that case (at [18]):

… Acts of corruption must be effectively and decisively dealt with. Otherwise
the very foundation of our country will be seriously undermined. …

18 In 1960, this very same position was emphasised by the then Minister for
Home Affairs when the PCA was presented before Parliament for its second
reading:

The Prevention of Corruption Bill is in keeping with the new Government
determination to stamp out bribery and corruption in the country, especially
in the public service. The Government is deeply conscious that a Government
cannot survive, no matter how good its aims and intentions are, if corruption
exists within its ranks and its public service on which it depends to provide
the efficient and effective administrative machinery to translate its policies
into action. …

19 Over the years, whilst we have had considerable success in keeping
mainstream corruption in check, there are still instances of corruption which
seep through our system. On my part, I have sought to deter corruption through
harsher punishment for lawbreakers in this area, but success has not been
total, and the Judiciary still hears a steady stream of such cases. In many
instances, the cases involve reprehensible public servants, contrary to their
responsibility of acting as instruments preserving the efficiency, peace and
stability of this nation. This not only erodes the confidence of the general
public in their duty of service, but also reflects poorly on those public
servants who stick by the law. Specifically for police officers, their role as
guardians of our streets, our crime-fighters, to police our society becomes a
ridicule.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

63 The Second Reading of the Prevention of Corruption Bill (Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (13 February 1960) vol 12), as cited in
Chua Tiong Tiong above, makes it clear that the impetus for its passage
through Parliament was the eradication of corruption within the public service
in the country. In moving the Bill, it was further stated clearly at col 377
(Ong Pang Boon, Minister for Home Affairs):

… Corruption on the part … of some must not be allowed to smirch the good name
of the present Government and the large majority of its civil servants.
Therefore, this Government is determined to take all possible steps to see
that all necessary legislative and administrative measures are taken to …
deter and punish severely those who are susceptible to it and engage in it
shamelessly.

Therefore, in this Bill, the government is asking for new and wider powers to
fight bribery and corruption. … The Bill, while directed mainly at corruption
in the public services, is applicable also to corruption by private agents …

[emphasis added]

64 As a result of the application of the public service rationale to cases of
public sector corruption, the sentencing outcome is that custodial sentences
are “typically attract[ed]” (Romel at [15]). In contrast, the court in Romel
has stated at [20] that where private sector agents are concerned, offences
involving a lower level of culpability – generally being those where the
amount of gratification is below S$30,000 and where there is no real detriment
to the interests of the principal – “can be dealt with by the imposition of
fines” [emphasis in original]. However, the courts have also taken pains to
stress that there is no presumption in favour of non-custodial sentences
whenever private sector corruption is involved (Romel at [20], Ang Seng Thor
at [39], Lim Teck Chye at [65]). Ultimately, what matters is the “specific
nature of corruption” [emphasis in original] presented by the facts of the
case (Romel at [20]).

65 The courts have also extended the public service rationale to particular
kinds of private sector corruption cases. In this regard, some examination of
the existing jurisprudence is warranted. The court in Ang Seng Thor at [33]
distilled the holding in Lim Teck Chye to the following propositions:

(a) The public service rationale refers to the public interest in preventing a
loss of confidence in Singapore’s public administration (see Chua Tiong Tiong
at [17]–[19]).

(b) Where there is a risk of this harm occurring, a custodial sentence is
normally justified …

(c) The [public service rationale] is presumed to apply where the offender is
a government servant or an officer of a public body, but it may also apply to
private sector offenders where the subject matter of the offence involves a
public contract or a public service. This includes private sector offences
that concern regulatory or oversight roles such as marine surveying (see Lim
Teck Chye … at [66]–[68]).

[emphasis added in bold italics]

66 Having summarised Lim Teck Chye, the court in Ang Seng Thor then stated
that the correct view should be that the public service rationale did not
extend to private sector corruption cases that merely result in loss of
confidence in strategic industries (at [34]):

… [A]lthough Yong CJ suggested in Lim Teck Chye at [68] that the public
service rationale included cases occasioning a loss of confidence in a
strategic industry such as the bunkering and maritime industry, subsequent
cases such as Wong Teck Long v PP [2005] 3 SLR(R) 488 … and Zhao Zhipeng have
clarified that such facts form a separate aggravating factor justifying
general deterrence (see Wong Teck Long at [36] in reference to the banking and
finance industry). … To bring this factor under the definition of the public
service rationale strikes me as making the latter too wide.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

67 Most recently, the court in Romel reaffirmed recognition of the extension
of the public service rationale to private sector corruption, and mentioned
cases where private agents handle public money as an example of private sector
activity implicating the public service rationale (at [24]). More important is
the application of preceding case law to the facts of Romel. The offender in
Romel was an employee of a private company, tasked with conducting inspections
of vessels seeking to enter an oil terminal. He faced two proceeded charges
under s 6(a) PCA, which related to his overlooking of vessel defects in
exchange for bribes. In holding that the public service rationale should not
apply in Romel, the court stated at [37]:

… While it is true that the present case involved a strategic industry, my
view was that it did not involve any regulatory or oversight considerations
that warranted the extension of the public service rationale. The arrangement
that had been put in place by the oil terminal was a purely commercial one
which the terminal operator had chosen to establish. This was not imposed on
the terminal by virtue of any government regulation or subsidiary legislation.
Nor was it evident why the terminal in this case had implemented such a
system. It was undoubtedly entitled to do so, but its motivation could have
been purely private in nature. In that light, I was unable to see how the
public service rationale could be extended. It is true that potentially
damaging economic and physical harm could have resulted from the Respondent’s
actions in this case. But that goes to a separate aggravating consideration.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

68 Romel and Ang Seng Thor are notable as they contain judicial pronouncements
of when the public service rationale should not apply. In Romel, the facts did
not involve the private agent offender performing a regulatory or oversight
role. The mere fact that Romel involved a strategic industry was insufficient,
which echoes the explicit pronouncement to the same effect in Ang Seng Thor,
albeit obiter. From such decisions, it is apparent that protection of the
public administration undergirds and explains why the courts have chosen to
extend the public service rationale to some cases of private sector corruption
(involving public contracts, management of public money, or provision of
public services), but not others (such as in Romel). This brings me to the
issue at hand, which is whose public administration the public service
rationale is concerned with.

Whether the public service rationale is applicable, or should be extended to
apply, to the corruption of foreign public officials

69 It is clear that the cases have not specifically ruled on whether the
public service rationale applies to the corruption of foreign public
officials. In my judgment, the corruption of foreign public officials does
not, and should not, fall within the ambit of the public service rationale. I
am guided by the legislative intent underlying the PCA, from which the common
law principle of the public service rationale has evolved.

70 The extracts from the Parliamentary debates (cited at [62]–[63] above)
reveal that the main legislative objective behind the enactment of the PCA was
to prevent corruption of Singapore’s public administration. The aim was to
eradicate corruption, especially in the public service, “in the country”, and
repeated reference was made to our Government’s recognition that our public
administration will lack efficacy if corruption existed within its ranks.
Against this backdrop, the provision for enhanced punishment within ss 7, 11
and 12 for certain types of public sector corruption (see above at [59]) makes
it clear that Parliament intended for corruption of Singapore’s public
administration to be dealt with by the imposition of enhanced penalties.

71 In Chua Tiong Tiong, specific reference was made to the Parliamentary
records of the Second Reading of the Prevention of Corruption Bill, and the
cases on public service rationale have made multiple allusions to the
Singapore public administration being harmed by the various acts of
corruption. I cite a few examples. In Chua Tiong Tiong at [17], the “grave
issue of public interest” identified was that a public servant, whose duty was
to ensure the administration of “this country”, was corrupt, thus threatening
the administration “we” are dependent on. In Ang Seng Thor at [33(c)], the
court even stated in no uncertain terms that “[t]he public service rationale
refers to the public interest in preventing a loss of confidence in
Singapore’s public administration” [emphasis added]. These are unmistakable
references to the direct stake that Singaporeans have in the public
administration of our country, the very public interest that was being
threatened. Therefore, while certain acts of corruption may have fallen
outside of the application of ss 7, 11 and 12, through the public service
rationale, the courts have recognised that these offences go towards
undermining confidence in Singapore’s public administration, and thus fall
within the same species of social ills deserving of more severe treatment.

72 Viewing the cases in their totality, I am of the view that the public
service rationale was developed with the protection of Singapore’s public
service in mind. That is the public interest at stake. It does not apply to
foreign public sector corruption. To extend its scope so as to fit cases
involving foreign public sector corruption would dilute the true purpose and
meaning of the principle. In this connection, I share the amicus’s observation
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

YAC’s submissions, at para 28.

that the public interest and the public service rationale are distinct. The
public interest is inextricably interwoven with the conventional sentencing
principles of retribution, deterrence, rehabilitation and prevention (Angliss
Singapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 at [21]–[22]). The
public service rationale is one manifestation of how the public interest –
that of protection of Singapore’s public service – has informed the sentencing
court. It would be wrong in principle to stretch it to apply to foreign public
sector corruption.

Whether the corruption of foreign public officials should be a distinct
aggravating factor

73 That being said, I note the Prosecution’s arguments on why the public
service rationale should be extended to cover foreign public sector
corruption. The Prosecution argued that, first, given the changing landscape
of commerce in Singapore, there is an increased presence of foreign public
officials within Singapore’s borders, and increased interactions between such
officials and private sector agents, resulting in increased prevalence of
transnational corruption. Second, maintaining a high standard of conduct for
all public officials, local or foreign, is important to maintain Singapore’s
international reputation for a having a clean and incorrupt system. Third,
drawing a distinction and setting a double standard would be inconsistent with
Singapore’s international commitment against transnational bribery and
corruption.

74 In this regard, I am of the view that the Prosecution’s arguments are made
with a particular dilemma in mind – either the public service rationale is
extended to apply to cases of foreign public sector corruption such that these
concerns can be dealt with, or it does not, leaving these concerns
unaddressed. However, there is another more principled option so as to give
due regard to these concerns. Indeed, as the amicus helpfully pointed out, the
bribery of foreign public officials does implicate Singapore’s public
interest, and that it cannot be said to be akin to “merely commercial” cases
of corruption; it is “clearly an aggravating factor that a foreign public
official has been suborned” [emphasis added]. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

YAC’s submissions, at para 50.

75 I agree with the amicus. My view is that the appropriate course is to
recognise the corruption of foreign public officials as an aggravating factor
distinct from the public service rationale. Recognition of the corruption of
foreign public officials as a separate aggravating factor is grounded in the
public interest. However, this public interest is distinct from that
underlying the public service rationale. In this connection, I draw from the
factors raised by the amicus and the Prosecution. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

YAC’s submissions, at paras 31–42; Prosecution’s Submissions (Tan), at paras
54–59.

76 The first factor is that the corruption of a foreign agent within
Singapore’s borders is a significant threat to Singapore’s international
reputation for incorruptibility. This was recognised in Ding Si Yang v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal [2015] 2 SLR 229 (“Ding Si Yang”), a case
bearing some significance as it dealt with how the bribery of foreign
(private) officials should be dealt with under the PCA. Ding Si Yang concerned
the giving of gratification to foreign football match officials in Singapore
for the purposes of match-fixing under s 5(b)(i) of the PCA. Having recognised
that Singapore had recently acquired “an insalubrious reputation as a haven
for match-fixers”, (at [42]), the court proceeded to state at [60] that:

… The very fact that Ding had attempted to corrupt a number of foreign match
officials who officiate international matches would no doubt reinforce the
unfortunate global perception of Singapore as a haven for match-fixing. As the
Prosecution argues, the harm to Singapore’s reputation is increased “when a
Singaporean offender is seen to export corruption in sport beyond our shores”.
The trial judge was right to take the damage to Singapore’s reputation and
image into consideration as the nation’s international reputation and standing
must be jealously safeguarded at all times.

[emphasis added]

77 While the above holding in Ding Si Yang was in respect of corruption of a
foreign agent in the private sector, it is broadly applicable to the
corruption of foreign public officials. Corruption of foreign public officials
would fall under the PCA in two circumstances, where a Singaporean bribes a
foreign public official anywhere in the world (by virtue of the PCA’s
extraterritorial reach as provided for in s 37(1) PCA), and where a foreign
public official is bribed in Singapore. Just as how concerns to preserve
Singapore’s reputation as a prime international sporting venue applied in Ding
Si Yang whether the match fixed was within or outside Singapore (at [35]),
there are similar concerns of Singapore’s international reputation being
marred in the above two circumstances. In the former circumstance, it may
appear to the international community that corruption in the public sector is
being “export[ed] beyond our shores”, while in the latter circumstance, the
impression may be created that Singapore is a “haven” for the corruption of
foreign public officials. The threat to Singapore’s international reputation
is thus a harm to Singapore that has to be accounted for.

78 The second factor is that of Singapore’s international obligations to
combat transnational corruption, which undermines public institutions and
values. This is relevant in my determination of the issue, as I accept the
Prosecution’s reliance on Yong Vui Kong v Public Prosecutor [2010] 3 SLR 489,
which states at [59] that “domestic law … should, as far as possible, be
interpreted consistently with Singapore’s legal obligations”.

79 I pause to note that the amicus has raised the 1997 Organisation for
Economic Co-operation and Development Convention on Combating Bribery of
Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions (“OECD
Convention”). However, I consider this to be of little direct relevance to the
present purposes of discovering any of Singapore’s legal obligations, as
Singapore is not a party to it.

80 Instead, what is of direct relevance is the United Nations Convention
Against Corruption (“UNCAC”), which Singapore has signed and ratified, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Prosecution’s Submissions (Tan’s case), at para 55.

thus endorsing its goals and accepting its obligations. The UNCAC is the first
international and legally binding instrument in the fight against corruption,
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Technical Guide to the United Nations Convention Against Corruption (United
Nations, 2009) at p xvii.

and entered into force for Singapore on 6 December 2009. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

“Country Review Report of Singapore”, Conference of the States Parties to the
United Nations Convention against Corruption (2015) at para 7.

Its objectives include promoting, facilitating, and supporting international
cooperation and technical assistance in the prevention of and the fight
against corruption. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, ‘Signature and Ratification Status’
(accessed 1 June 2019).

81 Turning to the provisions of the UNCAC, the preamble states that States
Parties share the concern that “corruption is no longer a local matter but a
transnational phenomenon that affects all societies and economies, making
international co-operation to prevent and control it essential”. States
Parties further recognise that corruption “undermin[es] the institutions and
values of democracy”.

82 Indeed, quite apart from the threat to Singapore’s reputation as a
corruption-free country (as discussed above at [77]), the corruption of
foreign public officials causes a distinct mischief recognised by the UNCAC –
the undermining of a foreign country’s public administration, and prejudicing
transnational efforts to fight corruption. The Canadian case of R v Griffiths
Energy International [2013] AJ No 412, a sentencing judgment for an offence of
bribing a foreign public official under s 3(1) of the Canadian Corruption of
Foreign Public Officials Act, SC 1998, c 34 (Can), recognised these
considerations, phrasing it as follows at [8]–[9]:

The bribing of a foreign official by a Canadian company is a serious matter
... such bribes, besides being an embarrassment to all Canadians, prejudice
Canada's efforts to foster and promote effective governmental and commercial
relations with other countries; and where, as here, the bribe is to an
official of a developing nation, it undermines the bureaucratic or
governmental infrastructure for which the bribed official works.

Accordingly, the penalty imposed must be sufficient to show the Court's
denunciation of such conduct as well as provide deterrence to other potential
offenders.

[emphasis added]

83 Another facet of policy is provided by the Hong Kong Final Court of Appeal
decision of B v The Commissioner of the Independent Commission Against
Corruption [2010] HKCFA 4 at [21]:

Unsurprisingly the legislative history shows that the legislature’s principal
concern was public sector corruption in Hong Kong. That is only be expected.
But it does not suggest that criminalising and prosecuting the bribery here of
foreign officials is a course that the legislature has set its face against.
Such a course makes a positive and important contribution to the worldwide
struggle against corruption, an endeavour inherently and highly dependent on
cross-border cooperation. Acting cooperatively, each jurisdiction properly
protects itself and other jurisdictions from the scourge of corruption and
other serious criminal activity. For Hong Kong in particular, criminalising
and prosecuting the bribery here of foreign officials deters corruption here
and helps to avoid the growth here of a culture of corruption. [emphasis
added]

84 I acknowledge that Canada, unlike Singapore, is a signatory to the OECD
Convention, Article 3(1) of which provides for punishing the bribery of
foreign officials with a “range” of penalties “comparable” to that applicable
to the bribery of the respective country’s own public officials. Further, the
Hong Kong decision above was made in the context of finding that it was an
offence for a bribe to be offered in Hong Kong to a foreign public official
outside Hong Kong in relation to his public duties in that foreign country,
and not in relation to sentencing. Nevertheless, the reasoning in these cases
applies to explain why offences of corruption of foreign officials are
distinguishable from merely commercial corruption offences.

85 To summarise, these are the non-exhaustive aspects of the public interest
in cases of corruption involving foreign public officials:

(a) Corruption of a foreign public official within Singapore’s borders
threatens Singapore’s international reputation for incorruptibility, by
creating an impression that Singapore is a “haven” for the corruption of
foreign public officials.

(b) Corruption of a foreign public official outside of Singapore by a
Singaporean threatens Singapore’s international reputation for
incorruptibility, by creating the appearance that corruption in the public
sector is being exported beyond our shores.

(c) Corruption of a foreign public official undermines a foreign country’s
public administration, which run contrary to Singapore’s obligations and
efforts to combat transnational corruption.

(d) Corruption of a foreign public official, whether by a Singaporean or
within Singapore’s borders, risks fostering a culture of corruption in
Singapore.

86 At this juncture, I deal with Tan’s submissions relating to the UNCAC,
which broadly object to the recognition of corruption of a foreign public
official as any sort of aggravating factor. Tan argued that the UNCAC only
requires that a “specific criminal offence” of corruption of foreign public
officials be established, and not as an aggravating factor at sentencing. To
treat the corruption of a foreign public official as an aggravating factor,
instead of “as an offence in itself”, would give undue weight to its severity.
It may be beyond the court’s proper powers for it to decide on “how Singapore
ought to rightly incorporate its international legal obligations
domestically”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Tan’s Written Submissions, at paras 76–78.

87 In my view, the objection is unmeritorious. First, it is pertinent to note
that the UNCAC does not require that a specific criminal offence be created
for the corruption of foreign public officials. What is required under Article
16(1) of the UNCAC is that each State Party ensures that the corruption of
foreign public officials is a criminal offence. This is clearly achieved by ss
5 and 6 of the PCA being broad enough to capture such corruption. There is
therefore no issue of the court, in giving the involvement of a foreign public
official aggravating weight, making any determination of how Singapore fulfils
Article 16(1) of the UNCAC.

88 Second, I take notice of Articles 26(4) and 30(1) of the UNCAC, which state
as follows:

Article 26. Liability of legal persons

…

4\. Each State Party shall, in particular, ensure that legal persons held
liable in accordance with this article are subject to effective, proportionate
and dissuasive criminal or non-criminal sanctions, including monetary
sanctions.

…

Article 30. Prosecution, adjudication and sanctions

1\. Each State Party shall make the commission of an offence established in
accordance with this Convention liable to sanctions that take into account the
gravity of that offence.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

89 By these provisions, the UNCAC requires that the gravity of the offence be
taken into account in sentencing. As explained in the Technical Guide to the
United Nations Convention Against Corruption (United Nations, 2009) at p 83,
the UNCAC does not specify the severity of sanctions, whether criminal or
civil, as it acknowledges that penalties for similar crimes diverge across
jurisdictions, reflecting diverging national traditions and policies.
Nonetheless, the UNCAC emphasises that appropriate measures “shall” be put in
place to ensure that, “whether through fines, imprisonment or other penalties,
the punishment reflects the [gravity] of the offence”. In coming to its
decision, the sentencing court is thus not precluded from considering the
corruption of foreign public officials as aggravating.

90 Another objection Tan raised against treating the corruption of a foreign
public official as an aggravating factor is that the sentencing courts would
be placed in an untenable position of having to examine the legality of the
offending act under the laws of the foreign public official’s home country.
This is because it is only if the offending act is also illegal in the foreign
country that the court can treat it as an aggravating factor. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Tan’s Written Submissions, at para 69(ii).

One example Tan provided was that “facilitation payments” may not be
criminalised in the home country of the foreign public official, although they
are criminalised under the PCA. The treatment of the offence as aggravated may
thus be inconsistent, depending on where the foreign public official is from.

91 I am not convinced by such an argument. First, it is an incorrect
assumption that the corruption of foreign public officials can only be
aggravating if the offending act is also illegal in the other country. In all
cases prosecuted in Singapore, criminal jurisdiction would have been
established in one of two circumstances, where a Singaporean bribes a foreign
public official anywhere in the world and where a foreign public official is
corrupted in Singapore (see above at [77]). In both instances, the public
interests of Singapore are implicated, as (a) we have an interest in
preventing Singaporeans from engaging in acts of corrupting any foreign public
official; and (b) we have an interest in preventing Singapore from becoming a
haven for corruption of foreign public officials. Second, the non-criminal
nature of “facilitation payments” under the relevant foreign law is not
determinative of the court’s assessment of harm done. The role of the
sentencing court will be to assess the extent of harm to the foreign public
administration, criminal liability having been established under Singapore
laws. Should the particular circumstances of the relevant foreign country be
germane in determining such harm, then such facts will be considered
accordingly.

92 To sum up, I am of the view that the fact that a foreign public official is
the recipient or intended recipient of a bribe is an aggravating factor, due
to the policy considerations such offences implicate. This does not entail an
extension of the public service rationale, and the sentencing jurisprudence
developed in relation to the public service rationale will not directly apply.
I also acknowledge that such corruption cases involving foreign public
officials form a distinct category of cases. Certainly, such cases are not
purely commercial in nature, and do not fall within the category of private
sector corruption. They also do not neatly fall within the category of public
sector corruption cases which has been limited to the local context.
Nonetheless, what can be said is that both local public sector corruption and
corruption involving foreign public officials should share the same starting
point of a custodial sentence. Beyond that, whether cases involving the public
service rationale are suitable precedents for corruption cases involving
foreign public officials will be entirely fact-dependent.

93 For completeness, I should stress that for now, this aggravating factor
arises in the scenario where a foreign public official is the recipient or the
intended recipient of the bribe. Whether, like the public service rationale,
there should be any extension of this to private sector agents in the
circumstances as set out at [65] above remains to be considered. Furthermore,
as far as possible, and for consistency, I have used the term “foreign public
official” to refer to the recipient or intended recipient throughout this
judgment, rather than “foreign public servant” or “foreign public officer”.
This is because the UNCAC has a definition of “foreign public official” which
includes “any person exercising a public function for a foreign country,
including for a public agency or public enterprise”. To my mind, “foreign
public official” would include any employee of a foreign government. More is
said of this at [149] below. No doubt, the precise bounds of the scope of this
group of recipients or intended recipients will be developed and delineated in
subsequent cases based on their precise facts.

Whether to formulate a sentencing framework for all corruption offences

94 I turn to the issue of whether a sentencing framework should be established
for corruption offences under ss 5 and 6 of the PCA, and if so, what form that
should take.

95 Given the discussion immediately above that there should be consistent
treatment towards sentencing for offences under ss 5 and 6 of the PCA at
[54]–[57] above, prima facie, it seems that it may be appropriate to do so. In
this regard, the Prosecution provided two key reasons for proposing a
sentencing framework – (a) the courts in past corruption cases have failed to
engage the full spectrum of punishment; and (b) there are no guideline
sentencing judgments for corruption cases. The Prosecution argued that the
complex and diverse nature of corruption offences do not militate against the
development of a sentencing framework. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions (Tan), para 23.

Tan and Kaur disagree.

96 Having considered the parties’ arguments and the precedent cases, I
conclude that it is not appropriate to formulate a general sentencing
framework for ss 5 and 6 PCA offences.

97 Turning to reason (a) offered by the Prosecution, I am not convinced that
the courts have not been using the full range of sentences as prescribed. The
Prosecution had cited several cases in which “the full spectrum of punishment”
had not been engaged. However, first, these are but a handful in the sea of
available precedents. Without the opportunity to examine the case law
holistically, I hesitate to make the same claim the Prosecution makes. In
addition, I am in agreement with the District Judge in Tan’s case that the
Prosecution’s argument seems to be premised on their view that there are
several egregious cases where the sentences were insufficient. This is despite
the fact that these sentences had either been passed without appeal from the
Public Prosecutor, or had been upheld on appeal. There is insufficient
analysis to show that the full spectrum of punishment had not been considered
by the sentencing courts.

98 In respect of the reason (b) offered by the Prosecution, as the Prosecution
acknowledged, corruption offences are diverse and complex in nature. The
different circumstances range from corruption of local public officials,
foreign public officials, private sector officials performing a public
function or using public funds, and private sector officials performing
“purely commercial” functions. This is further illustrated by the fact that,
even within the classification of “private sector” corruption, there are three
non-exhaustive categories of offences as recognised in Romel where the public
service rationale is applicable (discussed below at [100]). The purpose of the
bribes may vary widely, such as for match-fixing, for awards of contracts, for
business authorisations or licenses, for expedition of delays, for leniency
with regulatory checks or for protection from investigation or prosecution.
Indeed, the words of the court in Romel are apposite, that “sentencing,
especially in the context of corruption, is an intensely factual exercise” (at
[31]).

99 Despite the fact-specific exercise involved, a rich body of sentencing
precedents provides much-needed guidance in setting out factors and categories
to guide a sentencing court’s decision. The main overarching sentencing
considerations in corruption cases are deterrence and retribution (Ang Seng
Thor at [33]). The courts have recognised numerous offence-specific factors
relevant to sentencing, which I non-exhaustively summarise as follows:

(a) The value of the gratification:

(i) This is linked to both the culpability of the offender, and the harm
caused by the offence. In terms of harm, the greater the value of the
gratification, the greater the corrupt influence exerted on the receiver, and
larger bribes tend to lead receivers to commit greater transgressions (Ang
Seng Thor at [46]). In terms of culpability, the value of the gratification
usually reflects the degree of illegitimate advantage the giver wishes to
secure through the bribe. The value of gratification demanded or accepted also
reflects the greed of the receiver for monetary gain, and hence his
culpability. However, the link between the size of the gratification and
culpability must be established on the facts (Ang Seng Thor at [47]).

(ii) As cautioned by the court in Ding Si Yang (at [13] of Annex A), the value
of gratification must be considered in context – as the rational giver of a
bribe will give the minimum amount necessary to compromise the recipient, the
gratification sum may only be indicative of the appetite of the recipient, and
not necessarily the giver’s culpability. Further, given the evidential value
of the gratification sum in determining the harm and culpability involved,
where there is clear evidence relating to the giver’s motives, expected gains
and likely resulting harm, the sentencing judge must be careful that his
weighing of the bribe amount does not lead to double counting (Ding Si Yang at
[14] of Annex A).

(iii) In Romel, the court stated (at [20]) that in cases of private sector
corruption, offences which register a lower level of culpability are
“generally those where [inter alia] the amount of gratification is below
$30,000” [emphasis in original].

(iv) While Romel does not create a rule that cases involving bribes less than
S$30,000 should only attract a fine, the amount of gratification is not “just
one of the factors” to be considered. It is an important factor, carrying
extra-ordinary weight as it “correlates with the harm caused by the bribe and
the need to deter the creation of a corrupt business culture at the highest
level of commerce” (Heng Tze Yong [2017] 5 SLR 976 (“Heng Tze Yong”) at
[24]–[25]).

(b) Consequences of the corruption:

(i) Where there are broader consequences of the corruption, the policy
considerations implicated are relevant factors (Ang Seng Thor at [33(d)]). One
of the most significant policy considerations – the public sector rationale –
is triggered depending on whether the offence was one of public sector or
private sector corruption, which I have previously discussed in detail (see
[64] above in particular). Beyond the general undermining of the integrity and
trust in Singapore’s public administration, other more specific policy
considerations might be implicated, such as where corrupt acts have the effect
or risk of “perverting the course of justice or affecting public health and
safety” (Public Prosecutor v Marzuki bin Ahmad and another appeal [2014] 4 SLR
623 (“Marzuki”) at [28(c)], [31]), or a loss of confidence in a strategic
industry (Ang Seng Thor at [34]). Wong Teck Long v Public Prosecutor [2005] 3
SLR(R) 488 at [36] (cited with approval in Romel at [51]) found that
“[f]reedom from corruption is undoubtedly a magnet that attracts and assures”
clients in Singapore’s fast-growing banking and financial industry, and hence
safeguarding the public confidence in the industry’s integrity required
deterrent punishment. This factor is also discussed above at [66]. Where the
gratification is given to enforcement officials to avoid detection and
punishment for certain criminal activities, the broader impact is the adverse
impact on law and order in the country (Marzuki at [33]).

(ii) Where the corruption directly implicates the interest of a principal (of
the recipient), whether there is real detriment to the interests of that
principal is a relevant consideration (Romel at [20]). One example is Heng Tze
Yong, where the offender paid bribes to a private company’s manager to secure
awards of supply contracts. The court held that while the principal company
was deprived of the opportunity to consider quotations from other competitors,
there was no real loss suffered by the principal, as it was still generally
satisfied with the products and services provided under the contract awarded.
The absence of real detriment to the principal is one factor indicating that
the case falls short of the custodial threshold (Romel at [20], Heng Tze Yong
at [29]). Where the offender’s actions potentially result in damaging economic
and physical harm, this is an aggravating consideration (Romel at [37]). Such
was the case in Romel, where defective vessels were allowed entry to an oil
terminal, placing lives and property at risk (Romel at [44]).

(c) Motivation of the offender: where the offender is the giver of the
gratification, it is relevant to his culpability to consider the nature of his
motivations. It is aggravating where the motivation was to facilitate and
conceal criminal acts (Public Prosecutor v Tay Sheo Tang Elvilin [2011] 4 SLR
206 (“Tay Sheo Tang Elvilin”) at [22]).

(d) The web of corruption or broader syndicate operations: the number of
people drawn into the “web of corruption” is a relevant factor (Ang Seng Thor
at [33(d)]). In the case of Tay Sheo Tang Elvilin, it was aggravating that the
offender, a police officer, had drawn several fellow officers into a “web of
corruption”. This has also been treated as an aggravating factor (Ding Si Yang
at [73]), where the offender (charged for his match-fixing in Singapore) was
found to be a member of a match-fixing syndicate.

(e) The extent of premeditation and sophistication: Premeditation of the
offence is a relevant sentencing factor in terms of culpability, and the
degree of sophistication in avoiding detection reflects the degree of
premeditation involved (Ding Si Yang at [71]). As elaborated in Logachev
Vladislav v Public Prosecutor [2018] 4 SLR 609 (“Logachev”) at [56], the
presence of planning and premeditation “evinces a considered commitment
towards law-breaking and therefore reflects greater criminality”.
Sophistication which makes an offence more difficult to detect is also
deserving of a deterrent sentence (Logachev at [58]).

(f) Duration of offending: where the offences are committed over a long period
of time, even where the total amount of gratification is relatively low,
custodial sentences have been meted out (as in Public Prosecutor v Chang Kar
Yang [2006] SGDC 85 involving six charges and a total gratification of
S$18,000, cited in Ang Seng Thor at [63]).

(g) Role of the offender:

(i) The starting point is that the giver and receiver of the gratification
ought to receive similar sentences, except where one party is more culpable
than the other (Chua Tiong Tiong at [21]; Ding Si Yang at [79]) and where the
circumstances of each offender are different (Marzuki at [45]).

(ii) The corrupt recipient’s seniority and position within the principal
organisation, and the nature of the duty owed to that organisation, which duty
was compromised by the offender’s corrupt act, are relevant (Marzuki at
[28(d)]).

(iii) The level of control enjoyed by the recipient over whether any action
would be taken or forborne to be taken as a result of his corrupt act, are
relevant (Marzuki at [28(e)]).

(iv) Whether the corrupt transaction was initiated by the offender: In Heng
Tze Yong, the court stated that “there must be some difference in …
culpability between a giver who initiated the corrupt transaction and a giver
who merely succumbed to the solicitation and pressure of the recipient” (at
[34]). One reason why Romel’s third category (see below at [100]–[101]) would
largely deserve a custodial sentence is a recognition that that receiving
parties who solicit gratification are more culpable. That being said, it bears
reiteration that the court must pay ultimate heed to the context in which the
solicitation takes place. Despite the payer usually initiating the transaction
in Romel’s first category, there is no presumption that the custodial
threshold is crossed (Menon CJ in Thor Chi Tiong v Public Prosecutor
Magistrate’s Appeal No 9123 of 2016 (7 November 2016), referred to in Heng Tze
Yong at [33]).

(h) Transnational nature of the offence: This element was recognised in Ding
Si Yang as aggravating (at [53]), as it was recognised that the transnational
nature of an offence results in additional hurdles to the prosecution of those
offenders (eg, additional difficulty securing witnesses to cooperate and
testify). Furthermore, I note another aspect in Public Prosecutor v Law Aik
Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“Law Aik Meng”) at [42], where the court stated that
where the offender was “part of a foreign syndicate which had systematically
targeted … Singapore to carry out its criminal activities” [emphasis in
original], and it was the audacity and daring of such a cross-border scheme
that was aggravating and deserved denunciation.

(i) Whether the corrupt conduct was endemic (Ang Seng Thor at [33(d)]; Ding Si
Yang at [54]).

100 The court in Romel (at [26]) further contributed to this existing
jurisprudence three broad and non-exhaustive categories of private sector
corruption cases, which I cite:

(a) First, where the receiving party is paid to confer on the paying party a
benefit that is within the receiving party’s power to confer, without regard
to whether the paying party ought properly to have received that benefit. This
is typically done at the payer’s behest.

(b) Second, where the receiving party is paid to forbear from performing what
he is duty bound to do, thereby conferring a benefit on the paying party. …
This also is typically done at the payer’s behest.

(c) Third, where a receiving party is paid so that he will forbear from
inflicting harm on the paying party, even though there may be no lawful basis
for the infliction of such harm. This is typically done at the receiving
party’s behest.

[emphasis in original]

101 Cases in the third category will generally result in a custodial sentence
for the receiving party, as the corruption is characterised by the receiving
party’s heightened culpability – in seeking out payment of a bribe, and his
threat to illegitimately inflict harm on the paying party if the bribe is not
paid – and the resulting interference with the paying party’s legitimate
rights unless he pays the bribe (Romel at [29]–[30]). Cases in the second
category will frequently attract custodial sentences for the receiving party,
reflecting the receiving party’s compromise of his duty or betrayal of trust
(Romel at [23], [28]). As for cases in the first category, whether they cross
the custodial threshold for the receiving party will depend on the facts
(Romel at [27]). These categories also show that it is the interplay of
factors which determines whether a custodial sentence is warranted, affirming
the fact-specific sentencing of corruption offences as discussed above.

102 It is critical to note that although there have been many sentencing
precedents, there has only been one endeavour to set out a sentencing
framework in Ding Si Yang. The sentencing framework was formulated with narrow
application to cases of football match-fixers convicted under s 5 of the PCA.
It is important to understand how specific and fact-sensitive this framework
is. In devising the framework, the court had to cater for the football
competition or league that the match-fixer was trying to fix, using the
Singapore Premier League and the FIFA World Cup as two ends of the spectrum of
popularity/level of the game, but leaving future sentencing judges to consider
where other types of football competitions fall along the spectrum.
Furthermore, the guideline sentences were designed based on numerous
assumptions which had to be made, while other several factors were not
accounted for within the framework (set out at [5]–[15] of Annex A of Ding Si
Yang). Apart from this, no precedent case, including those as recent as Romel
and Heng Tze Yong, has attempted to set forth a sentencing framework for
corruption offences generally.

103 In this connection, it is useful for me to refer to another context, where
the High Court considered what sentencing guidance to provide for offences
under s 182 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) which criminalises the
giving of false information to public servants. In Koh Yong Chiah v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 3 SLR 447 (“Koh Yong Chiah”), the High Court, comprising
three judges, refrained from setting out a framework because of the broad
nature of the offence, and found it appropriate to stop at giving broad
guidance as to the type of cases that generally would attract a custodial
sentence as a starting point. The court elaborated as follows:

34 … [I]t can be seen that s 182 would encompass a wide range of misconduct in
different circumstances. While certain fact patterns stand out, and while the
sentences imposed in cases bearing similar fact patterns may be rationalised,
it is doubtful if a single sentencing framework would ever be adequate to
cater to the full range of different factual scenarios.

…

48 In our judgment, it is difficult to categorise s 182 offences based on a
set of “principal factual elements”. The way in which the offence may be
committed, the offender’s motivation and the outcome of a s 182 offence can
take a wide variety of shapes and forms. In particular, we find it difficult
to define in the abstract a uniform set of factors that allows us to
categorise an offender’s degree of culpability for s 182 offences and in turn
the appropriate punishment. For example, the significance of the fact that a
lie was repeatedly told, or that the offender may have had an intention to
reap personal benefit, must be assessed in context before the extent to which
these factors aggravate the offence can be assessed. [For instance], a public
servant may have repeatedly lied to his superiors about not being the one who
did not turn off the printer or the lights in the office. This is however
unlikely to be treated by the courts as a serious criminal offence. …

[emphasis in original]

104 Likewise, having considered the matter in the round, I decline to devise a
general sentencing framework for all corruption offences under ss 5 and 6. The
wide variety of acts caught by ss 5 and 6 PCA would make crafting of a single
sentencing framework applicable to all such offences an extremely challenging
task. In the words of the High Court in Koh Yong Chiah, I am highly doubtful
that “a single sentencing framework would ever be adequate to cater to the
full range of different factual scenarios.” The context in which the
corruption occurs will affect how other aggravating factors present are to be
weighed. Factors such as the size of gratification offered or the duration of
offending may vary in severity depending on the public/private nature of the
offence, or the motivation of the giver of the gratification.

105 In line with the many sentencing precedents, I would adopt the approach of
articulating, developing and clarifying the categories and factors for
consideration by sentencing courts. In the present cases, as stated at [92], I
find that corruption involving a foreign public official is aggravating, and
that where such an aggravating factor is present, the starting point would be
a custodial sentence. Within this category of offences, the factors I have
identified at [99] apply as well. I add that, as the Prosecution pointed out,
while the factor at [99(h)] ie, the transnational nature of the offence, does
not overlap entirely with the corruption of foreign public officials, care
must be taken that there should not be any double-counting. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions (Kaur) at para 40(d).

The Prosecution’s proposed sentencing framework

106 That said, I briefly discuss the Prosecution’s proposed framework, as it
illustrates the difficulties of formulating such a framework for corruption
offences. Essentially, the Prosecution has adapted 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions (Tan), at footnote 108.

the sentencing bands and corresponding indicative sentences used in the case
of GBR v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2018] 3 SLR 1048 (at [31]),
involving aggravated outrage of modesty under s 354(2) of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed) – an offence which has the same prescribed maximum
imprisonment term as the ss 5 and 6 corruption offences. It broadly comprises
four steps: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions (Tan), at para 34 and Annex A.

(a) Step 1: Identify the significant offence-specific factors which are
relevant in the case.

(b) Step 2: Classify the offence into one of four sentencing bands based on
the number of offence-specific factors present. Each band corresponds to an
indicative starting point sentence. The proposed bands are as follows:

Band| Offence-specific factors| Starting Point Sentence  
---|---|---  
1| Less than two| Fine  
2| Two or more| Imprisonment of up to one year  
3| Four or more| Imprisonment of one to three years  
4| Six or more| Imprisonment of three to five years  
  
In exceptional cases, the court may decide on an indicative starting point
which falls outside the band, although cogent reasons should be given in such
a case.

(c) Step 3: Adjust the indicative starting point sentence to account for
offender-specific factors, such as remorse or criminal antecedents.

(d) Step 4: Further adjust the sentence to take into the account the totality
principle where an offender faces multiple charges, to ensure that the global
sentence is not crushing.

Drawing upon the cases which I have summarised at [99] above, 11 offence-
specific factors were put forth by the Prosecution.

107 One fundamental premise of the proposed approach is that each offence-
specific factor listed above carries somewhat similar (if not equal) weight.
The emphasis is more on the number of factors present, and less on the quality
of each of the factors present. However, in the unique context of corruption
offences which encompass a wide range of misconduct, the premise simply does
not hold true. The variation in each factor’s importance is wide, and is also
dependent on the context and the interplay of the factors. I will illustrate
with one example. As discussed above, in cases involving public sector
corruption, custodial sentences are the norm. Therefore, one factor put forth
by the Prosecution, the triggering of the public service rationale, is a
single but weighty consideration. However, the proposed framework treats the
public service rationale as just another offence-specific aggravating factor
to add to the count, instead of recognising the wholly different complexion
public sector corruption cases have. Even if there are no other factors to add
up to “two or more”, concluding that the starting point sentence should be a
fine would be too hasty. Viewed in light of precedent cases which establish
the norm of custodial sentences in cases of public sector corruption, the
problem becomes clear.

108 In sum, it seems to me that the Prosecution’s proposed sentencing band
approach, with its emphasis on the number of offence-specific factors,
disregards the weight and quality of such factors which are particularly
important in corruption offences. This concern is not adequately addressed by
the caveat that in exceptional cases, the court may depart from the indicative
starting point. Even if I had considered it appropriate to adopt a general
sentencing framework, this framework would not be appropriate. It may well be
that an appropriate approach would be to formulate specific sentencing
frameworks applicable to the various contexts in which corruption occurs, in
line with and in furtherance of the effort in Ding Si Yang. In the present
cases before me, the overarching context is that of corruption involving
foreign public officials. However, given the scarcity of corruption cases
involving foreign public officials, it may be premature to craft a framework
for this specific context.

The appropriate sentences

109 Having set out the approach to sentencing of corruption offences under ss
5 and 6 of the PCA, I now apply it to the facts of the two cases before me,
and address the contentions by the parties.

Tan

110 At the outset, following from the discussion above regarding the
corruption of foreign public officials, Tan’s case should not be classified as
one of private sector corruption. Tan, in giving gratification to Owyong for
the benefit of APMM officers, has triggered the relevant policy considerations
as discussed above at [85(b)]–[85(d)]. Contrary to Tan’s submission that a
fine is the appropriate punishment for him, I agree with the District Judge
(albeit on a different basis) that a custodial sentence is appropriate. I now
turn to the arguments in relation to the other specific findings by the
District Judge.

Tan’s knowledge of Owyong’s connection with APMM

111 Tan’s SOF, which Tan had admitted to without qualification, states at
paragraph 3, “[t]hrough [Tan’s] dealings with Owyong, he knew that Owyong was
able to pass monies to APMM officers so that they do not detain or find
problems with ... vessels”. However, in written submissions, Tan argued that
he lacked “personal knowledge about Owyong’s alleged connections with the
[APMM]”, and his knowledge of Owyong’s reputation as a “fixer” was entirely
based on hearsay. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Tan’s Written Submissions, at para 7.

This submission flew in the face of the unequivocal statement in Tan’s SOF to
the contrary. Indeed, when this was put to Tan’s counsel on appeal, he
confirmed that Tan was not intending to qualify his SOF, and rightly did not
pursue the point.

Facts relating to the 1st TIC charge

112 Tan argued on appeal 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Tan’s Written Submissions, at para 6.

that the facts set out in paragraph 5 of his SOF were inaccurate, and that he
had offered a differing version of those facts in his mitigation plea before
the District Judge. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Record of Proceedings in Tan’s case (“Tan’s ROP”) pp 1068–1070, paras 21–27.

In the main, this version included the claim that the two vessels being the
subject matter of the 1st TIC charge were never detained, which came to light
by way of letter from the Marine Department of Malaysia, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Tan’s ROP p 1070, para 26; pp 1176–1177.

and that one Mr Luc had instructed Tan to hand S$5,000 (not S$10,000 as was in
the charge) to Owyong.

113 Once again, it bears repeating that Tan’s SOF was admitted to without
qualification by Tan. In the SOF, it states incontrovertibly that Tan was
worried about these vessels being detained, he knew that Owyong could resolve
the problem, and he therefore gave Owyong the S$10,000 for the APMM’s
officers’ benefit as inducement. I note that the 1st TIC charge sheet stated
that these vessels were owned by Viet Hai Shipping and Real Properties
Corporation, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Tan’s ROP, p 9.

but Tan’s SOF 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Tan’s SOF, at para 5.

states that they were Tan’s vessels (and this is reproduced as such in Tan
Michael at [8]). However, the inconsistency fades in relevance in the face of
Tan’s admission in his SOF that he wanted to secure the release of the vessels
in any event. The fact of S$10,000 being the gratification sum as inducement
for the vessels’ release also formed the subject matter of the 1st TIC charge
which Tan had admitted to and consented to be taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing. Furthermore, even if the vessels were not in fact
detained, it remained the purpose of Tan’s payment to bribe APMM officials for
their release.

Effect of the 1st TIC charge at sentencing

114 Related to this was another of Tan’s submissions that the District Judge
was incorrect in law and fact to rely on the facts of the 1st TIC charge. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Tan’s Written Submissions, para 24–31.

In reliance on the doctrine in Chua Siew Peng v Public Prosecutor [2017] 4 SLR
1247 (at [84]) (“Chua Siew Peng”), the legal challenge was that uncharged
offences cannot be considered in sentencing unless they bore a sufficient
nexus to the proceeded charge. This submission is mistaken. It is trite that
the effect of taking into consideration outstanding offences is to enhance the
sentence that would otherwise be awarded (Public Prosecutor v Mok Ping Wuen
Maurice [1998] 3 SLR(R) 439 at [19]), and this is especially where they show
persistence and recalcitrance in offending (see, eg, Public Prosecutor v N
[1999] 3 SLR(R) 499 at [19]). This was clearly the case here, where there were
similar modi operandi in the 1st TIC charge and the proceeded charge
reflecting an escalation of offending behaviour.

115 There was also a factual challenge, that the District Judge was incorrect
to state that Tan had “every confidence” that Owyong could secure the
detention of the Aquatera07 (Tan Michael at [26]), because Tan’s belief in
Owyong’s abilities was mistaken. The two vessels in the 1st TIC charge were
never detained, and hence Owyong had no role in their “release”. In my
judgment, such a contention does not detract from the fact that Tan did
believe, at that time, that Owyong had been successful in the incident giving
rise to the 1st TIC charge, and that subsequently giving gratification to the
APMM officers through Owyong would in all likelihood induce the APMM’s
detention of the Aquatera07. The fact that Tan realised he had been mistaken,
after the fact, carries little weight.

Tan’s motivations

116 Tan alleged that the District Judge erred in finding (at [24]) that he
“wanted to create a non-level playing field for himself, an unfair advantage
so to speak … when his competitors would be in conflict”, when there were no
facts adduced to explain what the “unfair advantage” was, or how Tan could
create the “non-level playing field”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Tan’s Written Submissions, para 21–22.

Tan argued that there were no facts to support Tan being in any position to
benefit or conquer the market, because Dynamix was a small industry player. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Tan’s Written Submissions, para 23.

117 In my judgment, it is important to appreciate that the District Judge’s
inferences were in relation to Tan’s motivations, and not the actual
advantages he reaped from his corrupt transaction. This is clear from the
finding at [24] of Michael Tan that Tan “wanted to” [emphasis added] gain an
unfair advantage by creating conflict between his competitors, leading to the
conclusion that “[Tan] was motivated not just for his self-interest but also
by malice”. Hence, even if I accept that Dynamix’s small market share or other
circumstances rendered it unable to benefit or “conquer the market”, it would
not undermine the finding as to Tan’s motivations, which can be inferred from
paragraph 6 of Tan’s SOF. I am therefore of the opinion that the District
Judge did not err in this regard.

Quantum of gratification involved

118 In terms of quantum of gratification involved, Tan had argued that only a
gratification sum of S$1,500 could be taken into account, being the sum
involved in the proceeded charge less the amount that Owyong returned to Tan.
I am unable to agree with such a view. Tan is charged for corruptly giving a
gratification of the full S$10,000 to Owyong for the benefit of APMM officers,
and it was this amount which he fully intended to transmit to those officers.
Although the District Judge was not entirely clear about this, it seems to me
that she recognised that this full sum should be taken into account (at [31]
and [36] of Michael Tan). I am also of the view that the amounts involved in
the TIC charges (S$20,000 including the promised sum) can be considered in the
sentencing court’s exercise of its discretion to accord the TIC charges due
weight.

Initiation of the transaction and Owyong specifying the gratification quantum

119 The Prosecution asserted that the District Judge gave insufficient weight
to Tan initiating the transaction because she “gave [Tan] credit” for not
having suggested the gratification amount of S$10,000. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions (Tan) at para 79–80.

I do not think the District Judge erred in this regard. Tan Michael at [34]
merely recognised the fact that, as reflected at paragraph 6–7 of Tan’s SOF,
there was a prior discussion between Tan and Owyong, Tan then “broached the
subject of sabotaging his competitors” and in response Owyong asked for
S$10,000 (as opposed to Tan suggesting the sum). Due recognition was given to
the fact that “[Tan] did initiate the transaction”, but the District Judge
also rightly appreciated how the discussion developed between Tan and Owyong,
as per the unique facts of the present case borne out in Tan’s SOF.

Whether confidence in a strategic industry was undermined

120 The Prosecution argued 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions (Tan), at para 67–68.

that the District Judge had erred in declining to find that Tan’s actions
undermined confidence in Singapore’s strategic industries – the port and
maritime industry – because the Aquatera07 was never detained by APMM (see
[36] above). The Prosecution relied on the observations in Heng Tze Yong that
this aggravating factor targeted “any corrupt act which would occasion a loss
of confidence in a strategic industry” (at [39]), and Romel (at [51]) that
“the potential loss of confidence in the maritime industry” in that case was
an aggravating factor. The Prosecution submitted that it would be “fortuitous”
if an accused person whose actions seek to undermine a strategic industry, but
ultimately fails, is treated more leniently than another who succeeds. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions (Tan), at para 67.

121 In my view, it is important not to confuse the considerations of harm and
culpability. Where the offender seeks to undermine a strategic industry, or
knows that such a result will in all likelihood result if he is successful but
proceeds nevertheless, that goes to his culpability in offending. Where actual
or potential harm results, that is taken into account as well. In the present
case, Tan wanted to induce the APMM officers to exercise their powers of
detention, notwithstanding that such an exercise would be illegitimate. That
goes to his culpability, and is a factor which the District Judge recognised
at [23] of Tan Michael.

122 As for the aspect of harm, the question is whether potential harm to the
port or maritime industry could be said to have been caused. The offender in
Romel, an employee responsible for inspection of vessels seeking to enter an
oil terminal, had not only accepted gratification from the ship-master in
exchange for omitting the vessel’s defects in his report, he had also then
omitted to report those defects. This was what gave rise to the potential loss
of confidence in the maritime industry in that case. However, in the present
case, not only was the Aquatera07 not detained, but Tan’s SOF does not
conclusively establish that the APMM officers were eventually in receipt of
any gratification. It is not clear whose pocket the unreturned S$1,500
eventually reached, for it was merely Owyong’s word that it was used for fuel
costs of the APMM officers. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Tan’s SOF at para 10.

Given the extent of the admitted facts, I am in agreement that the District
Judge was correct in recognising that there was no potential undermining of
Singapore’s port and maritime industry.

Whether offending was persistent or sustained

123 The duration of offending is a generally relevant sentencing
consideration, as reflective of how determined the offender is, and is tied to
the recalcitrance of the offender and the need for specific deterrence
(Logachev at [59]). Repeatedly committing a pattern of offences without any
sign of contrition is indicative of a hardened offender (Public Prosecutor v
Fernando Payagala Waduge Malitha Kumar [2007] 2 SLR(R) 334 at [43], cited in
Logachev at [59]).

124 The District Judge was of the opinion that there was no sustained and
persistent offending (see above at [38]). In this regard, I agree with the
Prosecution that it was wrong to infer that Tan, in committing the offences
two years after learning of Owyong being a “fixer”, showed any “restrain[t]”.
The fact that he had not offended during those two years, and even initially
refused Owyong’s offer to pay APMM officers RM100,000 to secure the release of
the Vitology in 2015, does not reveal “restraint”. To say so is speculative,
and more importantly, fails to recognise that such a fact is merely neutral.

125 As for whether the offending was “persistent” or “sustained”, such an
assessment is one of degree. It was not wrong for the District Judge to state
that three offences were “not numerous”, and that his conduct could not be
characterised as “extremely reprehensible”, because such evaluations are
ultimately relative.

Whether the length of the sentence appropriate

126 I now turn to the length of the sentence. Two related District Court cases
involving the bribery of foreign public servants were brought to my attention
by Tan. These are Public Prosecutor v Chew Hoe Soon District Arrest Case No
916888 of 2017 & Ors (24 August 2018) and Public Prosecutor v Tok Teck Hoe
District Arrest Case No 916950 of 2017 & Ors (24 August 2018). In both cases,
the offenders had pleaded guilty.

127 The facts were as follows. Chew was the owner of an oil trading business
which chartered ships, barges and boats for its business. Tok was his
employee. Sometime in 2011, Chew was informed by a crew member of one of his
vessels that one Mohamad Sulhan Bin Zainon (“Sulhan”), a Maritime Commander of
the APMM, wanted to investigate that vessel. Sulhan asked Chew to meet him in
Malaysia, and at the meeting, requested Chew to give him S$2,000 per month in
order for the APMM to refrain from conducting checks on Chew’s vessels for the
offences of operating without the required permits and licenses. On 40
occasions over more than 3½ years, Chew gave Sulhan a total of S$86,000. Tok
helped Chew by making the arrangements for the payments.

128 Further, sometime in December 2012, one “Bakar” called Chew to arrange for
a meeting. “Bakar” was an officer of the Royal Malaysia Customs Department,
whose duties included investigating into customs offences such as the purchase
and smuggling of subsidised oil. In fact, Chew’s oil trading business had
engaged in purchasing subsidised oil from suppliers in Malaysia. At the
meeting, “Bakar” asked Chew for monthly payments, in exchange for “Bakar”
refraining from conducting customs checks on Chew’s vessels engaged in customs
offences. They negotiated on the amount and agreed on S$1,200 per month. On
five occasions for over a year, Chew paid “Bakar” a total sum of S$6,000.

129 There were 45 charges under s 6(b) PCA against Chew, with nine charges
proceeded with while the remaining 36 were taken into consideration for the
purpose of sentencing. In addition, there was one proceeded charge under s 177
read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). The total amount of
gratification involved was S$92,000. Chew’s sentences for his s 6(b) PCA
charges ranged from six weeks to 20 weeks of imprisonment. In total, Chew’s
aggregate sentence was 38 weeks’ imprisonment (which included a consecutive
two-week custodial sentence for the Penal Code charge).

130 As for Tok, there were 38 charges under s 6(b) read with s 29(a) of the
PCA against him, with 8 charges proceeded with and 30 being taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentence. He was involved in dealing with
S$80,000 of the bribe amounts. Tok was sentenced to 24 weeks’ imprisonment,
with the individual sentences ranging from six weeks to 12 weeks’
imprisonment.

131 I note that in its submissions on sentence, the Prosecution pressed for
individual sentences of three to four months’ imprisonment for Chew, with a
global sentence of nine to 12 months’ imprisonment. As for Tok, the
Prosecution submitted that the sentences should range from two to three
months, with a total sentence of six to eight months’ imprisonment. In doing
so, the Prosecution relied on factors which included the corruption of foreign
public servants, abuse of authority, difficulty in detecting the offences,
sustained and persistent offending, high amount of gratification and the high
degree of premeditation in the commission of the offences.

132 As I understand, there is no appeal by the Prosecution against the
decisions. Having regard to the sentences in these cases, and the
Prosecution’s sentencing positions in them, I find the Prosecution’s
contention that the sentence against Tan should be 20 months’ imprisonment
unsupportable. In particular, taking a holistic view of the facts in Tan’s
case compared to the cases involving Chew and Tok, Tan’s culpability is lower,
and the resulting consequences (both harm and benefit) are of a lower degree.
As such, I am of the view that an appropriate sentence for Tan should be lower
than those imposed on Chew and Tok of 36 weeks and 24 weeks’ imprisonment.
That said, unlike Chew and Tok, Tan initiated the offences, and his
motivations included both self-interest and malice. Therefore, any further
reduction of the sentence of four months’ imprisonment would not be
appropriate. Based on the facts and circumstances of Tan’s case, I do not find
the sentence either manifestly excessive or inadequate.

Whether an additional fine should be imposed on Tan

133 Next, I deal with the issue of whether a fine of S$8,500 should be imposed
on Tan, in addition to the term of custody, to disgorge the bribe money that
was returned to him. The District Judge had deemed such a fine unnecessary, as
the returned sum was Tan’s own money, and was not the benefit from any
criminal conduct. On appeal, relying on the authority of Public Prosecutor v
Goh Chan Chong [2016] SGDC 210 (“Goh Chan Chong (DC)”), upheld on appeal in
Goh Chan Chong v Public Prosecutor Magistrate’s Appeal No 9115 of 2016 (17
April 2017) (“Goh Chan Chong (HC)”), the Prosecution argued that the fine
should be imposed, as the fortuitous return of the bribe money to Tan did not
strip it of its tainted character. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions (Tan) at paras 83–84.

134 In Singapore, the courts have recognised that one purpose of imposing a
fine in addition to an imprisonment term is to “disgorge the offender’s
substantial benefit from his offending” (Ding Si Yang at [109]), or to
“disgorge any profits which the offender may have made from his illegal
behaviour” (Poh Boon Kiat v Public Prosecutor [2014] 4 SLR 892 at [77], citing
Public Prosecutor v Lim Teck Chye [2004] SGDC 14 at [376]). It is clear that
the purpose of disgorging such benefits is to deter offenders.

135 However, on the facts of Ding Si Yang, the court observed that there was
no evidence that any match was fixed or that the offender benefited
financially as a result of his offences. This had been one of the reasons
given by the lower court in its refusal to award an additional fine, the other
reason being that the imprisonment term was a sufficient deterrent (Ding Si
Yang at [26]). The appellate court also added that if the Prosecution could
show that the offender derived any benefits from his criminal conduct, the
Prosecution could proceed under the CDSA, as s 5 of the PCA is listed under
the Second Schedule of the CSDA as a serious offence for which confiscation is
a possible recourse (Ding Si Yang at [110]). The court concluded that the
trial judge did not err in law by failing to impose additional fines on the
offender, and added at [111] as follows:

… [T]his should not be taken to mean that fines should never be imposed on
match-fixers in appropriate circumstances even where no match is actually
fixed and there is no evidence of direct or indirect financial gain on the
part of an accused arising from the offences he is convicted of …

136 Next, it is necessary to go into some detail regarding the facts in Goh
Chan Chong (DC), which the Prosecution relied on as precedent for imposing a
fine to disgorge returned bribe moneys. In that case, the offender wanted to
invest in one property development developed by United Engineers Developments
Pte Ltd (“UED”). As there was great interest in the development, and as units
would be sold at progressively higher prices, the offender was aware of the
need to get to the development launch early to select good units at a good
price. However, UED had a policy of sending invitation cards to a select group
of people. These invitation cards allowed their holders to gain priority entry
into the launch without queueing, so they may choose their desired units. The
offender thus repeatedly telephoned one Suhaimi of UED to insist on being
invited. As a result, Suhaimi eventually provided invitation cards to the
offender and his associates. On the day of the launch, the accused and his
associates did gain such priority entry by virtue of their invitation cards,
and purchased eight units in total. All units were purchased at the lowest
price available at the launch, meaning the offender and his associates were
among the first buyers to enter the launch. The offender thereafter gave
Suhaimi two sums of S$50,000 each, as gratification for the invitation cards.
Suhaimi, feeling uneasy with receipt of the money, later unilaterally returned
the combined sum of S$100,000 to the offender (at [33]).

137 Of the eight units purchased, six were sub-sold, while the remaining two
units were retained by the offender (with one being occupied by his family)
(at [182]). While there was some uncertainty as to the precise amount of
direct or indirect profit to the offender from the six units’ sub-sales, it
was at least S$1.1 million, and may have been up to an estimated S$1.69
million (at [181], [184]).

138 The Prosecution in Goh Chan Chong had submitted for a total fine of
S$100,000 in addition to the global custodial term of 12 weeks imposed, to
disgorge the offender of his “unexpected windfall” when his bribes were
refunded to him. The District Judge accepted the Prosecution’s submission and
imposed the fine, for the following reasons:

(a) While the offender clearly benefitted from the bribe moneys being returned
to him after the offence was committed, it was unclear whether this money
could be the proper subject matter of any CDSA proceedings to be confiscated,
as “benefits derived from criminal conduct” [emphasis in original] within the
meaning of the Act (at [246(a)]);

(b) Even though the bribe money may not constitute direct benefit of his
offences, their return effectively increased the offender’s net gain, by
reducing his “outlay” by S$100,000 (at [246(b)]); and

(c) There was no issue of double-counting in sentencing, because the returned
sum was only considered in the context of imposing the fine, and not in the
court’s decision on the appropriate custodial term (at [247(b)]).

The decision was upheld on appeal in Goh Chan Chong (HC), with no written
grounds for its decision being released by the appellate court.

139 Having considered the matter, I see no compelling reason to disturb the
District Judge’s decision on this issue. The facts of Goh Chan Chong (DC)
differed in one crucial aspect – Goh did make a direct profit from his corrupt
acts, in the form of profits from the sub-sales and the value of the two
remaining units he retained. It is unclear why the Prosecution in that case
chose to submit for a fine based on disgorgement of the returned bribe amount
(as opposed to an amount tied to the profits made through the acquisition of
the relevant units), and the reasons for appellate court’s decision are not
clear given the lack of a written judgment.

140 The Prosecution additionally argued that, had the money not been returned
from Owyong to Tan, it could have been disgorged from Owyong as a penalty
under s 13 of the PCA anyway. However, this does not justify the Prosecution’s
proposed “workaround” of imposing a fine on Tan. Bribe moneys are confiscated
from recipients under s 13 PCA because they would be an illegitimate gain
otherwise. The factual scenario is entirely different where the moneys are
returned. In any event, and most importantly, I am of the view that a
custodial sentence imposed on Tan, without any additional fine, is sufficient
punishment, and the additional fine pursued by the Prosecution is unnecessary
to achieve the appropriate deterrent effect.

Kaur

141 I now turn to the issues raised on appeal by the parties specifically in
relation to Kaur’s case.

Judicial mercy and the mitigating effect of Kaur’s illness

142 As previously alluded to, Kaur suffered from epithelial ovarian cancer
(“EOC”). Dr Tay Eng Hseon (“Dr Tay”), Kaur’s oncologist from Thomson Women
Cancer Centre, had described her condition in several medical reports as a
rare form of EOC which was usually highly fatal. While her EOC was currently
in remission, if the cancer should relapse, it would usually be highly fatal.
50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Record of Proceedings for Kaur’s case (“ROP Kaur”), at pp 1222–1226.

Kaur was assessed to have a low chance of relapse, in the region of 10% to
15%.

143 Before the District Judge, Kaur’s counsel relied on various pieces of
medical literature to submit that imprisonment would exacerbate her medical
condition, as chronic stress played a prominent role in cancer growth and
metastasis. As the Prosecution disputed these claims, a Newton hearing was
convened. Dr Tay and Dr Yeo Kuang Ling (“Dr Yeo”) of the Singapore Prisons
Service (“SPS”) were called to give evidence on the matter, and key aspects of
their evidence are set out in full at [33]–[34] of Gursharan Kaur. I summarise
them as follows:

(a) Dr Tay stated that it was impossible to conclude if the stress of
imprisonment would exacerbate Kaur’s cancer, or increase risk of remission,
due to research limitations.

(b) Dr Tay disagreed with Kaur’s assertion that cancer would be more likely to
recur if she were to be imprisoned.

(c) Dr Tay stated that the key would be to ensure that Kaur would be provided
with strict medical follow-ups, investigations and expertise during
imprisonment. This was so that she would have the same chance of detecting a
salvageable recurrent cancer as that of a similar patient with her condition
outside of prison.

(d) In this regard, Dr Yeo confirmed that everything necessary would be done
to ensure an acceptable standard of medical care and treatment would be
accorded to Kaur during her incarceration with the SPS. Further, SPS would
work closely with Dr Tay to obtain her medical history, and determine her
required follow-up care and treatment. In particular, she would be sent to the
National Cancer Centre, where oncologists have the necessary expertise to
handle her condition, if and when required. Such expertise would not be
inferior to that available in the private sector. The full measures SPS will
take were detailed in a letter, Exhibit P1.

144 The District Judge concluded at the close of the Newton hearing that the
conditions to invoke judicial mercy were not met. Based on the above evidence,
Kaur’s cancer was in remission, and so her condition was not terminal.
Incarceration would not lead to an endangerment of her life, and she would not
be deprived of the care needed to enhance prospects of her recovery (Gursharan
Kaur at [39]). The District Judge was also of the view that Kaur’s medical
condition provided no basis for a sentencing discount, as the evidence showed
that she would not face more than the usual hardships accompanying a prison
sentence (Gursharan Kaur at [40]).

145 Kaur submitted on appeal that the District Judge had erred in holding that
her illness did not warrant the exercise of judicial mercy or mitigating
weight being assigned. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Kaur’s Written Submissions at paras 5–18.

The thrust of her argument was that the lower court had failed to appreciate
the risk of the cancer’s relapse in prison, given the stressful conditions in
prison.

146 To reiterate, it is trite that judicial mercy is an exceptional
jurisdiction, only to be exercised “in cases where the offender is suffering
from a terminal illness or when a custodial term would endanger the offender’s
life” (Chua Siew Peng at [101], citing Chew Soo Chun v Public Prosecutor and
another appeal [2016] 2 SLR 78 at [22]).

147 With this test in mind, I am satisfied that the District Judge was correct
in declining to apply the doctrine of judicial mercy in this case. I accept
that while Kaur’s condition is in remission, there is still a risk of relapse.
I also accept Kaur’s point on appeal that the medical uncertainty with regard
to the stress in prison and the risk of her cancer’s recurrence does not
necessarily mean that there is no risk posed by being in prison. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Kaur’s Written Submissions at para 15.

That being said, the sentencing court must be satisfied that relevant
conditions are met before the exception is made and judicial mercy exercised.
With the evidence that is before me, there is nothing to show that
imprisonment will risk exacerbation or recurrence of Kaur’s medical condition.
There is evidence, however, that Kaur will be given at least as good a chance
of detecting any salvageable recurrent cancer in prison as compared to outside
of prison. The SPS has confirmed having the appropriate and necessary measures
in place to provide medical care and treatment to Kaur as required. The high
threshold for the invocation of judicial mercy is not surmounted.

148 For similar reasons, I reject Kaur’s argument that her medical condition
warranted a sentencing discount. Given the evidence set out above, it is
apparent that a jail term would not present “a risk of significant
deterioration in health or a significant exacerbation of pain and suffering”
to Kaur: Chua Siew Peng at [102].

Whether Kaur was a foreign public official

149 Kaur argued that she was merely a civilian employee of the US Navy, and
thus not a public official, public officer or a public servant of the US Navy.
While Kaur might be a civilian employee, and not one in the uniformed service
of the US Navy, this was no reason to exclude a finding that the aggravating
factor of corruption of a foreign public official is triggered. As I mentioned
above, the definition of “foreign public official” within the UNCAC includes a
person exercising a public function for a foreign country. I have no doubt
Kaur was in such a role. Further, in s 2 of the PCA, an agent is defined
merely to include “a person serving the Government”, while s 8 of the PCA
provides for a presumption of corruption where “a person in the employment of
the Government or any department thereof” is involved. While the Government
within the PCA refers to the Government of Singapore, my main point is that
the nub of the foreign public sector corruption should be the involvement of a
person in the employment of a foreign government. It does not matter if the
person is a civilian employee as opposed to one in the uniformed service.
Therefore, Kaur’s case falls within the category involving corruption of
foreign public officials, which is an aggravating feature.

Transnational element

150 The District Judge had found a “transnational character” in Kaur’s
offences, on the basis that “[Kaur’s] offences were juxtaposed within a wider
conspiracy involving GDMA and officials in the US Navy” (Gursharan Kaur at
[80]). The facts pertaining to this wider conspiracy were included in Kaur’s
SOF, and summarised in this judgment above at [17]. The Prosecution, on
appeal, argued along similar lines – that Kaur’s offence was “situated within”
the wider conspiracy involving GDMA and other officials in the US Navy. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions (Kaur) at para 40(d).

Kaur argued on appeal that her offences did not involve any transnational
element, as there were no facts to support the assertion that she had acted in
concert with parties in other jurisdictions for the purpose of perpetrating
offences in Singapore. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Kaur’s Written Submissions at paras 74–81.

151 I am inclined to agree with Kaur on the specific point that Kaur cannot be
said to have offended as part of the wider conspiracy involving the other
officials of the US Navy. The present case is unlike the situation in Law Aik
Meng (see [99(h)] above). There is no basis to say that Kaur participated in
some cross-border scheme that was so daring as to have targeted Singapore. The
facts admitted do not disclose that she had any awareness of the corruption of
the other US Navy officers forming Leonard’s bigger scheme. It would hence not
be correct to ascribe higher culpability to her by reason of this.

152 Insofar as the present offences concern the US Navy, the aggravating
factor of the corruption of a foreign public official is applicable (see [149]
above), and takes into account this transnational connection. The fact that
Kaur’s corruption implicated a foreign government would already be fully
factored in (as opposed to an additional element, eg, of her participation in
an international syndicate or any hurdles in the prosecution of such
offences). Further recognition of the transnational element may amount to
double-counting.

Degree of premeditation

153 The District Judge had found that Kaur had exhibited a high level of
premeditation, in reliance on Kaur’s efforts to conceal her illicit disclosure
of non-public US Navy information to Leonard. These efforts included: 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Kaur’s SOF at para 23.

(a) transmitting the information to Leonard via compact disks;

(b) scanning documents and thereafter forwarding them to him, using her
personal address under her married name; and

(c) passing photocopies of US Navy documents to Leonard’s driver at an agreed
location.

154 While the District Judge accepted that they were unsophisticated acts,
they were sufficiently effective such that her misdeeds were not discovered
for a long period of time (Gursharan Kaur at [78]). On appeal, Kaur insists
that she did not engage in any elaborate scheme, unlike that at play in
Logachev.

155 Having examined the case law in relation to this factor (see [99(e)]
above), I do not think the District Judge erred. Of course, the degree of
sophistication here is not at the high end of the spectrum. That does not
detract from the fact that she had taken careful steps to conceal her illicit
disclosure to Leonard, as enumerated above. These steps effectively sought to
eliminate any paper trail or electronic footprint of her correspondence to
Leonard, which, in the context of offences involving such illicit disclosure,
were important steps to avoid detection. It also revealed that the offences
were premeditated.

Abuse of trust and authority, quantum of gratification and degree of
initiation

156 Although these were not points canvassed before me on appeal, I discuss
these factors as well to arrive at a holistic view on the appropriate
sentence.

157 In respect of Kaur’s abuse of trust and authority, the District Judge had
held that Kaur, as a Lead Contract Specialist, stood in a “position of
substantial trust, responsibility and accountability in relation to … the US
Government”, and her offences displayed a “flagrant abuse of trust” (at [76]).
I am in agreement with the District Judge on these points. The facts at [14]
above reflected the extent of trust vested in her. Kaur had access to
confidential information regarding ship-husbanding contracts by virtue of her
senior position as Lead Contract Specialist, and she breached such confidence
when she disclosed such information to Leonard in exchange for gratification.
Going further, she behaved as GDMA’s “insider” within NAVSUP FLC Singapore,
furthering its business interests as far as possible. This included covertly
permitting Leonard to have a say in matters where GDMA’s interests may be
implicated. This was a serious breach of trust on Kaur’s part.

158 Regarding the quantum of the gratification involved, the District Judge
held that the 4th and 6th charges involved a high amount of gratification –
S$50,000 (at [82]). I agree, and further recognise two points:

(a) In respect of the 6th charge, the gratification enabled Kaur to purchase
the unit, which she subsequently sold for a profit of S$267,000.

(b) In respect of the 9th charge, I make an observation that Romel does not
create a rule that bribes less than S$30,000 are low amounts, and in any event
Romel was a case of private sector corruption (see the discussion at
[99(a)(iii)]–[99(a)(iv)] above). The bribe amount must be viewed in context.
Leonard agreed to pay for Kaur’s room tab by arranging for her stay to be
charged to his credit card. Kaur thereafter charged “luxury spa treatments and
resort dining” to her room, which were eventually paid for by Leonard.
Considered in this context, the total bill of S$14,977.74 reflected a sizeable
gratification to Kaur as it started as a blank cheque to her to spend as she
wished.

159 I turn to the degree of initiation of the corrupt transactions, which
appears not to have been addressed by the District Judge or by the Prosecution
on appeal. It is unclear who initiated the arrangement between the parties –
while Kaur’s SOF stated that on numerous occasions from 2006 to 2013, “[Kaur]
initiated disclosure of non-public information of the US Navy to Leonard” (see
above at [19]), this is possibly pursuant to the pre-existing agreement
between the parties. However, it is clear that Kaur prompted Leonard into
giving her gratification in relation to the 6th and 9th charges (see [24] and
[26]–[27] above). In relation to the 9th charge, it bears repeating the extent
of her prompting. Kaur made the reservation booking first, then made her first
request to Leonard for payment, knowing he would agree to foot the bill.
Subsequently, Kaur even contacted Leonard a second time, essentially to remind
him to handle payment. After the call, to prompt Leonard to make payment, Kaur
made further disclosure of non-public US Navy information to Leonard to confer
him the benefit of preparing a response to her superior’s concerns in advance.
This is clearly aggravating.

Whether the length of sentence is appropriate

160 Having considered the factors at play, I again refer to the sentencing
cases of Chew and Tok. On all counts, Kaur was far more culpable than Chew and
Tok. While Chew and Tok were givers of the bribes solicited from them, Kaur
was the foreign public official who entered into an arrangement which lasted
from 2006 to 2013 to provide non-public information to Leonard for reward, and
who actively solicited the bribes in the 6th and 9th charges. As stated at
[22] above, Kaur gave information in relation to 16 contracts, out of which
GDMA bid for 14, and was awarded 11 contracts worth a total of about US$48
million.

161 Based on all the facts and circumstances, especially the specific
aggravating features discussed in [149]–[159] above, the individual sentences,
as well as the global sentence of 33 months’ imprisonment, imposed on Kaur
cannot be said to be manifestly excessive. On the contrary, I am of the view
that the sentences are manifestly inadequate warranting appellate
intervention. While I acknowledge that Kaur had voluntarily disgorged the
gratification and had pleaded guilty to the charges, the sentences do not
reflect the severity of the offences.

162 Accordingly, I allow the Prosecution’s appeal. I impose 16 months’
imprisonment for the 4th charge (gratification of S$50,000 which was received
in the context of the arrangement between the parties), 19 months’
imprisonment for the 6th charge (gratification of S$50,000 which was actively
sought by Kaur to be used to buy a property), and 14 months’ imprisonment for
the 9th charge (gratification of S$14,977.74 which Kaur actively sought, and
even provided information to Leonard to prompt him to agree to pay the
gratification). The five-month imprisonment term for the 7th charge remains.
The global sentence, comprising the sentences for the 4th, 6th and 7th charges
which are to run consecutively, is 40 months of imprisonment.

Conclusion

163 By the above, I dismiss the appeals in Tan’s case, as well as Kaur’s
appeal. I allow the Prosecution’s appeal against Kaur’s sentences (and impose
the sentences set out at [162] above). Finally, it leaves me to thank the
amicus for his assistance, and all parties for their detailed submissions.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge

Jiang Ke-Yue, Kelvin Chong and Ang Siok Chen (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the Prosecution;  
Edmond Pereira and Amardeep Singh s/o Gurcharan Singh (Edmond Pereira Law
Corporation) for the first accused;  
Suresh s/o Damodara, Clement Ong and Sukhmit Singh (Damodara Hazra LLP) for
the second accused;  
Chew Xiang (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) as young amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

