Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 62

Originating Summons No 1465 of 2018

Between

| CHL Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Yangguang Group Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Building and Construction Law] — [Statutes and regulations] — [Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act] — [Termination of contract]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CHL Construction Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Yangguang Group Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 62

High Court — Originating Summons No 1465 of 2018  
Chan Seng Onn J  
16 January, 19 February 2019

8 March 2019 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B,
2006 Rev Ed) (“SOPA”) seeks to provide a fast and low-cost system for
contractors to receive payment for completed works.

2 Nonetheless, in certain cases, the construction contract may be terminated
before the contractor has been fully paid for completed works. In such
instances, SOPA is equivocal about the timeline for claiming for such works
under the statutory regime.

3 In this case, I consider whether, with respect to SOPA claims, contractual
provisions relating to SOPA timelines (eg, for the making of payment claims or
payment responses) survive termination of the contract.

Facts

4 By a Sub-Contract dated 30 March 2017 (“the Contract”), 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Chua Shueh Er’s 1st Affidavit (28 November 2018) (“Chua’s Affidavit”), CSE-1
Tab 2 at p 59.

the plaintiff, CHL Construction Pte Ltd (“the Main Contractor”), engaged the
defendant, Yangguang Group Pte Ltd (“the Sub-Contractor”) as the sub-
contractor for an “Architectural Wet Trade Works” project (“the Project”) 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Chua’s Affidavit, CSE-1 Tab 2 at p 59.

for the sum of $443,921.87 (“the Contract sum”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Chua’s Affidavit, CSE-1 Tab 2 at p 59.

5 On 9 July 2018, the Sub-Contractor completed the works for the Main
Contractor, and a Certificate of Substantial Completion (“CSC”) was received
the next day. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Chua’s Affidavit, para 28, and CSE-1 Tab 9 at p 914.

6 Shortly after, on 20 July 2018, the Contract was terminated for reasons
irrelevant to the present proceedings. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Chua’s Affidavit, para 43, and CSE-1 Tab 1 at p 45, para 23.

7 On 30 August 2018, the Sub-Contractor served Progress Claim 10 (“PC10”), 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Chua’s Affidavit, CSE-1 Tab 3.

claiming for works done until 30 August 2018 and for the release of half of
the retention monies (being 2.5% of the Contract sum). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Chua’s Affidavit, paras 31–33.

8 The Main Contractor disputed the amount claimed under PC10, causing the Sub-
Contractor to submit an Adjudication Application on 24 September 2018. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Chua’s Affidavit, CSE-1 Tab 4.

9 On 22 October 2018, the Amended Adjudication Determination (“AD”) 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Chua’s Affidavit, CSE-1 Tab 1.

was released, and it was determined that the sum of $95,704.37 (including GST)
was payable by the Main Contractor to the Sub-Contractor. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Chua’s Affidavit, CSE-1 Tab 1, p 56, para 47(a).

10 Dissatisfied, the Main Contractor filed the present application, seeking to
set aside the AD.

PC10 was served in contravention of s 10(2)(a) SOPA

Summary of dispute

11 The dispute centred around PC10, and whether it was served in contravention
of s 10(2)(a) SOPA.

12 If s 10(2)(a) SOPA had indeed been breached, given that it is “a mandatory
provision, breach of which would render an adjudication determination invalid”
(Grouteam Pte Ltd v UES Holdings Pte Ltd [2016] 5 SLR 1011 at [53]), the AD
which was given in respect of PC10 would be rendered invalid, and the Main
Contractor’s setting-aside application must be allowed.

13 Section 10(2) SOPA states that a payment claim must be served in accordance
with the timelines in the contract between the parties unless the contract
does not contain a provision to such effect:

(2) A payment claim shall be served —

(a) at such time as specified in or determined in accordance with the terms of
the contract; or

(b) where the contract does not contain such provision, at such time as may be
prescribed.

14 Clause 37 of the Contract (“clause 37”) stipulated that the Sub-Contractor
had to withhold its penultimate payment claim “until three months after the
Certificate of Substantial Completion has been received by” the Main
Contractor [emphasis added]. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Chua’s Affidavit, CSE-1 Tab 2 at p 67.

At the hearing before me, it was accepted that PC10, being a claim for work
done until completion and for half of the retention monies (2.5% of the
Contract sum), was the penultimate payment claim. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

FTR 16 Jan (Chamber 4C), 11:06 am.

15 Hence, if, notwithstanding the termination of the Contract, clause 37
remained applicable in stipulating the timeline for the service of the
penultimate payment claim, PC10, having been served less than three months
after the CSC was received (see [5] – [7] above), was served prematurely and
in contravention of s 10(2)(a) SOPA.

The Adjudicator’s decision

16 The Adjudicator held that given the termination of the Contract, the
parties no longer had to perform their remaining obligations therein. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AD, paras 24–26.

However, all accrued rights of the parties prior to the said termination had
to be performed. Therefore, the Adjudicator held that clause 37 (a remaining
obligation) no longer applied. Given that works had been completed, the Sub-
Contractor was accordingly entitled to claim for the value of work done (an
accrued right) as well as all the retention monies (5% of the Contract sum).
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AD, para 26.

Dual-track regime for construction claims

17 Before determining the effect of the contractual termination on clause 37,
it is important to distinguish the two distinct modes of claims for
contractors. As Lee Seiu Kin J explained in Tienrui Design & Construction Pte
Ltd v G & Y Trading and Manufacturing Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 852 at [30]:

… Under the SOP Act, a party who carries out any construction work or supplies
any goods or services under a construction contract is entitled to progress
payments (s 5). While that statutory entitlement to payment is founded on the
underlying contract, it is separate and distinct from a party’s contractual
entitlement to be paid. The result is a “dual railroad track system”
consisting of the statutory regime under the [SOPA] which operates
concurrently with, but is quite distinct from, the contractual regime. …
[emphasis added]

18 If a contractor elects to rely on the statutory track, SOPA applies. Under
SOPA, a contractor is entitled to payment upon the completion of works, as
detailed in ss 2 and 5 SOPA:

2\. …

“payment claim” means a claim made by a claimant for a progress payment under
section 10; …

“progress payment” means a payment to which a person is entitled for the
carrying out of construction work …

5\. Any person who has carried out any construction work … under a contract is
entitled to a progress payment.

[emphasis added]

SOPA timelines apply notwithstanding termination

19 If a contractor exercises its statutory entitlement to progress payment for
the completion of construction work via a payment claim, s 10(2) SOPA provides
that such “payment claim shall be served (a) … in accordance with the terms of
the contract; or (b) where the contract does not contain such provision, at
such time as may be prescribed” [emphasis added].

20 Consequently, a SOPA payment claim must be served in accordance with the
timeline set out in s 10(2) SOPA, which expressly applies to “payment
claim[s]” and does not alter the timeline simply because of a subsequent
termination of the contract.

21 Therefore, contrary to the Adjudicator’s determination, termination of the
contract subsequent to the point of time the statutory entitlement to payment
had arisen and accrued does not alter the timeline for service of a SOPA
payment claim that applies to that contractor’s accrued statutory entitlement
to payment. Instead, the timeline for service is determined at the point the
statutory entitlement to payment arises; if the contract stipulates such a
timeline, the contractual timeline applies pursuant to s 10(2)(a) SOPA. Like
the contractor’s statutory entitlement to payment, this timeline remains
unchanged even if the contract is subsequently terminated.

22 This interpretation is consistent with prior decisions, which have held
that contractual provisions relating to timelines survive termination for the
purposes of claims under SOPA: AET Pte Ltd v AEU Pte Ltd [2010] SCAdjR 771
(“AET”) at [37]–[43]; Taisei Corp v Doo Ree Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd
[2009] SGHC 156 (“Taisei”).

23 In Taisei, the main contractor, Taisei, had terminated the appointment of
the subcontractor, Doo Ree. After the termination, on 29 November 2008, Doo
Ree submitted Payment Claim 25 (“PC25”). Less than 21 days after, on 19
December 2008, Doo Ree lodged an adjudication application. A day later, on 20
December 2008, Taisei lodged its payment response.

24 Even though the court was cognisant of the fact that the contract had been
terminated by the time PC25 was submitted, it held that the adjudication
application was premature, given that clause 16.3 of the (terminated) contract
required Doo Ree to give Taisei 21 days to respond to the payment claim (PC25)
before Doo Ree lodged its adjudication application (Taisei at [17], [81]).
Here, Doo Ree had lodged its adjudication application less than 21 days after
submitting PC25.

25 However, both AET and Taisei did not detail the reasons for their findings,
and were therefore of limited guidance to this court. Nonetheless, the results
therein support the conclusion at [21] above that the contractual timelines
must be adhered to for payment claims under SOPA for work done prior to
termination even if the contract has been terminated.

PC10 was a SOPA payment claim, and was accordingly served too early

26 In this case, while PC10 was ostensibly a claim for works done until 30
August 2018 (ie, including work done after the termination date of 20 July
2018), the parties did not dispute that no work was in fact done after 10 July
2018, when the CSC was received. In fact, there was no work left to be done,
as the works were already completed and the Contract was terminated shortly
after. Hence, PC10 was essentially a claim for works done until 10 July 2018,
prior to the termination of the Contract.

27 Having completed the works on 10 July 2018, the Sub-Contractor was
statutorily entitled to a “progress payment”, which it could claim for via a
“payment claim” under SOPA (s 2 SOPA).

28 The Sub-Contractor did make such a “payment claim” for works done until 10
July 2018 via PC10, which it submitted for adjudication on 24 September 2018.
Hence, PC10 was indubitably a SOPA, rather than a contractual, claim.

29 The Contract was still subsisting when the works were completed and the CSC
was obtained on 10 July 2018. Therefore, the Sub-Contractor’s statutory
entitlement to further progress payment had arisen and accrued as of that date
(ie, 10 July 2018). The SOPA payment timeline for that accrued entitlement to
further progress payment under SOPA would accordingly have to follow that
which was specified in s 10(2) SOPA read with clause 37 of the then subsisting
Contract. Clause 37 of the Contract stipulated that the penultimate payment
claim (being PC10) had to be served not earlier than three months after the
receipt of the CSC (see [14] above). This timeline was not abided by when PC10
was served on 30 August 2018, less than three months after the CSC was
received on 10 July 2018.

30 As a result, unless clause 37 can be shown to be void, PC10 was served too
early, in breach of s 10(2)(a) SOPA, and the AD will be invalid.

Clause 37 is not voided by s 36(2) SOPA

31 In further arguments, the Sub-Contractor submitted that clause 37 was void
as it contravenes s 36(2) SOPA, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s Reply to the Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 14.

which provides that:

(2) The following provisions in any contract or agreement (whether in writing
or not) shall be void:

(a) a provision under which the operation of this Act or any part thereof is,
or is purported to be, excluded, modified, restricted or in any way
prejudiced, or that has the effect of excluding, modifying, restricting or
prejudicing the operation of this Act or any part thereof;

(b) a provision that may reasonably be construed as an attempt to deter a
person from taking action under this Act.

[emphasis added]

32 A balance between competing considerations has to be struck in determining
whether a contractual clause offends s 36(2) SOPA. As McDougall J observed in
relation to New South Wales’ equivalent of s 36(2) SOPA (Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 1999 (NSW) s 34(2)) in John Goss
Projects Pty Ltd v Leighton Contractors Pty Ltd (2006) 66 NSWLR 707 at [78]:

… The Act seeks to strike some balance between competing considerations. On
the one hand, there is the protection of the entitlement of those who perform
construction work, or supply related goods or services, to receive progress
payments. On the other, there is the freedom of parties to contract as they
wish. … [I]n interpreting the “avoidance provisions”, it is necessary to pay
due regard to the objects of and policy underlying the Act. But, that having
been said, I do not think that anything in the Act generally … requires the
Court to strain to find that a provision of a contract offends the Act.
[emphasis added]

33 In John Holland Pty Ltd v Coastal Dredging & Construction Pty Limited & Ors
[2012] QCA 150 (“John Holland”), 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defendant’s Supplementary Bundle of Authorities at Tab A.

the main contractor applied to set aside an adjudicator’s decision. One issue
that arose was whether clauses 12.6(h) and 12.6(i) of the contract were void.

34 Clauses 12.6(h) provided that a payment claim submitted by the sub-
contractor would be void if it did not comply with certain conditions, such as
ensuring that the payment claim was submitted to the main contractor’s project
manager. If the payment claim was so void by virtue of clause 12.6(h), clause
12.6(i) then provided that the sub-contractor’s payment claim would be
deferred to the same day of the following month (John Holland at [6] and [8]).

35 Fraser JA (White JA and Peter Lyons J agreeing) held that clause 12.6(i)
was void under Queensland’s equivalent of s 36(2) SOPA (Building and
Construction Industry Payments Act 2004 (Qld) s 99(2)) as it deferred the sub-
contractor’s statutory entitlement to progress payment (John Holland at [21]).

36 Therefore, the Sub-Contractor submitted that, by deferring its penultimate
payment claim by at least three months after the receipt of the CSC, clause 37
offended s 36(2) SOPA.

37 On one hand, the deferment of the Sub-Contractor’s right to submit its
penultimate payment claim by virtue of clause 37 appears to offend the object
of SOPA, which entitles a contractor to payment upon completion of works (s 5
SOPA). This is to facilitate cash flow for parties in the construction
industry (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (16 November 2004)
vol 78 at col 1112 (Cedric Foo Chee Keng, Minister of State for National
Development)).

38 On the other hand, SOPA accords primacy to the parties’ agreement with
respect to payment claim timelines (see s 10(2) SOPA at [13] above). In
accordance with this, the parties agreed, via clause 37, that the penultimate
payment claim was to be submitted at least three months after the receipt of
the CSC. This was so as to give the Main Contractor sufficient time to assess
the total value of the Sub-Contractor’s works upon completion. Being a re-
measurement contract, a final measurement of the work done and certified was
necessary for valuing all the works completed by the Sub-Contractor. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Chua’s Affidavit, para 34.

39 Furthermore, as the penultimate payment claim included a claim for half of
the retention monies, more time would also be needed by the Main Contractor to
investigate if there were any uncompleted works or defects to be highlighted
to the Sub-Contractor, all of which would have to be subsequently made good by
the Sub-Contractor. The three-month window following the issuance of the CSC
would therefore be helpful in allowing sufficient time for completing any
uncompleted works or making good any defects. If they remain uncompleted or
unrectified, it would then allow the Main Contractor to raise a set-off in
response to the penultimate payment claim.

40 Hence, clause 37 is unlike clause 12.6(i) in John Holland, which applied
indiscriminately to defer all progress payment claims so long as they did not
conform with the contractual conditions for the submission of payment claims;
the contractual conditions included providing the payment claim in the
appropriate format and to deliver them to the main contractor’s project
manager (John Holland at [6]). Patently, failure to comply with such
contractual conditions would not cause a significant delay in the valuation of
works such as to justify a one-month deferment of the sub-contractor’s right
to payment for works done. In contrast, the deferment of the payment of the
penultimate payment claim by virtue of clause 37 was justified for the reasons
stated in [38] and [39] above.

41 Given its limited scope (applying to the penultimate payment claim only)
and that the deferment was justified, I find that clause 37 is not voided by s
36(2) SOPA.

Conclusion

42 In conclusion, notwithstanding the termination of the Contract, clause 37
(which is not voided by s 36(2) SOPA) was applicable and PC10, having been
served less than three months after the CSC was received, was served too
early, in breach of s 10(2)(a) SOPA. I therefore set aside the AD.

43 I will hear the parties on costs, if not agreed.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Ong Li Min Magdalene and Quek Li Ting (WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Lim Kim Hong (Kim & Co)  
for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

