Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the High court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 262

Criminal Case No 62 of 2019

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
  
And

| CAD  
---|---  
  
Ex tempore JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Mentally disordered
offenders] — [Culpable homicide]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

CAD

[2019] SGHC 262

High Court — Criminal Case No 62 of 2019  
Vincent Hoong JC  
4 November 2019

4 November 2019

Vincent Hoong JC (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 The accused person has pleaded guilty to a charge of culpable homicide under
s 304(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

2 While I recognise that the accused person was operating under a major
depressive disorder (“MDD”) which “substantially impaired her mental
responsibility”, I agree with the Prosecution that rehabilitation ought not to
take precedence in this case. Instead, retribution and deterrence are the
dominant sentencing principles.

3 While the principle of deterrence may be given considerably less weight if
the offender was suffering from a mental disorder at the time of the offence,
the element of deterrence may be accorded full weight where the mental
disorder is not serious or not causally related to the commission of the
offence, and the offence is a serious one: Lim Ghim Peow v Public Prosecutor
[2014] 4 SLR 1287 at [28]. The offence here is plainly a serious one, given
that the death of the accused person’s infant daughter resulted from her
actions.

4 This is exacerbated by the fact that the accused person’s mental condition
did not so severely impair her mental state, unlike the offender in Public
Prosecutor v Kong Peng Yee [2018] 2 SLR 295 (“Kong Peng Yee”), who, in a
psychotic episode, stabbed his wife to death for no logical reason. The
accused person had done her acts out of anger and frustration, albeit while
afflicted by her MDD. Her acts were thus founded on a true and rational
factual basis, and the “mental disorder in such cases can only ameliorate to a
limited extent the criminal conduct because the offender’s mind is still
rational” [emphasis added] (Kong Peng Yee at [65]).

5 Her ability to think rationally can be seen by her acts post-offence,
whereby she lied to her own husband on two occasions, and even performed
cardiopulmonary resuscitation on her daughter. That being so, I find that her
mental condition did not serve to override the sentencing considerations of
retribution and deterrence in this case.

6 Turning to the principles of deterrence and retribution, I find the
observations of the Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v BDB [2018] 1 SLR
127 at [34]–[38] to be highly instructive. The courts must come down
stringently on offences against vulnerable victims, especially when such
offences are committed by caretakers who are imbued with the trust of such
victims. Maintaining such an uncompromising stance, in particular against
offenders who commit the most severe cases of abuse of young victims (ie, the
death of such victims) achieves four objectives:

(a) First, like-minded members of the public may be deterred, in particular as
“depression, even if severe, cannot be a license to kill or to harm others”
(Kong Peng Yee at [65]).

(b) Second, denouncing such conduct gives expression to public outrage at the
fact that such offenders in question have taken advantage of their victims’
vulnerability. This is particularly poignant here, where the power disparity
between the accused person and her two-year old daughter was extremely large,
especially as there was no other person at home to stand in the way of the
accused person’s abuse of her daughter.

(c) Third, the sentencing consideration of retribution is engaged in such
cases of serious violence being inflicted on a vulnerable victim.

(d) Fourth, imposing a severe sentence in such cases help ensure that the
punishment is proportionate to the offender’s culpability.

7 With the sentencing principles in mind, I turn to the precedents to arrive
at the appropriate sentence that will give effect to such principles.

8 I find that the accused person’s culpability in this case exceeds that of
those in Public Prosecutor v Goh Hai Eng (Criminal Case No 4 of 2010) (“Goh
Hai Eng”), Public Prosecutor v Graffart Philippe Marcell Guy (Criminal Case No
36 of 2016) (“Graffart Philippe”) and Public Prosecutor v BAC [2016] SGHC 49
(“BAC”), where the offenders had been sentenced to five years’ imprisonment
for causing the death of their young child.

9 In relation to the first two cases, the offenders had been similarly
impaired by a mental condition, which caused them to take misguided steps that
culminated in the death of their child. The offender in Goh Hai Eng was
suicidal and decided to kill her daughter as she did not wish to leave her
behind, while the offender in Graffart Philippe sought, prior to his own
failed suicide attempt, to “take” his son with him while he was mired in a
contested battle for his child’s custody. Such offenders were motivated by a
misguided interest for their child. In contrast, the accused person, while
afflicted by her MDD, was motivated simply by her frustration with her child’s
conduct, and her culpability therefore falls on a higher spectrum than the
offenders in Goh Hai Eng and Graffart Philippe.

10 As for BAC, Tay Yong Kwang J (as he then was) made clear that the direct
link between the victim and the offender’s mental condition “carries much more
weight as a mitigating factor than assertions of depression or other mental
disorders that are made only after an accused has committed an offence and has
been arrested, especially when such an accused had been functioning normally
before the offence” (at [11]). The offender in BAC had a reported pre-existing
mental condition that was directly attributable to the deceased, whose
diagnosis with autism six years prior to the offence caused the offender’s
“whole world [to come] crashing down”. Here, the mental disorder faced by the
accused person was not in any way related to the deceased, and the accused
person had in fact defaulted on a follow-up with the Institute of Mental
Health prior to the commission of the offence. Less mitigating weight ought
therefore to be ascribed to her condition, and BAC is clearly distinguishable.

11 I find that this case is more analogous to Public Prosecutor v Maryani bt
Usman Utar (Criminal Case No 76 of 2018), whereby a domestic helper had caused
the death of a one-year old child to vent her frustration at the deceased’s
mother. The domestic helper was sentenced to seven years’ imprisonment, after
it was found that she was suffering from Depressive Disorder of at least
moderate intensity and Acute Stress Reaction. I do not accept the defence’s
attempt to distinguish this case as the offender was a domestic helper, while
the above three cases involved parents (like the accused person). Whether the
offender is a parent or a domestic helper, the fact remains that significant
trust and confidence is reposed in them to care for the child, and that such
trust is flagrantly betrayed when the offender takes out their frustration and
anger on the child, causing the child’s untimely death. The sentencing
principles of deterrence and retribution thus operate with equal force,
whether the offender is a domestic helper or a parent to the child. Indeed, it
may be said that, given the unrequited trust placed on parents to care for
their own child, that the abuse of trust in the accused person’s case was more
severe than that of a domestic helper, whose conduct is often checked by the
parents themselves.

12 The present case is deeply unfortunate. I recognise that the accused person
was in a difficult situation given the death of another child shortly before
the offence was committed, and that some punishment must already be felt on
her part given her personal responsibility for the death of her own child.
However, in the overall circumstances of the case, which involved an
unprovoked attack on a defenceless child, I find that the sentencing
objectives of deterrence and retribution take centre-stage, and that a
sentence of seven years’ imprisonment is appropriate. These principles are not
overridden by the principle of rehabilitation notwithstanding the accused
person’s strong familial support, especially as rehabilitation may take place
in the confines of prison, and does not necessitate a light sentence (Kong
Peng Yee at [59(f)]).

13 For all these reasons, and having considered the parties’ submissions on
sentence, I sentence the accused person to seven years’ imprisonment,
commencing the accused person’s date of remand (12 April 2018).

Vincent Hoong  
Judicial Commissioner

Zhou Yihong and Han Ming Kuang (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
prosecution;  
Anand Nalachandran (TSMP Law Corporation) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 4: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

