Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 03

Originating Summons No 841 of 2018

In the matter of Order 100 Rules 2 and 4 of the Rules of Court

(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of the development known as GOODLUCK GARDEN

(Strata Title Plan No 952) comprised in Land Lot No 4278P of Mukim 5

And

In the matter of the Stop Order dated 27 June 2018 issued by

the Strata Titles Boards pursuant to Section 84A(6A) of

the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 2009 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of an application under Section 84A(1) of

the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 2009 Rev Ed)

Between

(1)| Lim Hun Joo  
---|---  
(2)| Awe Ying Fatt  
(3)| Chan Keng Siang Gregory  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Kok Yin Chong  
---|---  
(2)| Ng Yuen Yau Olivia  
(3)| Ng Khee Shen  
(4)| Michelle Ang Suan Choo  
(5)| Lim Choo Hwee  
(6)| Poon Meng Mee  
(7)| Chong Chiah Joo  
(8)| Tan Thiam Yee  
(9)| Goh Lay Hoon (Wu Lifen)  
(10)| Gan Seng Hong  
(11)| Toh Wai Ling, Kathleen (Zhuo Weiling, Kathleen)  
(12)| Ang Ann Kiat  
(13)| Wong Lai Fun  
  
… Defendants

Grounds of decision

[Land] — [Strata titles] — [Collective sales]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Hun Joo and others

  

v

  

Kok Yin Chong and others

[2019] SGHC 03

High Court — Originating Summons No 841 of 2018  
Woo Bih Li J  
12–14 September; 26 November 2018

2 January 2019

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs commenced Originating Summons No 841 of 2018 (“OS 841/2018”)
to apply for an order for the collective sale of a development known as
Goodluck Garden (“the Property”), pursuant to s 84A(1) of the Land Titles
(Strata) Act (Cap 158, 2009 Rev Ed) (“LTSA”). Pursuant to s 84A(2), the
plaintiffs are the three persons from the collective sale committee (“the
CSC”) who were appointed by the Property’s subsidiary proprietors, who had
agreed in writing to sell the Property, to act jointly as their authorised
representatives in connection with this collective sale application. The CSC
was constituted pursuant to s 84A(1A) to act jointly on behalf of the
subsidiary proprietors for the purposes of the collective sale.

2 The defendants are 13 subsidiary proprietors who filed objections to the
collective sale to the High Court. They mainly contended that the present
application was ultra vires, that there was a flagrant breach of certain
statutory requirements, and that the transaction in respect of the collective
sale to the purchaser was not in good faith. On this last point, the
defendants raised many factors to argue that this court should not approve the
collective sale application pursuant to s 84A(9)(a)(i).

3 I heard OS 841/2018 from 12 September 2018 to 14 September 2018. At the end
of the hearing on 14 September 2018, I reserved judgment. I was informed that
the plaintiffs had to obtain an order in respect of the collective sale by 26
November 2018, failing which the purchaser who entered into a sale and
purchase agreement to buy the Property (ie, the sale and purchase agreement,
amended as at 8 March 2018 (“the SPA”)) might treat it as rescinded. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See Kok Yin Chong’s 1st affidavit filed on 20 August 2018 (“Kok’s 1st
affidavit”) at pp 485, 494; see Notes of Arguments of 12 September 2018 (“NAs
12/09/18”) at p 51 lines 5–7.

I delivered my oral judgment (Lim Hun Joo and others v Kok Yin Chong and
others [2018] SGHC 256) on 26 November 2018, addressing the main issues of law
and fact, and indicated that more detailed grounds of decision would follow.
In short, I granted the primary orders sought by the plaintiffs with costs and
disbursements to be determined at a later date.

4 These are the grounds of my decision. References to statutory provisions are
to provisions of the LTSA unless otherwise stated.

Background

5 I set out the background facts as far as they were undisputed.

6 The Property is a freehold development comprising 210 units. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

See Lim Hun Joo’s 1st affidavit filed on 10 July 2018 (“Lim’s 1st affidavit”)
at paras 7(1), 9; Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 5.

In or around May 2017, the management council of the Property’s management
corporation invited Knight Frank Pte Ltd (“Knight Frank”) to share with the
subsidiary proprietors an overview of the collective sale process. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at para 10.

Knight Frank will be referred to as a “marketing agent” in these grounds. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 572.

On 27 May 2017, Knight Frank gave a presentation to the subsidiary proprietors
where it estimated the sale price for the Property to be at least $455.8m, and
estimated the development charge (“DC”) payable for the redevelopment of the
Property to be $48.4m. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at para 11; Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 7.

The DC is a tax payable by developers to the relevant authorities when
planning permission is granted to carry out a development project which
increases the value of the land. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Loh Kai Chieh’s 1st affidavit filed on 10 July 2018 (“Loh’s 1st affidavit”) at
para 10.

7 On 1 July 2017, an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) of the management
corporation was convened. At this EGM, the CSC was constituted to act jointly
on behalf of the subsidiary proprietors for the purposes of a collective sale.
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 409.

The subsidiary proprietors resolved that the CSC comprise six members, and
that the three plaintiffs and three other individuals form the CSC. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Lim’s 1st affidavit at pp 408–409.

The first plaintiff became the chairman of the CSC. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 9.

8 The CSC thereafter contacted a few marketing agents, including Knight Frank,
with the intention of appointing one of them for the proposed collective sale.
Sometime in early July 2017, the CSC members unanimously agreed to appoint
Knight Frank as the marketing agent. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 570; Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 139.

The CSC members also unanimously agreed to appoint Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP
(“R&T”) as the legal firm for the collective sale. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 571.

9 On 9 September 2017, an EGM of the management corporation was convened and
was attended, in person or by proxy, by subsidiary proprietors who
collectively own 135 units of the Property. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at pp 575–578.

At the EGM, Knight Frank shared a proposed reserve price of $500m for the
collective sale and an estimated DC of around $58.5m, subject to verification.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at pp 579, 588.

Knight Frank explained the apportionment method of sale proceeds. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 580.

R&T then went through the terms and conditions of the collective sale
agreement (“the CSA”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 580.

The CSA stated that the reserve price was $500m, although this reserve price
could be changed in accordance with the provisions in the CSA. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 248.

However, at the EGM, the subsidiary proprietors did not vote on or otherwise
approve the apportionment of sale proceeds and the terms and conditions of the
CSA. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 10.

Instead, after the EGM was concluded, subsidiary proprietors who collectively
own 76 units signed the CSA that day. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at para 25, p 581.

10 Thereafter, the CSC circulated a situational update dated 18 October 2017,
which was provided with inputs from Knight Frank, where the CSC stated that
the DC was one of the factors that had been taken into consideration to
establish the reserve price. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 184.

11 On 22 November 2017, the CSC, in consultation with Knight Frank, resolved
to increase the reserve price from $500m to $550m, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 610.

and did so pursuant to Schedule 3 cl 3 of the CSA. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 248.

12 On the same day, Knight Frank appointed an architectural company, Ong & Ong
Pte Ltd (“Ong & Ong”), to carry out for the Property, the Gross Floor Area
(“GFA”) verification and the Development Baseline search with the Urban
Redevelopment Authority (“URA”). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 67.

These searches would provide information to determine the actual amount of DC
payable for the Property (“the DC verification”). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 623; Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 36(1)(b).

Consequently, Ong & Ong spent some weeks to do the necessary preparatory work
for submitting the search applications to URA. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

See Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 30.

13 Thereafter, Knight Frank sent letters dated 24 November 2017 to the
subsidiary proprietors to inform them that the CSC had resolved to increase
the reserve price to $550m. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 612; Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 190.

14 As at 7 December 2017, subsidiary proprietors of the lots with less than
80% of the share values and less than 80% of the total area of all the lots
had signed the CSA. Knight Frank then sent a letter dated 8 December 2017 to
urge the subsidiary proprietors to support the collective sale. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 192–194.

The letter stated that “[DC] rates are highly expected to increase on 1 March
2018 and it will have a direct impact on [the potential bidders’] bid
price[s]”. The letter added that “[i]t is ideal to lock in a buyer before
further [DC] rates increment, as this directly affects the land rate –
developers may factor in potential [DC] increase during tender and discount
the price to owners”.

15 Thereafter, by 15 January 2018, subsidiary proprietors of the lots with not
less than 80% of the share values and not less than 80% of the total area of
all the lots had signed the CSA. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

See Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 34; Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 19.

The subsidiary proprietors thus reached the 80% consent threshold required for
making any collective sale application pursuant to s 84A(1)(b). (Subsidiary
proprietors who signed the CSA (at this point or thereafter) will be referred
to as “majority owners” or “assenting subsidiary proprietors”, and subsidiary
proprietors who did not sign the CSA will be referred to as “minority owners”
or “dissenting subsidiary proprietors”.)

16 On 18 January 2018, Ong & Ong submitted the search applications for the DC
verification to URA. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 30.

17 On 25 January 2018, the CSC convened what they called an “owners’ meeting”.
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at pp 614–615.

Knight Frank informed the subsidiary proprietors that the 80% consent
threshold had been reached and that the Property would be launched for sale by
way of public tender on 26 January 2018. Knight Frank mentioned that the
estimated DC was $63.19m, and that it had appointed an architect to carry out
the DC verification. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 623; Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 36(1)(b).

18 On 26 January 2018, the Property was launched for sale by way of public
tender. The public tender was scheduled to close on 7 March 2018. When the
Property was launched for sale, Knight Frank’s marketing efforts included
sending emails to some 652 potential bidders on its database to notify them of
the launch. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

See Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 37.

In the emails, it was mentioned that the reserve price was $550m, that there
was an additional estimated DC of approximately $63.2m, and that Knight Frank
was awaiting a reply from URA on the Development Baseline which Knight Frank
expected to receive within the next two weeks (this was a reference to the DC
verification). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See Loh’s 1st affidavit at p 261.

Knight Frank also published an article on its webpage and from 26 January 2018
to 22 February 2018, placed four advertisements in the Business Times and one
advertisement in the Straits Times to market the Property. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 196–197; Loh’s 1st affidavit at pp 285–289.

In these various marketing materials, it was stated that the Master Plan 2014
(which was a reference to the URA Master Plan 2014) had zoned the site of the
Property “Residential” with a Gross Plot Ratio (“GPR”) of 1.4. The GPR relates
to the intensity of the land use permitted on a site. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 14.

19 From 26 January 2018 to 25 February 2018, three potential bidders requested
a site inspection of the Property. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 41.

20 On 26 February 2018, there was a very important development. The CSC
received a copy of URA’s letter to Ong & Ong dated the same day (“URA’s
letter”), which set out the recomputed GFA and the development charge baseline
of the Property, and the CSC forwarded it to Knight Frank. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

See Lim Hun Joo’s 4th affidavit filed on 11 September 2018 (“Lim’s 4th
affidavit”) at paras 5–6; Lim’s 1st affidavit at pp 684–685.

According to Knight Frank, URA’s letter meant that no DC would be payable for
the Property. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

See Lim’s 4th affidavit at para 7.

21 The following took place on 26 February 2018. Knight Frank immediately
began updating potential bidders in various ways that no DC was payable.
Knight Frank sent emails to some 652 potential bidders, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

See Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 43, p 295.

and made direct calls to potential bidders who had earlier expressed interest
in the Property. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 44.

Knight Frank also informed Colliers International Consultancy & Valuation
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Colliers”), which had been appointed to give an
independent valuation of the Property as at 7 March 2018, of the development
charge baseline. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 374.

There were also urgent discussions between Knight Frank and the CSC. Knight
Frank advised that there was no reason to extend the closing date of the
tender, ie, 7 March 2018. If any potential bidder requested an extension of
the closing date, Knight Frank would discuss the request with the CSC. The CSC
did not disagree with this approach. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

See Lim’s 4th affidavit at para 10.

22 On 1 March 2018, Knight Frank also advertised in the Business Times that no
DC was payable. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

See Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 45, p 329.

23 Prior to the closing date of the tender, the CSC did not update the
subsidiary proprietors that no DC was payable. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 24.

24 From 26 February 2018 to 7 March 2018, five potential bidders requested a
site inspection of the Property. There was no request for an extension of the
closing date of the tender. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

See Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 46.

25 On 7 March 2018, the tender was closed as scheduled and the tender box was
opened. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Loh’s 1st affidavit at paras 47–48.

There were:

(a) one expression of interest at $480m;

(b) one bid at $580m; and

(c) a second bid at $610m.

26 Colliers’ valuation report dated 7 March 2018, which had been placed in the
tender box, was also opened. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Lim’s 1st affidavit at para 38.

Amongst other things, Colliers took into account URA’s letter dated 26 January
2018, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Goh Seow Leng’s affidavit filed on 4 September 2018 (“Goh’s affidavit”) at
para 3.

and was of the opinion that the market value of the Property was $542m. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 578.

27 As the higher of the two bids, ie, at $610m, was higher than both the
valuation by Colliers and the reserve price of $550m, the CSC awarded the
tender on 8 March 2018 to the joint-bidders who had submitted that bid. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 50.

Thereafter, Knight Frank sent a letter dated 8 March 2018 to the subsidiary
proprietors to inform them that a sale contract (ie, the SPA) had been entered
into that day for the Property for the sale price of $610m. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 204.

Knight Frank did not mention in this letter that there was no DC payable. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 25.

28 On 19 March 2018, an owners’ meeting was convened to explain to the
subsidiary proprietors the progress made in the collective sale process thus
far, including the past marketing campaign and the terms and conditions of the
SPA. It was at this meeting that the CSC informed the subsidiary proprietors
for the first time that there was no DC payable. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 28; Lim’s 1st affidavit at pp 372–378.

Although queries were raised as to why they were not informed more promptly,
53

##### Foot Note 53

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 211.

no assenting subsidiary proprietor sought to withdraw from the CSA. Indeed,
apparently subsidiary proprietors of ten units subsequently added their
signatures to the CSA. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at pp 44–55.

29 On 5 April 2018, the joint-bidders nominated the purchaser to purchase the
Property in place of them, as allowed under the SPA. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 479–480.

30 On 25 April 2018, the plaintiffs made an application to a Strata Titles
Board for an order for the collective sale of the Property, pursuant to s
84A(2A)(a). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at pp 33–34.

On 10 May 2018 and 11 May 2018, various defendants filed two sets of
objections to the collective sale to the Board. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 704.

The Board held two mediation sessions on 1 June 2018 and 19 June 2018.
Thereafter, on 27 June 2018, the Board ordered a discontinuance of all
proceedings before it in connection with the plaintiffs’ application pursuant
to s 84A(6A) (ie, the Board issued a “section 84A stop order”). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 32, pp 704–705.

The plaintiffs then commenced OS 841/2018 on or about 10 July 2018, pursuant
to s 84A(2A)(b), to apply to the High Court for an order for the collective
sale of the Property. On 20 August 2018, the defendants filed their objections
to the collective sale to the High Court.

31 By way of a summary, a table for the chronology of the key events has been
set out in the Annex to the grounds of my decision.

Issues

32 In submitting that this court should not approve the collective sale
application, the defendants raised multiple grounds of objection. Some of
these grounds of objection had not been stated in the objections the
defendants filed to the Board on 10 May 2018 and 11 May 2018. There was thus a
preliminary issue whether the defendants were allowed to raise grounds of
objection before the High Court that had not been raised before the Board.

33 In the defendants’ multiple grounds of objection to the collective sale
before the High Court (including those grounds that had not been raised before
the Board), they raised the following main issues.

34 The first main issue was that the first plaintiff (“Lim”) and the third
plaintiff (“Chan”) each failed to declare an actual or a potential conflict of
interest before their elections into the CSC. This was because Lim has a
relative and Chan has two relatives, all of whom come within the meaning of
“associate”, and they each own another unit in the Property. These failures to
disclose were in breach of para 2(1)(g) of the Third Schedule. Accordingly,
under para 2(2) of the Third Schedule, each of their elections into the CSC
was void.

35 It followed, the defendants argued, that the present application before the
court by all three plaintiffs was ultra vires as all three were to act jointly
in bringing the application but they could not have done so because the
elections of Lim and Chan as members of the CSC were void. Alternatively, the
invalid elections were factors which assisted the defendants to show that the
collective sale transaction was not in good faith (see [37(a)] below).

36 The second main issue was that there was a flagrant breach of paras 7(1)(b)
and 7(1)(c) of the Third Schedule because the approvals of the apportionment
of sale proceeds and of the terms and conditions of the CSA were not given at
a general meeting of the management corporation. Alternatively, this breach
was a factor which assisted the defendants to show that the collective sale
transaction was not in good faith (see [37(b)] below).

37 The third main issue was that the transaction in respect of the collective
sale to the purchaser was not in good faith, and accordingly pursuant to s
84A(9)(a)(i), this court should not approve the collective sale application.
Many factors were raised by the defendants in this regard and they were:

(a) that Lim and Chan had actual or potential conflicts of interest which were
not disclosed;

(b) that the approvals of the apportionment of sale proceeds and of the terms
and conditions of the CSA were not given at a general meeting of the
management corporation;

(c) that the CSC members campaigned to be elected as a “6-man bloc”;

(d) that the CSC appointed Knight Frank as the marketing agent in undue haste
and with undue preference for Knight Frank, and also failed to re-negotiate
Knight Frank’s fees upon learning that no DC was payable;

(e) that the CSC failed to keep and/or display the minutes of three meetings;

(f) that the CSC failed to allow minority owners to raise valid concerns over
the collective sale;

(g) that the CSC failed to inform and consult the subsidiary proprietors about
a material change in the actual DC for the Property from the last estimate
given by Knight Frank and failed to extend the closing date of the public
tender; and

(h) that Colliers’ valuation report was fundamentally flawed and the CSC could
not rely on it to justify the collective sale to the purchaser.

38 I will address these issues seriatim.

Preliminary issue of grounds of objection not raised before the Board

39 A preliminary issue was whether the defendants were allowed to raise
grounds of objection to the collective sale before the High Court which had
not been stated in the objections they had filed to the Board pursuant to s
84A(4). The plaintiffs objected to such grounds being raised by the defendants
before the High Court, alleging that s 84A(4A) was not complied with.

40 Sections 84A(4) and 84A(4A) state:

(4) In the case of an application to a Board under subsection (1) for an order
for the sale of all the lots and common property in a strata title plan, each
of the following persons may file an objection to the sale, stating the
grounds of objection, within a period of 21 days after the date of the notice
served pursuant to paragraph 1(e) of the First Schedule or such longer period
as the Board allows in exceptional circumstances, whether before or after the
end of the 21 days:

(a) a subsidiary proprietor of any lot in the strata title plan who has not
agreed in writing to the sale; and

(b) a mortgagee, chargee or other person (other than a lessee) with an estate
or interest in land and whose interest is notified on the land-register for
that lot.

(4A) Where a section 84A stop order is issued under subsection (6A)(b) in
respect of an application to a Board under subsection (1) for an order for the
sale of all the lots and common property in a strata title plan, and an
application is then made to the High Court under subsection (1) for an order
for the same sale of all the lots and common property in the same strata title
plan, any person referred to in subsection (4)(a) or (b) who filed an
objection to the Board (but no others) may re-file his objection to the sale,
stating the same grounds of objection, to the High Court in the manner and
within the time delimited by the Rules of Court.

[emphasis added in bold]

Parties’ arguments

41 The defendants submitted that an objection to the collective sale filed to
the High Court may include grounds of objection not initially stated in the
objection filed to a Board. First, they argued that s 84A(4A) does not bar
this. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 97 lines 3–7, 13–17.

The provision expressly restricts the persons who may file objections to the
High Court, by providing that any person “who filed an objection to the Board
(but no others) may re-file his objection to the sale … to the High Court”
[emphasis added]. The defendants submitted that the provision does not
expressly restrict the grounds of objection that may be stated in the
objection filed to the High Court, because the phrase “but no others” is used
to qualify only the persons who may file objections to the High Court, but is
not used to qualify the grounds of objection that may be raised before the
High Court.

42 Second, the defendants submitted that, in any event, the High Court in Ngui
Gek Lian Philomene and others v Chan Kiat and others (HSR International
Realtors Pte Ltd, intervener) [2013] 4 SLR 694 (“Thomson View Condominium
(HC)”) held that s 84A(4A) does not prevent an objector from raising a new
ground of objection before the High Court if, through no fault of his, it
became known to him only after he had filed an objection to the Board (at
[45]). 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 199–200.

43 Third, the defendants raised the point that the LTSA is silent as to
whether an objection filed to the Board may be amended after it has been
filed. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 69 lines 10–11.

If the objection filed to the Board may not be amended and the objection filed
to the High Court may not include additional grounds of objection which were
not raised before the Board, an objector who was not legally represented when
filing his objection to the Board might be disadvantaged. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 69 lines 17–18.

Counsel for the defendants nevertheless agreed that this argument carried less
weight in this case where only two of the 13 defendants had not been legally
represented in the proceedings before the Board. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 71 lines 5–6, 24–25, p 72 lines 1–2.

44 Fourth, the defendants argued that the court has to ultimately look at the
collective sale transaction holistically with all the facts available to it
and make the determination of good faith under s 84A(9). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 101 lines 7–11.

The defendants premised this argument on s 84A(10), which states:

(10) Where no objection has been filed under subsection (4) to a Board or
under subsection (4A) to the High Court, the determination under subsection
(9) shall be made by the High Court or the Board on the basis of the facts
available to the High Court or Board, as the case may be.

The defendants submitted that an objector who wished to state additional
grounds of objection when filing his objection to the High Court could not be
in a worse position than if no objection had been filed to the High Court. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 98 lines 11–14.

The defendants also argued that the plaintiffs’ objection to additional
grounds being raised before the High Court was a technical one. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 100 lines 8–9.

45 On the other hand, the plaintiffs submitted that s 84A(4A) expressly
provides that an objector is only entitled to re-file his objection to the
collective sale to the High Court, “stating the same grounds of objection” as
those stated in his objection filed to the Board. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at paras 10–11.

The plaintiffs supported their submission with the decision of the High Court
in Choo Liang Haw (alias Choo Liang Hoa) and others v Chua Seet Mui and others
and another matter [2015] 2 SLR 931 (“Gilstead Court (HC)”) on which I will
say more later. It seemed that, in the alternative, counsel for the plaintiffs
accepted (in chambers) the decision in Thomson View Condominium (HC) that an
objector may raise a new ground of objection before the High Court only if,
through no fault of his, it became known to him only after he had filed an
objection to the Board.

Decision

46 Section 84A(4A) states that any person who filed an objection to the Board
(pursuant to s 84A(4)), “but no others”, may “re-file his objection to the
sale, stating the same grounds of objection, to the High Court” [emphasis
added]. The plain and ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of this provision
is that (i) only a person who filed an objection to the Board may file an
objection to the High Court, and (ii) that person may not raise grounds of
objection that were not stated in his objection filed to the Board. Contrary
to the defendants’ submission, s 84A(4A) does expressly restrict both the
persons who may file objections to the High Court and the grounds of objection
that may be raised before the High Court.

47 The decision in Gilstead Court (HC) would support this interpretation of
the plain and ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of s 84A(4A), where the
High Court remarked that “[r]aising new grounds of objections before the High
Court runs contrary to the express wording of s 84A(4A)” (at [48]). Apart from
this statement, there was, however, little discussion by the High Court in
Gilstead Court (HC) on s 84A(4A). This was because the new grounds of
objection raised before the High Court were either unsupported by evidence or
were not legitimate grounds for objecting (see [49], [52]). The High Court
then proceeded in its decision to consider the grounds of objection before it
that had previously been raised before the Board. On appeal, the decision of
the Court of Appeal in Lim Li Meng Dominic and others v Ching Pui Sim Sally
and another and another matter [2015] 5 SLR 989 (“Gilstead Court (CA)”) did
not discuss s 84A(4A).

48 On the other hand, as mentioned, the High Court in Thomson View Condominium
(HC) held that s 84A(4A) does not prevent an objector from raising a new
ground of objection before the High Court if, through no fault of his, it
became known to him only after he had filed an objection to the Board (at
[45]). In that case, the objectors only learnt of the facts concerning a new
ground of objection to the collective sale sometime after they had already
filed their objections to the Board stating other grounds of objection (see
[44]). It was thus impossible for the objectors to have stated this new ground
of objection in their objections filed to the Board. Andrew Ang J found that
it would be “patently unfair” to deny the objectors the opportunity to raise
this new ground of objection before the High Court based on a literal
interpretation of s 84A(4A) (at [44]), and allowed the new ground of objection
to be raised before the High Court. I add that it was in considering and
analysing this new ground of objection that Ang J ultimately decided to
dismiss the collective sale application before the court. There was no appeal
from Ang J’s decision in Thomson View Condominium (HC).

49 At this point, I add for completeness that in N K Rajarh and others v Tan
Eng Chuan and others [2014] 1 SLR 694 (“Harbour View Gardens (CA)”), an
argument was raised before the Court of Appeal that the objectors were
precluded from raising a ground of objection before the High Court since it
had not been raised before the Board (see [29]). It seems, however, that such
an argument was not raised before the High Court in N K Rajarh and others v
Tan Eng Chuan and others [2013] 3 SLR 103. The Court of Appeal ultimately did
not discuss this argument in its decision.

50 Having considered all the above, I found that s 84A(4A) simply means what
is conveyed by its plain and ordinary meaning: only a person who filed an
objection to the collective sale to the Board (pursuant to s 84A(4)) may re-
file his objection to the High Court, stating the same grounds of objection.
This prevents the collective sale application process from being complicated
or delayed by the raising of new grounds of objection before the High Court
which should have first been raised before the Board. The onus is on the
objector to first raise before the Board all grounds of objection he wishes to
raise. The defendants thus could not rely on s 84A(10) (as set out at [44]
above) to raise new grounds of objection before the High Court and then claim
that the plaintiffs’ objection to new grounds being raised was a technical
one.

51 In this regard, the question as to whether a ground of objection raised
before the High Court is the same as that before the Board is to be considered
objectively and holistically. An objection filed to the Board has to clearly
present the grounds of objection, in order for the applicants making the
collective sale application to know the case they have to meet. On the other
hand, the court should not to be too quick to construe a ground of objection
raised before the Board narrowly, such as to refuse hearing a ground of
objection raised before the High Court on the ground that they are not the
same.

52 However, I agreed that the High Court may consider a ground of objection
which had not been raised before the Board if, through no fault of the
objector, he could not have known at that time of the facts giving rise to the
ground of objection. I refer to the example Ang J gave in Thomson View
Condominium (HC) where objectors may discover a collective sale committee’s
fraudulent concealment of wrongdoing only after they have already filed
objections to the Board (see Thomson View Condominium (HC) at [43]).

53 Therefore, in view of s 84A(4A), the defendants were entitled to rely only
on those grounds of objections which they had stated in the objections they
filed to the Board and not new ones unless they could not have known at that
time of the facts giving rise to those new grounds of objection.

Issue of ultra vires

54 I turn to consider the first main issue as to whether the present
application before the court was ultra vires (see [34]–[35] above). As
mentioned, this issue arose from the defendants’ argument that Lim and Chan
each failed to declare an actual or a potential conflict of interest before
their elections into the CSC, arising from each of them having an associate or
associates who each owns another unit in the Property. These failures to
disclose were in breach of para 2(1)(g) of the Third Schedule and accordingly,
under para 2(2) of the Third Schedule, the elections of Lim and Chan into the
CSC were void. On the other hand, the plaintiffs denied that Lim and Chan had
any conflict of interest.

55 I was of the view that the mere fact that an “associate” of Lim and two
“associates” of Chan each owns another unit in the Property did not mean that
Lim and Chan respectively had an actual or a potential conflict of interest.
Hence, there was no breach of para 2(1)(g) of the Third Schedule. I will
elaborate on this later when I discuss the third main issue as to whether the
collective sale transaction was in good faith.

56 However, in discussing this ultra vires issue, I will, for the sake of
argument, assume for the time being that there was an actual or a potential
conflict of interest and, hence, a breach by Lim and a breach by Chan thus
rendering each of their elections void, pursuant to para 2(2) of the Third
Schedule.

Parties’ arguments

57 The defendants argued that the present application before the court by all
three plaintiffs was ultra vires as all three were to act jointly in bringing
the application but they could not have done so because the elections of Lim
and Chan as members of the CSC were void. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

See Defendants’ Aide Memoire for Reply Submissions at para 2.

The defendants referred me to Gilstead Court (CA) ([47] supra) which
considered whether the originating summons in that case was ultra vires. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 23 lines 16–17.

The defendants acknowledged, however, that Gilstead Court (CA) did not address
a situation where the elections of some of the authorised representatives as
members of the collective sale committee were void. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 25 lines 13–15.

The defendants also submitted that the CSC could have chosen other members of
the CSC to be the authorised representatives instead of Lim and Chan, such
that the defendants would not have been able to mount this ultra vires
argument. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

See Notes of Arguments of 14 September 2018 (“NAs 14/09/18”) at p 111 lines
2–4, 11–14.

58 The plaintiffs submitted that this ground of objection that the present
application was ultra vires had not been raised before the Board. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

See Notes of Arguments of 13 September 2018 (“NAs 13/09/18”) at p 100 lines
6–12.

The plaintiffs submitted that, in any event, even if the elections of Lim and
Chan as members of the CSC were void, para 10 of the Third Schedule provides
that the acts of the CSC done in good faith shall be as valid as if any defect
in the appointment or any disqualification of a CSC member did not exist and
the CSC were fully and properly constituted. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 97 lines 4–6, p 100 lines 13–19.

59 The plaintiffs also argued that the defendants failed to dispute the
jurisdiction of the High Court in these proceedings as stipulated under O 100
r 6 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 101 lines 16–22.

The plaintiffs further contended that pursuant to O 15 r 6, no cause or matter
shall be defeated by reason of the misjoinder of any party. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 103 lines 14–16.

60 In reply, the defendants submitted that O 100 r 6 was irrelevant because
they were not disputing the jurisdiction of the High Court by reason of any
irregularity in the originating summons or service thereof. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 72 lines 20–23.

Decision

61 I took the plaintiffs’ position to be that the defendants had not raised
before the Board the ground of objection that the collective sale application,
whether made to the Board or to the High Court, was ultra vires. The
defendants submitted that they could not have raised this ground of objection
before the Board because the plaintiffs only answered on 7 August 2018 that
Lim and Chan have associates who each owns another unit in the Property (see
[125] below). This answer came after the defendants had filed their objections
to the Board (and even after OS 841/2018 had commenced on or about 10 July
2018). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 6 lines 10–16, p 22 lines 3–8.

62 I noted that in one set of objections filed before the Board, there was no
mention of conflict of interest. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 636–637.

In another set, conflict of interest was raised but in a different context,
ie, that “the members of the CSC did not declare their ownership details to
the [subsidiary proprietors]”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 647.

This is different from saying that certain members of the CSC failed to
disclose details of ownership by their associates. However, I also noted that
in this set of objections, it was parenthetically suggested, without further
explanation, that paras 2(1)(c) and 2(1)(g) of the Third Schedule were
breached. These paragraphs are set out at [64] below.

63 In any event, since the information about ownership of units by associates
was not disclosed to the defendants before they raised objections before the
Board, I was of the view that the defendants were not precluded from raising
such ownership as giving rise to conflicts of interest in their objections to
the High Court.

64 While the defendants were not raising before the High Court that para
2(1)(c) of the Third Schedule was breached but only that para 2(1)(g) was
breached, for completeness, I will discuss them both. Paragraphs 2(1)(c),
2(1)(g) and 2(2) of the Third Schedule state:

Disclosure of conflict of interests

2.—(1) If a person standing for election as a member of a collective sale
committee is aware of any conflict of interest or potential conflict of
interest, if any, with his duties or interests as a member of the collective
sale committee (should he be elected) arising from —

…

(c) his possession or ownership of any lot or common property that may be the
subject of the collective sale, whether alone or together with any of his
associates;

…

(g) his associate’s possession or ownership of any lot or common property that
may be the subject of the collective sale,

he shall, before his election, declare at the general meeting convened for
such election, the nature and extent of all such conflicts of interest or
potential conflicts of interest.

(2) The election of any person who fails to comply with sub‑paragraph (1)
shall be void.

…

65 If the defendants’ ground of objection that there was a failure to comply
with paras 2(1)(c) and 2(1)(g) was made out, the elections of the relevant CSC
members were void pursuant to para 2(2). Such members would thus not qualify
to be the authorised representatives whom the assenting subsidiary proprietors
may appoint under s 84A(2) to act jointly in connection with any collective
sale application, because the authorised representatives must be members of
the CSC. This formed the premise of the defendants’ ultra vires argument.

66 In my view, O 100 r 6 of the Rules of Court did not apply because the
defendants were not disputing the jurisdiction of the High Court by reason of
any irregularity in the originating summons or service thereof. Therefore,
they were not required to file an application to court to set aside the
originating summons of the plaintiffs. It was sufficient for the defendants to
oppose the originating summons by affidavit.

67 However, even if the elections of Lim and Chan as members of the CSC were
void, this did not mean that the application before this court was ultra
vires.

68 The defendants’ reliance on Gilstead Court (CA) was misplaced. The
originating summons in that case was ultra vires because the authorised
representatives, whose appointments were all valid, did not act jointly in
bringing the collective sale application as they were required to do (see
Gilstead Court (CA) at [125]). However, the application before this court
would not have been a similar case of the authorised representatives failing
to act jointly in bringing the collective sale application; Lim and Chan would
have ceased to be authorised representatives and, hence, ceased to be
plaintiffs in this application. Consequently, the second plaintiff would have
become the sole authorised representative and the sole plaintiff.

69 Accordingly, I concluded that the plaintiffs’ application before this court
was not ultra vires.

70 I add that para 10 of the Third Schedule might not have assisted the
plaintiffs. Paragraph 10 states:

Acts of collective sale committee valid notwithstanding vacancy, etc.

10\. Any act or proceeding of a collective sale committee done in good faith
shall, notwithstanding that at the time when the act or proceeding was done,
taken or commenced there was —

(a) a vacancy in the office of a member of the collective sale committee; or

(b) any defect in the appointment or any disqualification of any such member,

be as valid as if the vacancy, defect or disqualification did not exist and
the collective sale committee were fully and properly constituted.

71 Paragraph 10 pertains to the acts or proceedings of a collective sale
committee and not those of the authorised representatives. The application
before this court for an order for the collective sale made pursuant to s
84A(1) was made by the plaintiffs as the authorised representatives of the
assenting subsidiary proprietors (see s 84A(2)). It was not made by the CSC.
In any event, it was not necessary for me to reach a conclusion as to whether
para 10 would otherwise have validated the present proceedings.

72 It was also not necessary for me to decide whether O 15 r 6 would have
assisted the plaintiffs if the elections of Lim and Chan were void.

Issue of the approvals of the apportionment of sale proceeds and of the terms
and conditions of the CSA

Parties’ arguments

73 As regards the second main issue, the defendants submitted that there was a
flagrant breach of paras 7(1)(b) and 7(1)(c) of the Third Schedule because the
approvals of the apportionment of sale proceeds and of the terms and
conditions of the CSA were not given at a general meeting of the management
corporation, in this case, the EGM on 9 September 2017. The defendants argued,
in the course of oral submissions, that this was such a flagrant breach that
the collective sale process and the CSA were invalidated. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 124 line 18, p 125 lines 16–19.

74 The plaintiffs submitted that no objection had been raised before the Board
and the High Court about the apportionment method. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 112.

75 Initially, the plaintiffs also did not admit that there was a breach of the
relevant provisions. The plaintiffs argued that there was overwhelming support
of the apportionment of sale proceeds and of the terms and conditions of the
CSA by the subsidiary proprietors who attended the EGM. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 113.

The plaintiffs submitted that it was sufficient if more than 50% of the
subsidiary proprietors who attended the EGM signed the CSA that day, after the
EGM was concluded. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 113.

76 The plaintiffs also contended that, in any event, considering s 84A(7C),
the High Court should not invalidate the application for an order for the
collective sale by reason only of non-compliance with paras 7(1)(b) and
7(1)(c) of the Third Schedule if such non-compliance did not prejudice the
interest of any person. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 128 lines 5–10.

The plaintiffs argued that the test was ultimately whether the sale price was
appropriate in the circumstances. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 62 lines 20–25, p 63 line 1.

Decision

77 The objection that non-compliance with para 7(1) of the Third Schedule had
invalidated the CSA had been raised before the Board, where the defendants
stated, inter alia: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 644–645.

There was no opportunity for [the subsidiary proprietors] to vote on important
matters regarding the apportionment of sale proceeds and the terms and
conditions of the CSA … There was therefore a breach of paragraph 7(1) of the
Third Schedule to the LTSA. The CSA is thus consequently void.

78 However, it appeared that the defendants did not specifically mention this
non-compliance with para 7(1) as a discrete ground to invalidate the CSA in
their objections filed to the High Court by affidavit pursuant to O 100 r 5(1)
of the Rules of Court. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at paras 131–135.

The defendants instead mentioned in their objections filed to the High Court
that such non-compliance was a factor which assisted them to show that the
collective sale transaction was not in good faith. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

See also Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 34(c).

79 The same seemed to be the case with respect to the defendants’ written
submissions to the court, ie, the defendants did not specifically mention that
non-compliance with para 7(1) invalidated the CSA but instead mentioned that
such non-compliance was a factor to show that the transaction was not in good
faith. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 158–164; see also Defendants’
Revised Aide Memoire at p 9 paras 5–10; Defendants’ Aide Memoire for Reply
Submissions at pp 7–8 paras 35–39.

It was only during the hearing before the court that the defendants orally
submitted that non-compliance with para 7(1) invalidated the CSA. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 124 line 18, p 125 lines 16–19.

80 The defendants should have specifically mentioned in their objections filed
to the High Court, and thereafter in their written submissions, the non-
compliance with para 7(1) as a discrete ground to invalidate the CSA. As they
had not, then strictly speaking, they were precluded from raising it as a
discrete ground. However, for completeness, I will address it as if it had
been raised as a discrete ground.

81 With respect to the question whether paras 7(1)(b) and 7(1)(c) of the Third
Schedule were complied with, I did not agree with the plaintiffs’ submission
that it was sufficient if more than 50% of the subsidiary proprietors who
attended the EGM signed the CSA.

82 Paragraphs 7(1)(b) and 7(1)(c) of the Third Schedule state:

General meetings convened by collective sale committee

7.—(1) The collective sale committee shall convene one or more general
meetings of the management corporation in accordance with the Second Schedule
for the following purposes:

…

(b) to approve the apportionment of sale proceeds; and

(c) to approve the terms and conditions of the collective sale agreement.

…

83 The terms of paras 7(1)(b) and 7(1)(c) are clear. I agreed with the
defendants that the approvals of the apportionment of sale proceeds and of the
terms and conditions of the CSA were to be done at the EGM. It was not
disputed that the signing of the CSA was done after the EGM was concluded.

84 Indeed, para 7(2) of the Third Schedule makes this point even clearer. It
states that, “The meeting for any of the purposes in sub‑paragraph (1)(a), (b)
and (c) shall be convened before any subsidiary proprietor signs the
collective sale agreement.”

85 It was also not disputed that there was no voting on these aspects of the
CSA at the EGM. In my view, the approval must be established by some overt act
like voting. It was not sufficient for the plaintiffs to say that it was clear
that a majority of those attending the EGM had approved those aspects. It was
not a unanimous decision. How would this clarity of approval be established if
not by voting?

86 Accordingly, there was a breach of paras 7(1)(b) and 7(1)(c) of the Third
Schedule.

87 Would that breach then invalidate the plaintiffs’ application?

88 Section 84A(7C) states:

(7C) A Board shall not invalidate an application to the Board for an order
under subsection (1) or section 84D(2), 84E(3) or 84FA(2) by reason only of
non-compliance with any requirement in the First, Second or Third Schedule if
the Board is satisfied that such non-compliance does not prejudice the
interest of any person, and the Board may make such order as may be necessary
to rectify the non-compliance and such order for costs.

This provision does not mention the High Court.

89 The plaintiffs relied on s 84A(7C) to submit that not every non-compliance
with any requirement in the First, Second or Third Schedule is fatal to an
application to a Board or to the High Court. The plaintiffs submitted that
although the High Court is not mentioned in s 84A(7C), this was an inadvertent
omission. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 137 lines 2–3.

They argued that the High Court in Gilstead Court (HC) ([45] supra) did not
say that the power to invalidate an application under s 84A(7C) belonged only
to the Board. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 135 lines 10–12.

Also, there seemed to be no argument by the parties in Gilstead Court (HC) on
this point, 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 136 lines 1–2.

and the Court of Appeal in Gilstead Court (CA) ([47] supra) did not discuss s
84A(7C). The plaintiffs submitted that it could not be that the High Court has
a lesser power than the Board. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 136 lines 8–10.

This was reinforced by the fact that if there is any objection filed to the
Board, it is the High Court, and not the Board, which eventually decides
whether to approve the collective sale application when that subsequent
application is made to the High Court after the Board issues a “section 84A
stop order” (see s 84A(2A) set out at [91] below).

90 On the other hand, the defendants submitted that the omission to mention
the High Court in s 84A(7C) was deliberate. Therefore, s 84A(7C) does not
apply to an application made to the High Court. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 78 lines 7–10.

91 I set out two other provisions of the LTSA, ss 84A(2A) and 84A(3):

(2A) An application under subsection (1) for an order for the sale of all the
lots and common property in a strata title plan —

(a) must be made to a Board in the first instance; and

(b) may be made to the High Court thereafter if, and only if, a section 84A
stop order is issued by the Board under subsection (6A)(b) with respect to the
application to that Board in respect of the same sale.

…

(3) Subject to subsection (7C), no application may be made to a Board under
subsection (1) by the subsidiary proprietors referred to in subsection (1)
unless they have complied with the requirements specified in the First, Second
and Third Schedules and have provided an undertaking to pay the costs of the
Board under subsection (5).

…

92 Read together with s 84A(3), s 84A(7C) seems to apply only to the stage
where an application is made to the Board in the first instance (s
84A(2A)(a)). The purpose seems to be so that the Board need not invalidate any
application before it simply because of a non-compliance with any requirement
in the First, Second or Third Schedule. I also observed that s 84A(7C) uses
the words “shall not invalidate an application”, rather than the words “shall
not approve an application” which are found in s 84A(9) [emphasis added] (see
also ss 84A(6) and 84A(7)). I will discuss ss 84A(7) and 84A(9) at [95] below.
It thus appears that s 84A(7C) is more concerned with a threshold issue of
whether an application may even be made, rather than with the subsequent issue
of whether an application which has already been made shall or shall not be
approved. This also explains why s 84A(7C) mentions the Board only and not the
High Court, since an application is made to the Board in the first instance.
The threshold issue of whether an application may even be made should thus
have been settled before the Board in the first instance. Thus, the omission
to mention the High Court in s 84A(7C) appears deliberate. However, the
omission means that the court still has to grapple with the question as to
whether a non-compliance with any requirement in the First, Second or Third
Schedule would necessarily invalidate an application to the High Court for
approval.

93 While the LTSA scheme contains the “minimum standards of conduct” that form
the “baseline” below which the majority owners will not be permitted to
descend (Harbour View Gardens (CA) ([49] supra) at [34]; Gilstead Court (CA)
at [40]), it seemed to me that a non-compliance will not, in and of itself,
necessarily invalidate an application to the High Court even if the non-
compliance is not of a merely technical provision (see Harbour View Gardens
(CA) at [54]; Gilstead Court (CA) at [52]). This will accord with the
framework in s 84A(7C) regarding an application to the Board. Indeed, that was
what I believed the High Court in Gilstead Court (HC) was saying when it
referred to this provision at [51]. The High Court also cited the Court of
Appeal in Ng Swee Lang and another v Sassoon Samuel Bernard and others [2008]
2 SLR(R) 597 at [35] for the proposition that the court should not allow a
“truly technical objection” to frustrate a collective sale application.

94 Strictly speaking, s 84A(7C) does not apply to an application made to the
High Court. However, the provision does suggest that the statutory framework
is that non-compliance per se is not necessarily fatal to an application to
the High Court for approval.

95 On the other hand, a non-compliance would result in the dismissal of an
application to the High Court if the circumstances pertaining to the non-
compliance amount to an absence of good faith under s 84A(9)(a)(i). This is
because the provision governing whether the court shall approve an application
is s 84A(7) which states:

(7) Where one or more objections have been filed under subsection (4A) in
respect of an application under subsection (1) to the High Court, the High
Court shall, subject to subsection (9), approve the application and order that
all the lots and common property in the strata title plan be sold unless,
having regard to the objections, the High Court is satisfied that —

(a) any objector, being a subsidiary proprietor, will incur a financial loss;
or

(b) the proceeds of sale for any lot to be received by any objector, being a
subsidiary proprietor, mortgagee or chargee, are insufficient to redeem any
mortgage or charge in respect of the lot.

[emphasis in bold]

The court has to approve the application unless the circumstances set out in
ss 84A(7)(a), 84A(7)(b) or 84A(9) apply (see also Ramachandran Jayakumar and
another v Woo Hon Wai and others and another matter [2017] 2 SLR 413 (“Shunfu
Ville (CA)”) at [9]). Therefore, in the context of this case, the court would
dismiss the application if the circumstances pertaining to the non-compliance
amounted to an absence of good faith in the transaction under s 84A(9)(a)(i).

96 I therefore considered the CSC’s non-compliance with paras 7(1)(b) and
7(1)(c) of the Third Schedule in the context of the absence of good faith
argument.

Issue of good faith of the transaction

97 I come now to the third main issue, ie, whether the transaction in respect
of the collective sale to the purchaser was in good faith. I first set out the
general law governing collective sales in this regard.

“Good faith” in s 84A(9)(a)(i)

98 Section 84A(9)(a)(i) states:

(9) The High Court or a Board shall not approve an application made under
subsection (1) —

(a) if the High Court or Board, as the case may be, is satisfied that —

(i) the transaction is not in good faith after taking into account only the
following factors:

(A) the sale price for the lots and the common property in the strata title
plan;

(B) the method of distributing the proceeds of sale; and

(C) the relationship of the purchaser to any of the subsidiary proprietors; …

99 The meaning of “good faith” under s 84A(9)(a)(i) has been considered on
various occasions by the Court of Appeal, and recently in Shunfu Ville (CA)
([95] supra). In its decision in Shunfu Ville (CA), the Court of Appeal
generally affirmed, once again, its judgment in Ng Eng Ghee and others v
Mamata Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and
another appeal [2009] 3 SLR(R) 109 (“Horizon Towers (CA)”). These two cases
should be the starting point for the test of good faith and not the High Court
case of Tsai Jean v Har Mee Lee and others [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1 (“Cairnhill
Heights (HC)”) which the plaintiffs relied on. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 72 lines 1–2.

100 In Horizon Towers (CA), the Court of Appeal stated at [133]:

In our view, the term “good faith” under s 84A(9)(a)(i) must be read in the
light of the [collective sale committee]’s role as fiduciary agent (at general
law and, now, under s 84A(1A)), and whose power of sale is analogous to that
of a trustee of a power of sale. Thus, in our view, the duty of good faith
under s 84A(9)(a)(i) requires the [collective sale committee] to discharge its
statutory, contractual and equitable functions and duties faithfully and
conscientiously, and to hold an even hand between the consenting and the
objecting owners in selling their properties collectively. In particular, [a
collective sale committee] must act as a prudent owner to obtain the best
price reasonably obtainable for the entire development. … [emphasis in
original]

101 The duties of a collective sale committee include, and are not limited to
(Horizon Towers (CA) at [134]; Shunfu Ville (CA) at [58]):

(a) the duty of loyalty or fidelity;

(b) the duty of even-handedness;

(c) the duty to avoid any actual or potential conflict of interest;

(d) the duty to make full disclosure of relevant information; and

(e) the duty to act with conscientiousness.

102 In assessing whether the collective sale transaction is in good faith, the
court will take into account only three circumstances: (a) the sale price (s
84A(9)(a)(i)(A)); (b) the method of distributing the proceeds of sale (s
84A(9)(a)(i)(B)); and (c) the relationship of the purchaser to any of the
subsidiary proprietors (s 84A(9)(a)(i)(C)).

103 In taking into account the sale price for the test of good faith, the
Court of Appeal in Horizon Towers (CA) held that the word “transaction” in s
84A(9)(a)(i) (at [130]):

… embraces the entire sale process, including the marketing, the negotiations
and the finalisation of that sale price (all of which steps ought to be
evaluated in the context of prevailing market conditions), culminating in the
eventual sale of the property.

104 Ultimately, the test of good faith is concerned with whether the sale
price was the best price reasonably obtainable in the prevailing
circumstances, or as the Court of Appeal in Shunfu Ville (CA) framed it,
whether the sale price was appropriate in the circumstances (Shunfu Ville (CA)
at [59], [61(c)]). The Court of Appeal chose to frame the test as such because
“determining what the best price is can entail a theoretical inquiry” (at
[61(c)]).

105 In determining whether the sale price was appropriate in the
circumstances, all the facts of the case must be appraised in the round. As
the Court of Appeal explained in Shunfu Ville (CA) at [59]:

… there is generally little to be gained in slicing up the sequence of events
and attempting to argue that any one of them goes towards establishing lack of
good faith; rather, it is through a holistic assessment of the entire
circumstances of the transaction that the court may determine whether there is
in fact an absence of good faith which would bar the sale from proceeding. …

106 It is also apposite to repeat the Court of Appeal’s statements in Shunfu
Ville (CA) at [61(a)]:

… Absent any reason for thinking that members of a collective sale committee
are actuated by any improper motives or any conflict of interest, and absent
clear evidence that the transaction is tainted by unfairness towards some
subsidiary proprietors, in particular the dissenting subsidiary proprietors,
or by some deficit in the transaction, we think as a matter of common sense,
that the transaction will less likely be refused approval. This follows
because, as was noted in [Horizon Towers (CA)] itself at [131], ‘good faith’
under s 84A(9)(a)(i)(A) of the LTSA entails considerations of good faith as a
matter of common law and equity; this usually entails a finding of some want
of probity on the part of the relevant parties, although this can be inferred
from aspects of the transaction itself. [emphasis added]

Burden of proof

107 A preliminary issue was, which party had the burden of proof in respect of
good faith under s 84A(9)(a)(i)? As set out at [98] above, s 84A(9)(a)(i)
states that, “The High Court … shall not approve an application made under
subsection (1) if the High Court … is satisfied that the transaction is not in
good faith …”

108 The plaintiffs said that based on the statutory language of s
84A(9)(a)(i), 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 63 lines 10–19, 23–25, p 64 lines 1–3.

the burden of proof was on the defendants to prove the absence of good faith.
The plaintiffs relied on the decision of the High Court in Woo Hon Wai and
others v Ramachandran Jayakumar and others [2017] 4 SLR 74 (“Shunfu Ville
(HC)”). There, the High Court said, at [55], that he who asserts must prove
and also referred to the language in s 84A(9)(a)(i) to conclude that the
burden lay on the objectors there to establish the absence of good faith. It
seems, as the defendants submitted, 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 55 lines 1–9.

that there was no argument by the parties in Shunfu Ville (HC) on the issue of
burden of proof. On appeal, the Court of Appeal in Shunfu Ville (CA) did not
specifically deal with the issue of burden of proof in respect of good faith.

109 The plaintiffs also submitted that the High Court in Cairnhill Heights
(HC) ([99] supra) seemed to suggest that the objectors to a collective sale
have the burden of proving the absence of good faith, with the words “the
threshold for objectors to cross” (at [21]). 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 74 lines 11–19.

The High Court in Cairnhill Heights (HC) was otherwise silent on this issue of
burden of proof. I add that Cairnhill Heights (HC) was decided before the
decision of the Court of Appeal in Horizon Towers (CA).

110 On the other hand, the defendants said that the burden of proof was on the
plaintiffs to prove that the transaction was in good faith. The defendants
relied on the decision of the Court of Appeal in Horizon Towers (CA) where the
Court of Appeal was of the view at [200] that the Board had wrongly placed the
burden of proof on the objectors. The Court of Appeal said that once prima
facie evidence of bad faith is produced by the objectors, the applicants have
the task of disproving such bad faith and establishing that the transaction is
in good faith.

111 The Court of Appeal’s statement has to be understood in its context.
First, the Court of Appeal was specifically considering the issue of whether
there was a potential conflict of interest that impugned the good faith of the
transaction before it. Second, the Court of Appeal was considering the role of
a Board in determining collective sale applications. Unlike the Board’s
present role in receiving collective sale applications, at the time of the
decision in Horizon Towers (CA), the Board determined collective sale
applications by mediation-arbitration pursuant to s 89(2) of the Building
Maintenance and Strata Management Act 2004 (Act 47 of 2004). The Court of
Appeal also held that the Board had a “significant inquisitorial role to play”
(at [173]), and also that pursuant to reg 18(1) of the Building Maintenance
and Strata Management (Strata Titles Boards) Regulations 2005 (S195/2005), the
Board was not bound to apply the rules of evidence applicable to civil
proceedings in any court but could inform itself on any matter in such manner
as it thought fit. It was in the light of this backdrop that the Court of
Appeal held at [173]:

… Ultimately, the applicants must adduce sufficient evidence to convince the
[Board] that the transaction was in good faith. For example, in cases where
prima facie evidence of a potential conflict of interest has been adduced, the
applicants must in turn produce sufficient evidence to disprove that conflict
of interest (assuming this can be done) or to prove that such conflict is not
material, and satisfy the [Board] of the good faith of the transaction.

112 In coming to its decision that the Board had wrongly placed the burden of
proof on the objectors, the Court of Appeal also cited s 113 of the Evidence
Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) but it seems that this was obiter dicta as it
appears that neither party before the Court of Appeal had relied on that
statutory provision.

113 Section 113 of the Evidence Act states:

Proof of good faith in transactions where one party is in relation of active
confidence

113. Where there is a question as to the good faith of a transaction between parties, one of whom stands to the other in a position of active confidence, the burden of proving the good faith of the transaction is on the party who is in a position of active confidence.

Illustrations

(a) The good faith of a sale by a client to an attorney is in question in a
suit brought by the client. The burden of proving the good faith of the
transaction is on the attorney.

(b) The good faith of a sale by a son just come of age to a father is in
question in a suit brought by the son. The burden of proving the good faith of
the transaction is on the father.

114 On the one hand, it could be argued that when s 84A(9)(a)(i) refers to the
situation where the transaction is not in good faith, “the transaction” here
is not confined to the transaction as between the subsidiary proprietors and
the purchaser but includes the overall process leading to the eventual
transaction to sell to a purchaser. It seems that the legislative scheme where
a collective sale application requires the approval of the High Court is just
as concerned, if not more concerned, about the competing interests between the
assenting and the dissenting subsidiary proprietors as it is about the
competing interests of the subsidiary proprietors as a whole and the
purchaser. One could also argue that, through the collective sale committee,
the assenting subsidiary proprietors are in a position of active confidence
vis-à-vis the dissenting subsidiary proprietors and therefore s 113 of the
Evidence Act requires the plaintiffs, who represent the assenting subsidiary
proprietors, to establish good faith in the transaction.

115 On the other hand, s 113 of the Evidence Act seems to contemplate “the
good faith of a transaction between parties” where the parties are on the
opposite ends of the transaction, as the illustrations in s 113 demonstrate
this, ie, a sale by a client to an attorney (illustration (a)) and a sale by a
son just come of age to a father (illustration (b)). In the present case, the
transaction was the collective sale of the Property and that transaction was
between the subsidiary proprietors and the purchaser. It was not between the
assenting and the dissenting subsidiary proprietors, or between the CSC and
the dissenting subsidiary proprietors. Furthermore, the plaintiffs are the
authorised representatives of the assenting subsidiary proprietors and they
represent those subsidiary proprietors, and not the CSC as such. It was
doubtful that the assenting subsidiary proprietors are in a position of active
confidence vis-à-vis the defendants. In my view, this seemed to be the more
persuasive argument. I add that s 113 of the Evidence Act which predates the
collective sale scheme under the LTSA was not drafted with such a scheme in
mind, and it may be that this scheme under the LTSA was also not drafted with
s 113 of the Evidence Act in mind.

116 Thus, in my view, s 113 of the Evidence Act does not apply here in respect
of the question of good faith under s 84A(9)(a)(i) of the LTSA. Nevertheless,
I was of the view that the legal burden was on the plaintiffs to establish
that the transaction was in good faith for the following reasons.

117 As the plaintiffs were seeking a court order for the collective sale under
s 84A(1), then as a matter of general principle, it should be they who had the
burden of persuading the court to grant the order. This was reinforced by s
84A(10) (set out at [44] above) which applies where no objection has been
filed to the High Court. In that event, the determination of good faith under
s 84A(9) is to be made by the court on the basis of the facts available to it.
If the legal burden of proof were not on the plaintiffs, then it would follow
that the court will grant the order for the collective sale whenever no
objection has been filed. However, s 84A(10) suggests that that does not
necessarily follow. The court may still decide not to grant the order for the
collective sale on the facts available to it. This points to the legal burden
being on the plaintiffs all the time.

118 From the practical point of view, it will ordinarily be the case that in
contested applications, objections will be filed. The objectors adduce the
evidence to support the allegations of bad faith, and if that establishes a
prima facie case of bad faith, then the applicants have to counter such
allegations with evidence and/or arguments of their own (see Horizon Towers
(CA) at [200]). However, the legal burden remains with the applicants to
establish that the collective sale transaction is in good faith.

119 As for the statutory language of s 84A(9)(a)(i), that “[t]he High Court …
shall not approve an application made under subsection (1) if the High Court …
is satisfied that the transaction is not in good faith”, I was of the view
that it is equivocal on the question as to which party has the burden of proof
in respect of good faith.

Sub-issues

120 I come now to the factors which the defendants raised to allege bad faith,
ie, that the transaction in respect of the collective sale to the purchaser
was not in good faith. I will refer to them as sub-issues. However, one should
also bear in mind that the defendants did not allege that there was bad faith
on the part of any individual person or entity specifically, whether in the
CSC, Knight Frank or R&T. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

See eg, Defendants’ Aide Memoire for Reply Submissions at para 34; NAs
14/09/18 at p 89 lines 7–10.

Conflict of interest

(1) Parties’ arguments

121 The first sub-issue was the question about conflict of interest, ie,
whether Lim and Chan had actual or potential conflicts of interest which were
not disclosed. This was one of the main factors which the defendants raised to
allege bad faith. As mentioned already, it was not in dispute that Lim and
Chan have associates who each owns another unit in the Property. Specifically,
Lim’s brother and Chan’s brother and mother each owns another unit, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 137; Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 114.

and the units they own are of the same type as those Lim and Chan own
respectively. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 138.

It was also not in dispute that before Lim and Chan were elected as members of
the CSC, they did not declare any conflict of interest. Indeed, their position
was that there was no actual or potential conflict.

122 First, it was unclear whether the defendants were suggesting that both Lim
and Chan had actual or potential conflicts of interest, or only actual
conflicts of interest. The objections filed to the High Court on 20 August
2018 seemed to generally allege that Lim and Chan had conflicts of interest.
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 127.

I add that while the defendants’ written submissions to the court dated 10
September 2018 appeared to suggest that both Lim and Chan had actual conflicts
of interest, 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 148.

the earlier correspondence from the defendants’ lawyers to the plaintiffs’
lawyers dated 14 June 2018 suggested that both Lim and Chan had actual or
potential conflicts of interest. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 834–835.

Taking the defendants’ case at its highest, I proceeded on the basis that they
were suggesting that both Lim and Chan had actual or potential conflicts of
interest.

123 The defendants contended that it was a reasonable inference that with
associates who own the same type of units, Lim and Chan had extra interest and
felt additional urgency to push through with the collective sale as quickly as
possible even if the sale price was not necessarily the appropriate price that
could be obtained. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 139.

The defendants also submitted that in view of the fact that the associates of
Lim and Chan own the same type of unit as them, this resulted in what would
appear to be an overrepresentation of that type of unit on the CSC. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 138.

The defendants argued that this point should also have been disclosed to the
subsidiary proprietors before they were asked to vote Lim and Chan into the
CSC.

124 Second, the defendants submitted that Lim and Chan did not declare their
alleged conflicts of interest on multiple occasions, such as: (i) before Lim
and Chan were elected into the CSC on 1 July 2017; 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 136.

(ii) when Lim and Chan signed the conflict of interest declaration forms on 5
September 2017 to indicate there was no conflict; 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 136–137; Kok’s 1st affidavit at
pp 827–828, 831–832.

and (iii) at the EGM on 9 September 2017. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 144(a).

The defendants argued that Lim and Chan were trying to hide the fact of
ownership by their associates because when questions were asked about such
ownership at the EGM on 9 September 2017, they declined to answer frankly.

125 Furthermore, the defendants submitted that subsequently, when their
lawyers wrote to the plaintiffs’ lawyers to pursue this question after
objections had been filed to the Board, the plaintiffs’ lawyers avoided giving
an answer. The defendants’ lawyers had sent the plaintiffs’ lawyers a letter
dated 14 June 2018, asking whether the CSC members had failed to declare their
actual or potential conflicts of interest, and specifically to confirm whether
Lim and Chan have associates who own or possess the units as specified in the
letter. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 834–835.

The plaintiffs’ lawyers did not respond to this letter. The defendants’
lawyers then sent the plaintiffs’ lawyers a letter dated 12 July 2018
informing them that they had yet to respond to the earlier letter dated 14
June 2018, and also requesting for certain documents. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 839–840.

However, when the plaintiffs’ lawyers sent the defendants’ lawyers a letter
dated 19 July 2018, the plaintiffs’ lawyers addressed the request for
documents but did not respond on the issue of conflict of interest or whether
Lim and Chan have associates who own or possess the specified units. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 851.

The defendants submitted that it was only when their lawyers sent a more
formal request by way of interrogatories to the plaintiffs on 2 August 2018
that they gave the answer on 7 August 2018 that Lim and Chan have associates
who each owns another unit. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 145; Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp
864–867.

126 Third, the defendants further submitted that Lim and Chan were key members
of the CSC and the key movers of the collective sale, and that they had in
fact pushed for a quick sale. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 140–142.

The defendants argued that Lim and Chan breached their duty of fidelity and
that it was not possible to conclude that the CSC’s decision to sell the
Property so hastily was not infected by the conflicts of interest of Lim and
Chan.

127 On the other hand, the plaintiffs submitted that the mere fact that a CSC
member has an associate who owns another unit did not in and of itself give
rise to any actual or potential conflict of interest. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 70.

The plaintiffs submitted, in their skeletal submissions, that the CSC members
were only required to declare any conflict of interest that they were aware of
and which arose from the relationship of the CSC members and their associates
with the purchaser under the proposed collective sale. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 71.

Since there was no such relationship with the purchaser, the plaintiffs argued
that there was no actual or potential conflict of interest to be declared. At
the hearing, the plaintiffs added that a CSC member also had to be “aware” of
the actual or potential conflict of interest before he was required to declare
it, ie, this was a subjective inquiry. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 93 lines 1–4.

128 The plaintiffs also submitted that the defendants’ complaint regarding the
composition of the CSC had not been raised before the Board. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 73.

The plaintiffs argued that this ground of objection was, in any event, a red
herring because the LTSA does not prescribe or limit the composition of the
CSC, and there was no need for the CSC members to declare their ownership
details. The plaintiffs added that the defendants were not challenging the
method of distributing the proceeds of sale.

129 Second, the plaintiffs submitted that the CSC members had before their
elections orally declared at the EGM on 1 July 2017 that they did not have any
conflict of interest. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 72; Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 409.

(The defendants seemed to take the position that nothing was said orally to
the subsidiary proprietors to deny any conflict of interest. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 15 lines 9–11, p 20 lines 8–9.

) As for the EGM on 9 September 2017, the plaintiffs submitted that the CSC
had been advised by R&T and the CSC members did not declare any conflict of
interest because they were of the view that they had none. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 579; NAs 13/09/18 at p 117 lines 20–23.

130 The plaintiffs explained orally, at the hearing before this court, that it
was the oversight of their lawyers in omitting to respond to the written
requests by the defendants’ lawyers for the information as to whether Lim and
Chan have associates who each owns another unit. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 123 lines 15–18.

The plaintiffs explained that the letter dated 14 June 2018 from the
defendants’ lawyers had been addressed to R&T’s conveyancing lawyers and while
the litigation lawyers should have responded to it, they had omitted to do so.
124

##### Foot Note 124

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 121 lines 20–25, p 122 line 1.

As for the letter dated 12 July 2018 from the defendants’ lawyers, the
plaintiffs’ lawyers informed the court that they had omitted to respond on the
issue of conflict of interest in their reply dated 19 July 2018, because the
matter was then transitioning from R&T’s conveyancing lawyers to the
litigation lawyers, and the litigation team was at the material time focused
on drafting OS 841/2018. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 122 lines 7–22.

The plaintiffs’ lawyers explained that the application to the High Court, ie,
OS 841/2018, had to be made within 14 days after the section 84A stop order
was issued on 27 June 2018 (pursuant to s 84A(2B)). The plaintiffs’ lawyers
stated that there was no intention not to disclose the fact of ownership by
the associates of Lim and Chan. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 123 line 2.

When the interrogatories were served on the plaintiffs, they answered promptly
without challenging the need for the interrogatories.

(2) Decision

131 The question here was whether there was an actual or a potential conflict
of interest by reason only of the fact that an associate owns another unit.

(A) Paragraph 2 of the Third Schedule

132 The statutory provision concerning a collective sale committee member’s
duty to disclose any actual or potential conflict of interest is para 2 of the
Third Schedule. The relevant provisions of para 2 state:

Disclosure of conflict of interests

2.—(1) If a person standing for election as a member of a collective sale
committee is aware of any conflict of interest or potential conflict of
interest, if any, with his duties or interests as a member of the collective
sale committee (should he be elected) arising from —

…

(c) his possession or ownership of any lot or common property that may be the
subject of the collective sale, whether alone or together with any of his
associates;

…

(g) his associate’s possession or ownership of any lot or common property that
may be the subject of the collective sale,

he shall, before his election, declare at the general meeting convened for
such election, the nature and extent of all such conflicts of interest or
potential conflicts of interest.

(2) The election of any person who fails to comply with sub‑paragraph (1)
shall be void.

(3) If a member of a collective sale committee becomes aware of any conflict
of interest or potential conflict of interest, if any, with his duties or
interests as a member of the collective sale committee arising from —

…

(c) his possession or ownership of any lot or common property that may be the
subject of the collective sale, whether alone or together with any of his
associates;

…

(g) his associate’s possession or ownership of any lot or common property that
may be the subject of the collective sale,

he must, within the relevant period, declare in writing to the chairperson of
the collective sale committee, the nature and extent of all such conflicts of
interest or potential conflicts of interest.

…

(6) For the purposes of sub‑paragraphs (1) and (3), a person, A, is an
associate of another person, B, if —

(a) A is the spouse or a parent, remoter lineal ancestor or step-parent or a
son, daughter, remoter issue, step-son or step-daughter or a brother or
sister, of B;

…

133 As can be seen, para 2(1) deals with a candidate standing for election as
a member of a collective sale committee. Paragraph 2(3) deals with a person
who is already elected as a member of a collective sale committee. The
specified situations to disclose any actual or potential conflict of interest
are the same for both. Hence, for present purposes, it is sufficient if I
refer only to the requirements to disclose conflicts of interest for a
candidate standing for election into a collective sale committee.

134 A collective sale committee candidate has to declare any actual or
potential conflict of interest “if any, with his duties or interests as a
member of the collective sale committee” [emphasis added] (para 2(1)). Such
conflict of interest may arise from, inter alia, his possession or ownership
of any lot in the strata development (para 2(1)(c)), or his associate’s
possession or ownership of any lot in the strata development (para 2(1)(g)).

135 By way of legislative history, para 2 of the Third Schedule was the result
of an amendment introduced by way of the Land Titles (Strata) (Amendment) Act
2010 (Act 13 of 2010). I will call this particular amendment, “the 2010
amendment”, and para 2 as it was prior to the 2010 amendment, “the previous
para 2”. The previous para 2 only stated as follows:

Disclosure of interests

2\. A person standing for election as a member of a collective sale committee
who has any direct or indirect interest in any property developer, property
consultant, marketing agent or legal firm, being an interest that could
conflict with the proper performance of his functions as a member of a
collective sale committee (should he be elected) shall, as soon as practicable
after the relevant facts have come to his knowledge, disclose the nature of
that interest at a general meeting.

136 The previous para 2 concerned a candidate’s duty to disclose a particular
type of conflict of interest before his election. Nevertheless, at the time
when the previous para 2 was in operation, the duty to disclose any actual or
potential conflict of interest was not confined to that stated in the previous
para 2. The Court of Appeal decided Horizon Towers (CA) when the previous para
2 was in operation. It held that at general law, there was a duty to disclose
any conflict of interest even if it was not of the kind specifically listed in
the previous para 2 or if it arose after the candidate’s election into the
collective sale committee (see [152]).

137 The previous para 2 was amended in various significant ways by the 2010
amendment (see the explanatory statement relating to the Land Titles (Strata)
(Amendment) Bill (Bill 9 of 2010) at p 32). For present purposes, I mention a
few.

138 First, the previous para 2 was amended to elaborate on the kind of
circumstances from which an actual or a potential conflict of interest may
arise for a candidate. As mentioned at [134] above, these circumstances now
include his or his associate’s possession or ownership of lots in the strata
development. It is also important to bear in mind that although, for example,
para 2(1)(c) specifically identifies the candidate’s ownership of a lot,
whether alone or together with any of his associates, as one such circumstance
to be considered, it does not say in terms that this circumstance would
necessarily give rise to an actual or a potential conflict of interest.
Likewise, para 2(1)(g) does not say in terms that the ownership of any lot by
an associate in the same strata development necessarily gives rise to an
actual or a potential conflict of interest.

139 Second, the previous para 2 was amended to expressly state that the
candidate’s obligation to declare any actual or potential conflict of interest
that he becomes aware of is a continuing one even after his election into the
collective sale committee (see para 2(3)). I add here that the expression for
the knowledge requirement was changed from the phrase “as soon as practicable
after the relevant facts have come to his knowledge” in the previous para 2,
to the phrase “aware of” in paras 2(1) and 2(3).

140 Third, the previous para 2 was amended to state that a candidate’s failure
to declare any actual or potential conflict of interest he was aware of before
his election would void his election (see para 2(2)).

141 When explaining the 2010 amendment in relation to conflicts of interest
which may arise from ownership of a lot by a candidate or his associate, Mr K
Shanmugam, the Minister for Law, explained (Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (18 May 2010) vol 87 at col 379):

Hereafter, it is proposed that candidates will also be required to declare the
extent of ownership they have in the strata development. In addition, they
will have to declare any ownership interests held by connected persons related
to them. Such connected persons will include immediate family members as well
as companies in which the candidate and/or his family collectively hold more
than 5% voting power. The aim of this additional disclosure requirement is to
enhance the transparency of the sales committee election process and help
other owners make a more informed decision on whom they should elect to their
sale committee.

142 The defendants referred to the Minister’s explanation for their submission
that declaration of the fact that an associate owns another unit must be made.
Because the Minister did not discuss the “awareness” element (see [139]
above), the defendants also contended that there was no scope for the argument
that declaration is only required when a candidate believes he has any actual
or potential conflict of interest. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 39 lines 1–7.

143 It seemed to me that it was arguable that the Minister’s explanation went
even further than the defendants’ submissions if considered at face value
only. The Minister’s explanation suggested that a candidate was to declare the
extent of his ownership in the strata development even if he owned only one
unit. The first part of the Minister’s explanation did not say that a
candidate was to declare the extent of his ownership only if he owned more
than one unit. “In addition”, a candidate was to declare the extent of
ownership of “connected persons” related to him, ie, “associates”.

144 The Minister’s explanation deserved further consideration. Two questions
arose:

(a) Does ownership by a candidate and/or his associate of a lot in a strata
development in and of itself conflict “with [a person’s] duties or interests
as a member of the collective sale committee”?

(b) If so, what would the candidate then have to declare under his obligation
to declare “the nature and extent” of such conflict of interest?

145 In this regard, I turn to the consider the decision of the Court of Appeal
in Horizon Towers (CA) which extensively discussed the collective sale
committee member’s duty to disclose conflict of interest (or more
specifically, his duty to avoid any actual or potential conflict of interest
and his duty to make full disclosure of relevant information). This decision
was rendered before the 2010 amendment.

(B) Horizon Towers (CA)

146 As mentioned, the Court of Appeal in Horizon Towers (CA) held that a
collective sale committee member has a duty to disclose any actual or
potential conflict of interest. However, the Court of Appeal did not have to
decide what exactly constitutes a potential conflict of interest. The Court of
Appeal noted at [142] that the position was not yet settled in Singapore
whether the test for a potential conflict of interest should be a test of
“mere possibility” of conflict or the less strict test of a “real sensible
possibility” (the former was favoured by the majority in the UK House of Lords
case of Boardman and another v Phipps [1967] 2 AC 46, while the latter was
crafted by Lord Upjohn in his dissenting judgment in that case). The Court of
Appeal however accepted in Horizon Towers (CA) that it was arguable that the
stricter approach is preferable for three reasons (at [142]–[145]): (i) there
is the need to extinguish all possibility of temptation that a collective sale
committee member may abuse his position and to deter him from so doing; (ii)
there is the difficulty of inquiring into a person’s state of mind or motives
and ascertaining whether he has an actual conflict of interest; and (iii)
there is the difficulty of detecting an actual conflict of interest given the
ease with which he may conceal it.

147 As for the duty of full disclosure, the Court of Appeal explained at
[147]–[148]:

147 The fiduciary must disclose the personal interest as soon as a possible
conflict arises, or as soon after as practicable. An ‘interest’ may be
constituted by ‘the presence of some personal concern of possible significant
pecuniary value in a decision taken, or transaction effected, by a fiduciary’
… It may be an interest which is not yet fully realised …

148 In an adversarial trial, the burden of proving full disclosure lies on the
fiduciary … Mere disclosure that he has an interest or the informal making of
statements that might put a principal on enquiry is not sufficient. It is also
not enough to prove that had the fiduciary asked for permission, it would have
been given … In an application before [a Board], the burden should not be any
less on the [collective sale committee]. It entails full disclosure to the
objecting owners as well as the [Board].

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

148 Because of the factual matrix before it, the Court of Appeal in Horizon
Towers (CA) also specifically mentioned in relation to the duty to disclose
conflict of interest (at [152]):

… [a collective sale committee] member who acquires additional units in the
strata development (especially if they are financed by bank loans) before or
after he becomes a member of the [collective sale committee] must disclose
such interest to all the subsidiary proprietors including the objecting
owners. [original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

149 I will set out the facts in Horizon Towers (CA). In doing so, I will draw
from the decision of the Court of Appeal in Shunfu Ville (CA) (at [60]–[61])
which was given after the 2010 amendment. The Court of Appeal in Shunfu Ville
(CA) generally affirmed its judgment in Horizon Towers (CA) (as mentioned at
[99] above) and also explained how that judgment should be approached.

150 In Horizon Towers (CA), the collective sale committee decided to sell the
property to a developer at the reserve price despite: (i) a suggestion from a
collective sale committee member to seek the consenting subsidiary
proprietors’ approval to do so, given that property prices had suddenly risen
quite sharply; (ii) the collective sale committee’s knowledge that it would
not obtain such approval; and (iii) the presence of other potential offers,
including a letter of offer to purchase the property for a higher price. Also,
adopting the Court of Appeal’s description in Shunfu Ville (CA) (at [60(b)])
of the facts in Horizon Towers (CA):

Two members of the sale committee in that case, one of whom was the chairman,
had purchased additional units with the assistance of substantial financing in
the period leading to their appointment, but this was not disclosed prior to
the committee’s decision to go ahead with the sale of the property. [emphasis
added]

151 Against this background, on the failure of these two collective sale
committee members to disclose their “possible if not actual conflict[s] of
interest”, the Court of Appeal in Shunfu Ville (CA) (at [61(a)]) explained
that:

… In [Horizon Towers (CA)], there was such a concern over a possible conflict
of interest by virtue of the fact that certain members had made additional
purchases of units in the lead-up to their appointment to the sale committee
and had not made any disclosure of this fact prior to the decision to sell the
property. The fact that those members elected not to testify to explain their
non-disclosure suggested to the court that there was no reasonable explanation
for the hasty decision to sell the property and that the conflict of interest
had influenced their decision. … [emphasis added]

152 To summarise, the Court of Appeal in Horizon Towers (CA) held that the two
members’ potential conflicts of interest “[arose] from their purchase of
additional units in the Property on bank financing” in the lead-up to their
appointment to the collective sale committee (see Horizon Towers (CA) at
[188]). This conflicted with their duties as collective sale committee members
because the reasonable inference was that such a purchase “had created an
urgency on their part to sell the Property as quickly as possible”.

(C) Decision on the sub-issue of conflict of interest

153 In response to the question I raised at [144(a)] above, I was of the view
that ownership by a candidate and/or his associate of a lot in a strata
development does not in and of itself necessarily raise an actual or a
potential conflict with his duties or interests as a member of the collective
sale committee.

154 The terms of the relevant statutory provision, ie, para 2(1) of the Third
Schedule, are paramount. As set out at [132] above, it states that if a
candidate is “aware of any conflict of interest or potential conflict of
interest, if any, with his duties or interests as a member of the collective
sale committee” arising from the listed circumstances, he has to declare the
nature and extent of all such actual or potential conflicts of interest
[emphasis added].

155 The phrase “if any” is important. In my view, it means that the mere fact
that a candidate owns a unit or his associate owns another unit does not
necessarily mean that there is an actual or a potential conflict of interest.
Otherwise that qualification “if any” is otiose.

156 Moreover, pursuant to para 1(3) of the Third Schedule, a candidate would
be someone who is a subsidiary proprietor, or a nominee for election by a
subsidiary proprietor which is a company, or a member of a subsidiary
proprietor’s immediate family who is nominated for election by that subsidiary
proprietor. If mere ownership of a unit raised an actual or a potential
conflict, every candidate would necessarily have an actual or a potential
conflict of interest before his election into the collective sale committee
(see the meaning of “associate” under para 2(3)). Every candidate would then,
as a matter of course, always have to declare before his election the nature
and extent of his conflict of interest, ie, the nature and extent of his or
his associate’s ownership.

157 The Court of Appeal in Shunfu Ville (CA) did not take the approach that
with para 2 (the result of the 2010 amendment), every candidate would
necessarily have an actual or a potential conflict of interest and would
always have to declare before his election the nature and extent of his or his
associate’s ownership. First, in generally affirming its judgment in Horizon
Towers (CA) and explaining how that judgment should be approached, the Court
of Appeal in Shunfu Ville (CA) did not suggest that the 2010 amendment
affected the analysis in Horizon Towers (CA) on the issue of whether the
collective sale committee members had any actual or potential conflicts of
interest.

158 Second, the Court of Appeal in Shunfu Ville (CA) made an effort to explain
how in Horizon Towers (CA) the two members’ potential conflicts of interest
arose from their purchase of additional units (i) with the assistance of
substantial bank financing and (ii) in the lead-up to their appointment to the
collective sale committee (see [150]–[151] above). As mentioned at [152]
above, because of these two factors, the two collective sale committee members
likely had an urgency to sell the strata development as quickly as possible.
This thus potentially conflicted with their duty to act with conscientiousness
to obtain the best sale price reasonably obtainable (see Horizon Towers (CA)
at [188]), and thus their duties as members of a collective sale committee.

159 This reasoning shows that mere ownership does not in and of itself
necessarily raise an actual or a potential conflict of interest. This should
be the case unless there is some reason to suggest otherwise, like the two
factors in the case of the two collective sale committee members in Horizon
Towers (CA). To be clear, a candidate’s mere ownership of a unit does not
raise a potential conflict whether on the test of “mere possibility” of
conflict or on the test of a “real sensible possibility”. By extension, an
associate’s mere ownership of a unit also does not in and of itself
necessarily raise an actual or a potential conflict with the candidate’s
duties or interests as a collective sale committee member.

160 Therefore, while disclosure of the nature and extent of a candidate’s
ownership or the existence of ownership by an associate would provide more
information to subsidiary proprietors, that disclosure is not mandated by the
LTSA unless there is an actual or a potential conflict of interest.

161 Accordingly, the question posed at [144(b)] above was academic in the
present circumstances.

162 Was there any evidence of an actual or a potential conflict other than the
fact of the ownership of a unit by an associate?

163 The defendants submitted that the associates of Lim and Chan own the same
type of unit as them, resulting in what would appear to be an
overrepresentation of that type of unit on the CSC. I accepted that the
defendants could not have raised this ground of objection before the Board
because the plaintiffs only answered on 7 August 2018 that Lim and Chan have
associates who each owns another unit of the same type as them. This answer
came after the defendants had filed their objections to the Board. I thus
proceeded to consider this ground of objection.

164 In my view, there was no suggestion that the apportionment of sale
proceeds was unfair. Just as the mere fact of an associate’s ownership of
another unit is insufficient to give rise to an actual or a potential conflict
of interest, the mere fact that that other unit is of the same type is also
insufficient. Since the LTSA does not regulate the composition of a collective
sale committee, Lim and Chan also did not have to declare before their
elections that their associates own the same type of unit as them.

165 I also did not find that Lim and Chan had or potentially had extra
interest and urgency to push through with the collective sale as quickly as
possible solely by virtue of the fact that they have associates who each owns
another unit.

166 Therefore, I found that Lim and Chan had no conflict of interest to
declare before their elections, and they did not have to declare that they
have associates who each owns another unit. However, they should have done so
to avoid unnecessary suspicion especially when questions about such ownership
by associates had been raised specifically at the EGM on 9 September 2017. I
will elaborate on this point later.

167 If I were wrong on the point that Lim and Chan had no conflicts of
interest to disclose, their conduct should be considered further. They said
they relied on legal advice that there was no actual or potential conflict of
interest on their part. This was not disputed. I was of the view that they
were entitled to rely on legal advice even if that advice turned out to be
wrong.

168 In the circumstances, I accepted that even if Lim and Chan were obliged in
law to disclose the fact of ownership by their associates, the omission to do
so was based on legal advice. That omission, as well as the omission by the
plaintiffs’ lawyers to answer questions raised by the defendants’ lawyers
concerning the question of ownership of units by associates (see [130] above),
was not evidence of bad faith.

169 Further, even if Lim and Chan each had a duty to declare the ownership by
their associates because such ownership would mean that Lim and Chan each had
an actual or a potential conflict of interest, their non-disclosure would not
necessarily have meant that the collective sale transaction was not in good
faith. As the Court of Appeal stated in Horizon Towers (CA) at [151] (and
affirmed in Harbour View Gardens (CA) ([49] supra) at [44]):

… any non-disclosure of a conflict of interest … may affect the requirement of
good faith in the transaction, especially if the [collective sale committee]
member has played a decisive, influential or leading role in [a collective
sale committee]’s decision to enter into the transaction. Each case of a
failure to disclose a conflict of interest must be examined closely to
determine the significance and consequences of the breach in relation to the
transaction as a whole.

(D) Additional remarks

170 That said, I agreed that the matter should have been better handled by
Lim, Chan and R&T, the lawyers for the CSC who also acted for the plaintiffs.

171 I asked the plaintiffs at the hearing as to why the CSC and R&T took the
risk of choosing not to disclose the ownership by the associates of Lim and
Chan when specifically questioned on this matter at the EGM on 9 September
2017. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 116 lines 5–9.

172 From the minutes of that EGM, 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 579.

it was recorded that two subsidiary proprietors had asked what “conflict of
interest” meant when the Third Schedule required the CSC to declare conflicts
of interest. One of them mentioned that the conflict of interest declaration
should be pasted at prominent spots of the Property. A third subsidiary
proprietor specifically asked whether the CSC members have associates who own
other units. Of these three subsidiary proprietors, only one of them is a
defendant in the present application. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 56 lines 10–15.

These queries were dealt with in the following manner as recorded in the
minutes: 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 579.

Managing Agent mentioned the last EOGM [ie, the EGM on 1 July 2017] was voice-
recorded with the CSC elected declaring that they do not have any conflict of
interests.

…

CSC mentioned that the procedures will be adhered by the CSC, [Knight Frank]
and R&T, to ensure a smooth exercise, and not allow the collective sale to
fail due to technical issues.

[R&T] advised that the member of the CSC must declare his conflict of interest
as provided in Paragraph 2 of the Third Schedule of the Land Titles (Strata)
Act. The declaration will be pasted on the notice board within 7 days if he is
aware of the conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest as member
of the CSC. This is under the Land Titles Strata Act Schedule 3 Paragraph
2(4), and paragraph 3 is a continual declaration.

173 Neither the CSC nor R&T answered the question whether the CSC members have
associates who own other units. The transcript provided of the audio recording
of that EGM showed that this was in spite of the abovementioned three
subsidiary proprietors’ persistence in asking about the disclosure of
conflicts of interest, to the point that one of them requested specifically
that the minutes record the discussion of this issue. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 859–860; see also Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 123,
pp 853–860.

174 Even though R&T had advised that there was no conflict, R&T should also
have advised Lim and Chan to disclose the ownership by their associates to
avoid unnecessary suspicion. Furthermore, this would have been the prudent
step in case R&T’s advice that there was no conflict was wrong.

175 I add also that Chan was recorded as saying: 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 858.

… We are not here, as volunteers, as ah… supporting the interests of the
majority hopefully, to actually mess up along the way. … Nobody is interested
in making ensuring ah.., ah.., to allow ourselves to be screwed by some
technical ah.., proceedings. [emphasis added]

176 While acknowledging that the process should not be thwarted by any
technicality, Chan appeared to be oblivious to the fact that his refusal to
respond openly on the issue of ownership of units by associates might provide
ammunition for a technical objection to be raised. It was a simple step for
Lim and Chan to have just declared the ownership by their associates in the
interest of avoiding suspicion while maintaining that they had no conflict of
interest.

177 Of course, this is not to say that once a person becomes a collective sale
committee candidate or member, his life becomes an open book to the subsidiary
proprietors. He is not obliged to answer every question of subsidiary
proprietors and he should exercise good sense in choosing when and when not to
answer certain questions. Every collective sale committee and its professional
advisers should keep in mind that it is the interests of the collective sale
committee to avoid suspicion so as to minimise objections and ill will.

178 The refusal by Lim and Chan to disclose, when initially asked, fuelled
suspicion that something was amiss. Later, the omission to respond to written
requests from the defendants’ lawyers added more fuel to the suspicion. By the
time a positive answer was given, it appeared to come too late to assuage the
suspicion raised.

179 Furthermore, the plaintiffs should not have waited until the time of the
hearing to explain in the course of oral submissions why their lawyers omitted
to respond to written requests for information from the defendants’ lawyers
(see [130] above). This explanation should have been given candidly by way of
an affidavit filed before the hearing and not by oral disclosure only at the
hearing itself. The matter was not well handled especially by the plaintiffs’
lawyers but that too was not evidence of bad faith on the part of the
plaintiffs’ lawyers or the CSC.

Approvals of the apportionment of sale proceeds and of the terms and
conditions of the CSA

(1) Parties’ arguments

180 I come to the second sub-issue on the omission to approve the
apportionment of sale proceeds and of the terms and conditions of the CSA at a
general meeting of the management corporation, in this case, the EGM on 9
September 2017. I have already touched upon this earlier.

181 To recapitulate, this omission was a breach of paras 7(1)(b) and 7(1)(c)
of the Third Schedule.

182 The defendants alleged that Lim had made it clear to the subsidiary
proprietors before the EGM that there would be no voting or variations at the
EGM in respect of these aspects of the CSA. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 162, 164; Kok’s 1st affidavit at
p 90.

The defendants argued that the CSC also misrepresented to the subsidiary
proprietors that they could not vote on these aspects of the CSA, thus
severely prejudicing the rights of the minority owners to vote on them. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 163.

Further, the defendants submitted that the EGM was attended by subsidiary
proprietors of lots with 335 share values out of the total of 783 share values
(ie, 42.8%, a minority by share value). 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 578; NAs 12/09/18 at p 54 line 25, p 55 lines
1–2.

183 The plaintiffs submitted that on or around 18 August 2017, the CSC had
circulated the CSA to the subsidiary proprietors ahead of the EGM. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at para 22; NAs 13/09/18 at p 108 lines 2–6.

The plaintiffs submitted that the apportionment of sale proceeds and the terms
and conditions of the CSA were then explained at the EGM. As mentioned at [75]
above, the plaintiffs did not initially admit that there was a breach of paras
7(1)(b) and 7(1)(c) of the Third Schedule, and had instead stressed that it
was sufficient if more than 50% of the subsidiary proprietors who attended the
EGM signed the CSA that day, after the EGM was concluded. According to the
plaintiffs, the EGM was attended by subsidiary proprietors of the lots with
507 share values who collectively own 135 units, and those with 296 share
values (58.4%) who collectively own 76 units (56.3%) signed the CSA that day,
after the EGM was concluded. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Plaintiffs’ “List of owners who signed CSA on 9 September 2017 EGM” at p 5;
Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 113. In this regard, it was noted
that the latter reference (citing Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 25) provided
that subsidiary proprietors who collectively own 76 units signed the CSA,
while the former reference provided that subsidiary proprietors who
collectively own 77 units signed the CSA.

There seemed to be a discrepancy between the parties on the total number of
share values held by the subsidiary proprietors who attended the EGM (ie, the
defendants’ figure of 335 share values (see [182] above) and the plaintiffs’
figure of 507 share values), but the defendants appeared to have accepted that
in any event, more than 50% of them, by share values or units, had signed the
CSA that day, after the EGM was concluded.

184 The plaintiffs subsequently conceded orally at the hearing that “there may
well not have been approval at the meeting per se” of the apportionment of
sale proceeds and of the terms and conditions of the CSA. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 125 line 25, p 126 line 1.

185 The plaintiffs orally explained that R&T had advised the CSC that no
voting by the subsidiary proprietors was needed at the EGM to approve these
aspects of the CSA. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 128 lines 16–19.

The plaintiffs informed the court that R&T had given its advice based on the
previous paras 7(1)(b), 7(1)(c) and 7(2) of the Third Schedule in operation
prior to the Land Titles (Strata) (Amendment) Act 2010. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 66 lines 20–25, p 67 line 1.

Under these provisions, before any subsidiary proprietor signed the collective
sale agreement, the collective sale committee had to convene general meetings
of the management corporation to “consider” the apportionment of sale proceeds
and the terms and conditions of the collective sale agreement. These
provisions did not mention the need to approve these aspects of the CSA at
such meetings.

186 The plaintiffs also submitted that to date, subsidiary proprietors of lots
with more than 80% of the share values and more than 80% of the total area of
all the lots had signed the CSA and they continued to support the collective
sale. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 115.

(2) Decision

187 Unfortunately, the non-compliance with paras 7(1)(b) and 7(1)(c) of the
Third Schedule was the result of advice from R&T. R&T had advised that it was
sufficient for the assenting subsidiary proprietors to sign the CSA after the
EGM. Clearly, such advice was wrong.

188 Relying on such advice, the CSC stuck to the position that there was to be
no voting at the EGM even though some subsidiary proprietors had questioned
whether this position was correct. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 76–92.

It was unfortunate that the CSC members appeared not to have considered the
matter more carefully by themselves. It appeared that they had simply accepted
their lawyers’ advice without question. While, in principle, they were
entitled to rely on their lawyers’ advice, the CSC members should have
questioned the validity of the advice in the circumstances in the light of
questions being raised and of the clear terms of paras 7(1)(b) and 7(1)(c) and
also para 7(2). A collective sale committee cannot simply delegate its duties
to its professional advisers or simply rely on the advice given to excuse any
lapses in respect of its duties (see Horizon Towers (CA) at [160], which
discussed valuers specifically). Be that as it may, the breach of the relevant
provisions was caused by R&T. It was not evidence of bad faith on the part of
the CSC.

189 It is true that s 84A(9)(a)(i) is concerned with whether “the transaction
is not in good faith”, and a finding that the transaction is not in good faith
does not necessarily need to be confined to the conduct of the collective sale
committee alone but may take into account the conduct of its professional
advisers too (see Harbour View Gardens (CA) ([49] supra) at [45], [52]). In
any case, the collective sale committee’s professional advisers are also its
agents for the purposes of the collective sale (see Harbour View Gardens (CA)
at [45]). However, while it was regrettable that the legal advice provided
here was obviously wrong, I did not conclude that R&T acted in bad faith in
giving this wrong legal advice to the CSC.

190 I added that I was not persuaded that there was prejudice to any
subsidiary proprietor. Despite the unsatisfactory state of affairs where the
subsidiary proprietors, especially the minority owners, were deprived of their
entitlement to vote on the apportionment of sale proceeds and on the terms and
conditions of the CSA at the EGM, it was not disputed that a simple majority
of the subsidiary proprietors who attended the EGM signed the CSA that day,
after the EGM was concluded. Furthermore, although there had been a suggestion
prior to the EGM that some subsidiary proprietors might not attend the EGM if
they thought that there would not be any voting on the various aspects of the
CSA, 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 84; NAs 14/09/18 at p 120 lines 21–24.

there was no evidence from anyone to say he did not attend the EGM on this
basis. As at the date of the hearing, subsidiary proprietors of lots with not
less than 80% of the share values and not less than 80% of the total area of
all the lots had signed the CSA and made an application for an order for the
collective sale pursuant to s 84A(1)(b).

Election of the CSC members

(1) Parties’ arguments

191 The third sub-issue on the question of good faith pertained to how the six
elected CSC members had campaigned to be elected as a “6-man bloc”. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 149; Lim Hun Joo’s 3rd affidavit
filed on 4 September 2018 (“Lim’s 3rd affidavit”) at para 44.

The defendants submitted that Lim had said at the EGM on 1 July 2017 that the
team of six “had to be elected in its entirety or none would accept the
appointment” and that Lim had “spent a considerable time during the meeting to
ask the owners to limit the number of CSC members to six”. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 151.

The defendants submitted that as the team sought to limit the number of the
CSC members to a small number of six, that ran the risk that the CSC would
tend not to represent a wider cross-section of owners of various types of
units in the Property. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 152.

The defendants also suggested that if Lim and Chan had declared their alleged
conflicts of interest before their elections into the CSC (see [34] above),
the seventh and last candidate who stood for election might have been elected
into the CSC instead. The defendants further suggested that since the
elections of Lim and Chan were void (pursuant to para 2(2) of the Third
Schedule) because they did not declare their alleged conflicts of interest
before their elections, 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 155.

the elections of the other CSC members should also be void since they chose to
campaign to be elected as a “6-man bloc”. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 156.

192 As mentioned before at [128] above, the plaintiffs submitted that the
defendants’ complaint regarding the composition of the CSC had not been raised
before the Board. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 73.

The plaintiffs argued that the LTSA does not prescribe or limit the
composition of the CSC and the CSC members did not have to declare their unit
ownership details. The plaintiffs submitted that the subsidiary proprietors
voted and determined the size of the CSC and then voted each CSC member into
the CSC individually. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 74.

The plaintiffs submitted that despite Lim’s campaigning slogan that the team
of six “had to be elected in its entirety or none would accept the
appointment”, if one of them had not been elected into the CSC, the remaining
five members could continue to be members of the CSC and were not obliged to
step down. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 99 lines 1–21.

The plaintiffs added that the defendants were not challenging the method of
distributing the proceeds of the collective sale. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 73.

(2) Decision

193 I found that not all aspects of this ground of objection pertaining to the
election of the CSC members had been raised before the Board. Before the
Board, the defendants stated: 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 647.

The election of the CSC members was not carried out in good faith. At the EGM
on 1 July 2017, [Lim] said that 6 candidates had formed a team which had to be
elected in its entirety or none would accept the appointment. There is no
requirement under the LTSA that a team must be voted for in its entirety. In
addition, since the number of CSC members had already been voted and fixed at
6, this precluded any minority [subsidiary proprietor] representation in the
CSC committee.

194 In this regard, the defendants had not raised specifically before the
Board: (i) the risk that the CSC would tend not to represent a wider cross-
section of owners of various types of units; and (ii) the consequences arising
from the alleged failure of Lim and Chan to declare their conflicts of
interest before their elections into the CSC. With respect to (i), since this
had not been raised before the Board when it could have been, the defendants
were not allowed to raise it before the High Court, pursuant to s 84A(4A).

195 With respect to (ii), I have mentioned at [63] above that the relevant
information was not disclosed to the defendants before they raised objections
before the Board, and they were therefore not precluded from relying on such
information to raise their objection before the High Court.

196 For completeness, I will nevertheless comment on all aspects of the
defendants’ ground of objection pertaining to the election of the CSC members.

197 The LTSA does not regulate the composition of a collective sale committee.
Furthermore, the use of election strategies to persuade others to vote
candidates into the collective sale committee as a team is not prohibited. At
the EGM, the subsidiary proprietors voted and determined the size of the CSC,
and the candidates were still elected individually. All the six subsidiary
proprietors who stood as a team were elected into the CSC. Even if one of them
was not elected, that would not necessarily mean that the rest of the team who
were elected would have to decline their elections unless they specifically
said that they would so decline in that event. Likewise, even if the elections
of Lim and Chan were void, that would not affect the elections of other
members of the CSC. In any event, I found that Lim and Chan had no conflict of
interest to declare before their elections (see [166] above).

198 Also, the defendants did not challenge the method of distributing the
proceeds of sale (s 84A(9)(a)(i)(B)). In my view, the defendants’ ground of
objection pertaining to the election of the CSC members did not show that the
transaction was not in good faith after taking into account only the sale
price (s 84A(9)(a)(i)(A)).

Appointment of Knight Frank and the re-negotiation of Knight Frank’s fees

(1) Parties’ arguments

199 The fourth sub-issue on the question of good faith pertained to the
appointment of Knight Frank and the CSC’s failure to re-negotiate Knight
Frank’s fees subsequently. The defendants submitted that the CSC appointed
Knight Frank as the marketing agent in undue haste and with undue preference
for Knight Frank. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 166, 172.

The defendants submitted that it was unclear if the CSC had genuinely reviewed
all other candidates before Knight Frank was appointed. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Defendants ’Written Submissions at para 168.

The defendants also alleged that the CSC had failed to provide to the
subsidiary proprietors information on the competing proposals from other
marketing agents. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 168.

200 The defendants also submitted that Knight Frank had offered the worst
terms with the highest DC estimate, the lowest reserve price range and the
highest abortive fee. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 171.

The defendants argued that Knight Frank’s fees were structured based on the
reserve price of $550m which had been set on the basis that there was a DC
payable for the Property. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 173.

The defendants submitted that when the CSC subsequently learnt that no DC was
payable, the CSC ought to have negotiated to adjust Knight Frank’s fees
accordingly so the costs of the collective sale could remain competitive and
not cause loss to the subsidiary proprietors. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 174.

The defendants argued that Knight Frank had been the one giving the wrong
information about there being a DC. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 130 lines 16–20, p 133 lines 10–12.

201 On the other hand, the plaintiffs submitted that this ground of objection
concerning the CSC’s dealings with Knight Frank had not been raised before the
Board. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 75.

The plaintiffs submitted that in any event, the CSC had only appointed Knight
Frank after careful consideration of the competing proposals by the other two
potential marketing agents. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 76.

The plaintiffs argued that Knight Frank’s fee rate was the lowest at the time
it was appointed because the CSC had reasonably expected a collective sale at
around $500m then. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 78.

At the sale price of $610m, Knight Frank’s fees were eventually higher than
the others because its fees were on a tiered basis. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 570; Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 148.

It would receive more only because the sale price was higher than expected.
The plaintiffs also argued that there was no legal basis for the CSC to have
re-negotiated Knight Frank’s fees as suggested by the defendants, and that
such action might have been unconscionable when Knight Frank had substantially
performed its contractual obligations. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 80.

The plaintiffs submitted that the CSC was also not prepared to distract and
discourage Knight Frank from doing its job of marketing the Property in the
midst of the tender period. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 81.

(2) Decision

202 This ground of objection pertaining to the appointment of Knight Frank and
the CSC’s failure to subsequently re-negotiate Knight Frank’s fees had been
raised before the Board, where the defendants stated, inter alia: 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 645–646.

The CSC acted with undue haste and undue preference in appointing Knight Frank
as the property consultant and marketing agent[.]

…

As the [DC] had been revised, which in turn meant that the [reserve price]
ought to have been increased above the eventual price of $550 million, the CSC
ought to have carried out corresponding negotiations or adjustments of the
marketing fees for Knight Frank accordingly …

203 There was some dispute as to the date of appointment of Knight Frank. The
defendants submitted that Knight Frank must have been appointed on 7 July
2017, as it had stated in its presentation slides for the EGM on 9 September
2017. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 595.

Knight Frank would then have been appointed two days before the CSC meeting on
9 July 2017, contrary to the plaintiffs’ submission that the CSC had evaluated
and selected Knight Frank as the marketing agent during that CSC meeting. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at para 19, p 570.

Knight Frank would then also have been appointed the same day (ie, 7 July
2017) on which another marketing agent had made its presentation to the CSC.
171

##### Foot Note 171

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 554.

To these allegations, Lim and Knight Frank’s representative filed affidavits
stating that Knight Frank had made a typographical error in its presentation
slides as to its appointment date. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

See Lim’s 3rd affidavit at para 51; Loh Kai Chieh’s 2nd affidavit filed on 4
September 2018 (“Loh’s 2nd affidavit”) at para 62.

The defendants argued that this was hardly believable and appeared to be a
convenient excuse. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 169.

It was not in dispute that the CSC met with the other two potential marketing
agents on 5 July 2017 and 7 July 2017 respectively, and that the CSC received
their competing proposals. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at pp 501, 554, 570.

I thus proceeded on the basis that Knight Frank was selected as the marketing
agent after the CSC considered the respective proposals by the potential
marketing agents.

204 The CSC was already authorised at the EGM on 1 July 2017 to appoint a
property consultant which meant a marketing agent. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

See Lim’s 1st affidavit at pp 409, 418.

Accordingly, there was no need for the CSC to convene another general meeting
of the management corporation to appoint Knight Frank as the marketing agent.
This was consistent with para 7(1)(a) of the Third Schedule. Since the
subsidiary proprietors would then not be appointing the marketing agent at
another general meeting, there was thus no need for the CSC to provide to the
subsidiary proprietors information on the competing proposals from the other
marketing agents.

205 There was no suggestion by the defendants that the CSC’s initial
expectation of a sale price of $500m was untrue or was too low at the time it
appointed Knight Frank as the marketing agent. Furthermore, Knight Frank’s
terms of remuneration were on a tiered basis meaning that its fees would be
proportionately higher only if a sale price higher than $550m was achieved.
The fees for the other two potential marketing agents were higher if the sale
price did not exceed $550m. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 148.

In the light of this, I was of the view that Knight Frank’s terms of
remuneration were not excessive at the time it was appointed.

206 I also found it unrealistic for the defendants to suggest that the CSC
ought to have re-negotiated Knight Frank’s fees when the CSC subsequently
learnt that no DC was payable. The CSC and Knight Frank only found out that
there was no DC payable at a very late stage, ie, nine days from the close of
the public tender (see [20] and [25] above). The CSC (and the subsidiary
proprietors) would have very much needed Knight Frank’s expertise in advising
on the next course of action in the collective sale process and acting
quickly, if the need arose, at that time. It would hardly be reasonable, let
alone prudent, for the CSC to have attempted to re-negotiate Knight Frank’s
fees at such a critical time. On the contrary, if the CSC had attempted to re-
negotiate Knight Frank’s fees at such a time, an objection might validly be
raised that the CSC had distracted itself and the marketing agent from
focusing on doing what was necessary to obtain the appropriate sale price in
the circumstances. The defendants’ argument that the CSC ought to have re-
negotiated Knight Frank’s fees at that time did not reflect well on the
defendants. It suggested that they were trying to find fault with the CSC.

Keeping and/or displaying the minutes of three meetings

(1) Parties’ arguments

207 For the fifth sub-issue on the question of good faith, the defendants
submitted, at the hearing, that the CSC failed to keep and/or display the
minutes of three meetings: the EGM on 9 September 2017, the owners’ meeting on
25 January 2018 and the owners’ meeting on 19 March 2018. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 8 lines 20–21, p 10 lines 7–16, p 14 lines 5–12.

The defendants argued that the CSC thus failed to comply with paras 9(1) and
9(2) of the Third Schedule and/or an extension of these requirements which was
discussed by the Court of Appeal in Harbour View Gardens (CA) ([49] supra)
(which I will discuss later). 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 177–178; Kok’s 1st affidavit at
para 157; NAs 13/09/18 at p 8 lines 21–24.

The defendants submitted that the CSC’s non-compliance prejudiced the rights
of the subsidiary proprietors to recapitulate and understand the key points of
these important meetings. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 183–184.

208 The plaintiffs submitted that this ground of objection concerning the
minutes of meetings had not been raised before the Board. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at paras 116–117.

The plaintiffs submitted in their skeletal submissions that Lim had stated in
his affidavit that “the CSC had, at the relevant time, published the 1st and
2nd EGM [held on 1 July 2017 and 9 September 2017 respectively] and all CSC
meeting minutes”. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

See also Lim’s 3rd affidavit at para 59.

However, at the hearing, the plaintiffs instead orally submitted that the
minutes of the EGM on 9 September 2017 were not posted and did not have to be
posted under para 9(2) of the Third Schedule, which required only minutes of
the CSC meetings to be displayed on the notice board in the Property. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 63 lines 22–25, p 64 lines 1–7.

The plaintiffs also argued that while the CSC kept the minutes of the owners’
meetings on both 25 January 2018 and 19 March 2018, 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Lim’s 1st affidavit at pp 372–378, 614–615.

paras 9(1) and 9(2) did not apply to these minutes because owners’ meetings
were neither CSC meetings nor general meetings. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 63 lines 17–18.

(2) Decision

209 I found that this ground of objection as the defendants submitted at the
hearing (ie, that the CSC failed to keep and/or display the minutes of the
three abovementioned meetings) had not been raised before the Board. Before
the Board, the defendants stated: 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 644.

The CSC did not comply with the requirement to keep records in accordance with
paragraph 9 of the Third Schedule of the LTSA. At the owners’ meeting on 19
March 2018, the CSC and Knight Frank claimed that after the CSC found out from
the URA on 26 February 2018 that there would be no [DC], they had engaged in
extensive marketing efforts to update potential purchasers of this error in
[DC]. It would therefore be reasonable to expect that meetings would have been
held to discuss these extensive marketing efforts, if there were any. However,
despite a request on 15 March 2018 by some of the [subsidiary proprietors] for
a copy of all the CSC meeting minutes to date, there were no records kept of
meetings, if any, after the update from the URA on 26 February 2018. [emphasis
added]

210 In the defendants’ ground of objection before the Board, they were
referring to the minutes of all the CSC meetings that had been held during the
period between 26 February 2018 to 15 March 2018 inclusive. This was not the
ground of objection before the High Court as submitted at the hearing. Also,
in the defendants’ ground of objection before the Board, they did not mention
that the CSC failed to keep and/or display the minutes of the EGM on 9
September 2017 and the owners’ meetings on 25 January 2018 and 19 March 2018,
although the defendants could have mentioned it. The defendants were thus not
allowed to raise it before the High Court, pursuant to s 84A(4A).

211 In any event, I found that the CSC did not breach paras 9(1) and 9(2) of
the Third Schedule by not displaying the minutes of the three meetings
complained of. Paragraphs 9(1) and 9(2) state:

Keeping of records

9.—(1) The collective sale committee shall keep minutes of its proceedings and
shall cause minutes of general meetings convened in accordance with the Second
Schedule to be kept.

(2) If the management corporation is required by its by-laws to maintain a
notice board, the collective sale committee shall cause a copy of the minutes
of a meeting of the collective sale committee to be displayed on the notice
board within 7 days after the meeting.

…

[emphasis added in bold]

Paragraphs 9(1) and 9(2) do not require the CSC to display the minutes of the
EGM or the owners’ meetings.

212 I also did not find that the Court of Appeal in Harbour View Gardens (CA)
extended the statutory requirements in paras 9(1) and 9(2) beyond what is
stated in those paragraphs. At [36] of the decision, which the defendants
referred me to, the Court of Appeal was referring to “the proceedings of both
[collective sale committee] meetings and of general meetings of the subsidiary
proprietors”, and it cited paras 8(3) and 9(1) in this regard. The Court of
Appeal also expressly stated that the requirements in para 9(2) (and para
9(4)) pertained to collective sale committee meetings.

213 That said, it seemed that Lim’s affidavit was wrong when he had stated
that the CSC had published the minutes of the EGM on 9 September 2017, when
this had not in fact been done (see [208] above). There was no explanation as
to why he made such an error.

Minority owners raising valid concerns over the collective sale

(1) Parties’ arguments

214 The sixth sub-issue on the question of good faith pertained to the CSC’s
failure to allow minority owners to raise valid concerns over the collective
sale on multiple occasions throughout the collective sale process. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 186.

The defendants also alleged that the CSC did not act with impartiality and
good faith to safeguard the interests of minority owners whom the CSC publicly
reprimanded and ridiculed. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 192.

The defendants further alleged that the CSC condoned the unruly behaviour of
the majority owners by not asking them to calm down when they booed the
minority owners and prevented them from expressing their concerns. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 188.

The defendants submitted that the CSC owed the duty of even-handedness to both
majority owners and minority owners. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 190.

215 On the other hand, the plaintiffs submitted that the CSC, with Knight
Frank, had always been prepared to listen to the views of all subsidiary
proprietors whether they were majority owners or minority owners. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 119.

The plaintiffs also submitted that the conduct of other subsidiary proprietors
was not within the CSC’s control and could not be imputed to the CSC. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 120.

The plaintiffs also contended that the conduct of other subsidiary proprietors
was irrelevant to the merits of the present application before the court.

(2) Decision

216 It was not disputed that this ground of objection pertaining to the CSC’s
failure to allow minority owners to raise valid concerns had been raised
before the Board. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 648.

217 I did not find that the CSC prevented minority owners from raising valid
concerns over the collective sale. From the defendants’ own affidavit, they
stated that “[t]he 8th Defendant, together with the 3rd Defendant and the 9th
Defendant, had only spent an hour or so with Knight Frank where they did
discuss the [reserve price] among other things. The CSC had also joined this
meeting on their own accord.” 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at para 171.

218 In considering the transcript provided of the audio recording of the
owners’ meeting on 19 March 2018, 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 210–220.

I found that the minority owner in question (who is one of the defendants) had
been given the floor to raise his concerns, and in particular, over the issue
concerning the nil DC. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 215–216.

I found that the CSC (and R&T) did provide responses to his questions, even if
the responses provided were more argumentative than necessary and even if the
minority owner might not have been satisfied with the responses.

219 The defendants’ complaints must be considered in the context of the
collective sale process where there were majority owners and minority owners
who held opposite positions towards the collective sale. It is unfortunate
that at times tensions are unnecessarily high during this process, and perhaps
even higher at meetings with subsidiary proprietors when each camp may express
its views in language which is unnecessarily strong.

220 It may be that the CSC members could have conducted themselves with more
courtesy when communicating with the minority owners even though the minority
owners might have been perceived as repeating their points or raising
irrelevant questions. The CSC members having conduct of the various meetings
could also have put in more effort to inform the majority owners that there
was no reason to boo others. That said, it is not easy to urge restraint when
emotions run high. It was difficult for me to find that the CSC breached its
duty of even-handedness when conducting the various meetings or in their
various modes of communication with the subsidiary proprietors. I also noted
again that the defendants were not challenging the method of distributing the
proceeds of sale.

DC

221 The seventh sub-issue on the question of good faith pertained to the DC,
which was another main factor that the defendants raised to allege bad faith.
I begin by summarising the relevant facts in this regard.

222 Knight Frank had given three estimates of the DC to the subsidiary
proprietors. The amount of each estimate increased, from an initial estimate
of $48.4m to the third and last estimate of $63.19m. Knight Frank had also
alerted the subsidiary proprietors about the likelihood of an increase in the
DC rates from 1 March 2018.

223 Knight Frank and the CSC did not wait for a formal response from URA to
obtain the DC verification, before the Property was launched for sale on 26
January 2018. Knight Frank had earlier appointed Ong & Ong to make the
relevant searches to obtain the DC verification but Knight Frank and the CSC
did not wait for the outcome. Instead, soon after the consent threshold of the
subsidiary proprietors of lots with not less than 80% of the share values and
not less than 80% of the total area of all the lots was reached, the Property
was launched for sale by way of public tender on 26 January 2018, with the
outcome of the DC verification pending.

224 As it turned out, URA sent a reply letter dated 26 February 2018, to Ong &
Ong. A copy was sent to the CSC who sent it to Knight Frank. The letter
contained information which revealed that no DC was in fact payable.

225 Knight Frank immediately began updating potential bidders in various ways.
In urgent discussions between Knight Frank and the CSC, Knight Frank advised
the CSC not to extend the closing date of the tender, ie, 7 March 2018 and the
CSC did not disagree (see [21] above).

226 In the meantime, Colliers had also been appointed to give an independent
valuation of the Property as at 7 March 2018.

227 On that date, the tender box was opened. There were:

(a) one expression of interest at $480m;

(b) one bid at $580m; and

(c) a second bid at $610m.

228 Colliers’ report was also opened. Colliers valued the Property at $542m.

229 As the higher of the two bids was higher than both the valuation by
Colliers and the reserve price of $550m, the CSC awarded the tender on 8 March
2018 to the joint-bidders who had submitted that bid. The joint-bidders
subsequently nominated the purchaser to purchase the Property in place of
them.

(1) Parties’ arguments

230 I mention first that the defendants had originally argued in their written
submissions that, since there was ultimately no DC, the requisite 80% approval
obtained for the collective sale (as required under s 84A(1)(b)) was invalid
because it had been given in reliance on a reserve price that had been
calculated on the contrary basis that there was a DC payable. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 87.

As the defendants further explained at the hearing, the CSC and Knight Frank
had allegedly misrepresented to the subsidiary proprietors that the last DC
estimate was $63.19m and that the DC (rate) was increasing. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 91 lines 16–25, p 92 lines 1–4.

However, the defendants eventually accepted that the CSC and Knight Frank did
not make any misrepresentation of fact to the subsidiary proprietors as
initially suggested since it was clear that the $63.19m figure was an estimate
subject to verification. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 93 lines 12–17.

Accordingly, I proceeded on the basis that the defendants were not maintaining
their original submission that the requisite 80% approval obtained for the
collective sale was invalid because of a misrepresentation of fact.

(A) Defendants’ arguments

231 As a preliminary point, with regard to the arguments raised under this
ground of objection, the defendants submitted that Knight Frank was the CSC’s
agent, and the CSC could not simply be absolved from their duties by
delegating them to their professional adviser. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 58.

232 The defendants’ objection was that the DC verification was material. This
was so especially since the subsidiary proprietors had been informed of
increasing estimates of the DC before the launch of the Property for sale, 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 78.

and about the likelihood of an increase in the DC rates from 1 March 2018. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 192.

The defendants submitted that as a result, the subsidiary proprietors were
given the impression that the reserve price had to be kept low and that they
should sign the CSA as soon as possible. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 80.

The defendants submitted that the DC had a bearing on the reserve price and on
bids from potential bidders, and the CSC and Knight Frank had repeatedly
represented to the subsidiary proprietors the same. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 71–72.

The relation was that if the DC increased, the reserve price and bid prices
would have to be lowered accordingly. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 73.

233 The defendants alleged that the CSC should have obtained the DC
verification from URA before the launch of the Property for sale (and before
fixing the reserve price). 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 56.

Knight Frank’s terms of appointment stipulated that the searches to obtain the
DC verification were to be done before the Property was launched for sale. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 66, 68.

The defendants submitted that the CSC should not have rushed to have the
Property launched for sale without obtaining the DC verification, 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 64.

because there was no immense time pressure to sell the Property. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 124.

They contended that there was no specific urgency like that in Shunfu Ville
(CA), where the collective sale committee there was driven to meet the
statutory timelines imposed for the collective sale (at [69]). 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

NAs 12/09/18 at p 133 lines 18–25, p 134 lines 1–2.

In this case, the statutory deadline for making the collective sale
application for the Property was in January 2019 (see paras 1–2 of the First
Schedule). 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 123(e).

The defendants also submitted that the property market was still vibrant in
early 2018, such that the government subsequently introduced cooling measures
in July 2018 to cool the collective sale fever. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 124.

As Knight Frank had expected to obtain the DC verification in two weeks’ time
from the launch of the Property for sale, the CSC could and should have waited
those two weeks instead before having the Property launched for sale. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 64, 125; NAs 12/09/18 at p 135
lines 10–21; NAs 14/09/18 at p 96 lines 13–17.

234 The defendants also submitted that Knight Frank was inept in attempting to
calculate the DC, when that should have been done by a “qualified person”
(like an architect) as listed in the First Schedule to the Planning Act (Cap
232, 1998 Rev Ed). 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 59; NAs 12/09/18 at p 108 lines
14–18, p 112 lines 3–7.

The defendants contended that this resulted in Knight Frank requesting for and
relying on incorrect information in arriving at its DC estimates. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 60.

235 Furthermore, the defendants submitted that when the DC verification was
obtained on 26 February 2018 through URA’s letter, the CSC should have
extended the closing date of the tender to give the market time to react
appropriately to the change in information pertaining to the DC. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 115.

236 The defendants also submitted that the CSC should have informed and
consulted the subsidiary proprietors about this material information so that
they could decide whether to raise the reserve price. Alternatively, the CSC
should have increased the reserve price. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 99.

Increasing the reserve price might in turn have yielded a higher bid from
potential bidders. With the dramatic change in DC from the estimate of $63.2m
to zero, the defendants contended that the CSC should have had reasonable
doubts whether the original mandate to sell the Property at the reserve price
of $550m still reflected the wishes of the subsidiary proprietors. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 86–87, 94–95.

The CSC should thus have halted the tender process to seek a fresh mandate
from the subsidiary proprietors on how to proceed.

237 The CSC did not update the subsidiary proprietors that no DC was payable
at any time before the close of the tender. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 83.

The CSC only informed them of this information at the owners’ meeting on 19
March 2018, 12 days after the tender had closed and almost a month after the
CSC had been informed of it. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 86.

Consequently, the CSC, Knight Frank and R&T were questioned on their course of
conduct with respect to the information concerning the DC, even by those in
support of the collective sale. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 91–93; NAs 12/09/18 at p 184
lines 10–11.

238 The defendants also argued that the publicity of the information that no
DC was payable should have been via the same channels as those when the
Property had been first marketed. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 166 lines 5–8.

Yet, Knight Frank advertised this information for only one day on 1 March 2018
in the Business Times. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 117.

Potential bidders were also not informed of the maximum allowable development
potential of the site of the Property. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 119.

239 Further, the defendants submitted that the CSC members did not hold any
CSC meeting after being informed that no DC was payable to discuss how to
proceed in relation to the tender process, although all decisions of the CSC
had to be made at CSC meetings pursuant to para 8 of the Third Schedule. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 96.

The defendants further argued that while Lim indicated that the CSC members
had discussions over the phone, they did not provide any documentary evidence
of the phone messages or minutes of these discussions and were thus in breach
of paras 8(3) and 9(1) of the Third Schedule. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 97; see also Lim’s 4th affidavit
at paras 13, 18.

240 The defendants submitted that the CSC had acted wrongly in sticking to the
original deadline for the close of the tender. The defendants argued that it
was unlikely that the sale price of $610m was the appropriate sale price in
the circumstances. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 117(c).

The defendants also suggested that the manner in which the SPA was entered
into evidenced that the sale was conducted with undue haste. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 176 lines 23–25, p 177 lines 1, 5–10.

The SPA itself was a document with tracked changes, amendments and
cancellations, and was entered into within a day of the close of the tender.

241 The defendants argued that the CSC had also acted wrongly in relying on
Colliers’ report which was fundamentally flawed. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at p 50 (heading F), para 111.

On this point, the defendants relied on a belated valuation by Asian Assets
Allianz Pte Ltd (“AAA”) dated 20 August 2018 which valued the Property at
$637m. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

See Wilson Lim Yen Kia’s affidavit filed on 20 August 2018 (“Dr Lim’s
affidavit”) at p 38.

242 To summarise, the defendants submitted that the CSC breached three duties:
(i) the duty to consult the subsidiary proprietors, (ii) the duty to make full
disclosure of relevant information, and (iii) the duty to obtain the
appropriate sale price in the circumstances. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 172 lines 17–22.

The CSC had these duties as a fiduciary and the trustee of the power of sale
for all the subsidiary proprietors, and the defendants added that they were
expressly spelt out to be the duties of the CSC pursuant to the resolution by
the subsidiary proprietors at the EGM on 1 July 2017. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 90; NAs 12/09/18 at p 162 lines
20–24; Lim’s 1st affidavit at pp 409, 418.

243 The defendants submitted that the above conduct of the CSC was evidence of
bad faith.

(B) Plaintiffs’ arguments

244 The plaintiffs disagreed.

245 The plaintiffs submitted that the CSC had relied on Knight Frank to advise
them of the necessary steps in connection with the collective sale, including
when to carry out the DC verification. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 101.

The plaintiffs and Knight Frank said that Knight Frank was to obtain the DC
verification only after the 80% consent threshold had been achieved. This was
done. The plaintiffs contended that this was in line with market practice for
the “qualified person” (in this case, Ong & Ong) to be appointed to obtain the
DC verification only after the 80% consent threshold had been achieved,
because the DC verification would generally cost around $20,000. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 84(1); Loh’s 1st affidavit at
para 30; NAs 13/9/18 at p 138 lines 13–17.

The plaintiffs submitted that there was no obligation on Knight Frank to
obtain the DC verification before the launch of the Property for sale. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 101.

Instead, they argued that it was market practice for the marketing agent to
estimate the DC at the early stages of the sale process and thereafter market
the Property based on the estimated DC. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 84(2).

The plaintiffs also contended that it was market practice to launch the
Property for sale and seek the DC verification concurrently especially when
there was an urgency for such a launch. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 102.

The plaintiffs submitted that there was such a real urgency in this case
because there were multiple competing land sites which were up for sale in the
first quarter of 2018, whether via public tender or private contract. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 103; Lim’s 3rd affidavit at para
19; Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 35.

In considering the market conditions, Knight Frank also considered whether the
government would introduce any cooling measures. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 35.

246 The plaintiffs also submitted that Knight Frank had taken the necessary
steps to estimate the DC and each estimate it provided had been calculated
with the latest information available to it at the relevant time. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 107.

The plaintiffs contended that Knight Frank’s overall message to the subsidiary
proprietors was that its DC estimates were subject to verification. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 110.

The plaintiffs submitted that there was no evidence of any subsidiary
proprietor who had signed the CSA: (i) in reliance of the alleged
representation that the DC was rising and he should thus sign the CSA as soon
as possible; or (ii) seeking to withdraw from the CSA after being informed
that no DC was payable at the owners’ meeting on 19 March 2018. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at paras 105–106.

247 Further, the plaintiffs suggested that the DC was not material. They
submitted that there was no direct correlation between (a) the DC and bid
prices, 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 55.

(b) the DC and the reserve price 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 56.

and (c) the reserve price and bid prices. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 58.

The plaintiffs thus argued that there was no obligation under the CSA and no
need for the CSC to increase the reserve price upon learning that no DC was
payable since there was no guarantee that higher bid prices would have been
received. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at paras 57, 61.

Instead, the plaintiffs contended that the marketing strategy of the CSC (and
Knight Frank) was to keep the reserve price reasonable to encourage more
competition between potential bidders and in turn drive up bid prices. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 59.

248 The plaintiffs also submitted that the defendants had not raised before
the Board the ground of objection that the CSC required or should have sought
fresh instructions or guidance from the subsidiary proprietors where there was
a material change in the actual DC from Knight Frank’s last DC estimate. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at paras 9(4), 64.

The plaintiffs contended that in any event, the CSA did not require the CSC to
seek any fresh instructions or guidance where there was a material change in
circumstances, 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 65.

and the subsidiary proprietors had authorised the CSC to sell the Property as
long as the sale price was above the reserve price (and the independent
valuation price, which in this case was Colliers’ valuation). 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 65; Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 231, cl
4.4.

The plaintiffs added that there was no utility in immediately notifying the
subsidiary proprietors that no DC was payable, 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 66.

and that all subsidiary proprietors would be deemed to have been made aware of
this fact by the time Knight Frank advertised it in the Business Times on 1
March 2018. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 67.

249 Furthermore, the plaintiffs said that Knight Frank had acted promptly to
notify potential bidders about the fact that no DC was payable. Immediately
after Knight Frank knew that no DC was payable, it undertook extensive
marketing efforts to publicise this fact, including emailing some 652
potential bidders on 26 February 2018. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at paras 41, 62(1).

The plaintiffs argued that potential bidders would have been able to react
quickly to the news as they would have done their homework already. Given the
large site of the Property, they would have conducted their feasibility
studies ahead of time pending the DC verification. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 40.

The DC was just an acquisition cost item and it would be a question of simply
computing the figures depending on whether a DC was payable. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

Loh’s 1st affidavit at para 40; NAs 13/09/18 at p 148 line 8; NAs 14/09/18 at
p 4 lines 22–23, p 10 line 1.

This cost item would also be recouped by passing it on to future purchasers.
255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 55; Loh’s 2nd affidavit at para 6.

The plaintiffs further argued that by the close of the tender, all potential
bidders had in fact been informed that no DC was payable, and the market,
which was weak at that time, had fully reacted to this new information. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 63.

The plaintiffs added that five potential bidders had also requested a site
inspection of the Property. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 62(2).

250 The plaintiffs thus submitted that there was no need to extend the closing
date of the tender and there was no request for such an extension. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at paras 62(3), 63.

On the other hand, the plaintiffs argued that a unilateral extension by the
CSC of the closing date of the tender would only send the signal that the
Property was undesirable and might be construed as a sign of desperation. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

Lim’s 4th affidavit at para 17.

The plaintiffs also contended that the defendants’ argument that the CSC
should have extended the closing date of the tender needed to be
particularised, ie, the defendants had to state specifically how long such
extension should be. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 77 lines 6–11.

251 The plaintiffs also submitted that the CSC and Knight Frank had chosen to
adopt a “wait and see approach” to the tender process, where the tender would
be closed as scheduled to ascertain the market’s interest in the Property with
the bids submitted. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

See Lim’s 4th affidavit at paras 10–11, 13.

Until that time, the CSC would also consider any request for an extension of
the closing date of the tender. Thereafter at the close of the tender, the CSC
did not have to award the tender to any bidder and could decide to launch the
Property for sale again by public tender, if needed. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

See Lim’s 4th affidavit at paras 17–18.

252 The plaintiffs argued that in any event, even if the CSC or Knight Frank
had breached any of its duties, the defendants had not suffered any prejudice
because the higher bid was more than 12.5% higher than Colliers’ valuation and
Colliers’ valuation was valid whereas the valuation by AAA was not. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 68.

The plaintiffs explained that the CSC had awarded the tender to the joint-
bidders the day after the tender was closed, because the joint-bidders had
required the CSC to decide whether to award the tender to them by 3pm on 8
March 2018. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 490.

(2) Decision

(A) Preliminary points

253 I make two preliminary points in relation to this ground of objection
pertaining to the DC.

254 First, I found that the defendants had raised before the Board the
complaint that the CSC should have sought a fresh mandate from the subsidiary
proprietors upon learning that no DC was payable. Before the Board, the
defendants stated: 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 643.

Further, once the CSC found out that there was no [DC], the CSC ought to have
halted the tender process to seek a fresh mandate from the [subsidiary
proprietors] on whether to proceed at the [reserve price] of $550 million or
to hold a re-tender. With no [DC], the [subsidiary proprietors] would likely
have been able to set a higher [reserve price].

255 It was not disputed that the other aspects of the ground of objection
pertaining to the DC had been raised before the Board. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 636–637, 641–644, 647.

256 Second, as mentioned at [188]–[189] above, while the CSC could rely on the
advice of their professional advisers, Knight Frank and R&T, the CSC could not
simply delegate their duties to the professional advisers or simply rely on
the advice given to excuse every lapse on the part of the CSC in respect of
their own duties. In any case, Knight Frank and R&T were also the CSC’s agents
for the purposes of the collective sale. A finding that the transaction was
not in good faith under s 84A(9)(a)(i) did not necessarily need to be confined
to the conduct of the CSC alone but could take into account the conduct of
their professional advisers too.

(B) Importance of the DC

257 I turn to consider the importance of the DC. I was of the view that the DC
verification was material. It was absurd for the plaintiffs and Knight Frank
to try and downplay its importance for the hearing of the plaintiffs’
application to the court.

258 In a situational update from the CSC dated 18 October 2017, which was
provided with inputs from Knight Frank, the CSC had stated that the DC was one
of the factors that had been taken into consideration to establish the reserve
price. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 183–184.

It was not disputed that the reserve price was important to the subsidiary
proprietors as they would not be obliged to sell if a bid was below the
reserve price.

259 While it might be likely that potential bidders would not place too much
weight on the reserve price when deciding how much the Property was worth,
this did not mean that the DC was irrelevant to them. On the contrary, they
would still take into account the DC. Indeed, Knight Frank said as much when
it sent a letter dated 8 December 2017 to alert the subsidiary proprietors of
the high likelihood that DC rates would rise from 1 March 2018. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 192–194.

Furthermore, the fact that Knight Frank had to act urgently to inform
potential bidders that there was no DC payable proved that the DC was material
information to such parties.

260 In summary:

(a) the DC was important to potential bidders; and

(b) the DC was also a factor in determining the reserve price which was more
important to subsidiary proprietors than to potential bidders.

261 In this regard, the defendants submitted that with no DC, the reserve
price should have been increased. On the other hand, the plaintiffs brought to
my attention that after the subsidiary proprietors were informed of an
increase in Knight Frank’s estimate of the DC from an earlier estimate of
around $58.5m to $63.19m, the reserve price was not reduced but remained at
$550m. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 57.

262 I accepted that a reduction in the DC would not necessarily mean an
increase in the reserve price. Likewise, an increase in the DC would not
necessarily mean a reduction in the reserve price.

263 I also accepted that, in this case, even if the subsidiary proprietors
were minded to increase the reserve price as a consequence of the actual DC
being materially less than Knight Frank’s last estimate, the increase in the
reserve price would also not necessarily be dollar for dollar. For example,
they might decide to increase the reserve price by, say, only $20m even though
the actual difference between the actual DC and the last estimate was $63.19m.
Indeed, the subsidiary proprietors might even decide not to change the reserve
price at all.

(C) Knight Frank’s DC estimates

264 I turn next to the question as to whether Knight Frank could provide
estimates of the DC to the subsidiary proprietors. Section 13(1A) of the
Planning Act provides that a person applying for planning permission is to
appoint an architect or engineer to carry out certain duties. The Planning Act
does not preclude Knight Frank from making DC estimates. However, because
these were only estimates, the CSC should have proceeded with more caution.

265 In so far as the defendants relied on AAA’s comments that Knight Frank had
based its previous estimates of the DC on the wrong basis, 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 60; Dr Lim’s affidavit at pp
29–32.

Knight Frank disputed this. It was unnecessary for me to decide how Knight
Frank had arrived at the wrong figures as there was no suggestion that the CSC
should have known of the wrong basis. I add that regardless of the correctness
or incorrectness of Knight Frank’s methodologies for estimating the DC, the
fact of the matter was that Knight Frank was way off in its assessment of the
actual DC. Knight Frank’s third and last estimate to the subsidiary
proprietors on 25 January 2018 had been $63.19m when there was in fact no DC
payable. As the defendants drew to my attention, Knight Frank’s over-
estimation of $63.19m was much worse than the over-estimation in Chua Choon
Cheng and others v Allgreen Properties Ltd and another appeal [2009] 3 SLR(R)
724. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 70.

The Court of Appeal, in describing the facts of that case, remarked at [12]
that the DC (which was factored into the sale price) had been “grossly over-
estimated by some $6.6m”, where the actual DC of $950,894 was “a startling 87%
difference from the original estimate of $7.6m”.

(D) Obtaining the DC verification before the launch of the Property for sale

266 Should Knight Frank have obtained the DC verification before the launch of
the Property for sale? Leaving aside the evidence for the time being, I would
have thought that, as a matter of general principle, such important
information should logically be obtained first before a sales launch so that
subsidiary proprietors are making an informed decision as to what reserve
price to set and also eventually what price to accept. Also, even though I
accepted that the reserve price is not likely to influence the bid price from
potential bidders, the DC itself does influence the bid price. Therefore, it
is also preferable if the DC verification is provided to potential bidders
earlier rather than later. I come now to the terms of the scope of services
which Knight Frank was to provide. The terms of the scope of services were
included in the CSA (under Sched 5 to the CSA) and both sides relied on the
terms. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at pp 254–256.

267 While it was true that the terms provided for Knight Frank to carry out
the exercise to obtain the DC verification upon achieving the 80% consent
threshold, this did not mean that Knight Frank was to obtain the DC
verification concurrently in the period when the public tender remained open.

268 Both the CSC and Knight Frank had overlooked the following. Knight Frank
had divided its scope of work into three stages: “Pre-Sale Preparation”,
“Marketing Stage” and “Post Marketing Stage”. The provision about obtaining
the DC verification was placed only under the first stage, ie, the Pre-Sale
Preparation. The second stage, ie, the Marketing Stage, did not include any
work pertaining to the receipt of or evaluation of the DC verification.

269 Likewise, in an “Estimated Project Timeline” provided by Knight Frank at
the EGM on 9 September 2017 which showed the sequence of various events, the
step to carry out the DC verification was shown as occurring before the launch
of the Property for sale. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

Lim’s 1st affidavit at p 605.

There was no other step shown to suggest that the receipt of and evaluation of
the DC verification would be done concurrently in the period when the public
tender remained open.

270 Quite clearly, Knight Frank’s own terms of appointment envisaged that the
DC verification was to have been carried out and concluded before the launch
of the Property for sale. It was therefore not open to Knight Frank or the CSC
to try and argue that it was market practice to do otherwise.

271 It was not the case of the plaintiffs that the CSC and Knight Frank knew
that Knight Frank was supposed to obtain the DC verification first but, for
some good reason, they both agreed not to stick to the original sequence
envisaged and agreed instead to obtain the DC verification later. Instead, it
was the plaintiffs’ case that Knight Frank’s terms of appointment did not
require Knight Frank to obtain the DC verification first before the launch of
the Property for sale. As I have mentioned, the plaintiffs were wrong on this
point.

272 It seemed that the CSC and Knight Frank were in some haste to launch the
sale because of concerns about competing land sites and the likelihood that DC
rates would be raised from 1 March 2018. Even then, they should have been more
careful about the possibility that the DC might be materially different from
Knight Frank’s latest estimate. After all, one of the marketing agents which
submitted a competing proposal to the CSC had considered that the DC payable
ranged from zero to $38.7m. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

Lim’s 1st affidavit at pp 556, 560.

I found that there was some merit in the defendants’ argument that the CSC
could have waited two weeks to obtain the DC verification before having the
Property launched for sale, since that was Knight Frank’s expectation with
regard to when the DC verification would be obtained (although I noted that
the DC verification was eventually obtained around four weeks later).

273 The truth of the matter was that Knight Frank and the CSC, as well as R&T,
were all complacent about the DC. Even though Knight Frank had made it clear
that Knight Frank’s estimates of the DC were subject to verification, they had
all assumed that there would be no material difference between the last
estimate of the DC given by Knight Frank before the launch of the Property for
sale and the actual DC as verified. This was why the CSC, Knight Frank and R&T
were prepared to let the Property be launched for sale without obtaining the
DC verification first. That was also why none of them had highlighted to the
subsidiary proprietors that the actual DC could be very different from the
last estimate provided. Apparently neither Knight Frank nor R&T advised the
CSC to ask for guidance from the subsidiary proprietors as to what the CSC
should do in the event of a material difference.

274 Had the CSC, Knight Frank and R&T given adequate thought to the
possibility of a material difference, they ought to have realised that it
would have been prudent to obtain the DC verification before the Property was
launched for sale. Alternatively, they ought to have highlighted to the
subsidiary proprietors that the actual DC could be very different and ought to
have sought consensus as to what the CSC should do if in fact there was a
material difference.

275 Indeed, it was ironic that the CSC’s situational update dated 18 October
2017 to the subsidiary proprietors had stated, “The worse thing that can
happen is a decision made based on wrong information.” 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 188.

(E) Extending the closing date of the public tender

276 As a preliminary point, I found that in submitting that the CSC should
have extended the closing date of the tender, the defendants had
particularised the step that, in their view, should have been taken to obtain
the appropriate sale price in the circumstances (see Shunfu Ville (CA) at
[61(c)]). I disagreed with the plaintiffs’ argument that the defendants had to
further particularise their submission to state specifically how long such
extension should be (see [250] above).

277 In considering whether the CSC should have extended the closing date of
the tender, I set out in brief the following chronology:

(a) 26 January 2018: the Property was launched for sale by way of public
tender;

(b) 9 February 2018: the approximate time by which Knight Frank had stated in
its marketing efforts that the actual DC would be determined (ie, within the
next two weeks);

(c) 26 February 2018: Knight Frank and the CSC learnt that no DC was payable,
and Knight Frank then publicised the same to potential bidders; and

(d) 7 March 2018: the tender was closed as scheduled.

278 The DC verification result was a material development. There was nil DC
instead of the $63.19m given in the last estimate by Knight Frank. It was
unclear when R&T knew about this development. 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 17 lines 6–9.

279 In my view, as the information concerning the nil DC was received barely
over a week, ie, nine days, before the close of the tender, the CSC should
have extended the closing date of the tender by at least one week. Knight
Frank had estimated in its marketing efforts that potential bidders would have
known the actual DC around a month before the close of the tender, but this
time estimation was off and potential bidders had around 2.5 weeks less to
consider the information concerning the actual DC.

280 Extending the closing date of the tender by at least one week would have
given Knight Frank more time to disseminate this material information
concerning the nil DC and potential bidders would have had more time to absorb
such information and respond if they so wished, although I agreed that Knight
Frank did act quickly to disseminate the information. On the day it knew that
no DC was payable, Knight Frank emailed some 652 potential bidders to
disseminate this information, presumably the same ones to whom Knight Frank
had first publicised the Property when it was launched for sale (see [18]
above). Additionally, Knight Frank advertised that no DC was payable in the
Business Times on 1 March 2018. In this regard, I was of the view that Knight
Frank did not have to inform potential bidders of the development charge
baseline as given in URA’s letter, because that did not indicate the maximum
allowable development potential of the site of the Property (see [308] and
[314] below). The development potential was guided by the URA Master Plan
2014, and Knight Frank had already informed potential bidders in its marketing
materials when the Property was launched for sale that the URA Master Plan
2014 permitted a GPR of 1.4 (see [18] above).

281 Nevertheless, the CSC and Knight Frank had not given adequate thought to
the question of extending the closing date of the tender.

282 The fact that there was eventually no request from potential bidders for
such an extension did not justify the CSC and Knight Frank’s earlier decision
not to have an extension. I also did not think that a unilateral extension of
the closing date of the tender might be construed as a sign of desperation.
This might be so only if there was no good reason for an extension, but here
there was a very good reason to do so.

283 Further, I did not think it was a good reason to say that the CSC did not
have to award the tender to any bidder and could decide to launch the Property
for sale again if needed. Instead, the idea should have been to give enough
time to potential bidders to respond so as to get the appropriate sale price
and to avoid, as much as possible, having to relaunch the Property for sale.

(F) Informing and consulting the subsidiary proprietors

284 Furthermore, the CSC should have informed and consulted the subsidiary
proprietors about this material development concerning the nil DC.

285 As the trustee of the power of collective sale, the CSC had duties to act
conscientiously in exercising this power and to make full disclosure of
relevant information. These were continuing duties. As the Court of Appeal
stated in Horizon Towers (CA), “whenever there is reasonable doubt as to the
proper course to adopt, the [collective sale committee] ought to seek fresh
instructions or guidance from the consenting subsidiary proprietors from whom
it draws its mandate” (at [166]). This is even if the collective sale
agreement did not specifically require the collective sale committee to seek
any fresh instructions or guidance where there was a material change in
circumstances, as in this case. I noted here that the Court of Appeal
emphasised the importance of the collective sale committee consulting the
subsidiary proprietors who had already signed the collective sale agreement of
new material information, and not just merely updating those who had not
signed the collective sale agreement. A collective sale committee must not
assume that as and when new material information arises in relation to the
collective sale, the majority owners would still simply agree with all the
subsequent decisions the collective sale committee makes when these decisions
affect the sale of the subsidiary proprietors’ individual properties.

286 It was also not sufficient for the CSC to say that they had the power to
increase the reserve price under the CSA, 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 248.

because this power was only meant to facilitate and expedite the collective
sale process. Indeed, if the actual DC was materially higher than the last DC
estimate, the CSC had no authority to reduce the reserve price even if it
might be prudent to do so. The CSC only had authority to increase the reserve
price. It was also not sufficient for the CSC to say that the subsidiary
proprietors had authorised the CSC to sell the Property as long as the sale
price was above the reserve price and the independent valuation price. That
was also not the point.

287 While a collective sale committee does not have to consult the subsidiary
proprietors every time there is new information, the question as to whether
the collective sale committee ought to do so depends particularly on the
materiality of the information and whether it is something which may not have
been within the reasonable contemplation of the subsidiary proprietors.
Furthermore, seeking such fresh instructions is more critical when there is
“reasonable doubt that [the collective sale committee’s] original mandate no
longer reflects the consensus of the consenting subsidiary proprietors”
(Horizon Towers (CA) at [168(i)]).

288 Whether or not the reserve price would have been raised and whether or not
potential bidders would have taken into account the reserve price, the point
was that the subsidiary proprietors had been given, although inadvertently, an
inaccurate impression about the DC (ie, in the light of the last DC estimate
of $63.19m) and this should have been corrected immediately. The new
information concerning the nil DC was material to the subsidiary proprietors.
They should also have been given a chance to have their say as to what the
next step should be. While the CSC and Knight Frank might have been acting
under pressure of time and thus failed to update the subsidiary proprietors
immediately, this was pressure which was self-created and arose from their
decision not to obtain the DC verification before the Property was launched
for sale. In this regard, an extension of the closing date of the tender of at
least one week would have given the CSC time to call for an urgent meeting of
the subsidiary proprietors or, if possible, a waiver of short notice of an
EGM.

289 The information concerning the nil DC was also unlikely to have been
within the reasonable contemplation of the subsidiary proprietors. As it was,
when the subsidiary proprietors were subsequently informed about the new
information at the owners’ meeting on 19 March 2018, queries were raised as to
why they were not informed more promptly. No one said that he had anticipated
such a material difference between Knight Frank’s last DC estimate and the
actual nil DC as verified. Having said that, I accepted that no assenting
subsidiary proprietor sought to withdraw from the CSA and apparently some
subsidiary proprietors even added their signatures to the CSA on and after 19
March 2018 (see [28] above).

290 I found that, unfortunately, Knight Frank and the CSC did not even
consider whether the new information should have been disclosed to the
subsidiary proprietors at the material time. This was not a case where they
had raised and discussed this question. It did not cross their minds.

291 In this regard, I reproduce what Lim (the chairman of the CSC) stated in
his affidavit: 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

See Lim’s 4th affidavit at para 14.

Given that one of [Knight Frank]’s proposed steps was to advertise the fact
that no [DC] was payable, we did not focus on updating the subsidiary
proprietors immediately about the [DC] as this news would be publicly
announced in any event when the newspaper advertisement was published. The CSC
was also planning to update the owners at the owners’ meeting after the close
of tender on all relevant matters, including the fact that no [DC] was
payable. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

292 This paragraph could give the impression that the CSC did consider
updating the subsidiary proprietors on the nil DC but did not focus on doing
so as the CSC thought that a newspaper advertisement (ie, that in the Business
Times on 1 March 2018) would bring the news to the attention of all the
subsidiary proprietors in any event. However, the truth of the matter was that
the CSC did not consider updating the subsidiary proprietors at all as their
attention was only on what to do vis-à-vis the tender process. Had the CSC
really considered this point of notifying all the subsidiary proprietors, the
CSC would have realised that a newspaper advertisement would not have been
adequate in doing so. Furthermore, the CSC would then also have ensured that
the subsidiary proprietors were informed as soon as possible either before or
immediately after the close of the tender. It was telling that when Knight
Frank first sent the subsidiary proprietors a letter after the close of the
tender on 8 March 2018 to inform them that a sale contract had been entered
into, Knight Frank did not disclose the new information on the nil DC (see
[27] above). This suggested that the point of disclosure was not on Knight
Frank’s mind and neither had the CSC impressed the point upon Knight Frank.

293 I noted that in answering the queries at the owners’ meeting on 19 March
2018 as to why the subsidiary proprietors were not informed more promptly on
the nil DC, Chan had conceded (albeit very briefly): “I would concede we could
have done better”. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 213.

But even then, Lim sought to explain away this acknowledgment by Chan. In
Lim’s affidavit, he sought to qualify this acknowledgment by pointing to the
statement from Chan following the acknowledgment: “but bear in mind it was 3.5
working days and the developers were watching this baseline number very
quickly and we had to react very fast by taking out the ads …” 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

See Lim’s 3rd affidavit at para 30; Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 213.

In my view, this qualification did not assist the CSC and instead suggested
that they were resiling from Chan’s admission that the CSC could have done
better.

294 I noted that the CSC did not convene any CSC meeting after being informed
that no DC was payable to discuss how to proceed in relation to the tender
process. The discussions which they had with Knight Frank or internally
amongst themselves were mostly through the use of the phone. The defendants
suggested that all decisions of the CSC had to be made at CSC meetings and,
consequently, minutes of such meetings should have been kept.

295 Paragraph 8 of the Third Schedule does seem to suggest that decisions of a
collective sale committee are to be made at physical meetings of a collective
sale committee. Paragraph 8(1) refers to a quorum for such a meeting and para
8(2) refers to a decision by the majority of members of the collective sale
committee present and voting at any meeting of the collective sale committee.
Paragraph 8 is silent on the question whether discussions and decisions of a
collective sale committee may be made other than at a physical meeting. In
times of urgency and in view of technological advances, it seemed incongruous
to insist that all important decisions must be made at a physical meeting. I
doubted that that is required. However, even if a physical meeting is not
always necessary, the CSC members should have kept a written record of any
discussions they had had with Knight Frank or amongst themselves whether
through the use of the phone or in person especially on important matters. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

Lim’s 3rd affidavit at para 60; Lim’s 4th affidavit at paras 13, 18.

Such a record could then be made available to the subsidiary proprietors if
required. This would also be in accordance with para 9(1) of the Third
Schedule which states that a collective sale committee “shall keep minutes of
its proceedings”. While the omission to keep such records was not evidence of
a lack of good faith, it was an illustration of the low standards of the CSC.

(G) Conclusion

296 The CSC ought to have obtained the DC verification before the Property was
launched for sale, or alternatively, sought consensus from the subsidiary
proprietors as to what the CSC should do if in fact there was a material
difference between Knight Frank’s last DC estimate and the actual DC as
verified. The CSC also acted wrongly in failing to extend the closing date of
the tender by at least one week. Further, the CSC should have informed and
consulted the subsidiary proprietors about the nil DC before the close of
tender but failed to do so. They had been too focused on the potential bidders
that they lost sight of the subsidiary proprietors.

297 Still, these breaches of duty did not conclude the issue whether the
transaction was in good faith after taking into account only the sale price
under s 84A(9)(a)(i)(A) (see Thomson View Condominium (HC) at [33]).
Fortunately for the CSC, Colliers’ valuation was just below the reserve price
and the higher bid was higher than the valuation and the reserve prices. As
mentioned at [104]–[105] above, the test of good faith is concerned with
whether the sale price was the appropriate price in the circumstances, and all
the facts of the case must be appraised in the round.

Colliers’ valuation

(1) Parties’ arguments

298 The question then was whether Colliers’ valuation was fundamentally flawed
or was at an undervalue as alleged by the defendants. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at p 50 (heading F), para 111.

This pertained to the eighth and final sub-issue about good faith. The
defendants thus submitted that Colliers’ report failed to be a valuation
report that satisfied the requirements in para 11(2) of the Third Schedule.
283

##### Foot Note 283

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 114.

299 It was not disputed that this ground of objection pertaining to Colliers’
valuation had not been raised before the Board specifically. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 9(5); Defendants’ Written Submissions
at para 196.

However, the defendants submitted that since the CSC was relying on Colliers’
valuation, the defendants should be permitted to show why it was unreliable.
285

##### Foot Note 285

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 195.

Alternatively, the defendants argued that this ground of objection pertaining
to Colliers’ valuation could come under the broad issue of good faith which
had been raised before the Board. 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 196.

300 In summary, both Colliers’ valuation and AAA’s valuation took into account
the fact that there was no DC. However, AAA’s valuation at $637m, 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

Dr Lim’s affidavit at p 38.

which the defendants relied on, was much higher than Colliers’ valuation at
$542m. This was because both valuations were based on different premises.

301 Colliers’ valuation was based on a GPR of 1.4 as permitted under the URA
Master Plan 2014. 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

See Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 573.

AAA’s valuation was based on a GPR of 1.655. This was because AAA did not use
the GPR provided under the URA Master Plan 2014. Instead, it used the
information from the development charge baseline applicable to the Property,
which it claimed provided the maximum allowable development potential of the
site of the Property, obtainable by applying for permission from URA. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

See Defendants’ Written Submissions at para 111.

302 The plaintiffs disputed AAA’s valuation and argued that it was speculative
whether a GPR higher than 1.4 would have been allowed by URA. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

See Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at paras 98–99; NAs 14/09/18 at p 56
lines 22–23.

They also submitted that AAA’s valuation was prepared with the benefit of
hindsight, and was out of sync with the assessment of independent valuers,
marketing agents and developers at the material time. 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions at para 97.

303 In so far as AAA also criticised certain steps or omissions of Knight
Frank as to how Knight Frank arrived at its DC estimates (see [265] above),
the plaintiffs alleged that AAA had not participated in any collective sale
project previously and was a partisan expert. 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 59 lines 10–12, 17–18.

I did not need to delve into this allegation as it did not add much to the
arguments already raised by the plaintiffs or the defendants.

(2) Decision

304 I considered first the question as to whether the defendants were allowed
to raise this ground of objection pertaining to Colliers’ valuation before the
High Court.

305 It was imperative for the defendants to have raised this ground of
objection before the Board since, as the defendants acknowledged at the
hearing, they knew or ought to have known that the plaintiffs were relying on
Collier’s valuation. 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 179 lines 19–24.

306 Further, the defendants could have raised this ground of objection before
the Board. The GPR of 1.655, on which AAA’s valuation was based, was derived
by “working backwards” from the GFA of 55,384m2 provided for the development
charge baseline as given in URA’s letter, by dividing that GFA by the site
area of 33,457.2m2. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 34 lines 2–4, 13–19; Dr Lim’s affidavit at p 35.

While the defendants did not have URA’s letter at the time they filed their
objections to the Board in May 2018, 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

See NAs 13/09/18 at p 34 lines 22–25, p 35 lines 1–7.

they had a copy of Colliers’ report which specifically mentioned URA’s reply
dated 26 February 2018 (ie, URA’s letter) and the information therein
pertaining to the aforementioned GFA. 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 573; see also Goh’s affidavit at para 3.

The defendants could also have requested a copy of URA’s letter from the
plaintiffs then, if the defendants thought it was necessary. It seemed to me
that they did not request a copy of URA’s letter because initially they were
not contesting Colliers’ valuation then. The idea of contesting it was an
afterthought. Consequently, I was of the view that the defendants were not
allowed to raise this ground of objection pertaining to Colliers’ valuation
before the High Court, pursuant to s 84A(4A).

307 For completeness, I nevertheless discussed this ground of objection in my
oral judgment especially since the defendants made much of it at the hearing.
As mentioned, the crux of the dispute concerning Colliers’ valuation was
whether Colliers was right in basing its valuation on the URA Master Plan 2014
and a GPR of 1.4, or whether it should have based its valuation on the
development charge baseline information and a GPR of 1.655 as AAA did instead.

308 URA’s letter had stated at para 5: 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

Loh’s 1st affidavit at p 292.

Please note that the development charge baseline as conveyed is for purpose of
computing [DC] and does not indicate the allowable development potential on
the site. What can be developed on the site, i.e. the development potential,
is guided by the current Master Plan [ie, the URA Master Plan 2014]. [emphasis
in original]

309 In the course of oral arguments before me, the defendants raised an
additional argument. They stressed that the SPA was in fact entered into on
the basis that the allowable development potential of the site of the Property
would be based on the development charge baseline information and not the
development potential as guided by the URA Master Plan 2014. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

See NAs 12/09/18 at p 178 lines 10–19.

They referred to Rider Clause 6C in the Appendix to the SPA which stated,
inter alia, that the SPA was subject to the purchaser obtaining from URA a
written confirmation that the Development Baseline of the site of the Property
shall be a GFA of not less than 55,384m2. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 527.

They thus submitted that Colliers was not correct to have based its valuation
on a GPR of 1.4, which would mean a GFA of 46,840.08m2 only.

310 As it turned out, this submission was based on a misinterpretation of the
SPA by the defendants. As the plaintiffs submitted, Rider Clause 6C was
concerned with ensuring that no DC was payable. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

See NAs 14/09/18 at p 60 lines 15–18.

311 The question of the GPR was addressed in a different provision, ie, Rider
Clause 6B in the Appendix to the SPA. Rider Clause 6B stated, inter alia, that
the SPA was subject to the purchaser obtaining the written approval of URA for
the outline planning permission for proposed redevelopment of the Property
into a residential development with a GPR of not less than 1.4. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 526.

As mentioned, the GPR of 1.4 was that permitted under the URA Master Plan
2014.

312 I come now to the defendants’ argument that it was the duty of the CSC to
obtain the appropriate sale price in the circumstances and that the
independent valuation obtained pursuant to para 11(2) of the Third Schedule
should also be on that basis. Paragraph 11(2) states:

(2) A valuation report by an independent valuer on the value of the
development as at the date of the close of the public tender or public auction
shall be obtained by the collective sale committee on the date of the close of
the public tender or public auction.

313 The Court of Appeal in Horizon Towers (CA) held that without obtaining an
independent valuation prior to settling on the sale price, a collective sale
committee “would have no way to gauge whether or not it is obtaining a fair
(not to mention the best) price for the property” [emphasis added] (at [160]).
In this case, the CSA also provided at cll 4.4 and 4.5.1 that the CSC may not
sell the Property at a price less than the independent valuation price. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

Kok’s 1st affidavit at p 231.

314 The defendants thus argued that the independent valuation should have been
based on the development charge baseline information and a GPR of 1.655, just
as AAA had done in its valuation. However, it was clear that the development
charge baseline information only determined whether there would be any DC. The
development charge baseline information did not provide information on the
permissible GPR. URA’s letter stated as much (see [308] above). The
defendants’ argument had thus conflated the two concepts, “the development
charge baseline” and “the allowable development potential”. The development
potential was instead guided by the URA Master Plan 2014 which permitted a GPR
of 1.4.

315 Nevertheless, AAA was of the view that a valuation should take into
account the possibility that URA might allow a higher GPR in view of the
development charge baseline. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions at paras 111, 113.

It reasoned that there was no doubt that any developer would promptly request
URA to approve a development based on a GPR of 1.655. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

See Dr Lim’s affidavit at p 36.

316 I was of the view that AAA’s reasoning was misplaced. It is one thing to
assume that a successful bidder will request for a higher GPR, it is another
to assume that it is prepared to commit to a price based on a possibility that
it would obtain approval for a higher GPR.

317 It was different if AAA’s reasoning had been that there should be a tiered
pricing or tiered valuation. The first tier should be based on the current GPR
of 1.4. The second is then based on the possible increase of the GPR. This
would perhaps then mean that the CSC should have obtained a tiered pricing,
ie, a committed price based on the current GPR with a premium if a higher GPR
was allowed. However, AAA did not present its valuation on a tiered basis.
Neither did the defendants argue that the CSC should have obtained a tiered
pricing from the purchaser. Their argument was more basic, ie, that Colliers
was wrong to use the GPR of 1.4 in its valuation.

318 In my view, Colliers’ valuation was not flawed. On the contrary, AAA’s
valuation was flawed. A valuation should be based on existing facts. A
property may be under-utilised at present and, based on existing facts, its
potential is known. This is different from valuing a property based only on a
possibility of achieving a higher GPR. I agreed with Colliers that such an
approach would be speculative. It would be inappropriate for the purpose of a
valuation intended to assist the CSC in a collective sale.

319 It was also important to note that AAA did not say that Colliers’
valuation was wrong if it was correctly based on a GPR of 1.4.

320 AAA’s report dated 20 August 2018 was made ex post facto, in valuing the
Property to be $637m as at 7 March 2018. As the Court of Appeal in Horizon
Towers (CA) had remarked in its case, parties may have “little difficulty in
locating ‘independent’ valuers, after the sale had taken place, to support
their irreconcilable stances on the appropriateness of the sale price” (at
[44]). Where the defendants had not even raised any objection pertaining to
Colliers’ valuation before the Board when they could have done so, I found
that AAA’s report was a last-minute manoeuvre by the defendants to attack the
plaintiffs’ reliance on Colliers’ report.

Decision on the issue of good faith of the transaction

321 In the present case, the test of good faith is concerned with whether the
sale price was the appropriate price in the circumstances, and all the facts
of the case must be appraised in the round (see [104]–[105] above). In doing
so, the entire sale process culminating in the eventual sale of the Property
has to be considered (see [103] above).

322 The defendants had sought to show that many aspects of the transaction
were not in good faith. There were indeed many missteps by the CSC, Knight
Frank and R&T during the collective sale process, so much so that even some of
the assenting subsidiary proprietors (or their representatives) expressed some
dissatisfaction with them, like at the owners’ meeting on 19 March 2018 after
the SPA had already been entered into.

323 However, of the numerous sub-issues/factors which the defendants raised to
allege bad faith, it was mainly with regard to the sub-issue pertaining to the
DC that I found that the CSC breached several of its duties (see [296] above).
In addition, the CSC failed to obtain the approvals of subsidiary proprietors
at a general meeting of the apportionment of sale proceeds and the terms and
conditions of the CSA as the CSC relied on the wrong advice of R&T.

324 On the other hand, I found that Colliers had given a fair independent
valuation.

325 Ultimately, the issue was whether the transaction was in good faith after
taking into account only the sale price, pursuant to s 84A(9)(a)(i)(A). As the
Court of Appeal explained in Shunfu Ville (CA), the question is usually
whether there was “some want of probity on the part of the relevant parties”,
like whether members of the CSC were “actuated by any improper motives or any
conflict of interest” (at [61(a)]). It is less likely that the collective sale
application should be dismissed “absent clear evidence that the transaction is
tainted by unfairness towards some subsidiary proprietors” (at [61(a)]).

326 After considering all the facts holistically, I concluded that although
the conduct of the CSC, Knight Frank and R&T was wanting in various respects,
there was no bad faith after taking into account the sale price, which was
$68m or 12.55% higher than Colliers’ valuation.

327 As it turned out, the subsequent cooling measures introduced by the
government in or about July 2018 made the sale price seem even more favourable
for all subsidiary proprietors, although this had no direct bearing on the
question of good faith which was to be determined at the time the sale process
was undertaken.

Conclusion

328 The plaintiffs had proven that the transaction was in good faith.
Accordingly, I granted an order in terms of prayers 1 to 6 and 9 of the
plaintiffs’ application with the qualification that the “Minority Owners”, as
defined in the application, need not pay the majority owners’ solicitors’
costs in the application and hearing fees until this question was later
determined by the court after hearing arguments on it. Likewise, prayers 7 and
8 of the application regarding costs and disbursements would be heard at a
later date.

329 Although the CSC and their professional advisers might view this court’s
decision as a victory for the majority owners, I expressed the hope that they
reflect long and hard on their missteps. It was also a pity that the
plaintiffs had not been more forthcoming in their conduct of the litigation.
They were slow to acknowledge the possibility that there might have been
missteps in the sale process.

330 The plaintiffs should also not have waited until the time of the hearing
to explain in the course of oral submissions R&T’s various missteps,
especially with respect to R&T’s advice as to whether it was necessary to
obtain the approvals of the apportionment of sale proceeds and of the terms
and conditions of the CSA at an EGM, and R&T’s omission to respond promptly to
questions from the defendants’ lawyers about the ownership of units by
associates of Lim and Chan. The explanation should have been stated earlier in
an affidavit.

331 I mentioned that I would take the missteps and the way in which the
litigation was conducted by both sides into account on the question of costs
and disbursements to be decided later.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Wong Soon Peng Adrian, Ang Leong Hao, Gan Hiang Chye and Norman Ho (Rajah &
Tann Singapore LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
Tan Gim Hai Adrian, Ong Pei Ching and Goh Qian’en, Benjamin (TSMP Law
Corporation) for the defendants.

Annex

Chronology of Key Events

S/No| Date| Event  
---|---|---  
1| 27 May 2017| Knight Frank presented to the subsidiary proprietors an
estimated sale price for the Property of at least $455.8m and a DC estimate of
$48.4m.  
2| 1 July 2017| An EGM was convened and the CSC was constituted.  
3| Early July 2017| Knight Frank was appointed as the marketing agent, and R&T
was appointed as the legal firm for the collective sale.  
4| 9 September 2017| An EGM was convened and Knight Frank shared a proposed
reserve price of $500m and a DC estimate of around $58.5m.The subsidiary
proprietors did not vote on or otherwise approve the apportionment of sale
proceeds and the terms and conditions of the CSA. After the EGM was concluded,
subsidiary proprietors began signing the CSA that day.  
5| 18 October 2017| The CSC circulated a situational update stating that the
DC was one of the factors that had been taken into consideration to establish
the reserve price.  
6| 22 November 2017| The CSC, in consultation with Knight Frank, resolved to
increase the reserve price from $500m to $550m.Knight Frank appointed Ong &
Ong to carry out the DC verification. Consequently, Ong & Ong spent some weeks
to do the necessary preparatory work for submitting the search applications to
URA.  
7| 24 November 2017| Knight Frank sent letters to the subsidiary proprietors
to inform them that the CSC had resolved to increase the reserve price to
$550m.  
8| 8 December 2017| Knight Frank sent a letter to urge the subsidiary
proprietors to support the collective sale, stating that DC rates were highly
expected to increase from 1 March 2018 and that this would have a direct
impact on the potential bidders’ bid prices.  
9| By 15 January 2018| The subsidiary proprietors reached the 80% consent
threshold required for making any collective sale application.  
10| 18 January 2018| Ong & Ong submitted the search applications for the DC
verification to URA.  
11| 25 January 2018| An owners’ meeting was convened and Knight Frank informed
the subsidiary proprietors that the Property would be launched for sale by way
of public tender on 26 January 2018, that the estimated DC was $63.19m, and
that it had appointed an architect to carry out the DC verification.  
12| 26 January 2018| The Property was launched for sale by public tender.
Knight Frank stated in its marketing efforts that the reserve price was $550m
and the estimated DC was approximately $63.2m, and that it was awaiting a
reply from URA on the Development Baseline which it expected to receive in two
weeks (ie, the DC verification). Knight Frank also stated that the (URA)
Master Plan 2014 had zoned the site of the Property “Residential” with a GPR
of 1.4.  
13| 26 February 2018| The CSC received a copy of URA’s letter to Ong & Ong and
was informed by Knight Frank that URA’s letter meant that no DC was
payable.Knight Frank informed Colliers of the development charge baseline.  
14| 26 February 2018 – 7 March 2018| Knight Frank publicised that no DC was
payable.There was no request for an extension of the closing date of the
tender.  
15| 7 March 2018| The public tender was closed as scheduled. There were: (a)
one expression of interest at $480m; (b) one bid at $580m; and (c) a second
bid at $610m.Colliers’ valuation report was also opened and Colliers was of
the opinion that the market value of the Property was $542m.  
16| 8 March 2018| The CSC awarded the tender to the joint-bidders who had
submitted the bid at $610m.Knight Frank sent a letter to the subsidiary
proprietors to inform them that a sale contract (ie, the SPA) had been entered
into that day for the Property for the sale price of $610m.  
17| 19 March 2018| An owners’ meeting was convened to explain to the
subsidiary proprietors the progress made in the collective sale process thus
far and the CSC informed them for the first time that there was no DC payable.  
18| 5 April 2018| The joint-bidders nominated the purchaser to purchase the
Property in place of them, as allowed under the SPA.  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

