Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 195

Companies Winding Up No 89 of 2019

In the matter of Section 254(1)(e) of the Companies Act (Cap 50)

And

In the matter of Zhejiang Construction Investment (S) Pte. Ltd.

Between

| China Zhejiang Construction Group (HK) Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Zhejiang Construction Investment (S) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Winding up]

  
  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
China Zhejiang Construction Group (HK) Ltd

  

v

  

Zhejiang Construction Investment (S) Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 195

High Court — Companies Winding Up No 89 of 2019  
Chan Seng Onn J  
5 July 2019

27 August 2019

Chan Seng Onn J:

1 On 5 July 2019, I made an order for the defendant, Zhejiang Construction
Investment (S) Pte Ltd (“Zhejiang SG”), to be wound up and for Mr Tee Wey Lih
of Acres Advisory Pte Ltd to be appointed as the liquidator of Zhejiang SG
(“the liquidator”). The plaintiff is China Zhejiang Construction Group (HK)
Ltd (“Zhejiang HK”), a creditor of Zhejiang SG. The debt owed by Zhejiang SG
to Zhejiang HK in the sum of S$7,760,717.66 was undisputed. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Affidavit of Lok Yu Cheong at para 12

No one appeared on behalf of Zhejiang SG to contest the winding-up application
brought by Zhejiang HK. However, a non-party, Chiu Teng Construction Co. Pte
Ltd (“Non-Party”), applied for the dismissal of the winding up application, on
the basis that the winding-up application had been brought for a collateral
purpose.

2 The Non-Party has now appealed against my order. I thus set out the reasons
for my order below.

Winding-up Application

3 As at 28 March 2019, Zhejiang SG owed a total sum of S$7,760,717.66 to
Zhejiang HK through four loan agreements (“the Loan Agreements”), including
the loan interest and the accrued interest for late payment. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st Affidavit of Lok Yu Cheong at paras 7, 11–12

On 2 April 2019, Zhejiang HK, through its solicitors, served a statutory
demand issued pursuant to s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“Companies Act”) by hand on Zhejiang SG at its registered office. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1st Affidavit of Lok Yu Cheong at paras 12, LYC-4 at pp 46–48

The sums owed to Zhejiang HK remained unsatisfied after the lapse of three
weeks from 2 April 2019. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1st Affidavit of Lok Yu Cheong at para 13

On 30 April 2019, Zhejiang HK filed the winding-up application.

Non-Party’s Application

4 The Non-Party and Zhejiang SG entered into a joint venture agreement dated 5
August 2010, with a third party, Etong Construction (S) Pte Ltd (“Etong
Construction”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st Affidavit of Poon Boon Wai at paras 8–11, PBW-1 at pp 12–26

Under the joint venture agreement, all three parties agreed to work together
on building works for the erection of 495 Housing and Development Board
(“HDB”) dwelling units at Sengkang (“the Project”), which was awarded by HDB.
The Non-Party, Zhejiang SG and Etong Construction agreed to carry out the
Project on a “profit/loss sharing basis”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1st Affidavit of Poon Boon Wai at para 10

The Project was completed in March 2013. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1st Affidavit of Poon Boon Wai at para 12

5 The Non-Party claimed that Zhejiang SG failed to manage its sub-contractors
during the course of the Project, leading to delays and losses suffered by the
Non-Party. The Non-Party also claimed that as a result of Zhejiang SG’s
failure to properly complete its scope of the works, extensive rectifications
were required and the Non-Party had to bear the costs of the said
rectifications. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1st Affidavit of Poon Boon Wai at para 14 and p 37, Non-Party Written
Submissions (“NWS”) at paras 9–12

On 14 November 2018, the Non-Party, through its solicitors, served a letter of
demand on Zhejiang SG for the sum of $978.717.94. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1st Affidavit of Poon Boon Wai at para 19–20, PBW-4 at pp 79–80

On 20 November 2018, Zhejiang SG responded to deny the said claim. Zhejiang SG
disputed the basis of the claim, the calculations and breakdown of the sum
claimed, the apportionment of the alleged loss and proof of the alleged loss.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1st Affidavit of Poon Boon Wai at p 81

The Non-Party and Zhejiang SG were in negotiations over the payment claims and
amounts owed up until January 2019, when the Non-Party was alerted about the
winding-up application by Zhejiang HK. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1st Affidavit of Poon Boon Wai at paras 19–22, PBW-3 at pp 37–77

6 The Non-Party alleged that Zhejiang HK had a collateral purpose for its
winding-up application against Zhejiang SG and submitted that the Court should
exercise its residual discretion to dismiss the winding-up application: Lai
Shit Har and another v Lau Yu Man [2008] 4 SLR(R) 348 (“Lai Shit Har”).

7 The Non-Party based its allegation on the fact that Zhejiang SG and Zhejiang
HK shared the same directors and had the same controlling shareholder. As of
17 January 2019, an Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”)
search showed that Mr Guan Manyu and Mr Chu Ping had been directors of
Zhejiang SG since 1 July 2014. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1st Affidavit of Lok Yu Cheong at p 13

However, an ACRA search dated 2 April 2019 subsequently revealed that Mr Guan
Manyu and Mr Chu Ping were no longer reflected as directors of Zhejiang SG. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

2nd Affidavit of Lok Yu Cheong at p 66

A Companies Registry Annual Return Form dated 1 September 2018 and an ICRIS
Cyber Search dated 17 May 2019 reflected that Mr Guan Manyu and Mr Chu Ping
were also directors of Zhejiang HK. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1st Affidavit of Poon Boon Wai at para 26, pp 87, 92, 95–96

Further, I noted that as of 17 January 2019, Mr Guan Manyu and Mr Chu Ping
were not the only two directors of Zhejiang SG. Two other directors had been
appointed since 2012. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1st Affidavit of Lok Yu Cheong at p 13

Finally, Zhejiang Construction Investment Group Co. Ltd (“Zhejiang China”)
owned 70% of the ordinary shares of Zhejiang SG and 100% of the ordinary
shares of Zhejiang HK. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1st Affidavit of Poon Boon Wai at paras 30–32, PBW-5 at pp 91, 99

8 As for the Loan Agreements, the Non-Party averred that they were all signed
by Mr Chu Ping in his capacity as Zhejiang HK’s representative, while he was a
director of Zhejiang SG. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1st Affidavit of Poon Boon Wai at para 34

However, I found that this assertion was not sufficiently evidenced by the
Mandarin signatures on the Loan Agreements, which were illegible and did not
clearly represent Mr Chu Ping’s name. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1st Affidavit of Lok Yu Cheong at pp 17–40.

9 I further noted that one of the loans extended by Zhejiang HK to Zhejiang SG
for the sum of RMB 12,774,704.08 (S$2,554,940.82) from the period of 18
December 2017 to 17 December 2018, was used towards the repayment of Zhejiang
SG’s loan amount and interest owed to Zhejiang China. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1st Affidavit of Lok Yu Cheong at pp 20–22 para VII; 2nd Affidavit of Lok Yu
Cheong at p 70

10 The Non-Party also submitted that these related party transactions were not
reflected in the Financial Statements of Zhejiang SG of 2016 and 2017, and the
Financial Statements had extensive qualifications by the auditors which shed
no further light on the “Related Party Transactions”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NWS at para 32–33

For instance, in the Financial Statement of 2016, an amount of $628,786 was
incurred due to “Settlement of liabilities on behalf for a related party.” 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1st Affidavit of Poon Boon Wai at p 145

In the Financial Statement of 2017, an entry of $321,405 was recorded as “Loan
interest paid to a related company” and $1,229,573 was recorded as “Settlement
as liabilities on behalf of a related company”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

1st Affidavit of Poon Boon Wai at p 196

The Non-Party coined these records as suspicious and made the allegation that
“it is doubtful whether the losses purportedly suffered by Zhejiang SG were
genuine or simply a means to avoid paying off creditors.” 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1st Affidavit of Poon Boon Wai at para 48

My decision

11 The court has the inherent jurisdiction to prevent an abuse of its
processes. Even though the statutory grounds for winding-up the company may
have been technically established, the court retains the residual discretion
to consider all the relevant factors, including utility, propriety and effect
of a winding-up order as well as the overall fairness and justice of the case:
Lai Shit Har at [22] and [33].

12 Having evaluated the evidence before me and after considering all the
relevant factors, I did not find any abuse of process such that I should
exercise my residual discretion to dismiss the winding-up application. While
the loan transactions between Zhejiang SG and Zhejiang HK were between two
related parties since they shared the same holding company and two common
directors, the Non-Party’s case was based more on suspicion and speculation.
As the Non-Party rightly admitted, companies are not prohibited from extending
bona fide loans to its related companies. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NWS at para 28

Ultimately, Zhejiang SG and Zhejiang HK were still separate legal entities
that operated in different jurisdictions.

13 The Non-Party argued that Zhejiang HK was seeking to wind up Zhejiang SG to
enable the latter to avoid paying its creditors. However, even if I were to
assume that to be the case, it was all the more so that such a company should
be wound up without delay in order for its creditors to be paid and the
allegedly suspicious transactions to be examined by the liquidator to
determine if any clawback would be required. Moreover, a company such as
Zhejiang SG should not be allowed to continue operating and potentially enter
into any further transactions that would operate unfairly and to the
disadvantage of the company and consequently, to the detriment of the
company’s creditors. Instead, Zhejiang SG should be wound up and the property
of Zhejiang SG be applied pari passu in satisfaction of its liabilities to its
creditors and the remainder be distributed among the members according to
their rights and interests in the company by the liquidator: s 300 of the
Companies Act.

14 After the receipt of the statement of affairs, the liquidator would have to
submit a preliminary report to the Official Receiver and also, if he thinks
fit, make further reports stating whether in his opinion any fraud has been
committed: s 271 of the Companies Act. At that point, the Non-Party could
provide evidence of any wrongdoing against Zhejiang SG or its directors in
order to assist the liquidator, who would then decide whether to take further
action if necessary.

15 At the hearing on 5 July 2019, the Non-Party submitted that should the
court dismiss the winding-up application, it would continue negotiations with
Zhejiang SG or proceed with further investigations on Zhejiang SG. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Audio Transcript of Court 4C 5 July 2019 at 10:12:10am

Allowing the Non-Party to pursue such a course of action could not in my
judgment justify dismissing the winding-up application as the interests of the
petitioning creditor, Zhejiang HK, as well as other creditors of Zhejiang SG
would be prejudiced.

16 Moreover, the amount owed to the Non-Party by Zhejiang SG was still in
dispute (see above at [5)]. It is trite law that the liquidator has a duty to
examine and investigate every proof of debt and the grounds of the debt and
may call further evidence in support of it, see Fustar Chemicals Ltd v Ong Soo
Hwa (liquidator of Fustar Chemicals Pte Ltd) [2009] 1 SLR(R) 844 at [33] and
Rule 92 of the Companies (Winding-Up) Rules (Cap 50, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed). After
the winding-up, the liquidator would have the opportunity to investigate the
validity of the Non-Party’s claim and its proof of debt.

17 Finally, at the hearing on 5 July 2019, the Non-Party confirmed that it was
not disputing the independence or impartiality of the liquidator proposed by
Zhejiang HK to be appointed. As such, after winding-up Zhejiang SG, the
liquidator would be expected to carry out all its duties and obligations
faithfully, and to realise and distribute Zhejiang SG’s assets in accordance
with the law.

Conclusion

18 For the above reasons, I was not satisfied that that sufficient grounds had
been furnished by the Non-Party to dismiss the winding-up application. As
such, I ordered Zhejiang SG to be wound-up after Ms Kavitha Kandesan for the
Official Receiver confirmed that the papers for the winding-up application
were in order.

Chan Seng Onn J  
Judge

Tan Tho Eng (TSMP Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
The defendant absent and unrepresented;

Sharon Wong (Millennium Law LLC) for the non-party

Kavitha Kandesan for the Official Receiver

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

