Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 209

Suit No 803 of 2017

Between

Jin Ling Enterprise Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

E C Prime Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Inducement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Jin Ling Enterprise Pte Ltd

  

v

  

E C Prime Pte Ltd

[2019] SGHC 209

High Court — Suit No 803 of 2017  
Chan Seng Onn J  
11–15, 19 March, 9–12 April 2019; 8 July 2019

11 September 2019 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This dispute concerns certain misrepresentations made in the course of the
sale and purchase of two commercial units #01-01 and #01-02 (“the Units”) of a
mixed development (ie, housing both commercial and residential units) known as
the Alexis (“the Development”) along Alexandra Road, for the intended purpose
of operating a Chinese-style restaurant, otherwise locally known as a “zichar
restaurant”. The plaintiff, Jin Ling Enterprise Pte Ltd, is a food and
beverage (“F&B”) operator that entered into two sale and purchase agreements
of the Units (“SPAs”) on 15 May 2012 with the defendant, E C Prime Pte Ltd, a
property development company.

2 According to the plaintiff, the Units were intended for running a zichar
restaurant that involved heavy cooking. However, the operation of the zichar
restaurant in the Units resulted in smell nuisance problems which affected the
residents living above the Units. A letter of warning by the National
Environmental Agency (“NEA”) was issued to the plaintiff and the plaintiff
eventually closed its restaurant in September 2017. The plaintiff’s case is
that it was induced by three misrepresentations made by the defendant to enter
into the SPAs.

Parties

3 The plaintiff is a seasoned operator of F&B outlets and stalls in the F&B
business with more than 15 years’ experience with around 15 coffee shops under
its belt. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Transcript 11 March 2019 at p 33; 2DBOD at p 130

As per the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority’s business profile,
the plaintiff’s business involves two principal activities: “hawkers and
stall-holders selling cooked food and prepared drinks” as well as “letting and
operating of food courts, coffee shops and eating [houses] (mainly rental
income)” (“Principal Activities”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

3DBOD at p 199

The plaintiff has two directors, Mr Neo Eng Seng (“NES”) and his wife, Mdm
Lim. NES was the main individual with whom representatives from the defendant
negotiated with in respect of the sale and purchase of the Units.

4 The defendant is a property development company set up to oversee the
construction and management of the Development and was managed by its
directors Mr Tan Koo Chuan (“TKC”) and Mr Melvin Poh (“MP”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

2DBAEIC at para 7

MP was in charge of coordinating and liaising with contractors, and managing
issues pertaining to the construction of the Development, such as applications
for the Temporary Occupation Permit (“TOP”), Certificate of Statutory
Completion (“CSC”) and alleged defects issues. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

2DBAEIC at para 10; Transcript 9 April 2019 at p 11

On the other hand, TKC, an experienced developer, was in charge of land
acquisition and setting the strategic direction for the project. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

2DBAEIC at para 10

TKC left the project management decisions in respect of the Development to MP,
who was paid a management fee to manage the project and coordinate the works.
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript 15 March 2019 at pp 98-101

Pleaded Case and the Representations

5 By the end of the trial, the plaintiff limited its pleaded case to the
following three misrepresentations made by the defendant which allegedly
induced the plaintiff to enter into the SPAs (“the Representations”): 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PWS”) at para 8

(a) That the Units could be used both as shops or restaurants that involved
heavy cooking and also for the Principal Activities of the plaintiff (“R1”);

(b) That the plaintiff could use the walkway decking at the front and back of
the Units as an Outdoor Refreshment Area (“ORA”) for its intended use of the
Units (“R2”); and

(c) That wooden decking would be constructed for the plaintiff to make
available the space at the ORA for the plaintiff to carry out its Principal
Activities (“R3”).

The Representations were allegedly made between the parties’ first meeting in
September 2011 and 13 April 2012 (the date when the Offers to Purchase
(“OTPs”) for the Units were issued) and between 13 April 2012 and 15 May 2012
(the date when the SPAs were executed). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PCS at para 9

The plaintiff’s case is that the Representations were false statements of
facts made by the defendant for the purpose of inducing the plaintiff to enter
into the SPAs for the Units for the defendant’s financial gain. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC (Amendment No.1) at paras 3, 16

The plaintiff avers that the defendant is liable for fraudulent or negligent
misrepresentation. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC (Amendment No.1) at para 33

As for remedies, the plaintiff seeks a rescission of the SPAs or in the
alternative, claims for damages.

6 In relation to R1 being a false statement of fact, the plaintiff submits
that the Units could not be used as a food court or restaurant that involved
heavy cooking and also for the plaintiff’s Principal Activities. After signing
the SPAs, the plaintiff realised that the defendant had not obtained the
necessary approvals from the relevant government authorities. In this regard,
the defendant failed to fully and frankly disclose to the plaintiff that they
did not have approvals from the relevant government authorities, such as Urban
Redevelopment Authority (“URA”) and NEA. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 17

Further, the defendant also failed to ensure that the plaintiff would be able
to carry on the plaintiff’s Principal Activities and failed as developers to
make the necessary applications to the relevant authorities to resolve any
issues that might arise. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 18

For instance, while NEA did grant a food shop licence for the Units after
multiple appeals spanning a period of about 1.5 years, the plaintiff’s
restaurant’s smell nuisance problems still resulted in complaints from the
residents living above the Units and a warning issued by NEA. This was because
the Units did not have the capacity, infrastructure and approval by the
relevant authorities for use as a food court or restaurant that involved heavy
cooking and for carrying out the plaintiff’s Principal Activities. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 17; PCS at para 10

The Units did not have an effective exhaust fumes system to deal with the
smell nuisance problems generated by heavy cooking, rendering the Units
unsuitable for heavy cooking.

7 In relation to R2 being a false statement of fact, the plaintiff pleaded
that it was not permitted to use the front and back of the Units (the “area”)
as an ORA. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PCS at para 10

In my view, this has not been precisely pleaded. In fact, the defendant had no
objections to the plaintiff’s use of the area as an ORA. The real issues are
the approvals the plaintiff was required to obtain before using the area as an
ORA and the time when the plaintiff could start using that area as an ORA.
What the plaintiff means is that the defendant had represented to the
plaintiff that the area could be used right away as an ORA for the plaintiff’s
Principal Activities. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

2PBAEIC at para 64

To the plaintiff, this implies that the plaintiff’s use of the area as an ORA
for its Principal Activities could commence (i) before the issuance of the
CSC; (ii) without submitting its renovation plans to the defendant and
obtaining the defendant’s approval (before the Management Corporation Strata
Title (“MCST”) was formed); and (iii) without obtaining the written permission
from URA. As such, when the plaintiff commenced renovation works for the ORA
at the area before the issuance of the CSC, without submitting renovation
plans for the defendant’s approval and without obtaining the written
permission from URA, MP stopped the plaintiff from renovating the area into an
ORA for its use right away. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript 12 March 2019 at pp 23-25

8 In relation to R3 being a false statement of fact, the plaintiff’s case is
that the defendant had not kept its promise to construct the wooden decking
for the ORA for the plaintiff at the defendant’s own cost. The plaintiff was
allegedly informed by the defendant that the plaintiff would have to construct
his own wooden decking for the ORA after submitting an initial plan for the
defendant’s approval. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1PBAEIC p 30 at para 58

Facts

9 Before setting out the facts in more detail, I start by defining some terms
used by the parties. A food court is a type of eatery that rents out stalls to
other businesses that sell a variety of food and beverages (for instance,
laksa or mee siam). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcript 11 March 2019 at pp 12-13

A food court is distinct from a F&B outlet, which is a broader category of
shops in the food and beverage industry that includes food chain outlets such
as McDonalds. A zichar restaurant is a stall or restaurant that engages in
“Chinese style cooking”, which may or may not involve heavy cooking. Parties
also agree that it is possible for a zichar stall to be set up as one of the
stalls within a food court. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript 11 March 2019 at p 111; Transcript 15 March 2019 at p 72

The first meeting in September 2011

10 In or around September 2011, Mr Jasper Tan (“Jasper”) introduced NES to
TKC. Jasper was NES’s insurance agent since 2006 and was well-acquainted with
NES and his company. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript 13 March 2019 at pp 126-127

On the other hand, Jasper only first met TKC in September 2011. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Transcript 13 March 2019 at p 128

11 At their first meeting in September 2011, TKC conducted the marketing
presentation at his office and gave NES a brochure of the Development and the
floor plan of the Units. TKC testified that he had mentioned to NES that the
Units could be used for F&B purposes, for example, as food courts. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

1DBAEIC at para 11

This was because TKC did not see any issue with prospective tenants or
purchasers obtaining the relevant approvals to use the units in the
Development for F&B purposes, given that some of the other units were
previously approved for use as restaurants. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1DBAEIC at para 11

He also testified to having told NES that if he had plans to run a F&B
business, he would have to submit the necessary applications to the
authorities to obtain the relevant approvals. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

1DBAEIC at para 12

TKC also testified that he would allow the plaintiff to use the front and back
areas of the Units as an ORA, but clarified that when the MCST was formed, the
continued usage of the common area as an ORA would be subject to approval by
the MCST.

12 On the other hand, NES testified that he had informed TKC that he was
looking to buy a property to operate a zichar restaurant with the view to sell
seafood. NES testified that TKC had replied that he should consider getting a
property in the Alexis as it was a mixed development and there were many units
on the ground floor that could be used for the operation of a zichar
restaurant. When NES asked him whether the units in the Alexis were capable of
operation as a zichar restaurant, TKC allegedly replied that it should not be
a problem as some of the units on the ground floor were approved or were meant
for restaurants of F&B operations. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

1PBAEIC at para 16

TKC also allegedly assured NES that for such an operation, everything was
ready. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1PBAEIC at para 16

September 2011 to December 2011

13 TKC and NES met a few more times from September 2011 to December 2011.
According to NES, the purpose of the meetings was for NES to figure out if the
Units could fit into the plaintiff’s plan of operating its Principal
Activities, including selling cooked food or zichar which involved heavy
cooking. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

1PBAEIC at paras 7, 17

Jasper was present at these meetings.

14 NES testified that in one of the meetings, NES had told TKC that he was
considering purchasing the corner unit #01-01 as he could use the ORA like a
beer garden as part of his plan to operate in the evening and sell alcohol. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

1PBAEIC at para 21

In response, TKC allegedly told him that if he had bought two units, he would
make arrangements for him to use the ORA. NES then told TKC that he would
consider the purchase seriously and revert to him in due course. During all
the meetings, NES testified that TKC had never informed NES that the plaintiff
had to apply for a change of use of the Units from a “shop” to a “restaurant”
with URA. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

1PBAEIC at para 24

Instead, TKC allegedly represented and assured him that he could do his
business without any problem. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

1PBAEIC at para 24

15 According to TKC, NES did not express any requirement for the Units to be
fitted with an exhaust system or other mechanical, electrical or technical
fixtures, particularly required for heavy duty cooking. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

1DBAEIC at para 20

16 After viewing the Units, NES was happy with the Units and expressed
interest in purchasing the Units. Sometime in end November 2011, TKC, MP and
NES went with the defendant’s staff to the plaintiff’s zichar restaurant at
Bedok North to have dinner. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

1PBAEIC at para 18

At the dinner, NES introduced his daughter-in-law and employee, Ms Kelissa
Chan (“KC”), to TKC and MP.

14 to 15 December 2011

17 On 14 December 2011, NES handed TKC a cheque for the option money for the
purchase of the Units (“First Cheque”). TKC did not arrange for the OTPs to be
issued to NES and did not tender the First Cheque for payment at the bank
because NES requested for TKC to hold off the Units for a day so that he could
consult with his wife on the purchase. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

1DBAEIC at paras 22-23; 1PBAEIC 11 at para 30

18 At the meeting, NES testified that TKC had repeated the Representations,
including the further representations that the Plaintiff (a) could operate a
zichar restaurant or food court, and (b) should consider purchasing two units
and use the outdoor area as an ORA to increase the sitting capacity of the
zichar restaurant or food court. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

1PBAEIC at para 28

TKC also allegedly assured NES that he would ensure that the defendant would
carry out and fulfil the Representations. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

1PBAEIC at para 28

19 On 15 December 2011, NES changed his mind and decided to purchase only the
unit #01-01. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

1PBAEIC at para 31

The First Cheque was returned to NES and NES handed a replacement cheque to
TKC for the option sum for only the unit #01-01 (“Second Cheque”). At that
point, NES commented that he still wanted to persuade his wife to agree to
purchasing both the Units instead and requested TKC to hold off the Units from
the market, so that he could persuade his wife to purchase both of the Units.
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1DBAEIC at para 26

As such, TKC did not tender the Second Cheque for payment at the bank and no
OTP for the unit #01-01 was issued. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

1DBAEIC at para 26

15 December 2011 to 13 April 2012

20 Between 15 December 2011 to 13 April 2012, TKC and NES met on a few
occasions. NES testified that TKC had repeated the Representations and
reassured NES on the purported advantages of purchasing the Units (ie, both
units #01-01 and #01-02). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

1PBAEIC at para 32

According to NES, TKC also “[emphasised] what the defendant as the [developer]
could do for the plaintiff for the [Units, including] ensuring that the
plaintiff could operate a [zichar] restaurant/food court and also including
but not limited to the provision of wooden decking and ORA space” 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

1PBAEIC at para 32

and that the plaintiff’s business plan would be better achieved if the Units,
which were side by side, were purchased. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

1PBAEIC at para 32

13 April 2012: Issuance of OTPs for the Units

21 About four months later, NES changed his mind and informed TKC of his
intention to purchase the Units (ie, both units #01-01 and #01-02). 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

1DBAEIC at para 28

On 13 April 2012, NES and KC met with MP to hand him the cheques for payment
of the option sum for the Units and to collect the OTPs. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

1PBAEIC at pp 112-129

After some negotiations regarding the final purchase price of the Units, NES
was given the OTPs for the Units, accompanied by the defendant’s covering
letters dated 13 April 2012 for the Units (“the Addendums”), which were all in
English. As NES was competent only in Hokkien and Mandarin, KC interpreted and
explained the contents of the OTPs and the Addendums to NES. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

1PBAEIC at para 42

MP also explained to NES that the SPAs would be sent to NES at a later time as
per standard practice, and it would be expedient for NES to appoint his own
conveyancing solicitors to assist him to go through the detailed terms of the
SPAs for the Units. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

2DBAEIC at para 23

MP highlighted cl 2 and cl 7 of the OTPs to NES:

2\. Obligations of the Developer

2.1 We will make available for, your review or, if You have already appointed
a solicitor, your solicitor's review by not later than 27 April 2012 [14 days
from the Option date]:-

(a) the original or copies of the title deeds to the Unit; and

(b) the Sale and Purchase Agreement in triplicate.

2.2 The Sale and Purchase Agreement will be in the form prescribed by the Sale
of Commercial Properties Rules (Cap. 281, R 1).

…

7\. Conditions of sale

The Unit is sold subject to the terms and conditions in the Sale and Purchase
Agreement, including all modifications to such terms and conditions which have
been approved by the Controller of Housing.

[emphasis in original; emphasis added in underline]

22 At the meeting, KC raised an issue with regards to a clause in the OTPs. KC
read, interpreted and explained the contents of the OTPs to NES and
highlighted to NES that cl 2.1 of the Addendums drew the attention of the
purchaser to cl 20M.1 and cl 20M.2 of the SPAs (“Clause 20M”), reproduced as
follows: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

2PBAEIC at para 23

20M. Approved Use of the Unit

20M.1 The Unit is approved for use as a shop in the grant of the Written
Permission for the Building by the Competent Authority under the Planning Act
(Cap. 232).

20M.2 Unless with the prior permission of the Competent Authority under the
Planning Act, the Purchaser shall not use the Unit or allow the Unit to be
used for any purpose other than the approved use as specified above in
accordance with the Written Permission of the Competent Authority.

[emphasis added in italics]

NES testified that he had asked TKC and MP why the words “restaurant/food
court” were not stated in cl 20M.1 of the SPAs. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

1PBAEIC at para 43

KC also testified that: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

2PBAEIC at paras 24-26

24 Upon hearing this, TKC and MP replied by repeating the Representations and
the Assurances. They reassured him that this was not an issue as the Alexis
Units could be used to operate as a Zi Char restaurant. In fact, TKC said to
NES in Chinese that the word ‘Shop’ (in the Addendum to the Options) by using
the words ‘Xing Shi Shang’ (translated into English, it means loosely as
“administrative”) and that he should not worry too much. In fact, TKC hit his
chest and said, “we are business people we can do anything in the end”. He
also said that if he had any problem with the authorities in operating a Zi
Char restaurant, he and the defendant would resolve any issue for him. …

….

26 I was a bit perplexed and I asked TKC what he meant by ‘administrative’.
TKC replied that the word ‘shop’ was just a formality because as developers,
they were selling shops and not restaurants. I then asked him whether in such
event, the plaintiff was still able to operate a restaurant. TKC replied and
said it was not an issue and if the plaintiff encountered any difficulties,
they can rely on him and the defendant for help. TKC again assured me we
should not have any worry and that NES should trust him that the plaintiff
could operate a Zi Char restaurant. …

[emphasis in original; emphasis added in italics]

This version of events was corroborated by NES’s testimony. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

1PBAEIC 17 at para 44

The alleged actions of TKC and MP repeating the Representations and reassuring
NES and KC that the word “shop” was purely administrative in nature and merely
a formality will be referred to collectively as “Reassurance 1”.

23 On the other hand, MP testified that he could not recall whether KC had
asked such a question, whether MP or TKC had given such a reply or whether TKC
had even been present at the meeting, since the meeting occurred seven years
ago. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript 10 April 2019 at pp 54-55, 59

24 NES then decided to proceed with the purchase. NES acknowledged the
insertion of Clause 20M in the SPAs by affixing his signature to the Addendums
and the OTPs. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

2DBAEIC at pp 92, 100

NES then instructed KC to hand over the last two cheques for the option sum of
the Units (“Third Cheque and Fourth Cheque”). 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

1PBAEIC at para 49

As such, the OTPs were issued to the plaintiff on 13 April 2012.

13 April 2012 to 16 April 2012: Correspondence between conveyancing solicitors
after grant of OTPs

25 After NES received the OTPs and the Addendums, he instructed his lawyer, Ms
Wong, to act for the plaintiff in the purchase. After faxing copies of the
OTPs and the Addendums to Ms Wong, Ms Wong highlighted to NES that the
Addendums to the OTPs had stated the term “shop” and did not mention anything
about the use of the Units as “restaurants”. NES explained the alleged
Representations made by TKC and MP detailed in [22], in particular that the
term, “shop”, had been represented to him to be purely administrative and that
NES could still use the Units to operate a restaurant or maybe a food court.
53

##### Foot Note 53

×

1PBAEIC at para 52

26 Ms Wong subsequently advised NES that she would write to the defendant’s
solicitor to confirm the above representations. On 16 April 2012, the
defendant received two letters from Ms Wong, in respect of the Units. The
letters sought to amend the OTPs and SPAs. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

2DBAEIC at p 17

Each letter stated that: 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

2DBAEIC at pp 102 and 104

…would refer to the Option to Purchase dated 13th April 2012 that you granted
to them.

We are instructed by our clients’ director, Mr Neo Eng Seng that [the
defendant] represented to [NES] that the above unit is approved for use as a
restaurant and that they will be allowed to put tables and chairs at the open
area in front of the unit.”

We note that under “Approved Use of the Unit”, the unit is approved for use as
a shop and not a restaurant. Please verify and amend same in the Option to
Purchase and the Sale and Purchase Agreement.

[emphasis added in bold]

27 On 18 April 2012, MP instructed the defendant’s conveyancing solicitor, Ms
Choy, to reply with two letters, each clarifying the defendant’s position on
the units #01-01 and #01-02 (“the Defendant’s Letters”): 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

2DBAEIC at p 105-106; Transcript 10 April 2019 at p 65

(i) Our clients deny that they represented to your clients’ director that the
Unit is approved for use as a restaurant;

(ii) Our clients deny that they represented to your clients’ director that
your clients will be allowed to put tables and chairs at the open area in
front of the Unit. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

1DBOD at pp 45–46

The “Approved Use of the Unit” stated in the Option to Purchase is in
accordance to the Grant of the Written Permission and hence the Option to
Purchase and the Sale and Purchase Agreement will not be amended.

[emphasis added in bold and bold italics]

It is crucial to note that the correspondence between both parties’ solicitors
took place before the SPAs were signed. No further written correspondence was
exchanged between the parties.

28 NES testified that after being informed of the letters from the defendant’s
solicitors, Ms Wong advised him to check with TKC and the defendant if he
wished to proceed with the purchase. NES testified that he had contacted TKC
for clarifications about Ms Choy’s letters. TKC allegedly reiterated that this
was purely administrative and that he should proceed with the purchase,
assuring NES that he would have no problem operating a zichar restaurant or
food court. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

1PBAEIC at para 55

These actions of TKC will be collectively referred to as “Reassurance 2”. NES
then informed KC and Ms Wong that he would proceed with the purchase of the
Units.

15 May 2012: Exercise of the OTPs and execution of the SPAs

29 In accordance with the defendant’s obligations set out in cl 2 of the OTPs,
the defendant’s solicitor issued the title deeds and the SPAs in triplicate on
25 April 2012 for both Units. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

2DBAEIC at para 32, pp 107-212

On 15 May 2012, the plaintiff proceeded to exercise the OTPs and execute the
SPAs, with the Units “approved for use as shops” as stated in Clause 20M. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

2DBAEIC at para 33; 2DBAEIC at pp 213–269

It is apposite to note that the plaintiff was independently and legally
advised by Ms Wong from the time of the grant of the OTPs to the execution of
the SPAs.

Building Plans No.1 and No.2

30 Notably, there are two Building Plans relevant to the present case. The
first is Building Plan No.1 (“BP-1”), which was issued in 2009. In BP-1, the
commercial units for the Development were labelled as “shop/restaurant”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

3DBOD at p 190

The second is Building Plan No. 2 (“BP-2”), which was issued on 5 January
2012. In BP-2, the commercial units for the Development were labelled only as
“shop” and the word “restaurant” was removed. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

3DBOD at p 193

The date of issuance of BP-2 was before the OTPs were granted on 13 April 2012
and before the SPAs were signed on 15 May 2012, meaning that BP-2, not BP-1,
applied at that time of the granting of the OTPs and the signing of the SPAs.
Most crucially, the Second Schedule of the SPAs made express reference to
BP-2. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

1DBOD at p 171

Events subsequent to the execution of the SPAs

31 The TOP for the Development was obtained on 21 May 2012 and the CSC was
only granted on 25 February 2013. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

1DBOD at pp 212-213; 2DBOD at pp 94-95

Sometime in end July 2012, the plaintiff engaged a contractor, Seah Gim Wah
Construction Pte Ltd, to start renovations and construction of the wooden
decking meant for the ORA. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

2PBAEIC at para 62

During the designing and preparatory stage of the plaintiff’s renovations for
the plaintiff’s business, NES realised that TKC had not made any arrangements
to construct the wooden decking for the walkway for the ORA, as allegedly
promised by the defendant. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

2PBAEIC at p 296 at para 61; 1PBAEIC at para 58

NES testified that TKC had informed him that the plaintiff would have to
construct its own instead and suggested that the plaintiff propose an initial
plan for his approval. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

1PBAEIC p 30 at para 58

NES decided “not to make a fuss as it was a relatively minor issue which [he]
could rectify by asking [his] contractor to do so”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

1PBAEIC p 30 at para 58

32 However, one week after the renovations started for the wooden decking,
with 11 footings installed in the area for the ORA, MP stopped the plaintiff’s
contractors from proceeding with the renovation works. This was because before
the plaintiff commenced renovation works in July 2012, the plaintiff had not
submitted any renovation plans for the defendant’s approval nor obtained the
written permission of URA and it had commenced renovation works before the CSC
was issued. According to MP, the structures and wooden decking that the
plaintiff was constructing would have delayed the issuance of the CSC as
approvals would be required from government authorities such as URA and NEA.
69

##### Foot Note 69

×

2DBAEIC at para 96

Without the approval from URA regarding the change of use of the Units, the
plaintiff could not proceed to construct the wooden decking for the ORA as the
plaintiff was not authorised to do so. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

2PBAEIC at para 64

On the other hand, NES thought that he had purchased the Units on the basis
that the area could be converted right away into an ORA which could then be
used for the plaintiff’s Principal Activities immediately. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

2PBAEIC at para 64

As of 21 February 2019, the 11 footings remained unremoved. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

2PBAEIC at para 62

33 On 26 July 2012, the plaintiff applied to URA for the change of approved
use of the Units from “shop” to “restaurant”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

2DBOD pp 91-92

On 20 December 2012, the defendant sent a letter to the plaintiff, stating
that it had no objections to the plaintiff utilising the open space in the
front and the back of the Units, for the purposes of the ORA, subject to the
plaintiff obtaining the necessary approvals from the relevant government
authorities and there being no complaints received from residents or members
of the public arising from the use. The letter also reiterated that the area
involved was a common area belonging to the MCST and permission of the MCST
would have to be sought once the Development was handed over to the MCST. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

2PBAEIC at p 459

34 On 28 December 2012, URA issued the Grant of Written Permission (Temporary)
for the plaintiff’s requested change of use of the Units from “shop” to
“restaurant” for a period of two years. On 3 January 2013, the defendant wrote
to the plaintiff, once again confirming the contents of the letter stated in
the letter on 20 December 2012 (see above at [33)]. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

2PBAEIC at p 460

35 After URA approval was obtained, the plaintiff wanted to resume the
construction of the wooden decking but was informed by the defendant that it
still had to wait for a year as the green verge surrounding the Development
represented in BP-2 (“green verge”) was under the purview of National Parks
Board (“NPB”) as they controlled the green zoning area and NPB’s approval was
required. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

1PBAEIC at para 82; 3DBOD at p 193

TKC estimated that the timeline would take up to a year and as a result, the
plaintiff ceased renovation of the Units. From late 2013 to early 2014, the
plaintiff attempted to sell and rent the Units out, but to no avail. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

1PBAEIC at para 84

On 13 November 2014, URA renewed the Grant of Written Permission for the
plaintiff to use the Units as “restaurants/food court” for two more years,
which would expire on 28 November 2016. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

3DBAEIC at pp 77-78

36 On 21 January 2015, after the formation of the MCST No. 3926 for the
Development, the defendant ceded all its management obligations to the MCST.
79

##### Foot Note 79

×

2DBOD at pp 115-116

37 At or around June 2015, the plaintiff applied to NEA for a food shop
licence. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

2DBOD at p 119-123

The process of applying and obtaining the food shop licence took at least 16
months (from 9 June 2015 to September 2016) and involved multiple appeals. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

1PBAEIC at para 86

38 NEA rejected the plaintiff’s application on 23 July 2015, noting that the
exhaust system was unsatisfactory as the plaintiff’s request was to discharge
the exhaust fumes at the first level of the Development and the food items
declared by the plaintiff involved heavy cooking which would emit fumes, smoke
and smell within the premises. NEA explained that: 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

2PBAEIC at p 510

Under the Code of Practice on Environment Health, all foodshops are required
to provide an exhaust system before they can carry out cooking activities
within the premises. The cooking fumes extracted must be discharged at or
above the roof, facing away and aesthetically screened from the immediate
neighbouring premises, such that it will not cause smell or other public
health nuisance. [emphasis added in bold italics]

39 In or around September 2015, NES asked TKC for contacts for consultants
that specialised in exhaust systems. TKC recommended Elead Associates Private
(“Elead”) who suggested by way of a letter dated 25 September 2015 to NEA, for
the relocation of the exhaust point to be at least 5m away from the
residential units above the Units and the opening of the exhaust for the food
court to be filtered through a clean air filter. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

2PBAEIC at p 563

However, on 12 October 2015, NEA rejected the proposal as the proposed
location of the exhaust discharge was “above the rear shop exit of the first
level of the building” and would “cause disamenities to the upper floor
residents and those in the nearby residential estates.” 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

2PBAEIC at p 565

Elead appealed once more to NEA on 5 November 2015, but was unsuccessful. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

2PBAEIC at p 566

40 Subsequently, in January 2016, the defendant assigned LCY Engineering Pte
Ltd to write to NEA on behalf of the plaintiff, and proposed the installation
of an Electrostatic Air Cleaner and Ozone Clean System (“Electrostatic
System”) to meet NEA’s requirements. However, NEA rejected the proposal to
install the Electrostatic System on 28 January 2016 as it would not be able to
cope with the cooking fumes in a “Chinese” style restaurant where extensive
cooking facilities were involved and the flue discharge from the exhaust
outlet at level one would affect the residents living above the Units. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

2PBAEIC at p 568

TKC then recommended a consultant, Mr David Wong of B Best Breed Advisory, to
the defendant. Mr David Wong made an appeal to NEA to grant the plaintiff a
temporary licence to operate and allow the Electrostatic System to be tried
out for one year on a pilot scheme. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

2PBAEIC at pp 569-570

On 13 May 2016, NEA agreed to the appeal, subject to the plaintiff’s
undertaking dated 12 May 2016, stating that in the event of any nuisance, the
plaintiff would seek to resolve all issues relating to the nuisance. The
undertaking also stated that where the plaintiff was unable to rectify the
issues, the plaintiff understood that the food shop licence would be revoked,
and the plaintiff would have to cease business immediately and dismantle the
new system. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

2PBAEIC p 311 at para 113, p 571

As such, the plaintiff replaced the existing system with the Electrostatic
System. On 2 June 2016, the defendant wrote to the plaintiff to confirm that
it would subsidise $64,200 of the costs of the Electrostatic System to be
installed by LCY Engineering Pte Ltd. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

1PBOD at p 206

41 On 21 September 2016, NEA eventually granted the plaintiff the food shop
licence which was approved with terms and conditions attached: the plaintiff
could use the premises as a restaurant but the plaintiff was not allowed to do
heavy cooking unless the plaintiff could comply with NEA’s regulations and if
not, the food shop licence would be revoked. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

2PBAEIC at para 127; 3DBOD at p 44

42 In October 2016, the plaintiff commenced business operations in only the
unit #01-01 with no heavy cooking. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

2PBAEIC at para 130; Transcript 11 March 2019 at p 132

However, in the middle of November 2016, the plaintiff commenced heavy cooking
operations. In December 2016 and January 2017, NEA notified the plaintiff of
public complaints relating to the cooking fumes emanating from its business.
Further, NEA inspected the plaintiff’s business twice a week. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Transcript 11 March 2019 at p 134

On March 2017, there was a meeting held on-site with NEA to inspect the
situation at unit #01-01 of the Alexis and to discuss further rectification of
the problem. On 24 April 2017, NEA sent the plaintiff a letter of warning
pertaining to public complaints received regarding the smell nuisance from the
plaintiff’s business, which was affecting the residents living above the
Units. In the letter, NEA noted that their inspections revealed that the
cooking smell could be detected from the outlet of the plaintiff’s exhaust
system. The letter warned the plaintiff to “resolve the smell nuisance failing
which [NEA] would be compelled to revoke [the plaintiff’s] food shop licence”.
93

##### Foot Note 93

×

2PBAEIC at p 587

NES was worried about the uncertainty of when NEA would issue the notice for
termination for his business and decided to close his business in September
2017. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Transcript 13 March 2019 at p 108; 2PBAEIC at para 134

It is noteworthy that there was no formal closure notice or revocation of
licence issued by NEA, before the plaintiff closed his business. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript 14 March 2019 at p 171; 13 March 2019 at pp 43-44

My decision

The law

43 A misrepresentation is a false representation of past or existing fact
which materially induces the innocent party to enter into the contract in
reliance on it: Andrew B L Phang & Goh Yihan, Contract Law in Singapore
(Kluwer Law International, 2012) at para 462. In Rahmatullah s/o Oli Mohamed v
Rohayaton binte Rohani and Others [2002] SGHC 222 at [73], the High Court
observed that:

It is trite law that for a misrepresentation to be actionable, the following
conditions must be satisfied:-

(i) a representation was made by one party;

(ii) the representation was acted on by an innocent party;

(iii) the innocent party suffered detriment as a result.

44 Further, an actionable misrepresentation must have played a real and
substantial part in operating on the mind of the innocent party in inducing
the innocent party to enter into an agreement, although it need not be the
sole inducement: Jurong Town Corp v Wishing Star Ltd [2005] 3 SLR(R) 283 at
[72]; and Panatron Pte Ltd v Lee Cheow Lee [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 “Panatron” at
[23].

45 Having summarised the law on misrepresentation, I now turn to analyse
whether R1, R2 and R3 are actionable misrepresentations and if so, whether
they had induced the plaintiff to enter into the SPAs.

R1

46 R1, as the plaintiff pleaded, is that the Units could be used both as shops
or as restaurants that involve heavy cooking and also for the Principal
Activities of the plaintiff. R1 essentially comprises two implied sub-
representations: that each of the Units could either be used as a shop or a
restaurant (“R1(a)”) and if the Units were to be used as a restaurant, they
could also be used for heavy cooking and the plaintiff’s Principal Activities
(“R1(b)”).

47 The plaintiff submits that R1(a) is a representation that the Units could
be used for any type of restaurant, not just specifically a zichar restaurant,
which impliedly means that the Units had already received URA approval for
their use as a restaurant. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

PCS at para 27(a)

However, R1(a) is a false statement of fact as the Units were sold to the
plaintiff to be used only as “shops” and the plaintiff had to obtain approval
from URA for their use as a “restaurant” (see above at [33]).

48 As for R1(b), the plaintiff submits that it is a representation that
implies that the Units had been constructed such that they had already met
NEA’s criteria that permitted the Units to be used specifically as a zichar
restaurant, which involved heavy cooking. Further, it is the plaintiff’s case
that the defendant had represented that it would ensure that the plaintiff
would be able to carry out the plaintiff’s Principal Activities, including
heavy cooking and if there was any issue, the defendant as developers, had the
necessary competence to make the necessary applications to the relevant
authorities to resolve any issues that might arise. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 18

The plaintiff avers that R1(b) is false as the Units did not have the capacity
and infrastructure (such as an effective fumes exhaust system) and approval by
the relevant authorities for the full-fledged use as a food court or
restaurant that involved heavy cooking and for the plaintiff’s Principal
Activities. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 17; PCS at para 10

The plaintiff had to appeal multiple times in order to obtain NEA’s approval
for a food shop licence (see above at [37]-[41]). 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PCS at para 27(b)

While NEA did eventually grant a food shop licence to the plaintiff, the
plaintiff avers that NEA “continued to be a thorn in the plaintiff’s sides”.
100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PCS at para 28

There were smell nuisance issues that resulted in complaints by the residents
living above the Units to NEA as the Units lacked an effective exhaust fumes
system. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PCS at para 28

This resulted in a warning being issued by NEA to the plaintiff and NES’s
eventual decision to shut down the restaurant. The plaintiff’s case, as
clarified at trial, is not that the defendant had promised the plaintiff to
build an exhaust system, but rather that by virtue of the NEA regulations that
applied, the Units should have had an effective exhaust system for the fumes
resulting from the heavy cooking. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcript 14 March 2019 at p 85

49 In terms of the alleged representations communicated by the defendant to
the plaintiff in relation to R1, I have classified them into two categories
based on whether they occurred before or after 13 April 2012: (i) the set of
representations made by the defendant in relation to R1 before 13 April 2012
(collectively referred to as “Initial R1”) and (ii) the representations made
by the defendant in relation to R1 from 13 April 2012 to 15 May 2012 (ie,
Reassurance 1 and Reassurance 2).

50 In my analysis below, I first deal with whether Initial R1 was made. Next,
if Initial R1 was made, I then assess the implied meaning of Initial R1.
Subsequently, taking into account the objective documentary evidence that
arose from 13 April 2012 to 15 May 2012 (ie, Clause 20M and the Defendant’s
Letters) as well as the defendant’s alleged Reassurance 1 and Reassurance 2, I
will assess whether R1 had still been operative on the mind of NES and whether
the plaintiff was induced by R1 to enter into the SPAs.

Representations made before 13 April 2012 (ie, Initial R1)

Whether Initial R1 was made

51 I now deal with the question of whether Initial R1 was made before the
signing of the OTPs on 13 April 2012. Having considered the totality of
evidence placed before this court, I accept that in the meetings prior to the
signing of the OTPs on 13 April 2012, TKC did make representations to NES that
the Units could be used as a zichar restaurant or food court and represented
that there “should be no problem” (ie, Initial R1).

52 First, NES testified that his initial plan for the Units was to run a food
court, where he could set up his zichar stall, known as JE Crab Specialist,
within the food court. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript 11 March 2019 at p 111

As such, during the first meeting in September 2011, NES communicated to TKC
that he wanted to “run a coffeeshop and [zichar] business”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript 11 March 2019 at p 106

TKC replied that it was “all right”, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript 11 March 2019 at p 106

and that it should not be a problem operate a zichar restaurant in the Units.
This was because some of the units on the ground floor were intended or had
been approved for restaurants or F&B operations. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

1PBAEIC at para 16

NES testified that TKC allegedly assured NES that “for such an operation,
everything was ready”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

1PBAEIC at para 16

53 Over the course of the meetings from September 2011 to 13 April 2012, NES
testified that TKC had repeated R1 and reassured TKC that the plaintiff could
operate a zichar restaurant or food court. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

1PBAEIC at paras 28, 32

TKC also allegedly assured NES that as the developer, director and shareholder
of the defendant, TKC would ensure that the defendant would carry out the
Representations. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

1PBAEIC at para 16, 28

NES also testified that at no point in time during the meetings did TKC inform
the plaintiff that the plaintiff had to apply to the authorities for the
change of use from a “shop” to a “restaurant” for the Units. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

1PBAEIC at para 24

54 Next, Jasper testified that at the first meeting where he introduced NES to
TKC, NES had mentioned to TKC that he was looking to buy units to operate his
zichar business. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript 13 March 2019 at p 131

Jasper also testified that at the subsequent meetings before the signing of
the OTPs, he had heard TKC telling NES that the Units could be used as a food
court, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript 14 March 2019 at p 65

for F&B operations and for a zichar restaurant. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript 13 March 2019 at pp 147-148

Initially, Jasper went as far as to testify that TKC or MP guaranteed NES that
the Units would be converted to a restaurant. However, upon further cross-
examination, Jasper conceded that the actual words used were the Hokkien words
“bo bun dui”, which means “no problem” in English, and admitted that no
guarantee had been given by TKC to NES: 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript 14 March 2019 at pp 69-70, 72

COURT: Did you say it in Mandarin or English?

A. Sometime they talk in Hokkien, sometime Mandarin.

COURT: What words were used in Mandarin that say they guarantee, definitely
will get the spot?

A. "Bo bun dui", "no problem".

COURT: "No problem" is not a guarantee. When I say guarantee, I mean
"guarantee". It's not a guarantee.

A. Guarantee.

COURT: Just a "no problem". So "no problem", it can be converted to
restaurant?

A. Yes.

…

COURT: So as far as you are concerned, basically no problem, but not a
guarantee?

A. Say no problem.

55 On the other hand, TKC categorically denied representing to the plaintiff
that the Units could be used as a restaurant capable of heavy cooking and
supporting the plaintiff’s Principal Activities. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

1DBAEIC 15 at para 32

It was TKC’s testimony that NES had never said that he was going to use the
Units for a zichar business and TKC did not ask for further details about the
type of business that NES was intending to open. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript 15 March 2019 at p 66

According to TKC’s Affidavit of Evidence-In-Chief (“AEIC”), he had merely
informed NES that the Units could be used for “F&B” purposes, subject to the
grant of approvals of the relevant authorities such as URA. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

1DBAEIC 10 at paras 11 and 12

However, it is TKC’s evidence at trial that NES had asked TKC whether the
Units could be used as a “food court”, to which TKC had replied that, “there
should not be any problem for the change of use [to a food court]”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript 15 March 2019 at p 58

Subsequently during his cross-examination, TKC admitted that NES had informed
TKC that NES was intending to use the Units as a “food court”, and the words
“F&B” were not used. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript 15 March 2019 at p 67

56 It is not surprising that both NES and TKC had diametrically opposite
testimonies on whether R1 was made, given their respective self-interest in
the matter. However, I am more persuaded by NES’s testimony than TKC’s
testimony for the following reasons.

57 First, the assertion that TKC told NES that the Units could be used for a
zichar restaurant and that there should be “no problem” (or “bo bun dui” in
Hokkien) was corroborated by Jasper’s testimony, who was present at the
meetings. That said, I do note that Jasper was not as impartial as the
plaintiff had claimed. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PCS at para 42

Jaspar displayed a strong willingness to help NES out as Jasper felt bad for
introducing NES to TKC. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Transcript 13 March 2019 at p 145; 14 March 2019 at p 11

As such, I do accord Jasper’s testimony its appropriate weight. Second, I note
the inconsistencies between the TKC’s AEICs and his viva voce evidence
regarding the use of the terms “F&B” or “food court” in NES’s communications
to him (see above at [55]). Third, it is unlikely that TKC did not ask and NES
also did not mention about the type of business that he intended to operate in
the Units, especially after TKC managed to convince NES to purchase two units,
instead of one. Fourth, the circumstantial evidence points to TKC’s knowledge
of NES’s intention to set up a zichar restaurant. In November 2011, TKC, MP
and the defendant’s staff visited the plaintiff’s zichar restaurant in Bedok
North to have dinner. According to the plaintiff, this was intended for the
defendant to better understand the nature of the plaintiff’s other zichar
business in order to help set up the plaintiff’s future business in the
Development. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

1PBAEIC at para 18

This seems probable and I find that TKC must have been aware of NES’s
intention of possibly setting up a zichar restaurant in the Units, especially
after visiting the plaintiff’s zichar restaurant in Bedok North.

58 On the balance of probabilities, I find that in the meetings prior to the
signing of the OTPs on 13 April 2012, TKC did make representations to NES that
the Units could be used as a zichar restaurant or food court and that there
“should be no problem” (ie, Initial R1).

Implied meaning of Initial R1

59 I now turn to the implied meaning of Initial R1. I am of the view that
Initial R1 could not have been (i) a guarantee by the defendant that the
Units’ approved use had already been changed or would be changed from a “shop”
to a “restaurant” by URA and (ii) a guarantee that the Units would be capable
of being used for heavy cooking and the plaintiff’s Principal Activities by
ensuring that NEA would approve the plaintiff’s food shop licence. At best, I
can accept that Initial R1 implied that the defendant would try its best to
assist the plaintiff with (a) its applications to URA to change the use of the
Units from a “shop” to a “restaurant”; and (b) its applications to NEA for a
food shop licence. These are the reasons for my decision.

60 First, NES and KC admitted in their testimony that at the time of the
signing of the OTPs, when NES asked why the words “restaurant/food court” had
not been stated in Clause 20M, TKC’s reply was that “it was not an issue and
if the plaintiff encountered any difficulties, they [could] rely on him and
the defendant for help. [emphasis added]” (see above at [22]). This shows that
NES and KC were fully aware that the Units were not approved as restaurants
before NES signed the SPAs. Further, Jasper conceded during his cross-
examination that no guarantee had been given by TKC (see above at [52]).

61 Moreover, it is undisputed that only governmental authorities are able to
grant a change of the approved use of the Units or the food shop licences. In
Pender Development Pte Ltd and another v Chesney Real Estate Group LLP and
another and another suit [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1063 (“Pender”), a statement was made
by the representor, Vincent, to the representee company’s consultant, Jenny
Pang, that the development at Pender Court would definitely attain foreigner
eligibility status with his assistance. The High Court found that the
statement, even if made, was nothing more than a mere puff as “no one could
guarantee that the development would definitely attain foreigner eligibility
status save for URA itself”: Pender at [36]. This was especially so, given
Jenny Pang’s experience in the property development industry and the fact that
she had a team of architects to advise her. It was inconceivable that
Vincent’s statement could have induced Jenny Pang to enter into an agreement
with Chesney LLP.

62 Similarly, in the present case, the statement made by TKC that the Units
could be used as a zichar restaurant or food court and that there “should be
no problem” are nothing more than mere puffs as TKC could not have guaranteed
that URA or NEA would definitely have approved of the plaintiff’s application.
In fact, TKC clarified at trial that “no problem” meant that the defendant
would try to assist the plaintiff to obtain approval for the change of use of
the Units from a “shop” to a “restaurant”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcript 15 March 2019 at pp 117-118

TKC had therefore never guaranteed NES that the Units’ approved use had
already been changed or would definitely be changed from a “shop” to a
“restaurant” by URA. Just like in Pender, the defendant was not a governmental
authority and had no authority to approve the change of use of the Units. This
also puts paid to the actionability of the plaintiff’s averment that the
defendant had further represented (even if it is true) that if there was any
issue, the defendant as developers, had the necessary competence to make the
necessary applications to the relevant authorities to resolve any issues that
might arise. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

SOC (Amendment No. 1) at para 18

63 Additionally, just like in Pender, it is also inconceivable that NES could
have been induced by the Initial R1 to enter into the SPAs, given his
experience in the F&B industry and the fact that both NES’s solicitor and KC
were advising him prior to his signing of the SPAs. As such, the implied
meaning of Initial R1 conveyed by TKC to NES and as understood by NES was not
a guarantee, but a promise by the defendant to try its best to assist the
plaintiff in its applications to the relevant government authorities.

64 As regards the implied meaning of the words “could be used as a zichar
restaurant or food court”, a narrow interpretation of the words would be that
the Units had been approved as a restaurant or could be used as a restaurant
because its use as such had already been approved by the authorities (“narrow
interpretation”). This narrow interpretation is supported by the letter of the
plaintiff’s lawyer, Ms Wong, to the defendant’s solicitor on 16 April 2012 as
the letter sought to confirm that the defendant had represented to NES that
the Units had been approved for use as a restaurant. However, a generous
interpretation of the words would be that the defendant had represented that
it was possible for the plaintiff to obtain approvals from URA and NEA for the
Units to be used as a zichar restaurant (“generous interpretation”). This
necessarily means that a possible technical solution existed, for the
plaintiff to run its operation involving heavy cooking, whilst not creating a
smell nuisance problem that would result in the revocation of the plaintiff’s
NEA food shop licence. I will deal with this generous interpretation of
Initial R1 below at [77]. However, it must be emphasised that Ms Wong had
never alluded to this generous interpretation as the substance of the
representation of R1 when asserting what the actual representation made by TKC
to NES was. Due weight must be given to the contemporaneous nature of the
written correspondence of Ms Wong, acting for the defendant at that time.

Clause 20M, Defendant’s Letters, Reassurance 1 and Reassurance 2

65 I now turn to the objective documentary evidence put before this court and
the alleged reassurances made by the defendant from 13 April 2012 to 15 May
2012.

66 The premise of the plaintiff’s case on R1 is entirely based on oral
representations made by TKC or MP over 7 years ago. Hence, in comparison to
the testimonies of TKC, NES and Jasper on their recollection of the exact
words communicated between the plaintiff and the defendant, I would place
greater relative weight on objective documentary evidence that was
contemporaneous with the signing of the SPAs. Due to its high probative value
and reliability, the primacy of documentary evidence in the present case
cannot be understated.

67 For R1 to be an actionable misrepresentation, it must have played a real
and substantial part in operating on the mind of the innocent party in
inducing the innocent party to enter into an agreement: Panatron at [23]. In
the light of the two pieces of objective documentary evidence (ie, Clause 20M
and the Defendant’s Letters) that corrected Initial R1, I find that R1 could
not have induced the plaintiff to enter into the SPAs. I now explain my
reasons for my decision.

68 First, Clause 20M expressly contradicts R1: 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

2DBAEIC at pp 91, 99

20M. Approved Use of the Unit

20M.1 The Unit is approved for use as a shop in the grant of the Written
Permission for the Building by the Competent Authority under the Planning Act
(Cap. 232).

20M.2 Unless with the prior permission of the Competent Authority under the
Planning Act, the Purchaser shall not use the Unit or allow the Unit to be
used for any purpose other than the approved use as specified above in
accordance with the Written Permission of the Competent Authority.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in bold italics]

Clause 20M.1 (in both the OTPs and the SPAs) stipulates that the Units had
only been approved for use as “[shops]”. Additionally, Clause 20M.2 places the
responsibility on the plaintiff to apply for permission from the Competent
Authority for the change of use. Should the plaintiff seek to use either unit
for purposes outside of the approved use as a shop (ie, as a restaurant), it
would have to apply for URA’s approval.

69 Second, the correspondence between the plaintiff’s and defendant’s
solicitors does not support the plaintiff’s claim that R1, based on the narrow
interpretation, was made. On 16 April 2012, the plaintiff’s lawyer, Ms Wong,
wrote to the defendant’s solicitor, Ms Choy to confirm that “[the defendant
had] represented to [NES] that the above unit [had been] approved for use as a
restaurant [emphasis added]”. I note that the alleged representation stated in
Ms Choy’s letter is worded differently from R1, which is that “the Units could
be used as both shops or restaurants including for heavy cooking and the
plaintiff’s Principal Activities”. In her letter, Ms Wong also sought to amend
the unit’s approved use as a “shop” to a “restaurant” (see above at [26]). On
18 April 2012, Mr Choy replied to the plaintiff with the Defendant’s Letters,
and denied that the defendant had represented to the NES that the Units had
been approved for use as a restaurant and rejected the plaintiff’s request to
amend the SPAs’ Approved Use of the Unit: see above at [27].

70 Notably, the Defendant’s Letters bear two crucial features. First, it was
made while the plaintiff was receiving independent legal advice from Ms Wong.
Second, the correspondence occurred before the plaintiff had signed the SPAs
on 15 May 2012. Despite receiving independent legal advice and an unequivocal
written representation by the defendant that it had not represented that the
Units had been approved for use as restaurants, the plaintiff went ahead to
sign the SPAs. The Defendant’s Letters made it very clear to the plaintiff
that the defendant had not represented that the Units had been approved for
use as restaurants and puts paid to the plaintiff’s averment that R1, based on
the narrow interpretation, was made.

71 As regards the law on the effect of a representor’s correction of his
earlier misrepresentation, I reproduce the following excerpts from Broadley
Construction Pte Ltd v Alacran Design Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 110 (“Broadley”) at
[32]–[33]:

33 The effect of a representor’s correction of his earlier misrepresentation
can be analysed in two ways. First, it may be said that there is no longer a
misrepresentation at the time of the contract because it has either been
withdrawn or corrected. Second, even if the earlier misrepresentation was
still in effect, the representee, now being aware of the truth or the
withdrawal of this earlier misrepresentation, cannot be said to have been
induced by it… The first approach focuses on whether the correction had
extinguished the earlier misrepresentation, whereas the second approach
focuses on whether the earlier misrepresentation had nonetheless induced the
representee notwithstanding the correction. We think that in practice, there
is little to choose between these two approaches… Ultimately, the appropriate
analysis depends on the facts, but we generally prefer the second approach for
two reasons. First, when a misrepresentation has been made to the representee,
it cannot as a matter of reality be extinguished or withdrawn. Any further
representation really only has the effect of altering the effect of the
earlier misrepresentation on the representee’s mind, which is essentially an
inquiry into inducement. Second, we consider this to be more practically
feasible because where a further representation falls short of entirely
withdrawing or correcting the earlier misrepresentation but merely qualifies
it to an extent, or makes no reference to the earlier misrepresentation at
all, the court’s inquiry should not be limited to determining to what extent
the earlier misrepresentation had been corrected, but instead focus on the
impact both representations, taken together, had on the representee. If there
is any ambiguity as to how the representations interact with each other, the
determining consideration is whether the earlier misrepresentation was still
operative in that it still had the effect of inducing the representee to enter
into the contract. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Applying the second approach preferred by the Court of Appeal in Broadley, I
find that the plaintiff could not have been induced to enter into the SPAs by
Initial R1 premised on its narrow interpretation.

72 In coming to my decision, I also take into account the plaintiff’s
allegation that when NES and KC raised the issue of Clause 20M on 13 April
2012, TKC and MP repeated the Representations and reassured them that the word
“shop” was purely administrative in nature and merely a formality (ie,
Reassurance 1, see above at [22]). Further, NES testified that after receiving
the Defendant’s Letters, he had contacted TKC for clarifications about Ms
Choy’s letter and TKC had allegedly reiterated that this was purely
administrative and that NES should proceed with the purchase and allegedly
assured NES that he would have no problem operating a zichar restaurant or
food court (ie, Reassurance 2, see above at [28]). 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

1PBAEIC at para 55

Even if I were to assume both Reassurance 1 and Reassurance 2 as true, I still
find that the further representations through Clause 20M and the Defendant’s
Letters had corrected Initial R1. The plaintiff was not induced to enter into
the SPAs by R1 premised on its narrow interpretation and I now explain the
reasons for my decision.

73 First, the plaintiff is a seasoned operator of F&B outlets and stalls with
more than 15 years of experience and 15 coffee shops under its wing. I would
expect NES to have had prior experience in signing OTPs and SPAs with property
developers for his other businesses. I also would expect an experienced
businessman in the F&B industry such as NES to understand the legal
significance of clauses in signed contracts. I also do not accept that NES had
no knowledge of the legal significance of the Defendant’s Letters: an
unequivocal denial of R1 based on its narrow interpretation. Strangely, the
plaintiff’s case rests on the theory that NES chose to believe the alleged
Reassurance 1 and Reassurance 2, if they happened at all, over the objective
documentary evidence such as the Defendant’s Letters and Clause 20M, which
squarely contradict Initial R1 based on its narrow interpretation. I find that
such Initial R1 could not have been operative on NES’s mind once NES had
notice of Clause 20M and the Defendant’s Letters.

74 Second, NES was legally represented by Ms Wong at the material time,
especially before the signing of the SPAs on 15 May 2012. There is no reason
why NES should not have understood the legal significance of Clause 20M and
the Defendant’s Letters. In fact, Ms Wong had discussed the issue of the
Units’ approved use under Clause 20M with NES. This discussion sparked Ms
Wong’s decision to write to the defendant on 16 April 2012 to confirm that the
defendant had represented to NES that the Units were approved for use as
“restaurants”. Ms Wong also requested the defendant to amend Clause 20M.
Instead, the defendant’s solicitor replied by way of the Defendant’s Letters
on 18 April 2012 to expressly deny that they ever made such a representation
and to reject the plaintiff’s request to amend Clause 20M. At that juncture,
the combined effect of Clause 20M and the Defendant’s Letters would have
altered the effect premised on the narrow interpretation of Initial R1 on
NES’s mind, even if I assume that Reassurance 1 and Reassurance 2 had
occurred.

75 Third, the present case is one where the misrepresentation was dispelled by
the express terms of the contract: Broadley at [35]. I now reproduce an
excerpt from Broadley at [36], on the Court of Appeal’s commentary of the
English case Peekay Intermark Ltd v Australia and New Zealand Banking Group
Ltd [2006] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 511 (“Peekay”):

Peekay stands for the proposition that a plaintiff would not ordinarily be
held to be induced by a misrepresentation if the express contractual terms,
which the plaintiff placed importance on, read and signed, and which the
defendant expected that the plaintiff would read and understand, contradict or
correct the defendant’s misrepresentation. … It is still the law that
representees are not obliged to test the accuracy of the representations made
to them, and it does not matter if they had the opportunity to discover the
truth as long as they did not actually discover it (Peekay at [40]). But where
the true position appears clearly from the terms of the very contract which
the plaintiff says it was induced to enter into by the misrepresentation
(Peekay at [43]), the position is quite different. After all, it is a
corollary of the basic principle of contract law that a person is bound by the
terms of the contract he signs, notwithstanding that he may be unaware of its
precise legal effect. Such a claimant should be taken to have actually read
the contract and known the falsity of the earlier representation. To hold
otherwise would undercut the basis of the conduct of commercial life – that
businessmen with equal bargaining power would read their contracts and defend
their own interests before entering into contractual obligations, and that
they would rely on their counterparties to do the same. [emphasis in original;
emphasis added in bold italics]

Clause 20M clearly contradicts and dispels Initial R1 premised on its narrow
interpretation. It is incumbent on NES to have read and understood the effect
of Clause 20M of the SPAs, especially when he had independent legal advice and
ample time to go through the clauses of the SPAs. If the issue of the Units’
approved use as restaurants that involved heavy cooking had been such a
crucial factor in NES’s decision to enter into the SPAs, it should also have
been expressly incorporated as a clause in the SPAs. In fact, Clause 20M
specifies that the Units’ approved use was the contrary. In the Specifications
of the Unit under the First Schedule of the SPAs, there is also no reference
to an effective fumes exhaust system. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

1DBOD at pp 168-169

Moreover, NES admitted during his cross-examination that he had been aware
that no exhaust system was provided in the Units before he signed the SPAs.
128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript 12 March 2019 at p 37

Despite the defendant’s rejection of the plaintiff’s request to amend Clause
20M of the SPAs through the Defendant’s Letters, NES still went ahead to sign
the SPAs. As such, the plaintiff could not have been induced to enter into the
SPAs by R1.

76 As a side note, I am also unconvinced by the plaintiff’s submission that
NES was never informed of the change of Building Plans from BP-1 (where the
Units were labelled as “shop/restaurant”) to BP-2 (where the Units were
labelled as “shop”) that occurred before he was granted the OTPs and signed
the SPAs. First, KC admitted at trial that the plaintiff only had actual
notice of both BP-1 and BP-2 after they commenced the present suit in 2017 by
searching and purchasing the Building Plans from Building Control Authority.
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript 14 March 2019 at p 144; 2PBAEIC at para 49

As such, the plaintiff could not have relied on BP-1 prior to signing the
SPAs, as it was a document that they never had sight of prior to commencing
the present suit. Second, the change of Building Plans from BP-1 to BP-2
occurred on 5 January 2012, before the OTPs were granted and the SPAs were
signed. Third, the SPAs made express reference to BP-2 and the plaintiff must
be taken to have read and understood the SPAs before entering into the
contracts. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript 12 April 2019 at p 26; 1DBOD at p 171

Finally, the plaintiff was well aware that the Units were only approved for
use as a “shop”, by virtue of Clause 20M and the Defendant’s Letters.

77 Additionally, even if I accept the generous interpretation of Initial R1
(see above at [64]), which rests on the factual assumption that a possible
technical solution existed such that it was therefore possible for the Units
to have obtained NEA approval, I find that Initial R1 premised on this
generous interpretation is not a false statement of fact. There are in fact
possible solutions and viable options that remained unexplored by the
plaintiff before NES prematurely decided to close down the restaurant in
September 2017. Most notably, NEA only issued the plaintiff a warning to
resolve the smell nuisance and there was neither any formal closure notice
issued nor revocation of licence by NEA. The plaintiff could have addressed
NEA’s concerns and continued to use the Units for heavy cooking and its
Principal Activities by discharging the exhaust fumes at alternative
locations.

78 For instance, MP proposed a solution of exhausting the hot fumes from heavy
cooking in the Units by expelling the fumes through an exhaust outlet beside
the carpark exhaust of the Development, behind the Units (“Carpark Exhaust
Solution”). 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript 9 April 2019 at pp 151-154

This would involve renting the space at the back of the Units from the MCST,
in order to discharge the fumes through an exhaust outlet installed beside the
car park exhaust and blowing the fumes in the same direction as the car park
exhaust. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcript 9 April 2019 at pp 152, 165

With the installation of a fan that was sufficiently powerful, the velocity of
the air leaving the exhaust outlet could be fast enough to blow the fumes even
further away from the windows of the residents living above the Units. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript 9 April 2019 at p 154

The vents of the exhaust outlet would also have been located more than 5m away
from the windows of the residents living above the Units. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript 9 April 2019 at p 164

The exhaust outlet would be near to the substation of a neighbouring telephone
exchange and would likely not generate any complaints. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript 9 April 2019 at p 154

This would have been a marked improvement over the Elead proposal dated 25
September 2015 (see above at [39]).

79 Both Mr Ying Kee Yeow (“Mr Ying”), the Director of Elead, as well as Mr Sim
Lye Huat (“Mr Sim”), an architect practising under Landmark Architects
Associate, testified that the Carpark Exhaust Solution was feasible. Mr Ying
confirmed that with MCST approval to construct the exhaust duct beside the car
park exhaust, there would be no issues. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript 10 April 2019 at p 202

Further, Mr Sim testified that the Carpark Exhaust Solution was a possibility,
engineering-wise, albeit it would be subject to (i) MCST approval for the use
of common property and (ii) URA approval, depending on the available Ground
Floor Area. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript 11 April 2019 at p 234

Further, Mr Sim agreed that the exhaust pipes of the Carpark Exhaust Solution
could have been constructed overhead as a trellis in order not to obstruct
pedestrians from using the walkway and the trellis could be decorated for
aesthetic purposes. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript 11 April 2019 at pp 74, 233

In any case, both Mr Ying and Mr Sim confirmed that the Carpark Exhaust
Solution was a possibility, one which the plaintiff had not explored before
prematurely closing his business in September 2017. Moreover, in NEA’s letter
to the plaintiff dated 13 May 2016, NEA had waived its original requirements
of having the “discharge point located [to] be above the roof” subject to the
installation of the Electrostatic System, and there was a reasonable
possibility that NEA would also provide such a waiver for the Carpark Exhaust
Solution. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

2DBOD at pp 209-210

80 Moreover, Mr Ying gave evidence on the reasons why Elead did not explore
such an option in 2015. For instance, Elead had been requested by the
plaintiff to work with certain constraints, including retaining the existing
exhaust system (ie, numerous cooker hoods that had already been constructed)
as far as possible. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

4DBAEIC at para 43

Mr Ying also testified that Elead would have been able to smoothly design and
install a suitable exhaust system, (i) had the plaintiff commenced works in
relation to the exhaust system earlier, when the defendant was still the owner
of the Development, thereby having the power to facilitate proposed works to
the common property, and (ii) had the plaintiff not already installed an
exhaust system in the Units. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

4DBAEIC at para 45

Furthermore, it is Mr Ying’s testimony that his team did not explore other
possibilities, such as the Carpark Exhaust Solution, as they tried to solve
the issue without utilising common property that would involve the MCST. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript 11 April 2019 at pp 2-4

81 As such, the plaintiff closed the business prematurely and simply had not
sufficiently explored these options. It is entirely possible for the Units to
have retained its food shop licence granted by NEA and still operate as a
zichar restaurant that involved heavy cooking. Thus even on the generous
interpretation of Initial R1, it is not an actionable misrepresentation as it
is not a false statement of fact.

82 For all of the above reasons, I find that R1 is not an actionable
misrepresentation.

R2

83 In relation to R2, the plaintiff pleaded that the defendant had represented
to the plaintiff that the plaintiff could use the area in the front and back
of the Units as an ORA for its intended use of the Units. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

PCS at para 10

This is imprecisely pleaded as the defendant had no objections to the use of
the area as an ORA, as long as certain conditions were met (see above at [7]).
Instead, what the plaintiff means is that the defendant had represented to the
plaintiff that the plaintiff could have used the area as an ORA right away (i)
before the issuance of the CSC; (ii) without obtaining the approval of the
defendant (before the MCST was formed) by submitting its renovation plans to
the defendant; and (iii) without obtaining the written permission from URA for
the change of use of the Units. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

PCS at para 10; 1PBAEIC at para 58

84 As a result, when the plaintiff commenced renovation works and installed
the 11 footings for the wooden decking in the area for the ORA (i) before the
issuance of the CSC; (ii) without submitting the renovation plans to the
defendant for approval; and (iii) before the written permission of URA had
been obtained, the renovation works were stopped by MP. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript 12 March 2019 at pp 23-25

As such, the plaintiff submits that R2 is a false statement of fact.

85 I first turn to assess whether R2 was made and examine what was actually
communicated. In that respect, I accept TKC’s testimony, which was that before
the OTPs were signed, when NES asked TKC if the plaintiff could use the area
as an ORA for their intended use of the Units, TKC had merely represented to
the defendant that he had “no objections”. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Transcript 19 March 2019 at pp 67-68

However, TKC admitted that he had not informed NES about the approvals
required by URA, or that the plaintiff could not start renovation works before
the issuance of the CSC. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript 19 March 2019 at pp 76

This is corroborated by MP’s testimony: 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript 9 April 2019 at pp 71-72

COURT: Did Mr Tan tell you that he had promised Mr Neo that he could use the
areas outside the units that he was purchasing for his own use?

A. I think what Mr Tan told me was that he’s thinking of using the areas
outside as ORA, and if he wanted to use them, we could try to support them.
Support the use.

[emphasis added]

86 In my view, TKC’s representation of “no objections” does not impliedly mean
that the plaintiff would be allowed to operate the plaintiff’s Principal
Activities right away with the ORA, without any qualifications. A reasonable
interpretation of “no objections” would be that the defendant merely had no
objections to the plaintiff to utilise the open space in front and behind the
Units for the use as an ORA, subject to the government regulations. This
position is corroborated by the letters written by the defendant to the
plaintiff dated 20 December 2012 and 3 January 2013. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

2DBOD at pp 90, 93 and 102

The letters state that the defendant had no objection for the plaintiff to
utilise the open space outside the Units as an ORA, as long as the plaintiff
had obtained all the necessary approvals from the relevant government
authorities for the use. As I reiterate earlier above in [61]-[62], just like
in Pender, the defendant could not have exempted the plaintiff from obtaining
the necesssary approvals from the relevant government authorities as the
defendant simply had no such power nor authority to do so. NES should have
been fully aware of this, given his 15 years of experience in the F&B
industry. In fact, the plaintiff’s own contractor, Seah Gim Wah Construction
Pte Ltd, sent the plaintiff an email dated 3 July 2012, disclaiming the
following before commencing renovation works: 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

1DBOD at p 218

As instructed by you, we will proceed to start renovation works without any
application (necessary forms to submit, etc) to Authorities. If any non-
compliance arise during demolition/renovation works, we will not be held
responsible for it.

It is likely that the plaintiff’s own contractor found it unusual to commence
renovation works without submitting plans for approval by the developer or the
governmental authorities and felt it necessary to record its position to
disclaim responsibility in the event of any non-compliance.

87 Most crucially, the terms of cl 20J of the SPAs and cl 2(j), 2(0), 2(p) and
2(z) of the Third Schedule of the SPAs expressly contradict R2, that the
plaintiff could use the front and back of the Units as an ORA right away,
without obtaining prior written consent or approval by the Vendor or the
relevant competent authorities: 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

1DBOD at pp 176, 179-180, 205, 208-209

Clause 20J. Roofing Over/ Enclosing Private Enclosed Space, Open Terrace and
Balcony

“The Purchaser acknowledges … and that the Purchaser shall therefore not be
entitled to cause or require the Open-Air Spaces (if any) to be roofed over or
enclosed in any manner unless prior written consent of the relevant competent
authorities and the Vendor or the management corporation (when formed) are
first had and obtained …

…

Third Schedule

…

2\. The Purchaser will not –

…

(j) make any addition or alteration to the … exterior areas of the Unit …
without the prior written approval of the Vendor or which is not in accordance
with the design and specifications of the Vendor;

(o) mark, paint, drive nails or screws or the like into, …any structure that
forms part of the common property without the approval in writing of the
Vendor;

(p) affix or erect any shade, … or the like to the common lobbies of the
Building … without prior written approval of the Vendor and the relevant
competent authorities;

(z) make any additions or alterations to the front or facade of the Unit
without the prior written consent of the Vendor and the approval of the
relevant authorities; …

NES must be taken to have read and understood the above clauses of the
contracts and be bound by the above clauses when he signed the SPAs (discussed
above at [75]). Furthermore, he had legal advice. NES must be taken to have
known that prior consent of the developer and prior approval of the relevant
authorities were required before commencing renovation works for the ORA. As
such, I find that R2 (ie that the area could be used right away as an ORA) was
not made.

88 Even if I accept that R2 was made, it would have been corrected by the
Defendant’s Letters. When the plaintiff’s solicitor wrote on 16 April 2012 to
verify if the defendant had represented that the plaintiff would be “allowed
to put tables and chairs at the open area in the front of the [Units]”, the
defendant, through the Defendant’s Letters, expressly denied that such a
representation had been made. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

2DBAEIC at pp 102, 104-106

At that point, this representation through the Defendant’s Letters made prior
to the plaintiff entering into the SPAs directly contradicted R2 and would
have corrected R2. The same principles in Broadley discussed above at [71]
would apply in this instance.

89 On the balance of probabilities, I find that R2 was not made. Even if R2
had been made, it is not an actionable misrepresentation as it would have been
corrected by the Defendant’s Letters and the plaintiff could not have been
induced by R2 to enter into the SPAs.

R3

90 I now turn to R3, that the defendant had allegedly represented that the
defendant would, at its own cost, construct the wooden decking to make
available the ORA space for the plaintiff to carry out its Principal
Activities. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript 11 March 2019 at p 109

91 I start with the testimony of the witnesses. First, NES testified that TKC
had made R3 to NES during the 14 December 2011 meeting 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

1PBAEIC at para 28

as well as the meetings from 15 December 2011 to 13 April 2012. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

1PBAEIC at para 32

In particular, during one of the walkabouts with NES, TKC and Jasper to visit
the Units, NES testified that when he queried why the unit #01-01 was pushed
further to the edge, leaving no walkway around the back of the premise of
#01-01, TKC allegedly replied that the defendant would “still be constructing
the walkway area around the corner all the way to the back and round the whole
stretch covering the units on the ground floor and not [the Units].” 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

1PBAEIC at para 33

TKC also allegedly represented to NES that the walkway area would be made of
wooden decking and therefore the natural grass would be removed for easy
maintenance. On top of that, it is Jasper’s testimony that he had heard TKC or
MP tell NES, at some point in time before the signing of the OTPs, that the
wooden decking would be constructed for the plaintiff to make the ORA
available for NES to carry out the plaintiff’s Principal Activities. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Transcript 14 March 2019 at p 66

92 On the other hand, TKC denied making R3 in relation to the construction of
the wooden decking. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

1DBAEIC at para 70

It is TKC’s testimony that he and MP had merely informed NES that they would
be happy to reconsider NES’s proposal to renovate the said areas (including
the construction of the wooden decking) only after the CSC was obtained. This
was because the structures and wooden decking proposed by the plaintiff would
delay the issuance of the CSC, as approvals would be required from government
authorities such as URA and NEA. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

1DBAEIC at para 73

93 I now turn to the documentary evidence, or the lack thereof in the present
case. I take into consideration the fact that the plaintiff did not include
any clauses regarding the provision of the wooden decking for the ORA in the
OTPs, SPAs or the Building Plans for the Development. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

3DBOD at pp 190-193, 195

Under BP-2, it is also evident that there would be a green verge surrounding
the Development, and not a wooden decking. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

3DBOD at p 193

It is also undisputed that the SPAs clearly referenced BP-2, which was
applicable to the Development. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

3DBOD at p 193; Transcript 12 April 2019 at p 26

94 In contrast, NES produced a plan (“Wooden Decking Plan”) where a shaded
area of the floor plan of the Development allegedly depicted the extent of the
wooden decking works that the defendant would undertake. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

1 PBAEIC at p 90

However, when cross-examined on the origin of the Wooden Decking Plan as well
as the markings, NES admitted that he did not know who had marked the shaded
area in the Wooden Decking Plan. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Transcript 13 March 2019 at pp 64-65

Subsequently, NES testified that it could have been shaded by him but he did
not write the handwritten notes, as he was not proficient in English. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Transcript 13 March 2019 at pp 64-66

As such, I accord little or no weight to this Wooden Decking Plan, without
evidence of the provenance of the document as well as the maker of the
handwritten notes on the document.

95 On the balance of probabilities, I find that the plaintiff has not
discharged the burden of proof that R3 was in fact made. To my mind, it is
unlikely that the defendant, as a property developer, would have made a
representation to undertake such an onerous obligation to construct a wooden
decking specially for the plaintiff’s intended ORA at its own cost. There is
also no such documentation that evidenced a plan to build a wooden decking in
the SPAs or in BP-2. In fact, BP-2 evidenced the contrary, that a green verge,
not wooden decking, would surround the Development.

96 Even if I were to accept that R3 had been made, I find that the plaintiff
could not have relied on R3 to enter into the SPAs. R3 is clearly not a
material representation that would have played a real and substantial part in
operating on the mind of NES in inducing him to enter into the agreement:
Panatron at [23]. It is NES’s testimony that the construction of the wooden
decking was a “relatively minor issue”. NES therefore decided “not to make a
fuss” and asked his own contractor to rectify the issue. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

1PBAEIC at para 58; Transcript 12 March 2019 at p 22

On that basis, NES conceded at trial that the plaintiff was waiving its rights
as against the defendant with regards to the wooden decking. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Transcript 12 March 2019 at p 23

97 Moreover, promises as to future conduct are not actionable: Goldrich
Venture Pte Ltd and another v Halcyon Offshore Pte Ltd [2015] 3 SLR 990 at
[107]. R3, if made, is only a promise by the defendant to do something for the
plaintiff which the defendant later did not fulfil but that promise does not
amount to a false representation of any past or existing fact by the defendant
that can form the basis of the plaintiff’s claim for misrepresentation.

98 For the above reasons, I find that R3, even if made, is not an actionable
misrepresentation.

Conclusion

99 In conclusion, this is a case whereby a legally represented plaintiff made
a bad commercial decision without fully understanding the implications of the
clauses in the SPAs that he signed. Unfortunately, this mistake resulted in a
broken dream of operating a successful zichar restaurant along Alexandra Road.
For the foregoing reasons, I dismiss the plaintiff’s entire claim for
misrepresentation against the defendant.

100 I will hear parties on costs, if not agreed.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Troy Yeo Siew Chye (Chye Legal Practice) (instructed counsel) and Lau See-Jin
Jeffrey (Lau & Company) (instructing counsel) for the plaintiff;  
Lee Hwai Bin, Valerie Koh and Deborah Hoe (WongPartnership LLP) for the
defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

