Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the Republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 117

Suit No 799 of 2017

Between

| TWG Tea Company Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Murjani Manoj Mohan  
---  
  
… Defendant

| Murjani Manoj Mohan  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff in counterclaim

And

(1)(2)| TWG Tea Company Pte LtdTaha Bou Qdib  
---|---  
(3)| Maranda Barnes Bou Qdib  
|  
  
… Defendants in counterclaim

JUDGMENT

[Trusts] — [Express trusts] — [Certainties] — [Certainty of object]

[Civil Procedure] — [No case to answer] — [Standard of proof]

[Tort] — [Defamation] — [Malicious falsehood] — [Damage]

* * *

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
* * *

TWG Tea Co Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Murjani Manoj Mohan

[2019] SGHC 117

High Court — Suit No 799 of 2017  
Audrey Lim JC  
15–16, 19, 21–22, 28 November, 10 December 2018; 1 March 2019  

3 May 2019 Judgment reserved.

Audrey Lim JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, TWG Tea Company Pte Ltd (“TWG Tea”) commenced this action
against the defendant, Mr Murjani Manoj Mohan (“Manoj”) in relation to a
website with the domain name www.twgtea.com (“the Domain Name”). Manoj is TWG
Tea’s former director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). The
Domain Name was registered by Manoj in his name, but TWG Tea claimed that he
holds it on trust for the company.

2 In turn, Manoj counterclaimed that he is the owner of the Domain Name and
that TWG Tea is liable to compensate him for its use. Manoj also
counterclaimed against Mr Taha Bou Qdib (“Taha”) and his wife Ms Maranda
Barnes Bou Qdib (“Maranda”). Taha is TWG Tea’s CEO and President, while
Maranda is the Director of Corporate Communications and Business Development.
Manoj alleged that TWG Tea, Taha and Maranda (“the counterclaim defendants”)
had published false statements concerning Manoj’s role as the founder of TWG
Tea.

3 At the close of TWG Tea’s case, Manoj made a submission of no case to
answer. I rejected Manoj’s submission. As a result of Manoj’s submission, no
evidence was led on his behalf and I expunged his affidavit of evidence-in-
chief (“AEIC”) from the record.

Background facts

4 TWG Tea was set up on 12 October 2007 when Sunbreeze Group Pte Ltd
(“Sunbreeze”) was renamed TWG Tea Company Pte Ltd. I will refer to the
formation of TWG Tea (via the renaming of Sunbreeze) as its “incorporation”.
Sunbreeze was effectively owned by Manoj, who had a 99.999% shareholding. TWG
Tea had its genesis as the Tea Division of The Wellness Group Pte Ltd
(“Wellness”). Wellness was incorporated in 2003 with Manoj and his wife as its
shareholders and directors. Manoj was also Wellness’ Chairman and CEO. In
2003, Wellness had two main businesses, which were its Tea and Spa Divisions.
1

##### Foot Note 1

×

15/11/18 Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 18.

5 On 20 March 2008, all of TWG Tea’s shares were transferred to Wellness and
TWG Tea became its wholly-owned subsidiary. In June 2008, TWG Tea’s shares
were given to Taha, Mr Rithyrith Aum-Stievenard (“Rith”) and Mr Philippe
Gerard Langlois (“Philippe”). Taha gave portions of his shares to Maranda. In
August 2008, a further allotment of shares was given to Wellness, Taha,
Maranda, Rith, and Philippe. As of 13 August 2008, the respective holdings in
TWG Tea were Wellness (79.56%), Taha (9.24%), Maranda (4.61%), Rith (4.61%),
and Philippe (1.98%).

6 By 11 December 2012, OSIM International Ltd (“OSIM”) had acquired 34.99% of
TWG Tea. Wellness held 54.71% and the remaining 10.29% was held by Paris
Investment Pte Ltd whose shareholders were Taha, Rith, and Philippe. To date,
Wellness, OSIM and Paris Investment Pte Ltd (which was purchased by OSIM in
2013) remain TWG Tea’s shareholders.

7 Disagreements subsequently arose between OSIM and Manoj. Although Manoj was
a director of TWG Tea from 12 October 2007, and its Chairman and CEO from 1
November 2008, he stepped down as CEO from 15 September 2012, and as director
and Chairman from 28 September 2012.

8 Taha initially commenced employment at Wellness as its Tea Division’s
Managing Director from 20 June 2007. His employment was transferred to TWG Tea
from 1 April 2008, and he became its President and a director. He stepped down
as director on 3 October 2018. Taha is currently TWG Tea’s CEO and President.
Maranda initially commenced employment as a director of Wellness’ Tea Division
from 25 July 2007. Her employment was transferred to TWG Tea on 1 April 2008,
and she was a director of TWG Tea from 18 August 2008 to 25 March 2009.
Maranda is currently Director of Corporate Communications and Business
Development of TWG Tea and has held that role since July 2009. Rith was first
employed by Wellness in November 2007. His employment was transferred to TWG
Tea from 1 April 2008 and he is currently its Chief Operations Officer. Rith
is not a party in this suit but gave evidence for the counterclaim defendants.
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Agreed List of Issues, Issues 1(c), 1(d), 2(c) and 2(d).

9 TWG Tea’s name was changed from “The Wellness Group” Tea to “The Wellbeing
Group” Tea sometime between October to December 2014.

Plaintiff’s and counterclaim defendants’ case

10 I set out TWG Tea’s and the counterclaim defendants’ case as narrated by
Taha, and refer to Maranda’s and Rith’s evidence where necessary.

Circumstances prior to the registration of the Domain Name

11 Taha was in the tea business and tea-related industry before joining
Wellness. He met Manoj sometime in 2003 or 2004. In February 2007, Manoj
offered Taha and Maranda employment in Wellness, with Taha as the CEO of the
Tea Division and Maranda as a director of the same. As part of their
remuneration, the letter of appointment stated that Taha and Maranda would
receive a 15% shareholding of Wellness’ Tea Division. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

15/11/18 NE 89; Maranda’s AEIC, p 23.

Taha and Maranda claimed that in essence, they were persuaded by this 15%
shareholding to move to Singapore (which they did in June 2007) and build the
luxury tea business from scratch. The 15% shareholding was meant to reflect
their contributions as partners and co-founders of TWG Tea’s business. Prior
to their arrival, Wellness had no such tea division to speak of. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Taha’s AEIC, paras 56 and 58.

12 After joining Wellness, Taha, Maranda and Rith’s employment were
transferred to TWG Tea. Taha states that Manoj, Maranda, Rith and he are all
co-founders of TWG Tea. Each of the co-founders brought their own strengths to
the business. Manoj provided business contacts to TWG Tea and investment
through Wellness. However, he did not have the expertise and know-how to
create a luxury tea brand and it was not until he met Taha and Maranda that
they could collaborate to establish a luxury tea business. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Taha’s AEIC, paras 64, 70–71.

Circumstances pertaining to the registration of the Domain Name

13 On 3 August 2007, Taha conceptualised and proposed to Maranda and Manoj to
brand and name the luxury tea business (at that time still existing as
Wellness’ Tea Division) as “TWG Tea” (“the 3 August 2007 meeting”). Taha
claimed that from the start, they “agreed…and it was understood that all
associated rights and property, including but not limited to the name “TWG
Tea” and the rights in any trade marks and/or domain name and/or goodwill
associated with the name “TWG Tea” would be owned by TWG Tea.” 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Taha’s AEIC, paras 8 and 9.

14 Taha and Maranda claimed that during the 3 August 2007 meeting and while
they were discussing the name of the brand (which was TWG Tea), Manoj went up
to his office. When he returned, he informed them that he had registered the
Domain Name. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

15/11/18 NE 164–166; 22/11/18 NE 14.

Specifically, Maranda claimed that it was important that there was an
available domain name before they decided to register the name of the company.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

22/11/18 NE 23–27.

It is not disputed that on 3 August 2007, Manoj registered the domain name
www.twgtea.com with the domain name host GANDI, with himself as its registrant
and owner.

15 Manoj did not tell Taha (in 2007) that he had registered the Domain Name in
his personal name. Taha only found this out in April 2008, when Manoj informed
him that he had registered another domain name, www.tahatea.com in Manoj’s own
name. Taha was surprised that Manoj was able to register a domain name in
Taha’s namesake. In the course of his online searches, Taha discovered Manoj
had registered the Domain Name under his name. When questioned, Manoj assured
Taha that the Domain Name was at all times TWG Tea’s property, he was holding
it for TWG Tea and he would transfer the Domain Name to TWG Tea on its demand.
Taha did not doubt Manoj as they then had a good working relationship. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Taha’s AEIC, paras 9–13; 15/11/18 NE 8.

16 Additionally, Manoj had on 10 July 2009 copied Maranda on an email stating
that he had gone online and “renewed our domain www.twgtea.com for 3 years…”.
On 9 April 2008, Manoj emailed Taha and Maranda, with the subject
“tahatea.com” and stated that he had “registered for us as it was still open”.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Taha’s AEIC, pp 283 and 288.

Taha did not take issue over this with Manoj, as Manoj had renewed other
domain names (which were registered in his personal capacity) for TWG Tea.
Manoj had also used TWG Tea’s corporate credit card to renew the Domain Name
and other domain names in 2011. In fact, in the course of negotiations with
Vision Straight General Trading LLC (“Vision Straight”) for it to acquire
shares in TWG Tea, Manoj had signed a document dated 25 February 2010
declaring that the Domain Name would always remain the property of TWG Tea
(“the Declaration Letter”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Taha’s AEIC, paras 11–15.

17 TWG Tea claimed that Manoj holds the Domain Name on express trust for it.
In a letter on 23 August 2016, TWG Tea’s solicitors demanded that Manoj
transfer the Domain Name to TWG Tea. TWG claimed that as Manoj has failed to
do so, he has acted in breach of trust and/or in breach of his duties as a
trustee to return the trust property to TWG Tea. Alternatively, Manoj holds
the Domain Name on constructive trust for TWG Tea. Further, Manoj was estopped
from denying that the Domain Name at all material times belonged to TWG Tea.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Statement of claim, paras 10, 12–15, 21, 22–25.

Manoj’s defence and counterclaims

18 Manoj claimed he was the owner of the Domain Name. When he registered the
Domain Name, Wellness and TWG Tea were effectively his companies. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”), dated 14 January 2019, paras 14, 20,
and 70.

Manoj pleaded that he gave TWG Tea shares to Taha, Maranda, Rith and Philippe
(see [5] above) for nominal consideration, to give them a “sense of ownership”
and to “motivate” them. As for the Declaration Letter, it was null and void as
the proposed acquisition of shares by Vision Straight was never concluded.
Further, from August 2007 to August 2017, Manoj paid for all the registration
and renewal fees of the Domain Name. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), paras 15, 17, 18 and 24.

19 Moreover, TWG Tea’s action was time-barred by virtue of ss 6(7) and 22(2)
of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed). Alternatively, it had failed to
bring the action within a reasonable time, and had acquiesced in the matter
complained of, such that Manoj had acted to his prejudice. As such, TWG Tea
was estopped and/or barred by the doctrine of laches from bringing the present
action. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 50.

20 Manoj counterclaimed that TWG Tea had used the Domain Name for its business
and had been unjustly enriched. He also alleged that the counterclaim
defendants had on various occasions published, caused to be published, or made
false statements concerning his role as the founder of TWG Tea. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 53–57, 58 and 60.

These statements will be canvassed later. In essence, Manoj claimed that he
was “the” founder of TWG Tea and “solely responsible” for conceptualising its
business since its beginning as Wellness’ Tea Division and that Taha and
Maranda were merely his employees. The counterclaim defendants’ statements
were therefore contrary to Manoj’s role as the founder of TWG Tea.

Preliminary findings

21 I first set out some preliminary findings in order to appreciate the
background to TWG Tea’s existence and how Manoj and Taha came to work
together, before determining whether Manoj, Taha and Maranda were “founders”
or “co-founders” of TWG Tea, and whether there was a trust regarding the
Domain Name.

22 Wellness had a tea division since 2003 or 2004. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

15/11/18 NE 18, 23–24.

Taha first met Manoj around November 2003 or 2004, and it was undisputed that
they kept in touch to discuss Wellness’ tea venture in Singapore. Taha
accepted that at that time, Wellness’ Tea Division had tea businesses it was
already developing, such as “Art of Tea” and “Numi”, but he claimed that they
were not “luxury” teas, the latter being a market that TWG Tea targeted. Taha
was then employed at Mariage Frères and eventually left in April 2007. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

15/11/18 NE 34–35; 74–77.

23 In early 2006, Manoj discussed with Taha about heading the expansion of
Wellness’ tea business in the Middle East. The evidence supports Taha’s
assertion that it was to be a partnership between Taha and Manoj and/or
Wellness to incorporate the Tea and Spice Company (“T&S Co”). A handwritten
note by Manoj in around March 2006 and his email to Taha and Maranda showed
that they would build T&S Co “together”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

15/11/18 NE 44; Taha’s AEIC, para 52; 1DB 144–147, 478.

In April 2006, Taha and Maranda signed a “Partner Employment Agreement” with
Wellness. They would receive a 15% equity in T&S Co, which would be
incorporated, with an option to purchase more equity subsequently. Manoj’s
email of 30 November 2006 showed that Taha and Maranda would join Wellness
“and begin a subsidiary” of which 15% would be owned by them. However, the
Partner Employment Agreement was never carried into effect.- 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

15/11/18 NE 46, 52 and 55; 1DB 181, 208–209.

24 Subsequently in February 2007, Manoj offered Taha and Maranda employment
with Wellness and informed them that they would be given a percentage of the
business and would make their own decisions as “owner in the business” – it is
not disputed that Taha and Maranda obtained shares in TWG Tea in June 2008. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1DB 214–234; 15/11/18 NE 72–73.

Taha and Maranda joined Wellness in June/July 2007, as Managing Director and
Director of the Tea Division respectively, and working with Manoj to build the
TWG brands and businesses. Taha also reported to Manoj who was then the
Chairman and CEO of Wellness. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

15/11/18 NE 112–114, 116.

25 With the above background in mind, I turn to the issues in the parties’
respective claims.

Whether Taha and Maranda were also founders of TWG Tea

26 Taha agreed that Manoj was a founder of TWG Tea, but claimed that he and
Maranda were also founders. The issue of whether Manoj was the sole founder of
TWG Tea is relevant to his counterclaim, and which I will deal with first as
it will also provide relevant context to the issue of the Domain Name. I find
that, together with Manoj, Taha and Maranda were founders of TWG Tea.

27 First, Manoj’s assertions that Wellness had been conceptualising and
developing a luxury tea brand prior to August 2007 were irrelevant. Equally,
Taha’s assertions that Wellness had no tea division to speak of, or whether it
had previously invested in “luxury” teas, were unhelpful. In any event, even
some of TWG Tea’s teas were launched in August 2007 before TWG Tea’s
incorporation. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

15/11/18 NE 174–175.

The true question was whether TWG Tea in this incarnation and when
incorporated was a combined effort by Manoj, Taha and Maranda. I find that TWG
Tea’s founding was a team effort that could not be solely attributed to Manoj,
Taha, or Maranda.

28 I accept that Wellness’ forays into the tea business via Art of Tea and
Numi were not minor ventures. But this did not show the degree of contribution
that went into bringing about the existence of TWG Tea. To the contrary, Manoj
pleaded that he was specifically looking to “infuse a French flavour to
Wellness’ Tea Division”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 5.

That Manoj was serious about recruiting Taha despite Wellness’ existing tea
business, and despite the first attempt in 2006 (via the Partner Employment
Agreement) having fell through, showed that Taha was essential to the
enterprise.

29 Second, the background that I have provided above (at [22]–[24]) showed
that whilst Taha and Maranda were employed by Wellness, the intent was that
they would work with Manoj to build up the tea business through a new entity
(at that time to be called T&S Co) and in which they would obtain a
shareholding. Although T&S Co did not materialise, in about February 2007,
Manoj again discussed with Taha and Maranda for them to join Wellness.
Pertinently, Manoj informed them (in his email of 21 February 2007) that “as
before” they would be given a percentage of the business and that they would
be making their own decisions as “owner in the business”. This business was
what Ms Koh (Manoj’s counsel) herself referred to as TWG Tea in which Taha and
Maranda received shares in 2008. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

1DB 216; 15/11/18 NE 73, 80–81.

Hence Wellness’ tea business was intended to be developed as a partnership
among Manoj and Taha (and Maranda), even during the time they discussed
setting up T&S Co. Thus, when Taha and Maranda joined Wellness, they were
assisting Manoj/Wellness to build up the Tea Division which, Ms Koh agreed,
was spun-off as TWG Tea. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1DB 231 (at Clause 3(a)) and 308; 15/11/18 NE 113–114, 127–129; 16/11/18 NE
137, 139; 22/11/18 NE 56–57, 165.

30 Indeed, when Taha and Maranda joined Wellness, their terms of employment
dated 26 February 2007 stated that they would receive 15% (in total) of
Wellness’ Tea Division. I replicate Clause 4(b):

4) Salary, Bonus, Profit Sharing Scheme & Expenses

…

b) You will receive 15% shareholding of the Tea Division of [Wellness] … At
the point in which the division is a company, equity shall be issued as per
latter shareholding. If 3rd party investment is accepted to the newly formed
company, the ratio of shareholding between yourselves and [Wellness] shall
hold …

[Emphasis added.]

Rith (who joined in November 2007) was also to be given 5% of the shareholding
of “the Tea Division of [Wellness]”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Clause 4(b) of the employment contracts at 1DB 232 and 2DB 543.

31 As at February 2007, Wellness’ Tea Division was not a separate entity, and
it is obvious from Clause 4(b) that Taha and Maranda were to eventually
receive a share in a separate entity that was to be spun off from Wellness’
Tea Division. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

16/11/18 NE 61–62.

Hence the references to the shares to be given to Taha and Maranda in the
“newly formed company”. As it transpired, Taha and Maranda (and Rith) never
received shares in Wellness, but obtained shares of roughly the same amount in
TWG Tea, which Ms Koh herself related back to their respective employment
contracts with Wellness. Even if Taha and Maranda only received TWG Tea shares
in June 2008, Clause 4(b) made plain that it was envisaged all along prior to
the forming of the new entity for Wellness’ Tea Division (ie, TWG Tea) that
Taha and Maranda would own a stake in the new entity.

32 I also reject Manoj’s assertion that the shares were given to “motivate”
Taha and Maranda. Plainly they were given to adhere to the terms of
employment. That a second allotment of shares on August 2008 was given was,
according to Manoj’s pleadings, because “Taha requested…to allot additional
shares to him, Maranda, Rith and Philippe so that their interest in [TWG Tea]
would not be diluted.” The terms of Clause 4(b) supported Taha’s evidence that
there was an intention to hold their shareholdings in proportion. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 16; 16/11/18 NE 6.

All these also supported the tenor of the prior negotiations that the shares
were not merely for the purposes of remuneration, but a stake in a business
that they would help to found. I also accept Taha’s evidence that he and Manoj
verbally agreed to rename Sunbreeze as TWG Tea and that Taha and Maranda would
become shareholders of TWG Tea. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

15/11/18 NE 129–130.

Manoj gave no evidence to the contrary.

33 Third, various articles published contemporaneously supported Taha and
Maranda’s claim that they were also founders of TWG Tea. In The Edge Singapore
publication of September 2008, Taha was stated as having “[set up] TWG Tea in
Singapore”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

2DB 905–908.

There is nothing to show that Manoj, who was then a director of TWG Tea and
indirectly its majority shareholder, ever objected. This was even before Manoj
had, as he claimed, unilaterally conferred the title of “co-founder” on Taha
in early 2009. In The Peak issue of April 2009 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Taha’s AEIC, pp 525–526; 2DB 978–987.

in which only Manoj was interviewed, Taha was described as “[Manoj’s] business
partner” and Manoj was described as “co-founder” of TWG Tea. Then, in a Forbes
article of 12 April 2009, Manoj stated that there was “no coincidence that
Taha and [he were] together – doing TWG Tea and creating a revolution”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Taha’s AEIC, pp 531–532, 529–534.

Likewise in an article in December 2009 for Forbes Asia, Manoj and Taha were
photographed together with a caption describing them as “TWG’s founders”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

3DB 1284.

Then, in an article in August Man 2010 where both Manoj and Taha were
interviewed regarding TWG Tea, Taha mentioned that “he and his partner” were
taking the haute couture tea brand global. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Taha’s AEIC, pp 535–537.

Indeed, in a draft press release for the launch of TWG Tea’s flagship store at
ION Orchard, Manoj had approved the text to include phrases such as “founding
partners [Manoj] and Taha” and “founding team consisting of Maranda … Rith …
and Philippe”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

3DB 1183–1184,

34 Fourth, Maranda had on various occasions signed off her emails to Manoj as
“co-founder” even when Manoj was its Chairman and CEO, and had represented
herself to third parties as such (with Manoj copied on these emails). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Maranda’s AEIC, para 45 and Exhibit MBBQ-9; 22/11/18 NE 148–149, 152–153.

There is no evidence that Manoj had objected to Maranda’s use of the title.

35 Finally, by Manoj’s own case, he had conferred the title of “co-founder” on
Taha in early 2009. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

16/11/18 NE 180; Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 58.

Hence, from early 2009, Manoj had recognised Taha as a co-founder, at least in
form, even if he asserts that Taha was not a co-founder in fact when TWG Tea
was incorporated. Either way, Manoj cannot claim that Taha should not be
described as a founder or co-founder in the publications which are the subject
of Manoj’s counterclaim, and all of which occurred after Taha was conferred
the “co-founder” title. The more relevant question is whether there was
malicious falsehood in excluding Manoj as a co-founder in the publications or
implying that he was not one at all. I will revert to this when I deal with
Manoj’s counterclaim.

36 I turn then to deal with some matters which may suggest that Taha and
Maranda were not co-founders of TWG Tea.

37 First, on 24 August 2008, Maranda sent Manoj a draft public relations
article on TWG Tea, wherein she described Manoj, Taha and herself as co-
founders. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

2DB 879–885.

Manoj informed her to remove this title for all of them, so as to make Rith
and Philippe “feel included”. Manoj did not object to Taha and Maranda being
described as co-founders, but merely gave some other reason for excluding the
title from all three of them. Hence, that the title co-founder was removed in
that article at Manoj’s request was at best neutral. Likewise, that in June
2009 Manoj asked Maranda to remove the description of “co-founder” from the
titles of Manoj and Taha appearing in a captioned photograph for a TWG Tea
press release was again at best neutral. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

3DB 1094–1099.

Manoj did not give any reasons for so doing, and in any event this description
was also removed from Manoj’s name. This did not therefore mean that Manoj was
also not a founder.

38 Next, undoubtedly, Taha sought to downplay Manoj’s role in TWG Tea by
stating that he merely provided business contacts and investment money. This
was untrue. Manoj introduced Taha to local partners, suppliers and potential
customers. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

15/11/18 NE 154–158; 16/11/18 NE 82, 86; 1DB 427–428.

Taha agreed that Manoj was involved in the conceptualisation of TWG Tea’s logo
and in naming the various teas for TWG Tea, he “did a lot” to create TWG Tea
and he was not just an investor. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

16/11/18 NE 21–22, 26–27, 52, 83, 87, 114–116, 196; 1DB 429–436, 460, 466,
476.

But all these merely showed that Manoj was a founder of TWG Tea, not that he
was the sole founder.

39 Finally, that TWG Tea’s employees had referred to Manoj as “boss” or terms
to that effect did not in itself mean that Taha and Maranda were not also
founders of TWG Tea. Manoj was after all its Chairman and CEO. That a person
may be holding a key appointment in an entity did not therefore mean that he
or she was also a founder of the entity, and vice versa, although the two may
overlap. Manoj himself did not use the term “Founder” in his email
correspondence, but consistently signed off as “Chairman” or “CEO”.

40 In conclusion, I find that Taha and Maranda were also founders of TWG Tea.
This is even if their employment at Wellness was only transferred to TWG Tea
some six months after TWG Tea was incorporated. Taha and Maranda were already
actively involved in conceptualising and creating blended teas whilst working
for Wellness, and TWG Tea’s teas were being sold in the market before it was
incorporated and at the time Taha and Maranda were working for Wellness. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

16/11/18 NE 21–22, 26–27, 89; 1DB 429–436, 460, 466, 476.

Having found that Manoj, Taha and Maranda were founders of TWG Tea, it did not
matter for the purposes of Manoj’s counterclaim whether Rith or Philippe were
also founders.

Was an express trust created in relation to the Domain Name?

41 The creation of an express trust requires the certainty of intention,
subject matter and object. There must be proof that a trust was intended by
the settlor and it can be created by an informal declaration or inferred from
the acts of the settlor or the circumstances of the case. The trust must also
define with sufficient certainty the trust assets and the kind of interest
that the beneficiaries are to take in them. Finally, the beneficiaries must be
identifiable. See Guy Neale and others v Nine Squares Pty Ltd [2015] 1 SLR
1097 at [51]–[53], [59] and [60]. I find that the three certainties for the
creation of an express trust were present in this case.

42 I accept Taha’s evidence of what transpired at the 3 August 2007 meeting,
regarding the setting up of a separate entity for the tea business and to name
it “TWG Tea”. Even Manoj’s pleaded case was that he had decided to operate
Wellness’ divisions as separate entities and he thus renamed Sunbreeze to TWG
Tea for the tea business. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), paras 11–12.

Having decided on its name, Manoj, Taha and Maranda agreed that any trade
marks, domain name or goodwill associated with the name “TWG Tea”, would be
owned by TWG Tea. Taha stated that Manoj then left the meeting for a while and
subsequently returned and informed Taha that he had registered the Domain
Name. In court, Maranda confirmed Taha’s account of the event. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

22/11/18 NE 14.

I accept that Taha and Maranda did not know that Manoj had registered the
Domain Name in his personal capacity and they only found out subsequently. I
also accept Taha’s evidence that in the course of their conversation about
www.tahatea.com in April 2008 and during the negotiations with Vision Straight
in 2010, Manoj assured Taha that he was holding the Domain Name on trust for
TWG Tea. Taha’s and Maranda’s evidence were not contradicted by Manoj or by
any independent evidence.

43 The evidence showed that Manoj had regarded the Domain Name would and did
belong to TWG Tea, consistent with the parties’ intention and agreement to
treat it as such, and even after TWG Tea was formally incorporated. First,
Manoj’s email on 10 July 2009 to TWG Tea’s finance and operations managers 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

19/11/18 NE 85.

, copying Maranda, stating that he had “renewed our domain www.twgtea.com for
3 years” is significant [emphasis added]. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Taha’s AEIC, pp 283–286.

There was little reason for TWG Tea’s staff to be checking and dealing with
this unless the prior understanding was that the Domain Name belonged to TWG
Tea. It was also quite plain that Manoj referred to it as “our” Domain Name
and not “his” Domain Name. Given the context of the email, “our” would have
meant TWG Tea, since there would have been no reason to account to TWG Tea’s
staff and update them on whether Manoj had renewed his Domain Name.

44 Manoj also registered www.tahatea.com in April 2008 and informed Taha and
Maranda that it was “registered for us as it was still open” [emphasis added].
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Taha’s AEIC, p 288.

In my view, this showed that Manoj was in the habit of registering domain
names which he perceived to benefit TWG Tea. No doubt the emails concerning
the renewal of the Domain Name and the registration of www.tahatea.com
occurred after the alleged agreement in August 2007, but I find it cogent
evidence to support that the parties treated the Domain Name as belonging to
TWG Tea all along even if registered in Manoj’s name.

45 Second, the Declaration Letter of 25 February 2010 signed by Manoj was
probative. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Taha’s AEIC, p 298.

It stated:

Domain Name TWGTEA.com Declaration Letter

I hereby declare the domain name TWGTEA.com is currently registered under my
name...

However the domain name shall always remain the property of TWG Tea Company
Pte Ltd and at the next available date of renewal, I will transfer the
registration and ownership of the domain name TWGTEA.com to TWG Tea Company
Pte Ltd.

[Emphasis added.]

46 I accept Taha’s evidence that Vision Straight’s representative (Ghassan)
had asked about the Domain Name in Taha’s and Manoj’s presence and Manoj had
confirmed and assured Ghassan that it was owned by TWG Tea and that he was
merely holding it on trust for TWG Tea. Manoj then procured the preparation of
the Declaration Letter and signed it. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Taha’s AEIC, paras 14–15.

I find that Manoj would not have signed the Declaration Letter to state that
the Domain Name will always remain the property of TWG Tea, even for the
purposes of Vision Straight acquiring shares in the company, if it were not
the case. Manoj did not assert that the statement he made was at that time
untrue. In his Defence, Manoj merely claimed that the Declaration Letter was
null and void because the negotiations fell through. While the document might
have no legal effect vis-à-vis Vision Straight and as the share acquisition
deal had failed, the Declaration Letter was evidence that Manoj had declared
the Domain Name to be held on trust for TWG Tea and had all along regarded it
as TWG Tea’s property. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff and Defendant-in-Counterclaim’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”), dated
14 January 2019, para 42.

47 At this juncture, I deal with two issues regarding the Declaration Letter.
I accept Taha’s explanation that he did not ask Manoj to transfer the Domain
Name to TWG Tea when he signed the Declaration Letter because Manoj was at
that time the CEO, the Chairman and a director of TWG Tea. Further, he trusted
Manoj that with the Declaration Letter he would eventually transfer the Domain
Name to TWG Tea. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

19/11/18 NE 96–97.

Next, Ms Koh raised the issue that when a draft Sale and Purchase (“S&P”)
Agreement dated June 2012 was prepared for the purposes of OSIM acquiring
shares in TWG Tea, a term therein was that Manoj would transfer all his rights
and title of the Domain Name to TWG Tea. This term would have been unnecessary
if the Declaration Letter remained effective. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

21/11/18 NE 21–24.

However, the Declaration Letter served a different purpose and vis-à-vis
Vision Straight. The term in the S&P Agreement was to impose an obligation on
TWG Tea vis-à-vis OSIM, ie, that an actual transfer of the Domain Name to TWG
Tea had to be effected in order for the sale and purchase of the shares by
OSIM to be concluded or completed.

48 Third, I accept Taha’s evidence that TWG Tea had invested significant time
and resources into building the website at the Domain Name, anchoring all of
TWG Tea’s day-to-day email activity, online presence, services and application
and an online store. This was even during Manoj’s tenure as TWG Tea’s Chairman
and CEO. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Taha’s AEIC, paras 19, 22–23, and 44.

TWG Tea had used the website only for its purposes and there was no evidence
that it was used for Manoj’s personal purpose. If the Domain Name belonged to
Manoj throughout, it is puzzling that he had never claimed against TWG Tea for
using it, not even when he resigned from all his positions in TWG Tea in 2012.
This further supported Taha’s claim that Manoj had agreed to the Domain Name
and treated it as belonging to TWG Tea.

49 Fourth, although the evidence on the payment for the renewal of the Domain
Name was not conclusive, there was evidence that some of the payments were
more likely than not made using TWG Tea’s money and thus further supported
that Manoj had treated the Domain Name as belonging to TWG Tea. It is not
disputed that TWG Tea’s corporate credit card issued to Manoj was used by him
to renew the Domain Name on 28 October 2011 for the period from 3 August 2012
to 3 August 2013. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Agreed List of Issues (A), Issue 4(c); 4AB 3029–3030.

Prior to this, the Domain Name was first renewed by Manoj on 10 July 2009 for
a period of three years (from 3 August 2009 to 3 August 2012) for US$45. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Agreed List of Issues (A), Issue 4(c); 4AB 2772–2773.

Ms Koh disputed that it was paid using the corporate credit card, as the
statement showed payments to GANDI of US$114, US$120 and US$30 with
transaction dates on 8 March 2010. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

1AB 667.

Given that Manoj had emailed TWG Tea’s staff on this transaction stating that
he had renewed “our” domain name (see [43] above), it is more likely than not
that Manoj had used TWG Tea’s corporate credit card for this purpose.

50 As for the next renewal for the period from 3 August 2013 to 3 August 2015,
it is disputed as to whether Manoj had paid for them personally. No doubt,
when Manoj further renewed the Domain Name for the period from 3 August 2015
to 3 August 2017, he had already left TWG Tea and Taha accepts that TWG Tea
would thus not have paid for these renewals. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

21/11/18 NE 30–31.

However, this did not detract from my finding that an express trust had
already been created, based on the supporting evidence mentioned above.
Subsequently, Manoj attempted to make payments on 15 November 2017 (for
renewal of the Domain Name from 3 August 2017 onwards) but these were rejected
by TWG Tea. As these were subsequent to TWG Tea’s solicitor’s letters to Manoj
on the ownership of the Domain Name, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Taha’s AEIC, para 30.

I do not find these payments to be relevant.

51 In the round, what was significant was that aside from the payments to
renew the Domain Name from 3 August 2015 onwards, Manoj produced no evidence
that he had used his own monies to pay for the other renewals. To the
contrary, there was at least one occasion where he had paid for the renewal of
the Domain Name with TWG Tea’s corporate credit card (see [49] above).

52 It would seem that Manoj’s main objection to there being an express trust
created related to the fact that as of 3 August 2007, Manoj “was the owner of
Sunbreeze and [Wellness]…and TWG Tea had not yet come into existence”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DCS, para 58.

Although the specific legal import of the objection was unclear, it would seem
that certainty of object for the creation of a trust was not present. I do not
agree.

53 I find that the trust was established during the 3 August 2007 meeting,
when Manoj, Taha and Maranda agreed to set up a new entity named TWG Tea for
Wellness’ tea business and for the domain name associated with the same name
to belong to it. The agreement and intention among them was that when such a
domain name was registered, it would vest in TWG Tea when the company was
incorporated and for its sole use and purpose. Indeed, TWG Tea was
incorporated shortly after in October 2007, and based on the earlier evidence
(see [42]–[49] above) Manoj had treated the Domain Name as belonging to TWG
Tea. Taha’s evidence was that they first discussed the creation and naming of
TWG Tea before Manoj went to his office and registered the Domain Name. As
Maranda stated, they would not have registered the new entity as “TWG Tea”
without first obtaining the domain name with the same name, as they would not
name a company after an existing domain name which belonged to someone else.
61

##### Foot Note 61

×

15/11/18 NE 164–165; 22/11/18 NE 23–24, 26.

It is not disputed that a trust can be declared for a beneficiary which is a
company: see Goi Wang Firn (Ni Wanfen) and others v Chee Kow Ngee Sing (Pte)
Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 1049 at [27].

54 The beneficiary was thus certain and identifiable, ie, TWG Tea, and which
subsequently came into being. That TWG Tea was embryonic at the creation of
the trust was not, in my view, a bar to the formation of a trust. By analogy,
it has been held that a trust can be created for an unborn entity, such as for
an infant in the mother’s womb: see Blackburn v Stables (1814) 35 ER 358. A
trust for descendants, even those born subsequently, is valid even if their
names cannot be listed when the trust is created: see Graham Virgo, The
Principles of Equity & Trusts (2nd Ed, 2016) (“Virgo, The Principles of Equity
& Trusts”), at pp 102–103. In the present case, once TWG Tea was incorporated
it would take of the interest and it was completely ascertainable as the
trust’s beneficiary. The trust also did not offend the perpetuity rule. TWG
Tea was incorporated shortly after the trust was created and the interest in
the Domain Name would then vest in TWG Tea. In any event, when the Domain Name
was registered in Manoj’s name, Manoj, Taha and Maranda were in Wellness’
employ. It could thus also be said that it was intended that Wellness would be
the initial beneficiary with such interest to pass on to TWG Tea when it was
formed.

55 Even if no express trust could be or was created in August 2007, such a
trust would have been created by April 2008 when Manoj represented to Taha
that he was holding the Domain Name on trust for TWG Tea, or by July 2009 when
Manoj declared that he was renewing “our” Domain Name, or by 25 February 2010
when Manoj informed Ghassan and Taha that he was holding the Domain Name on
trust for TWG Tea and by his statement made in the Declaration Letter of the
same. By this time TWG Tea had been incorporated.

56 Ultimately, the settlor’s intention in the creation of the trust is what
matters. By his actions, Manoj had consistently and clearly intended to and
did treat the Domain Name as belonging to TWG Tea. It was clear even from the
3 August 2007 meeting that Manoj never intended to take the beneficial
interest in the Domain Name for himself, whether before, on or after TWG Tea
was incorporated.

57 Before concluding this section, I deal with two other issues raised by Ms
Koh during cross-examination of TWG Tea’s witnesses.

58 First, Ms Koh suggested that TWG Tea had never asked Manoj to transfer the
Domain Name to it until 23 August 2016 because the Domain Name never belonged
to it. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

21/11/18 NE 32–33.

I accept Taha’s explanation that the founders of TWG Tea had worked on the
basis of trust. Moreover, up until September 2012, Manoj was still the CEO,
Chairman and a director of TWG Tea, and even after he relinquished his
positions in TWG Tea, he remains a substantial shareholder through his holding
in Wellness. Further, if Manoj’s case were true and the parties had regarded
the Domain Name belonged to Manoj, I would have expected that given its
substantial online presence on the TWG Tea’s website with that Domain Name,
TWG Tea would have taken early action to shift its online presence to another
domain name of its own, the moment Manoj left in 2012. That TWG Tea did not do
so showed that it had been operating under the agreement in August 2007 and
subsequent assurances from Manoj that the Domain Name belonged to it.

59 Second, Ms Koh had suggested that TWG Tea’s pleaded case did not make
sense, in that Manoj had registered the Domain Name on 3 August 2007 after the
discussion among Taha, Maranda and Manoj to name the brand “TWG Tea” and they
then agreed to name the company TWG Tea only in October 2007. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

22/11/18 NE 22–23; Statement of claim, paras 7 and 9; DCS, paras 58–59.

TWG’s pleaded case is that the tea business and brand TWG Tea were
conceptualised in August 2007, but it was only in October 2007 that Wellness’
tea business moved to TWG Tea when the entity TWG Tea was incorporated. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Statement of claim, paras 6, 7 and 9.

I did not find the chronology of events illogical. The parties had agreed to
name the tea business and brand “TWG Tea” in August 2007, Manoj then
registered a domain name with the same name, and they incorporated the company
(with the agreed name) in October 2007.

60 In light of my finding that there is an express trust of the Domain Name,
it is unnecessary for me to determine whether a constructive trust should be
imposed.

Proprietary estoppel

61 TWG Tea also pleaded that Manoj is estopped from denying that the Domain
Name belongs to it. To successfully found an estoppel, there must be a
representation on the part of the respondent (against whom the estoppel is
sought to be raised), and reliance and detriment on the part of the claimant
seeking to raise it. The question is whether the respondent said or did
something that led the claimant to take a certain course of action in
circumstances that renders it unconscionable for the respondent to go back on
the assurance or representation: see V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate
of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another
[2015] 5 SLR 1422 at [56] citing Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v United
Overseas Bank Ltd [2007] 1 SLR(R) 292. Even if there was no trust of the
Domain Name for TWG Tea, I would have found a proprietary estoppel.

62 I had earlier found that Manoj (and Taha and Maranda) had agreed that any
domain name associated with “TWG Tea” would belong to the entity TWG Tea which
would be set up. Manoj had also made representations to TWG Tea, and even
whilst he was its Chairman, CEO or director, that the Domain Name belonged to
TWG Tea and he was holding it on trust for TWG Tea (see [43]–[46] above).

63 TWG Tea had clearly relied on these representations and expended time and
money in building up the company’s brand name under, and with the use of, this
Domain Name. TWG Tea was incorporated after Manoj had informed Taha and
Maranda that he had successfully registered the Domain Name and after, as
Maranda explained, they had first obtained the domain name bearing the same
name. TWG Tea had conducted its business using the brand name “TWG Tea” for
more than 10 years, investing considerable time and resources into building
and maintaining its website under this Domain Name, using it as its marketing
and publicity tool and anchoring its day-to-day email activity, online
presence, services and applications on it. All these were done whilst Manoj
was its Chairman, CEO and director and would have been done with his knowledge
and consent, as he would have had the final say on the contents and use of the
Domain Name and website. All throughout, Manoj did not demand that TWG Tea
cease and desist from using the Domain Name and assert that it belonged to
him. It is clear that TWG Tea had relied on Manoj’s representations to its
detriment and it would be unconscionable to allow Manoj to now resile from his
representations and enforce his rights to the Domain Name.

Whether TWG Tea’s claim is time barred

64 Manoj pleaded that TWG Tea’s claim is time barred and relied on ss 6(7) and
22(2) of the Limitation Act. As Taha had express knowledge since April 2008
that Manoj had registered the Domain Name in his own name, the action had
commenced well over six years since the right of action accrued. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DCS, paras 96–97.

65 I find no merit in this defence. I found Manoj to be a trustee of the
Domain Name for TWG Tea. Section 22(2) of the Limitation Act was subject to s
22(1). Given that Manoj retains the legal ownership of the Domain Name, the
exception under s 22(1)(b) applies, such that no period of limitation to the
claim to recover the trust property from Manoj would apply.

Laches

66 Manoj further pleaded that TWG Tea had failed to bring this action within a
reasonable time despite having knowledge of the matters claimed and acquiesced
in the matter complained off. TWG Tea had caused Manoj to believe, and Manoj
did in fact believe, that it did not intend to claim against him, such that he
had acted to his prejudice. As such TWG Tea was estopped or barred by laches.

67 The doctrine of laches was summarised in Cytec Industries Pte Ltd v APP
Chemicals International (Mau) Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 769 at [46] (cited with
approval by the Court of Appeal, eg, in Chng Weng Wah v Goh Bak Heng [2016] 2
SLR 464 at [44]), as follows:

Laches is a doctrine of equity. It is properly invoked where essentially there
has been a substantial lapse of time coupled with circumstances where it would
be practically unjust to give a remedy either because the party has by his
conduct done that which might fairly be regarded as equivalent to a waiver
thereof; or, where by his conduct and neglect he had, though perhaps not
waiving that remedy, yet put the other party in a situation in which it would
not be reasonable to place him, if the remedy were afterwards to be asserted …
This is a broad-based inquiry and it would be relevant to consider the length
of delay before the claim was brought, the nature of the prejudice said to be
suffered by the defendant, as well as any element of unconscionability in
allowing the claim to be enforced …

68 Manoj has not been able to show me why laches should apply. There is no
basis for Manoj to claim that TWG Tea had caused him to believe that it did
not intend to make a claim against him. On the contrary, Manoj had maintained
and assured TWG Tea and Taha that the Domain Name belonged to it and that he
would transfer the Domain Name to it on its demand. As Taha explained, he had
no reason to doubt Manoj at the material time as they had a good working
relationship; Manoj was also up until September 2012 TWG Tea’s Chairman, CEO
and director, and would have been obliged to act in its best interests. Even
when Manoj left TWG Tea, Taha had no reason to believe that he would injure
TWG Tea as Manoj continued to have a stake (as shareholder through Wellness)
in the business. Further, when TWG Tea first sent its demand letter in August
2016 (see [17] above) and Manoj refused to transfer the Domain Name, TWG Tea
had commenced this suit shortly after in 2017. Pertinently, Manoj failed to
show what prejudice he has suffered such that it would be unconscionable for
TWG Tea to now maintain its claim. To the contrary, as he has a stake in TWG
Tea, Manoj would have benefitted from TWG Tea’s continuing use of the Domain
Name. I did not find any undue delay on TWG Tea’s part, or an undue delay
without any proper justification, in taking earlier steps to assert its claim
on the Domain Name.

Conclusion on TWG Tea’s claim

69 In conclusion, I find that Manoj was holding the Domain Name on trust for
TWG Tea, alternatively Manoj is estopped from denying that the Domain Name
belonged to it. I also find that Manoj could not avail of the defences of
limitation and laches. Consequently, Manoj’s counterclaim against TWG Tea for
unjust enrichment must fail.

Manoj’s submission of no case to answer

70 As I had found TWG Tea’s case had succeeded on the facts (and on a balance
of probabilities), it is thus amply clear that there was at minimum a prima
facie case to answer. Manoj’s submission of no case to answer cannot succeed.

71 Mr Yeo (counterclaim defendants’ counsel) argued that as I had dismissed Ms
Koh’s submission of no case to answer, and had found a prima facie case, I
should therefore enter judgment for TWG Tea without any further consideration
of Manoj’s closing submissions. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PCS, paras 27–28.

However, while TWG Tea succeeded in proving its claim on the balance of
probabilities, and this necessarily meant that it succeeded in proving a prima
facie case, the converse is not true. The mere fact that a defendant’s no case
to answer submission is dismissed does not lead to the automatic result that
judgment is entered for the claimant. In order to overcome the submission of
no case to answer, all that the claimant needs to show is that there is a
prima facie case. The court is still entitled to look at the totality of
circumstances, the pleadings and the evidence to determine whether the
claimant has truly succeeded on the claim on a balance of probabilities.

72 Hence, a no case to answer submission may be dismissed and yet the claimant
may not succeed in the claim. As the court held in Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin
Jian Wei and another [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1004 (“Peter Lim”) where the plaintiff
sued the defendants for alleged defamatory comments, and in which the court
found the defendants had shown a defence of qualified privilege, a “position
of “no case to answer” does not diminish the usual burden remaining on the
plaintiff to establish there was malice on a balance of probability on the
totality of the evidence” (at [210]).

73 Next, I deal with the effect of the no case to answer submission on Manoj’s
counterclaim. Mr Yeo accepted that Manoj was entitled to rely on evidence
adduced by TWG Tea 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PCS, para 32.

– see also Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and another and another appeal
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 452 at [135]. In Peter Lim, the court considered “all the
admissible evidence…including the evidence that counsel from the defendants
elicited from the plaintiff in the course of cross-examination” (at [210]). It
should also be noted that the authenticity of the documentary evidence put
forth to Taha and Maranda in cross-examination was not disputed or challenged
by them. As such, Manoj is entitled to rely on TWG Tea’s evidence and the
evidence put forth in court. I now turn to Manoj’s counterclaims.

Counterclaim of malicious falsehood

74 Manoj’s counterclaim on malicious falsehood focused on seven statements
made by the counterclaim defendants (“the Statements”), and alleged that they
were false insofar as they concerned his role as TWG Tea’s founder.

75 The first is a webpage on TWG Tea’s website (“the Website”),
www.twgtea.com/the-twg-tea-story, titled “The Story of TWG Tea” which included
the following relevant excerpts (“the Website Statement”): 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

6DB 2744.

THE STORY OF TWG TEA

…TWG Tea, which stands for The Wellbeing Group, was co-founded by Taha
Bouqdib, Maranda Barnes and Rith Aum-Stievenard in 2008 as a luxury concept
that incorporates unique and original retail outlets, exquisite tea rooms and
an international distribution network to professionals…

[Emphasis added.]

The Website had this material since June 2015 and the Website Statement was
the first time TWG Tea had mentioned on its website who its founders were. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

21/11/18 NE 65; 22/11/18 NE 86–88; 22/11/18 NE 87.

76 Manoj pleaded that the Website was “intended to provide complete
information” about TWG Tea and “exhaustively set out the founder(s) of TWG
Tea.” In its natural and ordinary meaning, the Website would be read to mean
that the only founders were Taha, Maranda and Rith, and Manoj was not involved
in founding TWG Tea’s business. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), paras 62–63.

77 Next, Manoj pointed to five other statements which he asserted were false
and published maliciously:

(a) In an interview with Maranda on or about 22 March 2017, Montecristo
Magazine had published an article titled “TWG Tea Salon & Boutique Vancouver:
True love’s sip” on its website. The article states, “ … Founded in 2008 in
Singapore by Barnes and her husband Taha Bouqdib, TWG is known across the
globe, especially in Asia…” (“the Montecristo article”). 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

6DB 2896; Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 64(a).

(b) In an interview with Taha and Maranda on or about 8 December 2016,
Nomss.com (“Nomss”) published an article titled “TWG Tea Canada Vancouver Tea
Salon and Boutique” on its website. In particular, the article stated, “… We
started the evening mingling over tea infused cocktails with TWG Tea founders
from Singapore – Taha Bouqdib … and Maranda Barnes …” (“the Nomss article”).
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

6DB 2731 and 2733; Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 64(b).

(c) Following an interview between Maranda and Niche magazine on or about 31
August 2015, Niche magazine published an article title “Urban Elegance: TWG
Tea Brings It Back In Style” on its website. The caption to a photo of Taha
and Maranda, which stated “TWG Tea founders Maranda Barnes and Taha Bouqdib”
did not contain any mention of Manoj (“the Niche article”). 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

6DB 2751–2752; Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 64(c).

(d) In an interview with Taha and Maranda on or about 7 June 2018, Forbes
published an article titled, “The World’s Finest Luxury Tea Has Just Landed In
London” on its website. The article stated that TWG Tea was founded by “the
co-foundering (sic) couple: Taha Bouqdib … and Maranda Barnes” without any
mention of Manoj (“the Forbes article”). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

7DB 3395–3406; Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 65A(a).

(e) Following an interview with Taha and Maranda on 25 June 2018, Vogue
published an article titled “The Luxury Teahouse Revolutionising Our Tea-
Drinking Habits” on its website. The article stated that TWG Tea was “co-
founded in 2008 by Taha Bouqdib Maranda Barnes and partners” (“the Vogue
article”). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

7DB 3412–3425; Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 65A(b).

78 Finally, Manoj took issue with the fact that at an event on 12 March 2017,
Maranda had made statements to the effect that Taha and she had founded and
developed TWG Tea and that there was another partner who merely acted as an
investor (“the CRIB summit”). 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

10DB 4210–4221; Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 64(d).

Counterclaim defendants’ submission of abuse of process

79 Before I deal with the substantive aspects of Manoj’s counterclaim, I first
consider Mr Yeo’s submission that the counterclaim should be dismissed for
abuse of process. Mr Yeo submitted that the issues raised by Manoj in this
suit, such as the Website Statement and his exclusion as a co-founder had been
pleaded in Suit 187 of 2014 (“Suit 187”).

80 Suit 187 was commenced in February 2014 by Wellness against, inter alia,
OSIM and Taha for oppression, breach of contract, and conspiracy to injure;
and by Manoj against OSIM, Taha and one Ron Sim for conspiracy to injure: see
The Wellness Group Pte Ltd and another v OSIM International Ltd and others and
another suit [2016] 3 SLR 729 (“OSIM International”). OSIM and Taha also
counterclaimed against the plaintiffs for defamation. In Suit 545 of 2014
(“Suit 545”) commenced in May 2014, Wellness and Manoj brought a defamation
claim against OSIM and its directors. Both suits were heard together and the
claims and counterclaim were dismissed by the High Court. Wellness’ and
Manoj’s appeal against the decision in Suit 187 was dismissed.

81 Mr Yeo claimed that the following matters contained in Manoj’s counterclaim
had been raised by him and Wellness in Suit 187: (a) TWG Tea was founded by
Manoj only; (b) Manoj had allowed Taha to use the title “President and Co-
Founder” from around 2009; and (c) Taha had publicly profiled himself as the
sole founder of TWG Tea. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PCS, para 234; 2AB 931, 982 and 984.

Mr Yeo submitted that, in relation to these issues, the court in Suit 187 had
“found, as a matter of fact” that Wellness had “failed to prove all of its
allegations”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PCS, para 236.

82 Mr Yeo relied on Schellenberg v British Broadcasting Corporation [2000]
EMLR 296 (“Schellenberg”). The defendant broadcasting corporation (“BBC”) had
applied to strike out Mr Schellenberg’s libel proceedings on the grounds that
it was an abuse of process or it was frivolous and vexatious and had no real
prospect of success. Mr Schellenberg had previously brought a libel action
against the publishers of The Guardian concerning his stewardship of an island
(“the Guardian action”) but had settled that action. In Schellenberg, he
brought libel proceedings against the BBC on a specific defamatory allegation
made by a BBC journalist that Mr Schellenberg’s use of his powers to evict a
family from the island portrayed him as being tyrannical. The claim in
Schellenberg was struck off, although there had been no determination of the
Guardian action, and despite that these were two different publications and
the BBC publication took place after the Guardian action. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PCS, at paras 232, and 240–241.

83 To determine whether there has been an abuse of process, the court looks at
all of the circumstances, including whether the later proceedings are in
substance nothing more than a collateral attack upon the previous decision,
whether there is fresh evidence that might warrant re-litigation, whether
there are bona fide reasons why an issue that ought to have been raised in the
earlier action was not, and whether there are some other special circumstances
that might justify allowing the case to proceed. The absence or existence of
these factors is not decisive and the court remains guided by the balance to
be found in the tension between the demands of ensuring that a litigant who
has a genuine claim is allowed to press his case in court, and recognising
that there is a point beyond which repeated litigation would be unduly
oppressive. (See Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453
(“Goh Nellie”) at [53] and Lim Geok Lin Andy v Yap Jin Meng Bryan and another
appeal [2017] 2 SLR 760 (“Andy Lim”) at [38] and [42]).

84 I did not find Manoj’s counterclaim on malicious falsehood to be an abuse
of process, and it would be unjust to preclude Manoj from bringing his
counterclaim. Manoj’s claim in Suit 187 was for conspiracy to injure,
essentially that OSIM, Taha and Ron Sim had sought to remove him as CEO of TWG
Tea. Manoj’s counterclaim in the present suit is for malicious falsehood as to
whether his role as founder has been misrepresented. In any event, Maranda was
not even a party to Suit 187. For completeness, I should also state that
Manoj’s claim in Suit 545 for defamation was against parties completely
different from the present suit, and on a different matter.

85 Moreover, the Statements were published well after Suit 187 was commenced
in February 2014. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

2AB 1011.

They could not have constituted part of the earlier Suit 187, and any attempt
to bring the claim on publications which did not then exist would have been
premature. Mr Yeo’s reliance on Schellenberg is thus misplaced. Although the
BBC publications took place after the Guardian action, the allegations in the
BBC action could be said to be a subset of the Guardian publications. As the
court there observed (at 319) that “[t]hose meanings are, as will be apparent
from a comparison, very close to the one complained of in this action”. This
was plainly not the case in the present suit. Hence I fail to see how the
counterclaim defendants were being vexed twice over in respect of the same
issues.

86 Finally, Mr Yeo has mis-cited the findings in OSIM International, where the
court dismissed Wellness’ allegations at [178]. The claims brought in that
suit were different and the court’s dismissal of the claims there would not
preclude Manoj from bringing his present counterclaim. Pertinently, the court
in OSIM International had not made findings on the allegations stated in
Manoj’s claims in Suit 187 in the way that Mr Yeo had alleged (at [81] above).
There was nothing in the court’s findings in OSIM International concerning the
allegations raised by Manoj that purportedly touched on the current
proceedings. Manoj’s counterclaim on malicious falsehood cannot be said to be
a collateral attack against a previous decision, when no previous decision on
this issue had been made.

Elements of the tort of malicious falsehood

87 For a tort of malicious falsehood to succeed, the defendant must have
published to third parties words which are false; the words must refer to the
claimant, his property or his business; they must have been published
maliciously; and special damage must have followed as a direct and natural
result of the publication (see Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management
Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301 [2018] 2 SLR 866 (“Lee Tat Development”)
at [169]).

88 I deal first with aspects of the elements that the words published must be
false and published maliciously, and make some preliminary findings which will
provide context to my analysis of Manoj’s counterclaim.

The words published must be false

89 First, the words must be false, and they must be objectively false as
compared to some externally verifiable fact. As I had earlier found, Manoj was
not the sole founder of TWG Tea, but was a founder with Taha and Maranda. Taha
admitted that if he said that only he and Maranda were the founding partners
of TWG Tea, this would be untrue as Manoj was also a founder. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

16/11/18 NE 239.

Manoj’s counterclaim should be viewed against this.

90 Next, the defendant must have published to third parties the false
statement. Mr Yeo submitted that aside from the statements made at the CRIB
summit, the other statements appeared on the internet. Based on Koh Sin Chong
Freddie v Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR
629 (“Freddie Koh”) at [43], there was no presumption of publication merely
because the statements were placed online. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PCS, para 119 (footnote 173).

However, the Court of Appeal stated (at [43]) that there was no presumption in
law that substantial publication has taken place where the defamatory
statements are placed on a generally accessible Internet website. That case
concerned proving the extent of publication for the purpose of awarding
damages in a defamation action.

91 I accept that the mere fact that a webpage is accessible does not by itself
constitute publication. That said, the extent of publication can be proved
either by direct proof or by establishing a “platform of facts” from which the
court can properly infer that substantial publication has taken place (Freddie
Koh at [43]). In The Law of Defamation and the Internet (M Collins) (3rd Ed,
2010 Ed) (“The Law of Defamation and the Internet”), the learned author stated
as follows, at paras 5.04–5.09:

Proof that Internet communications have been published is therefore not
usually a difficult task…

…

The claimant bears the burden of establishing publication. That burden can be
discharged directly, by proving that at least one person, other than the
claimant, saw, read, or heard the communication. In appropriate cases it may
also be proved indirectly, by an inference that publication must have
occurred. There is, however, no presumption of law that matter appearing on
the Internet has been published. There must be a substratum of fact to support
an inference of publication. It is not sufficient for the purposes of proving
publication for a claimant simply to allege that defamatory matter was posted
on the Internet and was accessible in the jurisdiction of the court.

…

Inferences of publication may be drawn in appropriate cases in the absence of
direct evidence of any person actually having accessed the allegedly
defamatory matter. Where allegedly defamatory matter has appeared on the
generally accessible web site of a mainstream newspaper, for example, an
inference of publication will readily be drawn.

I will return to this issue when I consider the Statements proper.

92 Mr Yeo then submitted that the counterclaim defendants had not caused to be
published the Statements because (aside from the Website Statement and the
CRIB summit statement) TWG Tea, Taha, and Maranda were not the authors of the
online articles. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PCS, para 121.

I disagree and find otherwise.

93 It was Taha’s and Maranda’s evidence that TWG Tea engaged a public
relations agency (“PR agency”) who liaised with the general media, and the PR
agency would be sent information about TWG Tea by way of a press release or
fact sheet and a TWG Tea information booklet. This enabled journalists to have
all the relevant information about TWG Tea’s history and its founders. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Maranda’s AEIC, paras 30, 35–36; 19/11/18 NE 31.

Notably, the press releases supplied to the PR agencies were cleared with TWG
Tea first. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

19/11/18 NE 42–43.

Maranda was at all material times the Director of Corporate Communications and
Business Development at TWG Tea. She confirmed that all press releases were
prepared under her instructions, and she would approve all the information and
materials before they were released. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

19/11/18 NE 50; 22/11/18 NE 98, 137–138, 146.

On at least one occasion, TWG Tea had informed the PR agency on how to word
and finalise the press release. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

22/11/18 NE 101–102.

Maranda confirmed that the press could only publish based on materials
provided by TWG Tea, and where a PR agency sought to deviate from the
information provided to it, it would “definitely” have to get TWG Tea’s
permission. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

22/11/18 NE 138–139.

94 It was thus obvious that the Statements were authorised and caused to be
published by Taha and Maranda; all the more so if they were interviewed for
the various articles (mentioned at [77] above). I reject Mr Yeo’s submission
that because an information booklet containing “the unvarnished background
information” about Manoj was also provided together with the press release,
the counterclaim defendants had not caused false information to be published.
89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PCS, paras 126–127.

As Maranda candidly admitted, it was their intention for the press to publish
what was contained in the press release which she would scope. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

22/11/18 NE 96–98.

In any event, should the press decide to omit Manoj’s name (according to the
press release instead of the information booklet), no effort was made to
correct them.

Malice

95 Malice is made out if the defendant, in publishing the false statement, was
motivated by a dominant and improper intention to injure the claimant, or
where the defendant did not have an honest belief that the statement was true
or had acted with reckless disregard as to the truth of the statement: see Lee
Tat Development at [182]. There was clear evidence that prior to the
Statements, Taha and Maranda were aware that any public statements contrary to
the fact that they (including Manoj) were all founders would have been false.

96 As I had alluded to earlier (at [37]), as early as August 2008 in an email
exchange between Manoj and Maranda concerning a draft public relations
article, Maranda accepted Manoj’s comments that they should “omit” the co-
founder title for the three of them so as to make Rith and Philippe feel
included. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

22/11/18 NE 55–56; 2DB 885.

Pertinently, Manoj indicated that this point would “anyway be present in
conversation when the stories are told”. As Maranda candidly admitted, if it
were up to her to decide what to publish on the Website, she would have
“either remove[d] everything or [she] would add Manoj’s name as a co-founder”.
92

##### Foot Note 92

×

22/11/18 NE 107.

Hence Maranda knew that any statement implying that only she and Taha were the
founders of TWG Tea would be untrue and would have been made without an honest
belief in its truth, or at the very least in reckless disregard of the truth.

97 That Taha was equally aware was illustrated by an earlier episode
concerning an article published in the Bangkok Post on 9 August 2012 (“the
Bangkok Post article”). The material portion read: 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

2DB 622.

Avid tea drinkers Taha Bouqdib and Maranda Barnes don’t just make a handsome
married couple, their common passion for tea played a determining role in
their decision to set up TWG (The Wellness Group) Tea – a company they started
in Singapore five years ago…

The duo have pooled together their talents and resources to set their business
apart…

Bouqdib … and Barnes have also brought on board fellow founding partners Manoj
Murjani, Rith … and Philippe …

[Emphases added.]

98 On 14 August 2012 Manoj sent a peeved email about the article to Taha
stating that “I am not happy as there is so much untruth…Please can you
explain…as to the facts and who said this … as it implies that you founded the
company with just Maranda and yourself and then decided to bring me on?” 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

10DB 4194.

Taha’s reply on the same date and in follow up emails included the following:
95

##### Foot Note 95

×

10DB 4191 and 4193.

…Manoj, I am always doing the best for the company and we never said to the
journalist that we bring you to the company after, we always said that we
found twg tea all together … I never said that to this journalist or any
others person in this world.

…

[Y]our name was [always] present when the journalist ask, how can I hide
something giving to all the journalist the bio of all the founders.

99 Taha’s strenuous efforts to defend himself spoke to the truth of the
matter. He was well aware that Manoj had co-founded TWG Tea and that
statements to the contrary would have been false. Taha admitted that if he had
said that only he and Maranda were founding partners, that would have been
untrue. He was thus cognisant that Manoj should be given due attribution in
the context of TWG Tea’s founding.

100 However, on 25 December 2013, Taha gave an interview with AsiaOne titled
“Brewing a tea empire from love at first sight”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

4DB 1771–1772.

The article had obscured Manoj’s role in TWG Tea’s founding altogether in
favour of Taha’s role. There were phrases that implied that Taha and Maranda
were the only founders, such as “[b]efore he founded TWG Tea … [Taha] decided
to strike out on his own…the couple had packed up their lives and moved here
and began working round the clock to start up their business.” Manoj was not
mentioned at all. The only possible reference was “[w]ith $10 million in
capital from their own [Taha and Maranda’s] pockets and a group of investors…”
Taha claimed that he did not mention Manoj because he was not asked, but he
volunteered Maranda’s name nevertheless. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

19/11/18 NE 22–25.

101 Based on the foregoing, it was clear that by this time, and after Manoj
had left TWG Tea, Taha was attempting to place himself and Maranda front and
centre in the company’s founding. Taha clearly knew that any of his statements
that implied that only he and Maranda were the founders and that Manoj was not
a founder would have been false. He would not have had an honest belief in
those statements and at the very least they were made in reckless disregard of
their truth.

102 Hence, if any of the Statements were found to be false in conveying who
the founders of TWG Tea were, they would have been made with malice (ie,
without honest belief or in reckless disregard of the truth).

The natural and ordinary meaning of the Statements

103 I turn to assess the Statements, in particular whether the meanings
implied by them were false and made in reference to Manoj, his property or his
business. As Manoj pleaded, and which Mr Yeo accepted, the question is whether
the natural and ordinary meaning and in the context in which they were made,
the Statements meant or were understood to mean that the only founders of TWG
Tea were Taha, Maranda (and Rith), and that Manoj was not involved in the
founding of TWG Tea.

104 The general principles for what is the natural and ordinary meaning of the
words in the context of defamation were highlighted in Chan Cheng Wah Bernard
and others v Koh Sin Chong Freddie and another appeal [2012] 1 SLR 506 at
[18]:

(a) The natural and ordinary meaning of a word is that which is conveyed to an
ordinary reasonable person;

(b) As the test is objective, the meaning which the defendant intended to
convey is irrelevant;

(c) The ordinary reasonable reader is not avid for scandal but can read
between the lines and draw inferences;

(d) Where there are a number of possible interpretations, some of which may be
non-defamatory, such a reader will not seize on only the defamatory one;

(e) The ordinary reasonable reader is treated as having read the publication
as a whole in determining its meaning, thus “the bane and the antidote must be
taken together”; and

(f) The ordinary reasonable reader will take note of the circumstances and
manner of the publication.

105 As to the principle stated in [104(d)] above, I note that in the tort of
malicious falsehood, there is some authority in the English Court of Appeal
that suggests that a claimant can avail of more than one of the natural and
ordinary meanings: see Ajinomoto Sweeteners Europe SAS v Asda Stores Ltd
[2011] 2 WLR 91 at [35]. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

PCS, at para 98.

However, it was unnecessary to make that determination here as it was clear to
me that there were singular interpretations available.

The Website Statement

106 The Website Statement was published on TWG Tea’s website and continues to
be so published. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

16/11/18 NE 240–241.

107 First, the Website Statement was clearly false. The natural and ordinary
meaning of the statement was that Taha, Maranda, and Rith were the founders of
TWG Tea. As a matter of context to the “TWG Tea story”, it was plainly meant
to be an exhaustive statement of who the only founders were. Manoj’s exclusion
from the same could only be read to mean that he was not a founder. Taha
readily agreed that this was the case, and that the Website Statement was not
accurate even when it was first published in 2015. He also admitted that the
words in the Website Statement meant that there were only three founders,
namely Taha, Maranda and Rith, and that an ordinary person reading that
statement (without knowing the background of TWG Tea) would have assumed the
same. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

16/11/18 NE 241 and 244; 21/11/18 NE 57–59.

108 Second, there was malice on Taha’s part when he made the decision for the
Website Statement to be put up (see also [95]–[101] above). Taha stated that
he made the decision to omit Manoj’s name as a founder because the inclusion
of Manoj would hurt TWG Tea’s reputation as Manoj had brought a lawsuit
against it in February 2014. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

19/11/18 NE 21; 21/11/18 NE 58.

109 As for Maranda, she admitted to making the Website Statement and would
have known that it was false. When Manoj’s counsel wrote to her personally on
23 June 2017 to inform her of the website publication, Maranda stated that it
was made on TWG Tea’s behalf and not in her personal capacity. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

6DB 2928, 2935.

She nevertheless accepted that the Website Statement did not accurately
portray the founders of TWG Tea. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

22/11/18 NE 79–80, 84–85, 104, 132–133

Hence I also find that she had made the Website Statement without any honest
belief that it was true or at the very least had acted with reckless disregard
as to the truth of the statement (see also [95]–[96] above).

110 Further, Maranda was on the management team who had made the decision to
put up the Website Statement in 2015. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

22/11/18 NE 107–108.

Thus, she and Taha had authorised TWG Tea to publish the false statement
regardless of her personal views on it. As such, both Maranda and Taha would
be personally liable for the publication of the false statements.

111 As to TWG Tea, Maranda’s lawyers (who also represent Taha and TWG Tea) had
stated that the statements were made on TWG Tea’s behalf. Given that Taha was
its CEO and President while Maranda was its Director of Communications and
they were part of the management team that decided to publish the Website
Statement, their knowledge would be attributed to TWG Tea: see The Dolphina
[2012] 1 SLR 992 at [205], [216], [235], [237], [239], [255] and [256]; and Ho
Kang Peng v Scintronix Corp Ltd (formerly known as TTL Holdings Ltd) [2014] 3
SLR 329 at [48]. In Webster v British Gas Services Ltd [2003] EWHC 1188 at
[30], the English High Court held that a corporation may be vicariously liable
for the malicious falsehood of an employee, where the employee is found to be
responsible for the words complained of and had the state of mind required to
constitute malice.

112 I turn then to whether the Website Statement was published to third
parties. The court may draw an inference of publication, for instance in the
case of generally accessible web pages (see [91] above). Taha stated that if
TWG Tea put up the names of the founders on the Website as per the Website
Statement, “many people can contact them”. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

21/11/18 NE 56–57.

Mr Yeo himself adduced Taha’s testimony in Suit 187, where Taha stated that
“when people then Google, they will find [Manoj], they will associate with
[TWG Tea], then they would find this lawsuit [ie, Suit 187]. It’s bad press
for us. It is very bad for our brand, because he disclosed that to the media”.
Taha also then stated, “if you just put “Manoj Murjani TWG Tea”…the first
articles will be the lawsuit”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

PCS, para 236 (footnote 362); 2AB 1280; Taha’s AEIC, p 1125 (exhibit TBQ-26).

Taha’s and Maranda’s evidence showed that the Domain Name and the Website was
very important to TWG Tea’s business, that a significant number of the public
accessed the Website and that some of them would also see the Website
Statement and may contact the founders mentioned on it.

113 The Website and Website Statement were also generally accessible to
Internet users without charge. As Maranda stated, anyone who wished to contact
TWG Tea for marketing and publicity purposes would be able to enter the
Website to find information on TWG Tea. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Maranda’s AEIC, para 18.

The Website also hosts TWG Tea’s online shop, and is used to conduct its
business such as providing information, marketing and offering for sale TWG
Tea’s products. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Taha’s AEIC, para 23 and p 437 (TWG Tea’s lawyer’s letter dated 17 July 2017,
para 3).

As Taha stated, any disruption to the Domain Name would “adversely and
irreversibly impact the day to day business of TWG Tea” and if the public
could not obtain information from the Website because it was down, the damage
to TWG Tea’s business and reputation would be “significant”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Taha’s AEIC, paras 26–27.

Maranda also stated that the Website has a “significant team to handle matters
relating to [their] eCommerce business”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Maranda’s AEIC, para 14.

The inference from Taha’s and Maranda’s evidence is that the Website generates
significant income from online customers, and the dominant purpose of the
Website is for widespread commerciality. Further, by Taha’s evidence, the
“brand” includes TWG Tea’s founding story as published on the Website
Statement. As such, I would infer publication to third persons of the Website
Statement even in the absence of direct evidence (of the number of persons who
had seen the Website Statement) and find that the Website Statement would have
reached third parties.

Montecristo article

114 The Montecristo article was titled “TWG Tea Salon & Boutique Vancouver:
True love’s sip”, and it stated that, “[f]ounded in 2008 in Singapore by
Barnes and her husband Taha Bouqdib, TWG [Tea] is known across the globe…”.

115 I find the statement in the Montecristo article to be false, and the sole
natural and ordinary meaning of the statement was that Taha and Maranda were
the only founders of TWG Tea. In fact, a reading of the entire article would
show that Taha and Maranda were categorically portrayed as having come
together to set up and launch TWG Tea and there was no mention at all of any
other party involved in its founding. Maranda had made the statement and Taha
admitted to having been interviewed for the article. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

19/11/18 NE 32–33; 6AB 2935.

116 Similarly, and with the background that I had set out earlier (see
[95]–[101] above), I find that Taha and Maranda did not have an honest belief
that the statement was true, or they had at least acted with reckless
disregard as to the truth of it. Taha claimed he had not mentioned Manoj
because the interviewer had not asked him who TWG Tea’s founders were, and if
the interviewer had asked, he would have mentioned Manoj as well. However,
despite not having mentioned Manoj, he nevertheless volunteered the
information about himself and Maranda as the founders of TWG Tea. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

19/11/18 NE 33.

I find that the mention of only Taha and Maranda as TWG Tea’s founders was to
deliberately exclude Manoj and create the impression that there were only two
persons who founded the company. Again, I find that TWG Tea was also to be
attributed with the acts and knowledge of Taha and Maranda (see [111] above).
Maranda had admitted that the statement was made on TWG Tea’s behalf. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

6DB 2935.

117 The Montecristo article was accessible to Internet users, and I would
infer that there was publication to third parties. The article was published
in the online version of a lifestyle magazine and was written for the purpose
of publicising TWG Tea’s tea salon in Vancouver, Canada. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Maranda’s AEIC, paras 28–29; 22/11/18 NE 143–145.

It was obvious that the purpose of the Montecristo article was a predominantly
commercial one to reach out to potential purveyors of TWG Tea’s products or to
experience its Vancouver tea salon.

Nomss article

118 The Nomss article reads “TWG Canada officially opens doors today with a
media gala with Coco Rocha in attendance. But before that, we spent an
intimate The Perfume of Tea dinner. We started the evening mingling over tea
infused cocktails with TWG Tea founders from Singapore – Taha … and Maranda …”
[emphasis in italics].

119 I find that the natural and ordinary meaning would not convey that there
were only two founders. The alleged offending sentence had to be read in its
overall context. It was clear from the introduction that the Nomss article was
written for the launch of TWG Tea’s tea boutique and salon in Vancouver,
Canada. The context of the sentence focused on the persons who attended the
dinner or reception, who were Taha and Maranda, and was written to introduce
the persons from TWG Tea who were present there. In light of this, I find that
the statement in the Nomss article was not false and I dismiss Manoj’s
counterclaim in relation to this article.

Niche article

120 As for the Niche article, Manoj claimed that the offending statement was
the caption under a photograph of Taha and Maranda which read “TWG Tea
founders Maranda Barnes and Taha Bouqdib”.

121 Again, I find that this was not a false statement when read in context.
The caption was meant to describe the persons in the photo which featured only
Taha and Maranda. It did not therefore mean there were no other founders of
TWG Tea, merely that they were not featured in the photo. It would have been
different if Manoj was also in the photo and he was not described as a founder
when Taha and Maranda were. As this statement was not false, I dismiss Manoj’s
counterclaim in relation to this article.

Forbes article

122 The Forbes article, published around 7 June 2018, reported that TWG Tea’s
tearooms in London were “the first locations in the European market for the
co-foundering (sic) couple: Taha Bouqdib, TWG Tea President, CEO & Co-Founder
and Maranda Barnes, TWG Tea Co-Founder & Director of Business Development”.

123 I find that this statement was false and gave the impression that the
couple, Taha and Maranda, were the only founders of TWG Tea. I also find that
Taha and Maranda had made the statement when they did not have an honest
belief that it was true or had acted with reckless disregard as to the truth
of it. Again, I find that TWG Tea was to be attributed with the acts and
knowledge of Taha and Maranda. As with the Website Statement and the statement
in the Montecristo article, this must be looked at against the background
which I had earlier set out (see [95]–[101] above) and the following.

124 On 23 June 2017, Manoj’s counsel had written to Maranda to personally
inform her of the various false statements (see [109] above). Having already
known of Manoj’s objections that Maranda and Taha were alleged to have
conveyed that they were the only founders and “denying [Manoj’s] role and
involvement as the founder of TWG Tea”, Taha and Maranda nevertheless
continued to prepare a press release in around April/May 2018, in which it was
stated that “TWG Tea … was founded by Taha … Maranda … and Rith in 2008” and
repeated that “TWG Tea … was co-founded by Taha … Maranda … and Rith in 2008”.
115

##### Foot Note 115

×

7DB 3364–3372.

125 Taha agreed that such press releases would have been cleared with TWG Tea,
of which he was then President and CEO. He also admitted that if TWG Tea gave
a press release to the press that only presented himself and Maranda as
founders of TWG Tea, that the press would naturally report it in the way it
was presented to them. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

19/11/18 NE 43–45.

Maranda also stated that if TWG Tea was opening a new tea salon or boutique,
it would prepare materials such as a press release or fact sheet about the new
store, which she would approve, and which would be given to the PR agency. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Maranda’s AEIC, para 35 and pp 67 and 157–161; 22/11/18 NE 137–138.

A copy of the press release exhibited to Maranda’s AEIC, showed its contents
to state that “TWG Tea … was founded by Taha ... Maranda … and Rith … in
2008”. Maranda accepted that the press release would show that the founders in
entirety were only Taha, Maranda and Rith, and admitted that the information
TWG Tea wanted to convey to the press for it to publish would be in the press
release. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

22/11/18 NE 96.

126 Additionally, the Forbes article was accessible to Internet users, and I
would infer that there was publication to third parties. The article was
published in the online version of a well-known magazine and was written for
the purpose of publicising TWG Tea’s tea salon in London. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Maranda’s AEIC, paras 28–29; 22/11/18 NE 143–145.

In Ahmed v John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd [2006] NSWSC at [9], the NSW
Supreme Court considered that publications in the Sydney Morning Herald would
have been extensive given “the very nature of the defendant’s newspaper and
its business”.

Vogue article

127 In an article published in the British Vogue on 25 June 2018 in relation
to TWG Tea’s launch of its tea salon and boutique in London, it was reported
that “TWG Tea, co-founded in 2008 by Taha … Maranda … and partners, offers the
largest collection of teas …”.

128 I find that this article was not false or was not intended to create a
false impression, namely that the article was meant to be understood that the
“only” founders of TWG Tea were Taha and Maranda and that Manoj was not
involved in founding its business. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), paras 63 and 65.

The article stated that TWG Tea was co-founded by Taha, Maranda “and partners”
which in the ordinary and natural meaning would convey that there were other
partners who also founded TWG Tea. Accordingly, I dismiss Manoj’s counterclaim
in relation to this article.

CRIB summit

129 I preface the analysis by stating that Taha was not a speaker at the
conference. Even though Maranda attended the CRIB summit where she was
introduced as TWG Tea’s Director of Corporate Communications and Business
Development 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

22/11/18 NE 113.

there is no evidence that any of her statements at the CRIB summit were
authorised by Taha. Maranda explained that CRIB was a social enterprise
founded to empower women to become successful entrepreneurs. She spoke at
dialogue session titled “Scaling Your Business: Dialogue Session”. It was an
open forum where guest speakers responded to spontaneous questions. She had
not prepared any answers. Moreover, Maranda’s uncontroverted evidence was that
her answers were not given on behalf of TWG Tea. She stated that she was
speaking about her personal experiences. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Maranda’s AEIC, para 21; 22/11/18 NE 113–114.

I accept Maranda’s evidence in this regard. In the circumstances, neither Taha
nor TWG Tea could be attributed with the statements made at the CRIB summit.

130 As for Maranda, I find that the statements she made (read in context of
the questions being asked of her) were not false. Manoj alleged that Maranda
made statements to the effect that Taha and Maranda had founded TWG Tea and
that he was “another partner who merely acted as an investor”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 64(d).

131 First, Maranda was responding to a question where she was asked “[w]here
are your investors…when you start this thing”. Maranda replied that “[w]e were
in Paris…and we did by chance happen upon someone … who [literally] became a
friend, who later became our … angel investor.” In my view, what Maranda said
in that context cannot be construed as merely showing that Manoj (who is not
mentioned by name) is “merely” an investor. Second, Maranda had mentioned
Manoj as a “partner” later in the interview. In fact, she went on to say that
after coming to Singapore, “[i]t was the two of us plus an investor and we
just started…”, that “we had a partner who was spoon-feeding us” in terms of
the finances, and she conceded that the “partner” had “a level of trust” in
investing in them. Taken together it could be construed that Manoj’s role was
mainly to provide investment money, but I did not read the statements to
therefore mean that Manoj was merely an investor and was not a founder. Third,
Maranda had mentioned that “we together with this other partner, and the two
of us, we started in an office the size of two of these tables … To be honest
and fair to our investing partner, he came in one day and said “You know you
guys gotta stop renting …”. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

10DB 4219–4220.

It was plain to me that Maranda’s reference to “together” with the other
partner that they “started” in an office, was a clear expression that they
(including Manoj) had begun TWG Tea together.

132 Admittedly, Maranda did state that “yes, we did start the company. Three,
four, five, six people joined us afterwards and then it became a little SME.”.
125

##### Foot Note 125

×

10DB 4221.

It was suggested that if the “three” people who joined afterward included
Manoj, this would convey the impression that it was only Taha and Maranda who
started TWG Tea. However, Maranda could simply have meant that three more, and
four more individuals joined afterward. Maranda explained in court that the
“three, four, five, six people” were others who joined TWG Tea thereafter and
was not a reference to the three founders. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

22/11/18 NE 119–120.

Given that Maranda had already indicated that it was she, Taha, and their
“other partner” who started the company, I do not think the natural and
ordinary meaning read in its overall context was that Taha and Maranda were
the only founders of TWG Tea.

133 Accordingly, I dismiss Manoj’s counterclaim in relation to the statements
made at the CRIB summit.

Whether special damage proved

134 From the foregoing, I dismiss Manoj’s counterclaims in relation to the
Nomss, Niche and Vogue articles and the CRIB summit statements as I find that
these were not false statements when read in their proper context. However, I
found that the unambiguous meanings of the Website Statement, and the
statements in the Forbes and Montecristo articles were false and that Taha,
Maranda and TWG Tea had acted with malice when they caused the statements to
be made.

135 Nevertheless, it was an essential element of the tort of malicious
falsehood to show the element of special damage, this being an element of the
tort without which the claim cannot stand and liability cannot be held to have
been made out (see Low Tuck Kwong v Sukamto Sia [2014] 1 SLR 639 (“Sukamto
Sia”) at [102] and [106]). In the present case, no evidence was led to show
any actual damage suffered, and this was the case in relation to all the
Staements.

136 Instead, Ms Koh sought to rely on s 6(1) of the Defamation Act (Cap 75,
2014 Rev Ed), which states:

Slander of title, etc.

6.—(1) In any action for slander of title, slander of goods or other malicious
falsehood, it shall not be necessary to allege or prove special damage —

(a) if the words upon which the action is founded are calculated to cause
pecuniary damage to the plaintiff and are published in writing or other
permanent form; or

(b) if the said words are calculated to cause pecuniary damage to the
plaintiff in respect of any office, profession, calling, trade or business
held or carried on by him at the time of publication.

[Emphases added.]

137 In Sukamto Sia (at [112]–[113]) the Court of Appeal held that if s 6(1) of
the Defamation Act applied, a plaintiff would not need to prove specific
pecuniary loss but instead the court will infer the existence of such loss.
The meaning of the words “calculated to cause pecuniary damage” means “likely
to produce the result”.

138 In order to rely on s 6(1) of the Defamation Act, Manoj had to show that
the statements or words on which his action was founded were calculated to
either cause pecuniary damage to him or to him in respect of his office,
profession, calling, trade or business. However, there was no evidence that
the Statements were calculated to cause or were likely to produce the result
of such damage if any. There was also no evidence of what, much less the
extent of, pecuniary damage Manoj had suffered whether to him personally or
otherwise. That Taha and Maranda may have intended to put themselves at the
forefront of TWG Tea’s founding by the Statements did not necessarily mean
that the Statements were calculated to cause or were likely to produce the
result of damage to Manoj or his office, profession, calling, trade or
business. The brevity of Manoj’s Counterclaim as to damage spoke for itself –
the best particulars that he had provided was simply the words found in s 6(1)
of the Defamation Act.

139 In the same vein, and where s 6(1) of the Defamation Act could not apply,
Manoj has not shown the element of special damage for the purposes of the
claim of malicious falsehood. There was no evidence of what damage he had
suffered, let alone that the damage must have been the natural or probable
result of the words or statements made (see Sukamto Sia at [108]).

140 In the circumstances, I dismiss Manoj’s counterclaim for malicious
falsehood even in relation to the Website Statement and the Montecristo and
Forbes articles.

Manoj’s claim in conspiracy

141 Manoj had alleged that the counterclaim defendants had engaged in a
conspiracy by lawful and unlawful means. In a claim for conspiracy by unlawful
means: (a) there must be a combination of persons to do certain acts; (b) the
persons must have intended to cause damage or injury to Manoj by those acts;
(c) the acts were unlawful and performed in furtherance of the agreement; and
(d) Manoj had suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy (EFT Holdings, Inc
and another v Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR
860 at [112]). In a conspiracy by lawful means, no unlawful act need be
committed but there is the requirement of proving a predominant purpose by the
conspirators to cause injury or damage to the claimant and the act is carried
out and the purpose achieved (Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter
and others and other appeals [2013] 1 SLR 374 at [62]).

142 I find that Manoj’s counterclaim for conspiracy, whether by lawful or
unlawful means, has not been made out. In particular, there is no evidence
that Taha, Maranda and/or TWG Tea had intended or had the predominant purpose
to cause damage or injury to Manoj by making the Statements. As with the claim
in malicious falsehood, there was also no evidence of what loss, injury or
damage Manoj had suffered as a result of a conspiracy.

143 For completeness, I address briefly the element of the intention to cause
damage or injury and of “predominant purpose”, as it overlaps with the element
of malice in the claim for malicious falsehood. Although Taha denied it, the
Statements were published to benefit and would have benefitted his and
Maranda’s public profile and place themselves front and centre in the founding
of TWG Tea. This was understandable even if it was not entirely excusable.
They had contributed significantly to bring about TWG Tea, making it into an
international brand. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

22/11/18 NE 132.

Naturally, they wanted to be credited for their work.

144 Be that as it may, they should not have glossed over Manoj in the way they
had and excluded him from TWG Tea’s history, particularly with regard to the
statements which I had found to be false. This is even if Taha and Maranda
wanted to “protect” the company by dissociating it from Manoj in light of
pending lawsuits against it. Taha, Maranda and Rith all acknowledged that
Manoj was a founding partner 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

21/11/18 NE 54–55.

and admitted that he had been an indisputable part of TWG Tea’s founding.

145 Nevertheless, although I found that Taha and Maranda may have made the
false statements in part to gain credit for themselves and to disassociate TWG
Tea and themselves from Manoj, and that it was done without an honest belief
that the statements were true or in reckless disregard as to their truth, they
did not intend, much less had the predominant purpose, to do so to injure
Manoj.

146 As such, I dismiss Manoj’s counterclaim for conspiracy.

Conclusion

147 In conclusion, I find that Manoj held the Domain Name on trust for TWG
Tea, alternatively he is estopped from denying that the Domain Name belonged
to TWG Tea. I thus grant TWG Tea’s claim for a declaration that the Domain
Name is held on trust for it by Manoj. Manoj is to take all necessary steps to
transfer the Domain Name to TWG Tea subject to TWG Tea bearing the costs
related to the transfer. I further order that where Manoj had paid for the
renewal of the Domain Name for the period 3 August 2015 to 3 August 2017
personally, TWG should reimburse him as it had obtained the benefit of the
Domain Name throughout this period.

148 I dismiss Manoj’s counterclaims.

149 I will hear parties on costs.

Audrey Lim  
Judicial Commissioner

Tony Yeo, Meryl Koh, Vanessa Ho, and Ashley Loh  
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff in original action  
and the defendants-in-counterclaim;  
Koh Swee Yen, Lin Chunlong, Jasmine Low and Jeremy Tan  
(WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant in original action  
and plaintiff-in-counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

