Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 54

HC/Suit No 63 of 2019

(HC/Summons No 235 of 2019)

Between

World Fuel Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff

And

Xie Sheng Guo

… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Contract] – [Illegality and public policy] – [Restraint of trade]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
World Fuel Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Xie Sheng Guo

[2019] SGHC 54

High Court — HC/Suit No 63 of 2019 (HC/Summons No 235 of 2019)  
Choo Han Teck J  
29 January, 7 and 14 February 2019

5 March 2019

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a company that supplies marine and aviation oil in Asia,
and was the employer of the defendant, whose job, according to the plaintiff’s
counsel, Miss Lee Ping, was to negotiate prices of aviation oil and enter into
supply contracts for the plaintiff which then re-sells the oil to its own
customers, including airlines.

2 The defendant tendered his resignation on 19 November 2018 and informed the
plaintiff that he intended to join a company called China Aviation Oil
(Singapore) Corporation Ltd (“CAO SG”) on 19 February 2019 immediately after
he ceased employment with the plaintiff. CAO SG is a public listed company in
Singapore, and its controlling shareholder is China National Aviation Fuel
Group (“CNAF”), a state-run entity in China which supplies aviation oil to the
plaintiff.

3 After tendering his resignation, the defendant was put on garden leave until
his last day of work, that is, 18 February 2019. Under his contract of
employment dated 15 August 2016 with the plaintiff (“Employment Contract”),
the defendant covenanted that six months after his termination (for whatever
reason), he would not compete or participate in businesses that compete
against the business of the plaintiff, and would not solicit the patronage of
customers, or any brokers, traders, managers or directors employed by the
plaintiff. The exact terms are found in the long and detailed clause 5 of the
Employment Contract. The terms and details were not in dispute before me.

4 What was before me was the application filed by the plaintiff on 15 January
2019 to enjoin the defendant from commencing employment under CAO SG. It was
an application to enforce clause 5 as well as clause 4 of the Employment
Contract. Clause 4 imposes duties of confidentiality on the defendant.

5 Miss Lee submitted that the contract terms in question were clear and
reasonable. The defendant need only abstain from joining CAO SG for six
months. The revenue that the plaintiff may lose runs to US$40m a year, in
contrast, the defendant will be paid S$10,400 a month with unspecified
bonuses, and an additional sign-on bonus of S$10,400.

6 The plaintiff’s main concern was that the defendant had contacts with its
suppliers in China and knew the prices that the plaintiff bought and sold its
aviation oil. The plaintiff submitted that this constituted clear confidential
information that was useful to a competitor, of which CAO SG is one, as CAO SG
and its subsidiaries would tender for aviation oil contracts alongside the
plaintiff. The information would enable the competitor to negotiate prices for
the purchase and sale of aviation oil to the disadvantage of the plaintiff.

7 Miss Megan Chia, counsel for the defendant, challenged the plaintiff’s
application on several grounds. She said that the plaintiff had not shown that
there was a legitimate proprietary interest to be protected. She said that the
defendant had no access to the final contracts made by the plaintiff and its
suppliers and customers. Furthermore, she asserted that it was no secret who
the plaintiff’s customers were, and the defendant did not deal directly with
the plaintiff’s customers. Miss Chia argued that as CAO SG is merely a holding
company, it was not a customer nor a reseller of aviation oil and therefore,
the defendant was not joining a competitor. He had been offered a job as a
senior aviation marketing manager in CAO SG specifically on the condition that
he was not subject to all the restrictive covenants in his Employment
Contract.

8 Here, we have yet another clash between two ideals — the sanctity of
contract against the freedom to work. It is not a clash of absolutes but it
exemplifies competing rights and expectations, and security and hardship.
Which man enters upon a contract not expecting that the person he contracts
with intends to fulfil all that he had promised to do? Agreements that are
enforceable at law are no different from agreements outside the purview of the
law in that all agreements are nestled in good faith and honesty. The
expectation of fulfilment is mutually held. It is the reason people go to
court in aid. They seek judicial recognition of their contractual rights and
pray to the court for relief. This is what the plaintiff wants.

9 The defendant undertook not to be employed in this area of work, all defined
in minute and explicit detail in clauses 4 and 5 of his Employment Contract.
He challenged the plaintiff’s claim on the broad ground that the conditions
imposed on him by those clauses were unreasonable and against public policy.
No employer should be entitled to restrain an ex-employee from employment
elsewhere. Miss Chia submitted that the defendant had no special confidential
information and his job insofar as it brought him to CNAF or other suppliers
in China, was virtually a public relations exercise; a way for the plaintiff
to keep in touch with its suppliers. It did seem like a serious and important
job for the defendant to fly to China regularly to meet the plaintiff’s
suppliers. From the affidavits and submissions of counsel, it seemed that as a
supply manager for the plaintiff, the defendant had access to important and
confidential information such as the price that the suppliers sold to the
plaintiff, and the price the plaintiff sold to its customers. Miss Lee
submitted, that the defendant sourced supplies of aviation oil from seven
countries for the plaintiff but Miss Chia said that 80% of the defendant’s
work was in China.

10 Miss Chia further submitted that clause 4 adequately protects the
plaintiff’s interests. Clause 4 enjoins the defendant from disclosing
confidential information. She submitted that the defendant had given his
undertaking in clause 4 and would honour his promise. If so, why was he not
honouring the promise he made in clause 5?

11 The defendant will be paid S$10,400 a month with unspecified bonuses, along
with a sign-on bonus of S$10,400. The plaintiff has a US$40m annual trading
turnover derived from the aviation oil contracts. Miss Chia argued that if
enjoined from working for CAO SG for six months, the defendant may lose his
job. This claim was not supported by evidence, but assuming that it was true,
the balance of convenience as between the quantification of the loss of his
new job, was easily quantifiable, even taking into account the difficulty, if
any, in his finding another job. Whereas, the loss of business by reason of
price adjustments by the plaintiff’s competitors including CAO SG would be a
more difficult exercise.

12 The defendant’s experience must surely have been an important consideration
for CAO SG to employ him. It was also obvious that he carried all his
knowledge of the plaintiff’s connections and business with its suppliers and
customers in the store of that experience. It would be impossible to separate
confidentiality from a detached discharge of his duties with his new employer,
CAO SG.

13 For the reasons above, the plaintiff’s application was allowed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Lee Ping and Swah Yeqin, Shirin (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for plaintiff  
Megan Chia and Benedict Teong (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

