Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 269

Suit No 164 of 2018 (Summons No 484 of 2019)

Between

(1)| Amber Compounding Pharmacy Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Amber Laboratories Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Priscilla Lim Suk Ling  
---|---  
(2)| UrbanRx Compounding Pharmacy Pte Ltd  
(3)| Muhammad ‘Ainul Yaqien Bin Mohamed Zin  
(4)| Daniel James Tai Hann  
(5)| Tee I-Lin Cheryl  
(6)| Tan Bo Chuan  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Discovery of documents] — [Whether release from Riddick
principle permissible for purposes of making reports to authorities for
criminal investigations]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Amber Compounding Pharmacy Pte Ltd and another

  

v

  

Lim Suk Ling Priscilla and others

[2019] SGHC 269

High Court — Suit No 164 of 2018 (Summons No 484 of 2019)  
Audrey Lim J  
8 April, 24 June, 8 July, 30 October 2019

19 November 2019

Audrey Lim J:

1 In Summons No 484 of 2019 (“SUM 484”), the Plaintiffs in Suit 164 of 2018
(“the Suit”) sought to use 32 documents (“the Documents”) seized from the
first defendant (“D1”) and second defendant (“D2”) (collectively “the
Defendants”) for the purpose of making reports to law enforcement authorities
in Singapore. The main issue was in what circumstances a party may be allowed
to disclose documents, obtained under a search order, to the authorities for
the purposes of reporting and investigating the possible commission of an
offence (herein referred to as “criminal investigation purposes”). A further
issue was in what circumstances the court may grant retrospective leave to
disclose, which was relevant because the Plaintiffs had disclosed some
documents before filing SUM 484.

Background

2 The first plaintiff (“P1”) specialises in the compounding of medical and
pharmaceutical products. The second plaintiff (“P2”) is a related company of
P1 and provides P1 with essential support services. D1 is an ex-employee of
P1. D1 incorporated D2 and is its director. The Plaintiffs commenced the Suit
against the Defendants and other parties for breach of contract, inducing
breach of contract, breach of confidence, conspiracy to injure, and copyright
infringement.

3 On 13 April 2018, the Plaintiffs obtained search orders against the
Defendants. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ORC 2446/2018 and ORC 2447/2018.

They executed the orders on 17 April 2018 and seized numerous documents. It
should be noted that paragraph 6 of Schedule 3 to the search orders required
the Plaintiffs:

Not, without the leave of the Court, to inform anyone else of this Order or
the carrying out of this Order or to use any information or documents obtained
as a result of the carrying out of this Order except for the purposes of these
proceedings or to inform anyone else of these proceedings until the trial or
further order.

4 On 10 May 2018, the Defendants filed Summons No 2169 of 2018 to set aside
the search orders. I declined to set aside the search orders and instead
directed parties to sort out which documents belonged to the Plaintiffs and
which belonged to the Defendants (“the Listing Exercise”).

5 In conducting the Listing Exercise, the Plaintiffs opined that certain
documents revealed the commission of offences by the Defendants under the
Employment of Foreign Manpower Act (Cap 91A, 2009 Rev Ed) (“EFMA”), Penal Code
(Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed)
(“PCA”), and Computer Misuse Act (Cap 50A, 2007 Rev Ed) (“CMA”). They
proceeded to disclose some of the Documents or excerpts of them to the
authorities. When the Plaintiffs’ current lawyers (Lee & Lee) took over the
conduct of the matter, they filed SUM 484 seeking leave to disclose the
Documents. The Plaintiffs initially sought disclosure of 208 documents but
pared this down to the 32 that constitute the Documents. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s Further Submissions (“PFS”) at [3]; Minute Sheet dated 24 June
2019.

The alleged offences

6 The Plaintiffs alleged that offences were committed under the following
provisions. First, s 22(1)(d) of the EFMA provides that any person who:

… in connection with any application for or to renew a work pass or for any
other purpose under this Act, makes any statement or furnishes any information
to the Controller or an authorised officer or employment inspector which he
knows, or ought reasonably to know, is false in any material particular or is
misleading by reason of the omission of any material particular … shall be
guilty of an offence …

7 The Plaintiffs alleged that D2 made a false declaration (signed by D1) to
support an application for an S-Pass for a foreign employee by affirming that
“[t]he employer has not made any voluntary CPF contributions for the purposes
of inflating his foreign employee entitlement”. This circumvented the
requirement that an employer must employ at least five local employees to
obtain an S Pass-for a foreign employee. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Samuel Thaddaeus’ affidavit of 29 Jan 2019 (“Thaddaeus’ 1st affidavit”) at
[26]–[28].

The Plaintiffs referred to various WhatsApp conversations that purportedly
showed D1 and the fourth defendant (“D4”) arranging to employ a foreign
employee (Marc, an ex-employee of P1) under an S-Pass by falsely claiming that
four people were D2’s employees when they were not. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Thaddaeus’ 1st affidavit at [28].

The Plaintiffs relied on the mention of only job positions and salary without
any employment details, references to CPF contributions being made “in order
to keep Marc in the company”, exhortations not to let anyone know, and
expressions of caution that the arrangements were risky.

8 Second, under s 5 of the EFMA, it is an offence to employ a foreign employee
unless he has a valid work pass. The Plaintiffs alleged that D1 hired a
foreign employee, Lydia, without a valid work permit. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Thaddaeus’ 1st affidavit at [39].

They relied on an ICA status enquiry confirming that Lydia was on a short-term
visit pass during the relevant period of her stay in Singapore; a message
stating “no need to apply for work permit [be]cause need pay high levy”; and
various messages and photographs or videos showing that Lydia did indeed work
for D1.

9 Third, s 425 of the Penal Code, an offence for mischief, provides:

Whoever, with intent to cause, or knowing that he is likely to cause, wrongful
loss or damage to the public or any person, causes the destruction of any
property, or any such change in any property, or in the situation thereof, as
destroys or diminishes its value or utility, or affects it injuriously,
commits “mischief”.

The Plaintiffs alleged that “it is likely” that “[D1] and/or Marc” were
responsible for two incidents when staple bullets were found in P1’s products.
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Thaddaeus’ 1st affidavit at [45].

They relied on WhatsApp conversations between D1 and the fifth defendant
(“D5”) discussing these incidents, and between D1 and Marc, where D1 referred
to a “staple saga” or “staple bullet thingy” without needing to clarify what
this meant.

10 Fourth, s 6(b) of the PCA provides:

If … any person corruptly gives or agrees to give or offers any gratification
to any agent as an inducement or reward for doing or forbearing to do, or for
having done or forborne to do any act in relation to his principal’s affairs
or business, or for showing or forbearing to show favour or disfavour to any
person in relation to his principal’s affairs or business; … he shall be
guilty of an offence ...

The Plaintiffs alleged that D1 instructed Marc and/or made arrangements with
him, while Marc was still employed by P1, to siphon P1’s business to the
Defendants. They relied on discussions between Marc and D1 regarding which
clients to siphon and how the siphoning was to be done, and in which
references were made to “commission”, “fair share” or “reimburse[ment]” of
Marc. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Thaddaeus’ 1st affidavit at [50]–[52].

11 Fifth, s 3(1) of the CMA provides that:

… any person who knowingly causes a computer to perform any function for the
purpose of securing access without authority to any program or data held in
any computer shall be guilty of an offence ...

The Plaintiffs alleged that D1 inserted her personal thumb-drive into a
computer belonging to the Plaintiffs without authorisation and downloaded many
documents, some of which were later seized under the search orders. The
Documents set out 20 extracts of hardcopy pharmaceutical formulas,
formulations and order sheets found in D1’s possession. Some of these still
bore the name “Amber”. They also alleged that D1 took and retained documents
from other companies in the pharmaceutical industry, especially Allergan
(which D1 also worked for previously). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Thaddaeus’ 1st affidavit at [55]–[62].

12 The Plaintiffs submitted that leave should be granted for them to disclose
the Documents that, allegedly, evidenced the commission of offences under the
EFMA, Penal Code, PCA, and CMA. The offences were serious, disclosure was
being sought for a proper purpose, and no relevant prejudice would be suffered
by the Defendants. The Defendants submitted that the Plaintiffs should not be
allowed to preserve any of the documents, including the Documents, as the
Listing Exercise had been completed and the purpose of the search orders had
been fulfilled. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defendants’ Submissions dated 21 May 2019 (“DS”) at [25].

The Riddick principle

13 Where a party to litigation has been ordered to give discovery, the
discovering party may not use the discovered document (or information obtained
therefrom) for any purpose other than pursuing the action in which the
discovery is obtained (“the Riddick principle”, established in Riddick v
Thames Board Mills Ltd [1977] 1 QB 881 (“Riddick”)). The Riddick principle
seeks to strike a balance between the public interest in full and complete
disclosure in the interest of justice, and the interest in protecting the
privacy and confidentiality of the party ordered to give discovery (given that
discovery on compulsion is an intrusion of privacy): Beckkett Pte Ltd v
Deutsche Bank AG [2005] 3 SLR(R) 555 (“Beckkett”) at [14]. The Riddick
principle operates by way of an implied undertaking that extends not only to
the documents themselves but also to information derived therefrom (Crest
Homes Plc v Marks and Others [1987] 1 AC 829 (“Crest Homes”) at 854), though
there might sometimes be express undertakings to similar effect.

14 The undertaking may be released or modified by the court where cogent and
persuasive reasons have been furnished for the request, and the release would
not give rise to any injustice or prejudice to the party who had given
discovery (“the Beckkett conditions”): Beckkett at [19]; BNX v BOE and another
appeal [2018] 2 SLR 215 at [65]. There must be special or exceptional
circumstances to release a party from its implied undertaking, and this would
depend on the facts of the case (see Beckkett at [18]–[19]; Reebok
International Ltd v Royal Corp and another action [1991] 2 SLR(R) 688 (“Reebok
International”) at [18]). The Riddick principle applies to discovery in
general and documents discovered under a search order. In the latter, although
the public interest in encouraging full and frank disclosure is not as
dominant as in general discovery proceedings (and is indeed largely absent in
reality), this difference is not in itself a strong factor on which the court
will release or modify the implied undertaking: Reebok International at [17],
[20]–[21].

15 Riddick concerned an application for disclosure of documents for use in
another civil matter. The Singapore authorities have yet to analyse whether
the Beckkett conditions apply in the same manner to the use of documents
discovered in civil proceedings for criminal investigation purposes.

Requirement for leave

16 The threshold issue is whether the discovering party must obtain leave of
the court, even for the ostensibly civic-minded purpose of providing
disclosure to the authorities for criminal investigation purposes.

17 Although Rank Film Distributors Ltd and Others v Video Information Centre
(A Firm) and Others [1982] AC 380 (“Rank Film Distributors”) (a case which
dealt with the privilege against self-incrimination) seems to suggest that
leave is not required, the weight of authority suggests otherwise. In Rank
Film Distributors, the House of Lords made certain observations on the Riddick
principle. In particular, Lord Fraser stated (at 447):

… [T]he case of Riddick had nothing to do with the use of information for
prosecution in the public interest. On the contrary … there might be a public
interest in favour of disclosure which would override the public interest in
the administration of justice which goes to preserve the confidentiality of
documents disclosed on discovery. That is clearly correct. If a defendant’s
answers to interrogatories tend to show that he has been guilty of a serious
offence I cannot think that there would be anything improper in his opponent
reporting the matter to the criminal authorities with a view to prosecution,
certainly if he had first obtained leave from the court which ordered the
interrogatories, and probably without such leave. [emphasis added]

18 However, the courts have generally proceeded on the basis that leave is
required before documents can be disclosed even to further criminal
investigation or prosecution – see O Ltd v Z [2005] EWHC 238 (Ch) and Bank of
Crete SA v Koskotas and Others (No 2) [1992] 1 WLR 919 (where the applicant
sought leave to use the documents to prepare an audit report legally required
to be prepared, with the effect that the report would, under a foreign law, be
provided to a third party to investigate a potential criminal offence). The
same has been held in Re NTD (BVI) Trading Ltd (No 2) [2009] 5 HKLRD 615 (“Re
NTD”) and in Bailey v Australian Broadcasting Corp (“Bailey”) [1995] 1 Qd R
476. This would sieve out cases where the infringement was of a trivial or
inconsequential nature, or where the application was brought out of malice or
spite (see Bailey). Likewise, in Doucette (Litigation Guardian of) v Wee Watch
Day Care Systems Inc [2008] 1 SCR 157 (“Doucette”) at [4], the Supreme Court
of Canada held that documents and information obtained through discovery,
including information thought by one of the parties to disclose criminal
conduct, is subject to the implied undertaking, unless and until the scope of
the undertaking is varied by the court or a situation of immediate and serious
danger emerges. Whilst the latter qualification has not been adopted by the
Singapore courts, Doucette nonetheless illustrates the general approach that
various jurisdictions have taken to the leave requirement.

19 Hence, leave of court is required for the implied undertaking to be
released or modified even if the documents are to be disclosed for criminal
investigation purposes. It is precisely because of the potential serious
consequences which may weigh against the party who had given discovery, that
leave should be obtained and the application subject to the court’s scrutiny.
This position is consonant with the Riddick principle. As the court in Bailey
stated (at 486), if leave were not required, this would mean that in every
case where the criminal law is potentially infringed, the public interest in
prosecution would outweigh the public interest in ensuring the integrity of
the discovery process. This surely is too sweeping a proposition to be
correct. Moreover, the implied undertaking is an obligation also owed to the
court and which only the court can modify.

Applicable test for granting leave

20 I first set out the approach of various jurisdictions before determining
whether and how the Beckkett conditions apply, in the context of disclosure
for criminal investigation purposes.

Australia

21 In Bailey, the plaintiff sued the defendants for defamation and obtained
documents in discovery. He sought leave to disclose the documents to the
police to investigate whether offences regarding illegal disclosure of
documents had been committed, and if so by whom. The court held that the
exercise of its discretion whether to allow disclosure involved weighing up
the competing policy considerations (ie, the importance of the implied
undertaking and the public interest in preserving the confidentiality of
discovered documents, as against the public interest of reporting offences and
prosecuting criminal offenders) and determining how those interests were best
met. This involved consideration of factors such as:

(a) the nature and severity of the offence alleged;

(b) the cogency of the evidence sought to be adduced;

(c) the authority to which the documents are sought to be disclosed, the
manner of the authority’s intended use, and the possibility of misuse by the
authority;

(d) any prejudice (actual or potential) that may be occasioned to the
respondent by the disclosure; and

(e) the purpose of bringing the proceedings (eg, whether the applicant is
acting out of malice); or, as held in North East Equity Pty Ltd v Goldenwest
Equities Pty Ltd [2008] WASC 190 (“North East Equity”) at [44], whether the
application is brought for some personal advantage or improper purpose rather
than to advance the public interest.

22 With regard to the nature of the offence, the court in Bailey distinguished
between offences which essentially involve the infringement of private or
individual rights and offences which it may be in the greater public interest
to uncover. In cases where an act might give rise to both civil and criminal
proceedings (such as defamation), there may be an adequate civil remedy which
would weigh against disclosure (Bailey at 489):

… [I]n many cases where private or individual rights are infringed adequate
civil remedies will be available to the wronged party. In those types of cases
the public interest will be suitably served by permitting the individual to
continue with or initiate any action which he may have for a civil remedy.
Conversely, if a party does not feel sufficiently aggrieved to protect his
rights by means of any civil action open to him, it is difficult to see why
the public conscience should feel any greater insult or burden. Much, of
course, will depend on the circumstances of each case, including the nature of
the individual’s right and the extent to which it has been infringed.

… [A]lthough technically a defamation may give rise to both civil and criminal
proceedings, a plaintiff who wishes to vindicate himself by correcting any
slur against his reputation may adequately and fully do so by way of an action
for damages for defamation. The public interest having been served by the
bringing of the wrong-doer to justice in a court of law, no further or greater
public interest could usually be served by the bringing of criminal
proceedings.

It is a very different circumstance, however, where no adequate civil remedy
can be pursued in relation to the alleged wrong-doing. Where the bringing of
criminal proceedings is the exclusive or perhaps the superior means of
defending the public interest that will no doubt be a greater factor in favour
of disclosure …

[emphasis added]

23 The court in Bailey allowed disclosure. Assuming that a criminal offence
had been committed, there were no civil proceedings that could be brought
against the alleged wrongdoers. The offences, which related to unauthorised
disclosure of documents prepared in the course of criminal investigations,
were serious and related to the maintenance of confidence in the executive arm
of government. The disclosure was also sought to be made to the appropriate
authorities. Finally, the only prejudice to the defendants that might result
would be associated with their criminal prosecution but that was the very
matter which the plaintiff sought to have investigated.

24 The approach in Bailey has been applied to cases concerning information
obtained via search and seizure orders (Visy Board v D’Souza & Ors (No 3)
[2008] VSC 572, although the application was not granted in that case),
answers to interrogatories (Andrew Koh Nominees Pty Ltd v Pacific Corp Ltd (No
2) [2009] WASC 207 (“Andrew Koh Nominees”)), and even affidavits obtained in
the course of proceedings (Prime Finance Pty Ltd and Ors v Randall and Ors
[2009] NSWSC 361 (“Prime Finance”)).

England

25 In O Ltd v Z, C sued D for intellectual property infringement and obtained
a search order. Under the search order, pornographic materials were found by
the computer expert examining the materials. The expert applied for leave to
disclose the materials to the prosecuting authorities. Citing the House of
Lord’s decision in Crest Homes (which referred to Riddick) the court in O Ltd
v Z (at [73]) reiterated the general principle with regard to implied
undertakings, stating that the undertaking would not be released or modified
save in special circumstances and where the release or modification would not
occasion injustice to the person giving discovery. In deciding whether to
allow disclosure where the use contemplated for the disclosed material
involved a risk to the defendant of his criminality being investigated, the
court considered the following factors:

(a) the public interest in the administration of justice;

(b) the public interest in the prosecution of serious crime and the punishment
of offenders;

(c) the gravity of the offence and the relevance of the evidence to it; and

(d) fairness to the person who has incriminated himself and any others
affected by the incriminating statement and any danger of oppression.

26 There, the court allowed disclosure as it was in the general interest and
welfare of children that paedophilia be investigated, the offences were grave
and the material was of great relevance to the offence. Moreover, D was able
to and did consult his own solicitors privately when the search order was
being executed and the materials retrieved.

Canada

27 In Doucette, a child (C) suffered a seizure whilst in the care of the
appellant, a childcare worker, and was subsequently determined to have
suffered a brain injury. C and her parents brought an action in negligence
against the owners and operators of the day-care centre. At that time, the
police were in the midst of investigating the appellant and the authorities
then sought access to the appellant’s discovery transcripts. The appellant
applied to court, relying on the implied undertaking, to prohibit the parties
in the civil proceedings from providing the transcripts to the police or
Attorney-General. The Supreme Court of Canada declined to vary the implied
undertaking in relation to the Attorney-General (who was a non-party), as the
purpose would be to sidestep the appellant’s right to silence in the face of
police investigations of her conduct. The court held that the authorities
should not be able to obtain indirectly a transcript which they were unable to
obtain directly through a search warrant in the ordinary way because they
lacked the grounds to justify it (at [58]).

28 The court in Doucette discussed the rationale for the implied undertaking,
imposed in recognition of the private interest (of the person from whom
discovery is obtained) and the public interest in the efficient conduct of
litigation (at [25], [26], [30], [33] and [38]). An application to modify or
grant relief against an implied undertaking requires the applicant to
demonstrate on a balance of probabilities the existence of a public interest
of greater weight than the values the implied undertaking is designed to
protect. The court was cognisant of Crest Homes at 860 where Lord Oliver had
stated that the court would not release of modify the implied undertaking save
in “special circumstances and where the release or modification will not
occasion injustice to the person giving discovery”. However, it preferred to
rest the discretion “on a careful weighing of the public interest … (here the
prosecution of a serious crime) against the public interest in protecting the
right against self-incrimination as well as upholding a litigant’s privacy and
promoting an efficient civil justice process” (at [33]). While being mindful
that an undertaking should only be set aside in exceptional circumstances,
“[w]hat is important is the identification of the competing values, and the
weighing of one in the light of the others, rather than setting up an absolute
barrier to occasioning any ‘injustice to the person giving discovery’.
Prejudice, possibly amounting to injustice, to a particular litigant may
exceptionally be held justified by a higher public interest” (at [33]).

Hong Kong

29 In Secretary for Justice v Florence Tsang Chiu Wing & Ors [2014] 6 HKC 285,
the applicant sought leave to disclose to the Director of Public Prosecutions
documents obtained in discovery in matrimonial proceedings, for the purpose of
reporting a crime. The Court of Final Appeal reiterated the principles in
Crest Homes. The court’s task was to balance the competing interests. The
discovering party had to “demonstrate cogent and persuasive reasons” why the
undertaking should be released, and the court would not release or modify the
implied undertaking “save in special circumstances and where the release or
modification will not occasion injustice to the person giving discovery” (at
[23]). In that case, the court refused to release the applicant from the
implied undertaking in relation to documents in which the issue of whether
legal professional privilege attached had yet to be determined.

30 In Re NTD, the petitioners applied for leave to use documents disclosed by
a company in winding up proceedings to, amongst others, lodge a criminal
complaint of perjury against two individuals. The court held that it had
discretion to modify the implied undertaking “for special reasons” and the
general principle was that any release or modification should not occasion
injustice to the person giving discovery (at [4]–[5]). It was a balancing
exercise whether what was sought to be achieved by relaxing the implied
undertaking was more important for the administration of justice generally,
such as in discouraging and punishing false evidence, than in maintaining
confidentiality so as not to disincentivise full and frank discovery. The
factors for consideration include the nature of the document or information,
any prejudice the author of the document may sustain, and the likely
contribution of the document to achieving justice in the further proceedings
(at [6]–[7]). In that case, leave to disclose was granted.

Conclusion

31 The authorities show that the Riddick principle continues to apply even
where disclosure is sought for criminal investigation purposes. In determining
whether the undertaking should be released or modified, the Beckkett
conditions must be satisfied and generally there must also be special or
exceptional circumstances. In conducting the balancing exercise, the courts
can take into account factors including the nature and severity of the
potential offence, the cogency of the evidence sought to be adduced and the
prejudice that may be occasioned to the respondent by the disclosure. These
factors encapsulate the considerations that are relevant in assessing whether
there is a greater public interest or policy to justify lifting the
undertaking.

32 That said, the application of the second Beckkett condition must be
modified in the context of disclosure for criminal investigation purposes. I
am of the view that the mere exposure to investigation for possible commission
of offences does not without more amount to injustice or prejudice under the
second Beckkett condition, such as to bar the lifting or modifying of the
implied undertaking. If the material reveals the possible commission of an
offence by the party who had given discovery and is disclosed to the
authorities, this would likely result in investigation, and may even result in
prosecution, for an offence. Such “injustice or prejudice” within the meaning
of the second Beckkett condition would mean that an application to modify or
to be released from the implied undertaking for such purpose would generally
never succeed. This cannot be right. In a case where the materials disclose a
serious offence by the respondent that is in the public interest to prosecute,
the public interest in the prosecution of the crime and punishment of the
offender may amount to an exceptional circumstance justifying the lifting or
modifying of the undertaking. Hence, the prospect of criminal investigation or
prosecution that is occasioned by such disclosure should not on its own
constitute relevant prejudice (see Andrew Koh Nominees at [17]), given that
the applicant is seeking leave precisely to make reports to the authorities
regarding a possible offence.

33 What I have stated above in no way casts doubt on the correctness of how
the second Beckkett condition was applied in Beckkett, given that the facts
there are distinguishable. There, the application was for the purpose of using
the documents for the applicant in a suit to pursue a private interest (ie, to
obtain an injunction in Indonesia against the defendant) and a corollary
effect was that the documents might fall into the hands of the Indonesian
authorities (who would not be bound by any disclosure obligations and
therefore not precluded from commencing proceedings). Likewise, the stress
that the party giving discovery would experience upon investigation by the
authorities is also generally irrelevant (Prime Finance at [42]).

Application to the facts

Offences under the EFMA

34 In relation to the Documents that pertained to possible commission of
offences under s 5(1) and s 22(1)(d) of the EFMA, I found that the Beckkett
conditions were satisfied.

35 Offences of this nature are serious. In particular, an offence under s
22(1)(d) of the EFMA is one of deception and designated as a serious offence
under the Second Schedule to the Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other
Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CDSA”).
Penalties for these offences were enhanced at least twice (in 2007 and 2012).
In Lim Kopi Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2010] 2 SLR 413, the court (at [10])
stated that an offence under s 22(1)(d) of the EFMA was a “serious one, which
ought to be dealt with swiftly and sternly by the courts”.

36 There is a public interest in the prosecution of such offences that would
outweigh the public interest the implied undertaking was designed to protect.
Such offences are also hard to detect. As explained in the Parliamentary
Debates when the penalties in both ss 5(1) and 22(1)(d) of the EFMA were
enhanced, greater deterrence was needed. The number of foreigners who obtained
work passes through illegal means had increased significantly. There was a
need to maintain equilibrium between Singapore’s economic competitiveness and
other social objectives, such as enabling locals to compete for jobs and
ensuring they did not lose out in terms of employment opportunities; and
preventing employers who played by the rules from being disadvantaged (see the
Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (11 September 2012) vol 89
(Tan Chuan-Jin, Acting Minister for Manpower); Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (22 May 2007) vol 83 at cols 929 and 933 (Dr Ng Eng
Hen, Minister for Manpower)).

37 Further, the materials sought to be disclosed to the relevant authorities
were cogent. When D2 sought to employ Marc, D1 (on D2’s behalf) signed a
declaration to the Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”) to confirm that D2 had not
made any voluntary CPF contributions for the purpose of inflating its foreign
employee entitlement. However, this would seem to be contradicted by WhatsApp
conversations between D1 and Patrick (who was a shareholder of D2) which
suggested that the Defendants had been making CPF contributions to individuals
who were not in fact employed by D2. Further, there were WhatsApp messages
between D1 and Lydia (a foreigner) which suggested that D2 had hired Lydia
without a valid work permit, and where D1 suggested to Lydia that she should
apply for a short term visit pass and there was “no need [to] apply for [a]
work permit” to avoid “pay[ing a] high levy” and that Lydia would be
reimbursed for her work. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Thaddaeus’ 1st affidavit at [40].

Pertinently, the Defendants did not attempt to explain away the materials and
WhatsApp messages, but merely stated on affidavit that “a failure to respond
[did] not amount to any admission on [D1’s] or [D2’s] part”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

D1’s affidavit dated 11 March 2019 (“D1’s affidavit”) at [27].

38 This was also not a case in which the potential offending acts could give
rise to both civil and criminal proceedings and where an adequate civil or
personal remedy would weigh against disclosure. Further, as I had earlier
held, the prospect of criminal investigation or prosecution occasioned by such
disclosure should not without more amount to an injustice or prejudice
referred to in the second condition of Beckkett. The Plaintiffs were seeking
leave for the release from or modification of the implied undertaking
precisely to allow for disclosure for criminal investigation purposes.
Likewise, that there may be inconvenience caused to D1 (or D2) if the
authorities investigate the matter further was not something I considered to
weigh significantly in the balance (see also North East Equity at [53]).

39 Next, I considered the purpose for the Plaintiffs’ application and whether
it was brought for some personal advantage or improper purpose.

40 The Plaintiffs claimed that they wanted to “deter any further wrongdoing”
and “reduce the chance that other innocent parties would suffer detriment”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Thaddeus’ 1st affidavit at [24].

The Plaintiffs’ counsel (Mr De Souza) subsequently agreed to reduce the number
of documents sought from the initial 208 to 32. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PFS at [3].

At the hearing, Mr De Souza clarified that the Plaintiffs had already made
reports to MOM (as well as the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau and the
police) between July to October 2018. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Notes of Evidence dated 8 April 2019.

The Plaintiffs explained that after Lee & Lee took over conduct of this Suit,
they were advised to take out a proper application to seek the court’s leave
to disclose the materials and hence they filed SUM 484. The Defendants alleged
that the Plaintiffs lodged the reports “out of vindictiveness and to cause as
much harm as possible”, and that the Plaintiffs wanted to “destroy” D2 who
were their business competitors. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

D1’s affidavit at [63].

41 On balance, I was unable to conclude that the Plaintiffs were motivated by
an improper purpose or acted out of malice. Whilst paragraph 6 of Schedule 3
to the search orders (see [3] above) would have been apparent to the
Plaintiffs, this must be considered in the light of what the Plaintiffs had
actually disclosed to the investigating authorities. The Plaintiffs’ claims in
the Suit are based on D1 having wrongfully removed confidential information
and trade secrets from P1 when D1 was working there for barely five weeks
(from 1 June to 7 July 2016). D1 then went on to incorporate D2 which is in
the same business as the Plaintiffs. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Thaddeus’ 1st affidavit at [12]–[13]; Notes of Evidence dated 24 June 2019.

It was not disputed that thousands of documents that belonged to the
Plaintiffs were found in the Defendants’ possession pursuant to the search
orders, and that the Defendants had not explained why these documents had been
retained by them even in April 2018 (when the search orders were executed),
some two years after D1 had left P1’s employ. Whilst thousands of documents
belonging to the Plaintiffs were recovered pursuant to the search orders, they
eventually disclosed only about a dozen to the relevant authorities. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Thaddeus’ affidavit of 8 July 2019 at [14]–[21].

When Lee & Lee took over conduct of the matter, the Plaintiffs quickly
complied with the lawyers’ advice and filed SUM 484, and subsequently pared
down the number of documents it sought the court’s leave to disclose to 32
documents in all.

42 I was cognisant that SUM 484 was filed ex parte and that I had then
directed that it be served on the Defendants. Nevertheless, that it was filed
ex parte was neutral at best – it did not assist in my assessment of the
Plaintiffs’ motivation at the time they disclosed the handful of documents to
the authorities. It could equally be said that the Plaintiffs, having realised
that they should not have disclosed documents to third parties without seeking
permission, then attempted to act in self-preservation. Likewise, even if the
Plaintiffs did not inform the court or the Defendants’ counsel that they had
already disclosed certain documents or information to the authorities when
they first asked for an extension of time to comply with various directions of
the court (pursuant to the Listing Exercise), this was again after-the-fact
and hence neutral.

43 The Defendants also claimed that the Plaintiffs’ alleged civic-mindedness
was hypocritical given that the Plaintiffs had also committed possible
offences. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DS at [74].

This was irrelevant to the analysis – it was equally open to the Defendants to
seek the appropriate recourse if they were minded to do so.

44 In the round, the factors such as the nature and seriousness of the
offences under the EFMA and the public interest in the prosecution of such
offences, the lack of alternative (civil) remedies, the cogency of evidence
and the lack of material prejudice to the Defendants (other than the prejudice
of potential investigations against them) militated in favour of disclosure.
Even if the Plaintiffs had acted improperly by disclosing some information
before seeking the court’s leave in SUM 484 (which I had found was not the
case), I was not satisfied that this tilted the balance in favour of the
Defendants.

Offence under section 425 of the Penal Code

45 The Plaintiffs also sought to disclose WhatsApp messages to the authorities
as these allegedly showed that D1 and/or Marc were likely to be responsible
for incidents when staple bullets were discovered in P1’s products. D1 and/or
Marc would potentially have committed an offence of mischief under s 425 of
the Penal Code. I disallowed the Plaintiffs’ application in relation to these
documents.

46 The Plaintiffs themselves accepted that mischief is generally not a serious
offence. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PFS at [23].

The facts also did not point to it being a serious offence in this case. The
Plaintiffs alleged that the presence of staple bullets in pharmaceutical
products could lead to a patient being injured, and that the risk of personal
injury to others is a recognised aggravating factor. However, the Plaintiffs
have not elaborated how many staple bullets were allegedly found in their
products, or even where they were located (eg, within the consumable product
or outside on the packaging).

47 Further, the WhatsApp messages were equivocal and did not amount to cogent
evidence of an offence of mischief by D1 or Marc. The messages between D1 and
D5, which mentioned the “staple saga” and contained an assertion by D5 that
Marc was “likely … the culprit”, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Thaddaeus’ 1st affidavit at [47].

must be read in context and cannot be taken too far. D1 had on affidavit
categorically denied any involvement in the staple bullet incident, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

D1’s affidavit at [47].

she had on the WhatsApp messages stated that she did not think Marc was
involved, and the messages did not suggest or show that D1 was a perpetrator
in the incident. All that could be said from the messages is that the senders
and recipients were aware of the incident, and that they amounted to “office
chat” or gossip after the incidents had happened – which was not unusual. The
WhatsApp messages between D1 and Marc regarding the staple bullet incident
where D1 had informed Marc that “This kinda [sic] thing very toxic, too much
gossip … no harmony, I don[’]t like” 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Thaddeus’ 1st affidavit at p 216.

supported that interpretation. This was also not a case in which there were no
civil remedies that the Plaintiffs could pursue against D1 if they thought she
had committed the staple bullet incident.

Offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act

48 Next, the Plaintiffs sought leave to disclose various WhatsApp messages
between D1 and Marc on 10 October 2017 and between 22 to 25 October 2017, as
follows: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Thaddaeus’ 1st affidavit at [53].

(a) D1 informed Marc (who was then in P1’s employ) that she would help to
produce certain products which “they” could not produce in time and D1 would
“commission” Marc. The Plaintiffs submitted that this showed that D1 was
attempting to offer Marc gratification to siphon business from P1.

(b) Marc informed D1 that he knew that one Dr Ho would choose either a
“transparent white or the opaque white” colour, and D1 replied, “Ok … This one
need prior order … If deal comes through [you will] have [your] fair share”.
The Plaintiffs claimed Marc had informed D1 of the preferences of Dr Ho (then
P1’s client) to enable D1 to obtain Dr Ho’s business, and Marc would get some
reward if D1 managed to clinch a deal with Dr Ho.

(c) In another series of messages, D1 told Marc that “It is a [good] chance
for me to approach [Dr Chiam]”, “if [I] can take over his service … I will
reimburse [you] 5%” and “[It’s] your effort”. The Plaintiffs claimed that by
this conversation, D1 was saying she would reimburse Marc 5% if D1 was able to
take over Dr Chiam’s business and that she depended heavily on Marc’s “effort”
to do so. Dr Chiam was then P1’s client.

49 I accepted that corruption is a serious offence. This stance has been
affirmed in our courts (see Public Prosecutor v Syed Mostofa Romel [2015] 3
SLR 1166 at [13]). Nevertheless, I did not think that the circumstances in
this case justified a departure from the Riddick principle. It is not unusual,
in a claim of the nature brought by the Plaintiffs (ie, for breach of
confidence and diversion of business), that the perpetrators would engage in
some acts that may be considered corrupt, and which would form the gravamen of
the plaintiff’s complaint and the factual basis of his action. But it does not
follow that in every such case, documents disclosed in the civil suit should
invariably be made available to the authorities to investigate into possible
corruption offences. Apart from examining the nature of the offence itself
(ie, whether the offence is in itself a serious one), the court should also
consider whether the particular circumstances are serious enough that the
public interest in reporting the offence and prosecuting the offender would
outweigh the public interest in encouraging full disclosure of documents and
protecting their confidentiality. In this case, although the WhatsApp messages
may, on one reading, suggest that D1 was attempting to get Marc to help her
divert business from P1, they are bereft of crucial details that would
demonstrate the severity of the situation and therefore assist the Plaintiffs
to surmount the high hurdle of displacing the Riddick principle. The
Plaintiffs did not adduce any evidence of the severity of the damage to them
as a result of these attempted corrupt acts, or the amount of gratification
that Marc would (or did) eventually receive.

50 This was also a case where there would be an adequate civil remedy for the
Plaintiffs. In the Suit, they have sought damages and an account of profits
and payment of all sums found due upon taking an account for, amongst others,
the Defendants’ breach of contractual duties and/or duties of good faith and
fidelity.

51 All matters considered, I refused the Plaintiffs leave to be released from
the undertaking in relation to the documents that purported to disclose an
offence under s 6(b) of the PCA.

Offences under the Computer Misuse Act

52 Next, the Plaintiffs sought leave to disclose some 20 extracts of hardcopy
pharmaceutical formulas, formulations and order sheets found in D1’s
possession. The contents of these documents belonged to the Plaintiffs. Some
of them even referred to “Amber”. The Plaintiffs claimed that D1 had inserted
her personal thumb drive into P1’s computer without authorisation and
downloaded these documents, which were later seized under the search orders.

53 Even if the above acts could potentially fall within s 3(1) of the CMA,
taking all the relevant factors into account, I did not consider the
circumstances of the case to be serious enough to warrant a departure from the
Riddick principle. Offences under s 3(1) of the CMA have a wide range of
culpability. Whilst a large number of documents were seized from the
Defendants, with many of these containing confidential information or trade
secrets, these documents were (as the Plaintiffs themselves stated) taken
“indiscriminately” without any deliberate targeting of especially sensitive
information. In view of this, although the potential for damage or mischief
caused to the Plaintiffs undeniably exists, what could potentially have
amounted to an aggravating factor should be applied sensibly in the context of
the case. Additionally, the Plaintiffs have an eyewitness, their sales and
operations manager (Chua), who saw D1 inserting her thumb drive into P1’s
computer, and a report of an IT technology consultant (Cheng) who had examined
P1’s computer to show that an external device was plugged into the computer.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Thaddeus’ 1st affidavit at [56]–[57]; Cheng Haoming’s affidavit dated 15 March
2018.

There is nothing to suggest that the Plaintiffs are precluded from relying on
Chua’s account or Cheng’s analysis and findings to make reports to the
relevant authorities if they so choose.

54 Finally, the Plaintiffs brought numerous claims against the defendants in
the Suit, these being breach of contract, breach of confidence, conspiracy to
injure the Plaintiffs by removing their confidential information and trade
secrets to set up a business in competition, and infringement of copyright.
They have claimed damages and an account of profits as well as various
injunctions, including to restrain the defendants from using the Plaintiffs’
information and trade secrets. In my view, they have an adequate civil remedy,
and the offences which they wanted the authorities to investigate mirrored the
civil wrongs that they have claimed in the Suit.

55 In this connection, I had regard to Websyte Corp Pty Ltd (ACN 097 870 936)
v Alexander and Another (2012) 95 IPR 344 (“Websyte”). The applicant sued its
employees (R) for reproducing its software for use in their business giving
rise to various claims such as infringements of copyright, and breach of duty
of confidence (“the suit”). The applicant obtained a search order against R.
There was an express undertaking not to use without leave of court the
information other than for the purpose of the suit. Subsequently it informed
the police it wished to press charges against R (for unauthorised access and
modification of restricted data in a computer) and provided the statement of
claim of the suit, which contained information obtained as a result of the
search order. It then sought to be released from its undertaking to disclose
the emails and contents of R’s computer server (seized under the search order)
to the police. The court did not grant leave, as the offences being
investigated corresponded with civil wrongs in relation to which the applicant
was suing on, and involved the infringement of private rights rather than
conduct which injured the community or alleged criminal conduct which may be
in the greater public interest to uncover (at [17]).

56 In the round, I refused the Plaintiffs leave to be released from the
undertaking in relation to the documents that purported to disclose alleged
offences under s 3(1) of the CMA.

Privilege against self-incrimination

57 The Defendants relied on the privilege against self-incrimination
pertaining to the documents that the Plaintiffs sought disclosure of, for
purposes of reporting possible offences under the EFMA and PCA. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Notes of Evidence of 24 June 2019.

I considered the privilege only in relation to the documents that may show
possible offences under the EFMA, as this was the only category of documents
which I had granted the Plaintiffs leave to be released from the undertaking.

58 Before the privilege against self-incrimination can be claimed successfully
by a person, it must be shown that there is a real risk that the incriminating
answers would expose the person to arrest or prosecution for a criminal
offence. However, the privilege can be waived, such as where the person
answers a question (which may tend to incriminate him) without claiming the
privilege (Guccio Gucci SpA v Sukhdav Singh and other suits [1991] 2 SLR(R)
823 at [20]).

59 In the present case, I found that the Defendants had waived the privilege.
In coming to my decision on the issue, whilst D1 and D2 are separate persons
(and hence entitled to raise the privilege separately), D1’s acts in this case
represented D2 and counsel for D1 and D2 (Mr Pereira) did not argue that
privilege operated differently for D1 and D2.

60 I rejected Mr Pereira’s assertion that there was never an occasion whereby
the Defendants were presented with the opportunity to raise the right against
self-incrimination. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DS at [115] and [117].

The search orders contained express provisions for the Defendants to obtain
legal advice and to vary or discharge the search orders. There was no
indication that D1 objected to the search and removal of documents at the
material time. The supervising solicitor who conducted the search at D1’s
residence (Mr Silvester) deposed 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Silvester’s affidavit dated 23 May 2018 at [6]–[7].

that he had explained the nature and consequences of the search order to D1
and that she had confirmed her understanding of the contents of the search
order. He also informed D1 that she had the right to consult with a lawyer and
had a two-hour window before the search would begin. Mr Silvester attested
that D1 then proceeded to make a phone call and shortly after, told him that
the search could commence. The other supervising solicitor (Mr Tay) who
conducted a search at D2’s premises deposed 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Tay’s affidavit dated 22 May 2018 at [8]–[9].

that he had explained the nature and consequences of the search order to D1.
Mr Tay also stated that he allowed D1 to communicate with lawyers to obtain
advice. D1 then made a phone call, and managed to obtain advice in relation to
the search order (although she could not find a lawyer at that time to help
her set it aside) before the search proceeded. While D1 claimed (in an
affidavit filed about one year later) that Mr Silvester did not bring her
through all the orders in the search orders, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

D1’s affidavit at [40]; DS at [120].

this was a bare assertion that did not refute Mr Silvester’s explanation that
she had confirmed the understanding of the contents of the search order; nor
did she attempt to refute Mr Tay’s assertions at all.

61 Further, the standard form of the search order under “Disclosure of
information by the Defendant” stated that “Nothing in this Order shall
abrogate [the defendant’s] right against self-incrimination”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ORC 2447/2018.

D1 was literate in English and could have clarified with either the
supervising solicitors or the counsel she had called to obtain legal advice.
Not only did D1 not assert the privilege of self-incrimination at the time of
the search, she did not do so even after she had engaged lawyers to set aside
the search orders and filed an affidavit in May 2018. It was not until SUM 484
was filed that the Defendants asserted the privilege for the first time in
their affidavit of 11 March 2019, nearly a year after the search had been
conducted and documents seized. A party, on being served with a search order,
who does not object then but instead provides the information required by the
order, may be precluded thereafter from raising the point (Nikkomann Co Pte
Ltd and others v Yulean Trading Pte Ltd [1992] 2 SLR(R) 328 at [65]).

Retrospective release from implied undertaking

62 Having determined that the undertaking should be modified to allow
documents relating to the EFMA offences to be disclosed for criminal
investigation purposes, and having determined that the Defendants could no
longer assert the privilege of self-incrimination, I considered whether the
above analysis would be different where the applicant was seeking
retrospective release from the implied undertaking. The Plaintiffs submitted
that the court has power to grant leave to disclose nunc pro tunc. The
Defendants did not dispute this, but submitted that the court should exercise
its discretion to do so only in rare circumstances, especially where
disclosure was sought to further criminal investigations. The Defendants also
accepted that whether prospective leave would have been granted would be a
factor to consider in an application for retrospective leave. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DS at [99] to [101].

63 In Miller and Another v Scorey and Others [1996] 1 WLR 1122 (“Miller v
Scorey”), the plaintiffs discovered from documents disclosed by the defendants
in ongoing proceedings (“first action”) that the latter might have taken a
bribe. Concerned that the limitation period would expire, the plaintiffs
commenced fresh proceedings for the bribe (“second action”), using the
documents obtained in the first action. The court struck out the second
action. The plaintiffs were in contempt of court for breaching the implied
undertaking prohibiting the use of documents other than for the action in
which they were disclosed, and so the second action was an abuse of process.
Allowing the second action to proceed would permit the plaintiffs to take
advantage of their own wrong and consequently deny the defendants a limitation
defence that would have accrued had the plaintiffs been compelled to sue
afresh. Considering this, Rimer J stated (at 1133) that he did not find it
necessary to decide whether he had jurisdiction to grant the plaintiffs
retrospective leave, although “[i]t may be that the court does have some such
jurisdiction but, if so, it seems to [him] that the circumstances in which it
would be proper to exercise it would be rare”.

64 In The ECU Group Plc v HSBC Bank Plc & others [2018] EWHC 3045 (Comm), the
applicant sought retrospective permission to use certain documents disclosed
by the respondents in pre-action disclosure. The court held (at [12]) that
whether permission for the use of documents in fact made would have been
granted would be a very important factor, although it could not be said in the
abstract to be either necessary or sufficient. However, it would require
“something unusual about the particular facts of a case” and it would be “very
rare, for permission to be granted retrospectively that the court would not
have granted if it had been sought prospectively”.

65 In Websyte, the court did not grant retrospective leave in relation to
information contained in a statement of claim provided to the police. In
addition to the fact that the offences being investigated corresponded with
civil wrongs that the applicant was suing on and involved the infringement of
a private right (see [55] above), the court found that the applicant’s
position, in seeking the favourable exercise of the court’s discretion, had
been compromised by an act of self-help on its part (at [21]).

66 The authorities show that the court has power to grant retrospective leave,
although the court should exercise this discretion in “rare circumstances”
(see Miller v Scorey, cited in Microsoft Corp and others v SM Summit Holdings
Ltd and another and other appeals [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1017 at [50]). In the
present case, I exercised my discretion to grant retrospective leave for the
documents relating to the EFMA offences, as I considered the circumstances
justified it. This was a case in which I would have granted leave if sought
prospectively, as explained above. The purpose of the disclosure was to report
the possible commission of EFMA offences which are difficult to detect and in
the greater public interest to uncover. The offences which were to be
investigated neither corresponded with any civil wrongs that the Plaintiffs
were suing on nor involved the infringement of private rights. Further I did
not find that the Plaintiffs were motivated by an improper purpose (see [41]
above) even if they had disclosed some documents to the authorities without
first obtaining the court’s leave.

67 I clarify that my decision to grant retrospective leave applied only to the
documents (pertaining to possible offences under the EFMA) which had already
been disclosed to the relevant authorities for investigation. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See Thaddeus’ affidavit of 8 July 2019 at [14].

It did not apply to documents which have not yet been disclosed, for which I
had granted prospective leave. These included D2’s declaration to MOM to
support an application for an S-Pass for a foreign employee, CPF documents
revealing that D2 had contributed CPF to three persons who the Plaintiffs
alleged were phantom workers (see [7] above), and photographs or videos of
Lydia working (see [8] above).

The Plaintiffs’ additional request for disclosure

68 After all the written submissions had been filed and arguments made, and Mr
De Souza had confirmed that the Plaintiffs intended to rely only on the 32
documents that constitute the Documents, I adjourned the matter for decision.
The Plaintiffs then filed a further affidavit to explain which of the
documents (forming the Documents) pertaining to the EFMA offences had already
been disclosed to authorities for investigation. This was pursuant to my
directions as it was not clear to me which of the documents constituting the
Documents had already been disclosed to third parties. However, in the same
affidavit, the Plaintiffs then requested retrospective leave to disclose six
other documents (“the Additional Documents”) 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See Thaddeus’s affidavit of 8 July 2019 at [16]–[19].

.

69 I refused to deal with the Plaintiffs’ request for disclosure of the
Additional Documents in SUM 484. All the submissions and arguments had
proceeded on the basis of the Documents and none other, and the Defendants did
not have an opportunity to file a reply affidavit or make submissions on the
Additional Documents. Also, the proper course of action would have been for
the Plaintiffs to apply to the court for leave to deal with the Additional
Documents and to file an affidavit to explain their basis, with an opportunity
to the Defendants to respond.

Conclusion

70 To conclude, I allowed the implied undertaking to be modified only to
permit the disclosure of the Documents that might reveal the potential
commission of EFMA offences. This was limited to 23 of the documents
constituting the Documents. I stress that the overarching principle remains
that documents obtained via discovery or by a search order should not be used
for a purpose other than pursuing the action in respect of which the discovery
is obtained. The Beckkett conditions must be satisfied in order for the
implied undertaking to be released or modified, and the court will only
release or modify the undertaking in exceptional circumstances. Where the
release (or modification) of the implied undertaking is for criminal
investigation purposes, the court must determine if the public interest in the
prosecution of the crime and punishment of the offence outweighs the public
interest of promoting full and frank disclosure in discovery in the interest
of justice and in protecting the privacy and confidentiality of the party
ordered to give discovery.

Audrey Lim  
Judge

Tan Tee Jim SC, Christopher James De Souza, Tan Sih Im (Chen Shiyin), Lee
Junting, Basil, Chew Zhi Xuan (Lee & Lee) for the plaintiffs;  
Pereira George Barnabas and Sarah Yeo Qi Wei (Pereira & Tan LLC) for the first
and second defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

