Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 64

Criminal Case No 59 of 2018

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

BSR  
---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Fellatio by a person
under 14 years of age] — [Aggravating factors]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Prevention of Human
Trafficking Act] — [Aggravating factors]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Outrage of modesty of a
person under 14 years of age] — [Aggravating factors]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
  

v

  
  

BSR

[2019] SGHC 64

High Court — Criminal Case No 59 of 2018Chan Seng Onn J19 February 2019

12 March 2019

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The Accused’s acts are best described as monstrous. Between March 2016 to
August 2016, the Accused sexually exploited and abused three vulnerable women
in his life, whom he had every responsibility to protect. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

For The Record, 19 February 2019 (Court 4C) at 11:31.

2 The charges which the Accused pleaded guilty to speak for themselves in
showing the sordid nature of his sexual depravity and transgressions. After
considering the submissions on sentence, I took into account the relevant
sentencing principles, precedents, the charges that were taken into
consideration (being the 4th, 5th, 7th, and 8th charges) for the purposes of
sentencing, and the Accused’s plea of guilt. I sentenced the Accused as
follows:

(a) Fourteen years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the first
charge of penetrating, with his penis, the mouth of his six-year-old daughter
without her consent, an offence under s 376(1)(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Revised Edition) (“Penal Code”), punishable under s 376(4)(b) of the same
(“the 1st charge”).

(b) Six years’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane, and a fine of
$6,000 (in default 1 month’s imprisonment) for the second charge of recruiting
his wife for the purpose of sexual exploitation, by placing her in fear of
being physically assaulted if she refused to prostitute herself, an offence
under s 3(1)(a) of the Prevention of Human Trafficking Act (No 45 of 2014)
(“PHTA”), punishable under s 4(1)(a) of the same (“the 2nd charge”).

(c) Six years’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane, and a fine of
$6,000 (in default 1 month’s imprisonment) for the third charge of knowingly
receiving payments amounting to a total of $10,930 in connection with the
sexual exploitation of his wife, who was a trafficked victim at the material
time, an offence under s 6(1) PHTA, punishable under s 6(2)(a) of the same
(“the 3rd charge”).

(d) Five and a half years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for the
sixth charge of using criminal force on his 13-year-old niece by removing her
bra and T-shirt and touching and licking her breasts and nipples and kissing
her neck and face, with intent to outrage her modesty. In order to facilitate
the offence, he wrongfully restrained his niece by pushing and pinning her to
the bed, thereby committing an offence punishable under s 354A(2)(b) of the
Penal Code (“the 6th charge”).

3 Thereafter, considering the one-transaction rule and the totality principle,
I ordered the sentences for the 1st, 2nd and 6th charges to run consecutively,
while the sentence for the 3rd charge was to run concurrently. The Accused’s
global sentence was 25 and a half years’ imprisonment, 24 strokes of the cane
and a $12,000 fine (in default 2 months’ imprisonment).

4 Dissatisfied, the Accused has appealed against the sentence for being
manifestly excessive. I therefore detail the grounds of my decision herein.

Facts

5 The bare charges belie the severity of the Accused’s misdeeds, which warrant
exposition in detail.

6 The Statement of Facts which the Accused pleaded guilty to without
qualification disclosed the following:

1 The Accused is 27-year[s]-old … At the material time of the offences, the
Accused was unemployed

2 The Victims are:

a. the Accused’s biological daughter, … who was 6 years old at the time of the
offence;

b. the Accused’s niece, … who was 13 years old at the time of the offences;
and

c. the Accused’s wife, … she is also [the Accused’s niece’s] aunt.

…

Facts relating to the 1st Charge

(Sexual assault by penetration of a person under 14 years of age)

6 The assault involving [the Accused’s daughter] occurred … while the Accused
and his family were residing at the Hotel … On the material date, the Accused
had engaged in a round of sexual intercourse with [his wife] when she left the
bed to use the toilet. The Accused’s 6-year-old daughter … and 4-month-old son
… were lying on a separate mattress next to the bed. The Accused, who was in a
state of arousal post-intercourse, noticed that [his daughter] was awake and
beckoned her to come to him, with the intention of making her suck his penis.
At the time, the Accused was wearing only a T-shirt, with his genital area
completely exposed.

7 On her father’s instructions, [the Accused’s daughter] obediently made her
way to the bed. The Accused instructed [his daughter] to sit in between his
legs and pushed her head towards his penis. When [his daughter] resisted and
tried to shy away from her father’s penis, the Accused forcibly inserted his
penis into [his daughter’s] mouth and demanded that she suck his penis on the
count of three. [His daughter] felt like vomiting as the Accused’s penis had
penetrated her throat too deeply, and she refused to comply with the Accused’s
demands to suck his penis. Notwithstanding [his daughter’s] refusal, the
Accused forcibly gripped [her] hair and guided her head in an up-and-down
motion to achieve his objective. Although [his daughter] tried to push the
Accused away, she was unsuccessful and was thus forced to fellate the Accused
against her will.

8 … The entire episode of forced fellatio lasted several minutes and comprised
multiple penetrations. After the assault, the Accused warned [his wife] and
[his daughter] not to tell anyone about what had happened, and threatened to
beat them up if they dared to disobey him. [His daughter] felt scared as a
result of the incident and was afraid of sleeping alone. She also felt angry
at the Accused for violating her in this fashion.

9 At the time of the incident, the Accused suspected that he had a sexually
transmitted disease (“STD”) as he had been experiencing uncommon white
discharge from his urethra, in addition to dysuria (painful or difficult
urination). Fearing that he had contracted an STD, the Accused proceeded to
seek medical treatment … after his arrest, … he was formally diagnosed with an
STD. Despite his suspicions that he had contracted an STD – which were
subsequently confirmed – the Accused nevertheless callously forced [his
daughter] to fellate him, thus placing her at risk of contracting an STD
herself …

Background to the offences against [his wife]

…

13 The Accused and [his wife] entered into a relationship in 2008 and married
in 2012. The Accused began physically abusing [her] in 2009 over trivial
matters. Over time, the assaults against [her], which involved slapping her
face, pulling her hair, hitting her head against the cupboard as well as
kicking and punching her body and face, increased in both frequency and
severity. From June 2015, the Accused assaulted [his wife] at least once a
week. The abuse persisted throughout [her] pregnancies.

14 The abuse caused [his wife] to be very fearful of the Accused. [His wife]
was so afraid of him that she no longer dared to use her handphone or contact
her own family members as the Accused explicitly disallowed her from doing so.
[His wife] was also constantly stressed as she had to listen very carefully to
the Accused for fear that she would make a mistake when complying with his
directions to her, and risk getting physically assaulted again. [His wife] did
not report the abuse to the Police as the Accused had previously threatened to
kill her if she made the abuse known.

Facts relating to the 2nd Charge

(Procuring a woman for the purpose of prostitution)

…

16 In July 2016, … the Accused suggested that [his wife] prostitute herself to
pay for their infant son’s diapers, milk powder and other general household
expense. The Accused rejected [his wife’s] request to apply for a normal job
and insisted that prostitution was a quick and lucrative means of earning
money to sustain their family. However, the Accused himself remained
unemployed at the time. He rejected the notion that he had to work to earn
money for the family, and instead demanded that [his wife] support their
household as the sole breadwinner by prostituting herself for profit.

17 When [his wife] resisted the Accused’s demands to prostitute herself, he
badgered her persistently for three days knowing that she was afraid of him as
she told him she did not want to be assaulted again. [His wife] eventually
succumbed to his pressure, fearing that the Accused’s physical assaults would
intensify if she continued to disobey him. She also needed money to buy milk
powder for their infant son who was then only 3 months old.

18 On the Accused’s instructions, [his wife] began soliciting for customers
[online]. The Accused was familiar with the online prostitution trade as he
had frequented various online platforms to engage prostitutes for himself.

…

20 … The Accused also forced his wife to abide by a daily quota of customers.
If the quota was not met, she had to compensate for it the following day by
securing more customers.

21 In addition to prostituting herself, the Accused directed [his wife] to
secretly record her sexual acts with customers and demanded that she provide
these recordings to him thereafter. The Accused did so as he had a deviant
fetish for seeing his wife engaging in sexual acts with other men. [His wife]
complied with each of the Accused’s demands out of fear.

22 The Accused closely monitored [his wife’s] movements throughout the period
of prostitution (June to 19 August 2016) and would scold and assault her if
she failed to respond to his calls, secure enough customers, or earn enough
money. On one occasion, when [his wife] was trying to solicit for customers
online, the Accused kicked her head as he felt she was taking too long. He
then rained punches on her. On another occasion, the Accused punched [his
wife’s] left ear, causing it to bleed. There were also instances when the
Accused punched [his wife] on her face because he was jealous due to the
sexual positions she adopted when engaging in intercourse with her customers,
or when her clients paid her less than the agreed-upon amount.

23 In yet another incident, the Accused insisted that [his wife] provide
sexual services to a former classmate [of hers] who had engaged her services
[without] knowing who she was. The Accused demanded that [his wife] either
take her [former] classmate’s money and leave, or persuade him to engage in a
threesome with them. The Accused was dissatisfied when [his wife] opted for
the former, and punched her repeatedly until she acquiesced to his demand for
a threesome.

24 On the Accused’s instructions, [his wife] met her [former] classmate in the
hotel room whilst the Accused hid in the bathroom. As [his wife] fellated her
[former] classmate, the Accused emerged from the toilet and watched the duo.
When the customer left, the Accused began punching [his wife] as he was
unhappy that she had failed to persuade her [former] classmate to engage in a
threesome. In the course of the altercation, the Accused hit [his wife] with a
dumbbell and demanded that she solicit for more customers.

25 Desperate to appease the Accused, [his wife] complied and began looking for
more customers online, albeit unsuccessfully. She eventually pacified the
Accused by fellating him until he fell asleep.

26 Investigations revealed that the Accused’s physical and verbal abuse of
[his wife] persisted throughout the period of prostitution …

Facts relating to the 3rd Charge

(Receiving payment in connection with exploitation of trafficked victim)

27 … Between June 2016 and 19 August 2016, [his wife] provided sexual services
to approximately 138 customers, serving an average of 3 to 5 customers a day.
She earned an estimated $10,930 and handed all her earnings to the Accused.

…

Facts relating to the 6th Charge

(Outraging the modesty of [his niece] on 1 August 2016)

…

31 … on 1 August 2016, the Accused insisted that [his wife] bring her niece …
to him. … Fearful of the Accused’s threats, [his wife] eventually complied
with the Accused’s demands …

…

33 [His wife] took [her niece] to [the Hotel] which she had booked on the
Accused’s instructions. … the Accused direct[ed] her to instruct [her niece]
to take a shower. While [her niece] was having a shower, [his wife] left the
room, met the Accused in the lobby, handed him the room key and told him not
to hurt [her niece]. …

34 The Accused proceeded to [the Hotel room], undressed himself and waited for
[his niece] to finish her shower. When [his niece] emerged from the toilet,
the Accused hugged her from behind, pushed her onto the bed, climbed atop her
and pinned her to the bed with his body. Despite [his niece’s] repeated
attempts at resisting the Accused, he managed to remove her T-shirt and bra
and began touching, fondling and squeezing her breasts. He then licked her
nipples and breasts and kissed her neck and face.

35 [His niece] cried throughout and despite efforts to push the Accused away,
was unable to do so. When she tried to shout for help, he covered her mouth
and nose with his hand. He then placed a pillow over her face to muffle her
screams. After a while, [his niece] stopped struggling as she could no longer
breathe. The Accused panicked, ceased the sexual assault on his niece and
removed the pillow. He then called [his wife] and asked her to return to the
room.

7 The Accused’s psychiatric reports from the Institute of Mental Health
(“IMH”) disclosed that he was somewhat boastful of his sexual exploits. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Facts, Annex B at [17].

Dr Cheow Enquan (“Dr Cheow”) also opined in his report on the Accused dated 16
September 2016 that the Accused “continues to pose a risk to his daughter”,
and “also a high risk of violence towards his wife”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Facts, Annex B at [25].

Furthermore, Dr Cheow opined that “[f]ollow up at IMH will be of limited
benefit as [the Accused] does not have a treatable mental disorder.” 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Facts, Annex B at [26].

In a separate report dated 29 November 2018, Dr Cheow took the view that there
was also no contributory link between the Accused’s mental state and the
alleged offences. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Facts, Annex C at [25].

8 The Accused’s mother, who had made the police report against the Accused,
also noticed that her grand-daughter (the Accused’s daughter) was “very
disturbed and tearful after returning from” the hotel stay with her parents. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Facts, Annex B at [21].

When asked what had happened to her, the Accused’s daughter told her
grandmother that “the accused had done something bad to her, as per the
alleged offence.” 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of Facts, Annex B at [21].

9 Atop the four proceeded charges, the other four charges taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing involved occasions whereby the
Accused voluntarily caused hurt to his wife (4th and 5th charges) and outraged
the modesty of the same 13-year-old niece by rubbing and touching her breast
with his hand in a cinema on two separate occasions (7th and 8th charges).

The sentence for the 1st charge of forced fellatio

10 The 1st charge involved the Accused forcing his 6-year-old daughter to
fellate him against her will.

11 In this regard, the mandatory minimum sentence that the Accused could
receive was eight years’ imprisonment with 12 strokes of the cane (s 376(4)(b)
of the Penal Code).

12 In Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1015 (“Pram Nair”), the Court
of Appeal transposed the framework for rape to the offence of digital
penetration, and proposed the following sentencing bands (at [159]):

(a) Band 1: seven to ten years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane;

(b) Band 2: ten to 15 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane;

(c) Band 3: 15 to 20 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

13 While I was cognisant of the differences between digital-vaginal
penetration and penile-oral penetration in the present case, I found that the
framework proposed in Pram Nair was a useful starting point for cases of
penile-oral penetration, which is generally regarded as more severe than
digital-vaginal penetration (see Public Prosecutor v BMD [2013] SGHC 235 at
[73]) and is covered by the same penal provision (s 376 of the Penal Code).

14 Applying the Pram Nair framework, the Accused’s act of forced fellatio
against his own daughter fell within the highest end of Band 2, or even Band
3. As the court in Pram Nair observed at [160], “where the offence [of sexual
assault by penetration] is committed against a person under 14 years of age (s
376(4)(b)) – there is a prescribed minimum sentence of eight years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. These cases should fall within Band 2
(or even Band 3 if there are additional aggravating factors)” [emphasis
added].

15 In this case, the aggravating factors were aplenty.

16 First, the Accused exploited an extremely vulnerable victim in his own
biological daughter, who was only 6-years-old at the time of the offence and
almost entirely defenceless against him during the course of the assault, as
evinced by her futile attempts at resisting the Accused’s persistent advances.
As See Kee Oon J (“See J”) observed in GBR v Public Prosecutor and another
appeal [2018] 3 SLR 1048 (“GBR v PP”) at [29(f)]:

I note that s 354(2) is itself a provision that deals with outrage of modesty
of a child below the age of 14. However, … although the enhanced framework
represents a general position that offences against minors should be dealt
with more severely than those against non-minors, the framework did not intend
to treat all offences against minors equally. The aggravating factor of young
age would, in relation to enhanced offences, apply if the victim concerned was
materially younger than the stipulated age ceiling, and in a graduated manner
depending on how much younger the victim was … if the offence were, for
example, perpetrated against a toddler, this would be more aggravated than
that against an older child for the reason that the toddler would be
defenceless and unable to extricate himself or herself from the situation.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

17 Second, there was an abuse of a position of trust of the highest order. The
Accused was the biological father of the victim, his daughter, and was thus
“in a position of responsibility towards” her (Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”) at [44(b)]). Instead of protecting
his own daughter from harm, the Accused flagrantly abused his position as the
victim’s father, forcing her to fellate him against her own will. When she
resisted, the Accused “forcibly gripped [her] hair and guided her head in an
up-and-down motion to achieve his objective” 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of Facts at [7].

of having her fellate him. After several minutes of forcing her to fellate
him, during which he also penetrated her mouth multiple times with his penis,
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of Facts at [8].

the Accused then sought to leverage on his position of power over his daughter
by threatening to beat her if she dared to tell anyone. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Statement of Facts at [8].

The entire chain of events speak for themselves in showing the Accused’s
despicable misuse of his position of trust as the victim’s biological father,
and cannot be condoned in any way.

18 Overlaying the Accused’s abuse of his position of trust was the Accused’s
propensity for preying on vulnerable women who were the close to him, and who
did not have the physical and/or psychological will to resist his sordid acts.
As the charges disclosed, apart from sexually assaulting his own daughter, the
Accused had sexually assaulted his young niece on at least three occasions
(forming the 6th to 8th charges). Furthermore, he had physically and verbally
abused his own wife to the point that she became compliant to his every
demand, going so far as to prostitute herself. This demonstrated the Accused’s
disregard for his privilege (and the responsibilities that flow from it) as
the parent, uncle, or husband to the women in his life, whom he callously
utilised for his own means.

19 Third, in the course of achieving his desired fellatio, the Accused
blatantly disregarded his daughter’s welfare. In Terence Ng, the Court of
Appeal considered at [44(i)] that it would be aggravating for a sexual
offender to assault his victim with knowledge that he is suffering from a
life-threatening sexually transmitted disease (“STD”). Here, while the Accused
had not yet been diagnosed with a STD at the material time, he suspected that
he had a STD due to the visible uncommon white discharge coming from his
urethra, as well as the dysuria (painful or difficult urination) which he
felt. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Statement of Facts at [9].

The Accused’s suspicions ought to have been further aroused considering that
he frequently engaged prostitutes, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Statements of Facts at [18].

thereby increasing his susceptibility to contracting a STD. Notwithstanding
the warning signs, the Accused forced his daughter to fellate him for several
minutes, exposing her to the risk of contracting a potentially incurable STD
at her young age.

20 While I noted that due weight must be given to the Accused for having
spared the victim additional suffering through his plea of guilt (Chang Kar
Meng v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 68 at [47]), I found that a sentence of
14 years’ imprisonment (falling within the highest end of Band 2 in the Pram
Nair framework) with 12 strokes of the cane (the mandatory minimum under s
376(4)(b) of the Penal Code) was commensurate with the severity of the
aggravating factors in this case.

The sentences for the 2nd and 3rd charges of forcing his wife into
prostitution and receiving the proceeds

21 The 2nd charge related to the Accused’s coercion of his wife into
prostitution by placing her in fear of being physically assaulted if she
refused to do so. The 3rd charge related to his receipt of the payments
derived from his wife’s prostitution, as his wife was a trafficked victim for
the purposes of the PHTA at the material time.

22 As disclosed in the Statement of Facts (at [6] above), the Accused was able
to coerce his wife into prostitution in 2016 due to a long history of physical
and verbal abuse, which began in 2009. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Statement of Facts at [13].

The abuse persisted throughout her pregnancies with the Accused’s and her
children, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Statement of Facts at [13].

and the Accused threatened to kill her if she reported the abuse to the
authorities. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Statement of Facts at [14].

Throughout the prolonged abuse, the Accused’s wife suffered in silence due to
her fear of the Accused, and became compliant with his demands. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Statement of Facts at [14] – [26].

23 In determining the appropriate sentences for the 2nd and 3rd charges, I
considered Poh Boon Kiat v Public Prosecutor [2014] 4 SLR 892 (“Poh Boon
Kiat”), where Sundaresh Menon CJ (“Menon CJ”) proffered a sentencing framework
for prostitution and vice-related offences under ss 140 and 146 of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed).

24 Although the Accused was charged under the PHTA, which carries more severe
penalties than ss 140 and 146 of the Women’s Charter, the respective
provisions bore similarities as they dealt with sexual exploitation and living
off the earnings of such exploitation. In this regard, the material portions
of ss 140 and 146 of the Women’s Charter provide:

Offences relating to prostitution

140.—(1) Any person who —

…

(c) by threats or intimidation procures any woman or girl to

have carnal connection except by way of marriage with any

male person either within or without Singapore;

…

shall be guilty of an offence and shall on conviction be punished with
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years and shall also be liable to a
fine not exceeding $10,000.

Persons living on or trading in prostitution, etc.

146.—(1) Any person who knowingly lives wholly or in part on the earnings of
the prostitution of another person (being a woman or girl) shall be guilty of
an offence and shall on conviction be punished with imprisonment for a term
not exceeding 5 years and shall also be liable to a fine not exceeding
$10,000. …

25 Similarly, the material provisions of the PHTA that the Accused was charged
under provide:

Trafficking in persons

3.—(1) Any person who recruits, transports, transfers, harbours or receives an
individual (other than a child) by means of —

(a) the threat or use of force, or any other form of coercion;

…

for the purpose of the exploitation (whether in Singapore or elsewhere) of the
individual shall be guilty of an offence.

Punishment for trafficking in persons

4.—(1) Any person who is guilty of an offence under section 3, upon conviction
—

(a) in the case of a first offence, shall be punished with a fine not
exceeding $100,000 and with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 10 years,
and shall be liable to caning not exceeding 6 strokes …

Persons who receive payments in connection with exploitation of trafficked
victims

6.—(1) Any person who knowingly receives any payment in connection with the
actual or intended exploitation in Singapore of a trafficked victim shall be
guilty of an offence.

(2) Any person who is guilty of an offence under subsection (1), upon
conviction —

(a) in the case of a first offence, shall be punished with a fine not
exceeding $100,000 and with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 10 years,
and shall be liable to caning not exceeding 6 strokes; …

26 “Exploitation” under s 3(1) PHTA includes “sexual exploitation”, which
means “the involving of the individual in prostitution … or the provision of
any other form of sexual service…” (s 2 PHTA).

27 Given the similarities between the respective Women’s Charter and PHTA
provisions, I therefore found Poh Boon Kiat and the aggravating factors listed
by Menon CJ to be an instructive starting point in determining the appropriate
sentence for the Accused.

28 In Poh Boon Kiat, Menon CJ considered that the sentence ought to be
determined by considering “(a) the culpability of the offender in carrying out
the offence and (b) the harm resulting from the offender’s actions” (Poh Boon
Kiat at [74]). Adopting the harm/culpability matrix, cases involving the most
serious level of culpability and harm were termed by Menon CJ as “Cat 1 Harm/A
Culpability” cases. Cat 1 Harm/A Culpability cases carried a starting sentence
of three years and six months’ imprisonment, with an indicative sentencing
range of two years and six months to five years’ imprisonment, after
accounting for the mitigating and aggravating factor in each case (Poh Boon
Kiat at [77]).

29 I considered that the Accused’s acts fell under Cat 1 Harm/A Culpability.

High level of culpability

30 First, the Accused had a high level of culpability, as he had secured his
wife’s entry into the trade through violence and threats (see Poh Boon Kiat at
[75(c)]), which persisted even after his wife had entered the trade on his
demand.

31 As the Statement of Facts disclosed, after his wife had initially resisted
his demands for her to prostitute herself, “he badgered her persistently for
three days knowing that she was afraid of him as she told him [that] she did
not want to be assaulted again.” 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Statement of Facts at [17].

The background to this was a long history of violence towards his wife that
started in 2009, and persisted through her pregnancies, causing her to be so
afraid of him that “she no longer dared to use her handphone or contact her
own family members as the Accused explicitly disallowed her from doing so.” 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Statement of Facts at [13] – [14].

32 The violence persisted even after his wife had succumbed to his demands for
her to prostitute herself, and the Accused “would scold and assault her if she
failed to respond to his calls, secure enough customers or earn enough money.”
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Statement of Facts at [22].

On one particularly egregious occasion, his wife had been engaged by a former
classmate of hers. The Accused punched his wife repeatedly until she
acquiesced to his demand for a threesome between himself, his wife, and the
former classmate. However, when his desired threesome did not materialise, the
Accused began punching his wife, and, in the course of the altercation, hit
her with a dumbbell and demanded that she solicit more customers. To appease
him, his wife had to fellate him until he fell asleep. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of Facts at [23] – [25].

33 The prolonged violence against his wife so that she would be subservient to
his demands in relation to her prostitution undoubtedly pointed to his high
level of culpability.

Domestic nature of the offence does not reduce the Accused’s culpability

34 However, counsel for the Accused, Mr Ng Boon Gan (“Mr Ng”), suggested that
the Accused’s crime ought to fall on the low end of the culpability spectrum,
given that it was not a transnational crime. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

For the Record, Court 4C (19 February 2019) at 10:50:50.

In this regard, Mr Ng pointed out that the PHTA was passed to address “a
lucrative transnational crime” (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report (3 November 2014) vol 92 (Mr Christopher de Souza, Deputy Speaker)
(“PHTA Debates”)).

35 While the driving force for the PHTA may have been to curb transnational
trafficking of persons, the broad statutory provisions, which do not
distinguish between transnational or entirely domestic cases of trafficking,
demonstrates that the Act was intended to weed out all forms of human
trafficking, however committed. As the Deputy Speaker observed in the PHTA
Debates:

[H]uman trafficking is real; it is cruel; and it must be stemmed. We, as a
society, must speak up for the voiceless and helpless by sending as strong a
signal as we can against these serious crimes. Indeed, this is the ethos of
the Bill. To prevent TIP (trafficking-in-persons) from taking root in our
community, our laws have to be comprehensive yet targeted, possess sufficient
bite to punish perpetrators and deter would-be offenders, and offer protection
and support to those in need. … [The Bill] raises our standards of fighting
TIP both locally and internationally … [emphasis added]

36 Hence, to hold that trafficking of an entirely domestic nature reduces the
Accused’s culpability would fly in the face of the intention of the PHTA,
which seeks to comprehensively deter trafficking, both “locally and
internationally”.

37 This is supported by s 4(2)(g) of the PHTA, which provides that “[i]n
determining the appropriate sentence for an offence [of trafficking in
persons], the court may take into account the aggravating factors … including
the following: … (g) the offender was the trafficked victim’s spouse”. Cases
involving the trafficking of one’s own spouse, as in the present, are likely
to lack transnational characteristics. Yet, the Act expressly provides that
such forms of trafficking may be considered aggravated.

38 As a result, I found that the Accused’s culpability was not lowered simply
because the trafficking was entirely domestic in this case.

High level of harm

39 I also found that the degree of harm inflicted on his wife was of a high
level.

40 Apart from using persistent violence against her, he also levelled
systematic psychological abuse against her (Poh Boon Kiat at [76(a)(iii)]),
making her do degrading and dangerous things such as secretly recording her
sexual acts with customers and to provide such recordings to the Accused so as
to satisfy his deviant fetish of seeing his wife engaging in sexual acts with
other men. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Statement of Facts at [21].

41 Furthermore, “the court should also treat as a serious aggravating factor
evidence of excessive wage reduction” (Poh Boon Kiat at [83]). In this
respect, the Accused had imposed a daily quota of customers on his wife. If
the quota was not met, she would have to secure more customers the following
day to compensate for the shortfall. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Statement of Facts at [20].

As a result of his demands, the Accused’s wife provided sexual services to
about 138 customers, serving an average of three to five customers a day in
the short span of less than three months (from June 2016 to 19 August 2016).
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Statement of Facts at [27].

During this period, the Accused’s wife “earned an estimated $10,930 and handed
all her earnings to the Accused” [emphasis added]. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Statement of Facts at [27].

As his wife had no other job at the material time, she was essentially without
wage for her work as a prostitute.

42 While the Accused alleged in his defence that he had taken the earnings as
he was mainly motivated “to ensure that there was sufficient cash for his
infant son’s needs”, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Mitigation Plea at [6].

I was not convinced.

43 In particular, had the Accused been so driven to provide for his infant
son’s needs, he would have sought, or at least attempt to seek, a job for
himself. Instead of doing so, he rejected his wife’s request that she apply
for a job rather than prostitute herself, and further “rejected the notion
that he had to work to earn money for the family”, remaining unemployed
throughout the period he had forced his wife into prostitution. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Statement of Facts at [16].

PHTA aggravating factors

44 In addition, there were two relevant aggravating factors that the court
could take into account in determining the appropriate sentence under s 4(2)
PHTA.

45 First, the Accused had actually used a weapon on his wife, being the
dumbbell, while she was the subject of his sexual exploitation (s 4(2)(e)
PHTA).

46 Second, the Accused had committed the offence against his own wife, which
is singled out as an aggravating factor under s 4(2)(g) PHTA (see above at
[37]).

The appropriate sentence for the PHTA charges

47 Having considered that the harm and culpability inflicted by the Accused
was high, the indicative sentencing range for both the 2nd and 3rd charges in
relation to the trafficking of his wife would have been between two years and
six months’ imprisonment to five years’ imprisonment had he been charged under
ss 140 and 146 of the Women’s Charter (Poh Boon Kiat at [77]).

48 Here, however, the Accused was charged under the PHTA, which carries more
severe penalties, including imprisonment of up to 10 years and to caning. It
is trite that the sentencing judge ought to consider the full spectrum of
sentences enacted by Parliament in determining the appropriate sentence (Poh
Boon Kiat at [60], citing Ong Chee Eng v Public Prosecutor [2012] 3 SLR 776 at
[24]).

49 In Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Khairulanwar Bin Rohmat (DAC 914550/2015
and others) (unreported) (“Muhammad Khairulanwar”), 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Prosecution’s Bundle of Authorities, Tab H.

the accused had persuaded two minors to take up prostitution jobs. While there
was no evidence of threat or force used on them, there was some element of
coercion, as the accused had continued to message the minors after their
initial encounter with the intention of convincing them to accept prostitution
jobs. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Prosecution’s Bundle of Authorities, Tab H, p 172 at para 10; p 174 at paras
22 – 24.

However, apart from occasions whereby the minors had engaged in sexual acts
with the accused himself on the pretext of determining their suitability to
being introduced to his other clients, the minors did not provide sexual
services to any of the accused’s clients. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Prosecution’s Bundle of Authorities, Tab H, p 172 at paras 7 – 8; p 175 at
para 27.

50 For his PHTA offences, the accused, who pleaded guilty, was sentenced to 36
months’ imprisonment and a fine of $10,000 in relation to the first minor, and
39 months’ imprisonment and a fine of $10,000 in relation to the second minor.
Both sentences were to run consecutively. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Prosecution’s Bundle of Authorities, Tab H, p 170.

51 In this case, the Accused had, against a backdrop of prolonged domestic
violence, forced his wife into prostitution. During the period of her
prostitution, he continued to inflict violence on her for various reasons,
including to ensure that she met the quota of clients he had stipulated for
her, or so that she would give in to his demands. He further ensured that
additional trauma and degradation would be visited on her by insisting that
she secretly film her sexual acts with her customers, and that she provide
those recordings to him thereafter. It is patently obvious that the accused’s
culpability far exceeds that of the offender in Muhammad Khairulanwar.

52 Having considered the high level of harm and culpability of the Accused as
detailed above, as well as the full sentencing range provided under ss 4 and 6
of the PHTA, I sentenced the Accused to 6 years’ imprisonment and 3 strokes of
the cane and a fine of $6,000 (in default 1 month’s imprisonment) for each of
his PHTA charges (ie, the 2nd and 3rd charges). The $6,000 fines were imposed
to disgorge the profits which the Accused had gained by receiving about
$10,930 from his wife during the period of her prostitution.

The sentence for the 6th charge for outrage of modesty against a minor

53 The 6th charge involved the outrage of modesty of his 13-year-old niece by
removing her bra and T-shirt, touching and licking her breasts and nipples,
and kissing her neck and face. The outrage of modesty was of an aggravated
form under s 354A of the Penal Code, as, in order to facilitate the commission
of the offence, the Accused had wrongfully restrained his niece by pushing and
pinning her to the bed.

54 As his niece was under the age of 14 at the time of the offence, per s
354A(2)(b) the minimum sentence was three years’ imprisonment with caning.

55 In Public Prosecutor v BDA [2018] SGHC 72 at [77], Foo Chee Hock JC adapted
the sentencing framework adopted by See J in GBR v PP (“GBR”) (outrage of
modesty of a minor under 14 years old) to aggravated outrage of modesty under
s 354A of the Penal Code (“the adapted framework”):

(a) Band 1: two to four years’ imprisonment, with three strokes of the cane;

(b) Band 2: four to seven years’ imprisonment, with six strokes of the cane;
and

(c) Band 3: seven to 10 years’ imprisonment, with 12 strokes of the cane.

56 Applying the GBR v PP framework, there were multiple offence specific
aggravating factors in this case.

57 First, in relation to the degree of sexual exploitation (GBR v PP at [28]),
the Accused had touched, squeezed and licked his niece’s private parts, in
particular her breasts and nipples, which were exposed after he had removed
her bra and T-shirt forcefully. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Statement of Facts at [34].

He also kissed sensitive parts of her body, namely her face and neck.

58 The sexual exploitation also continued for a prolonged, rather than
fleeting period, as it went on for some time, with the victim crying
throughout. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Statement of Facts at [35].

The assault only ended after the Accused panicked as he had placed a pillow
over his niece’s head to muffle her screams, causing her to stop struggling
and screaming as she was unable to breathe. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Statement of Facts at [35].

59 Furthermore, the offence was clearly premeditated (GBR v PP at [29(a)]). As
disclosed by the 7th and 8th charges which were taken into consideration, the
Accused had outraged the modesty of his niece by touching and rubbing her
breasts on two earlier occasions. Fuelled by this, the Accused then demanded
that his wife, who was subservient to his demands due to her fear of him, pick
his niece up from school and bring her to the hotel, which she had booked on
the Accused’s instructions. At the hotel, as per his instructions, his wife
then brought his niece to the room to shower, and left the room to pass the
Accused the keys to the room. When left in the room with his niece alone, the
Accused accordingly undressed, and waited for his niece to finish her shower.
After which, the Accused proceeded to assault her. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Statement of Facts at [31] – [34].

The chain of events show that the offence was clearly premeditated.

60 Additionally, there was use of force or violence (GBR v PP at [29(b)]), as
the Accused had pinned his niece to the bed, and covered her face with a
pillow in an attempt to muffle her screams.

61 The offence also occurred in an intra-familial setting, whereby deterrence
is of particular importance, as the victim may face additional pressure not to
come forward “out of an instinctive albeit misguided reaction to preserve the
unity of the family and to avoid the publicity and shame that inevitably
ensues from such a conviction.” (Public Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849
(“PP v NF”) at [40])

62 This difficulty of coming out was apparent in the present case. Here, the
victim missed her Primary School Leaving Examinations (“PSLE”) as a result of
the Accused’s demand that his wife was to pick the victim up from school on
the morning of the offence. Fortunately, her principal made special
arrangements for the victim to sit for her PSLE examination in the afternoon
on the same day. Despite the distressing ordeal which would have properly
explained her absence, the victim did not recount the events that had unfolded
earlier to her principal, and instead sat for her examination, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Statement of Facts at [36].

with her psyche likely afflicted by the traumatic event.

63 Finally, while no victim impact statement was understandably proffered so
as to not inflict any further trauma on the victim by requiring her to recount
the event, at least some harm to the Accused’s niece can be gleaned from the
Statement of Facts. First, she had “cried throughout [the ordeal] and despite
efforts to push the Accused away, was unable to do so.” 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Statement of Facts at [35].

His niece also suffered scratches to her face in the immediate aftermath of
the assault, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Statement of Facts at [36].

and had a pillow placed over her face to muffle her screams to the point that
she could no longer breathe. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Statement of Facts at [35].

64 As See J observed in GBR v PP at [34], cases “involving the skin-to-skin
touching of the victim’s private parts of sexual organs” would fall at the
higher end of the spectrum of Band 2 cases. Furthermore, cases with two or
more aggravating factors would invariably fall within Band 2.

65 Here, there were multiple aggravating factors atop the skin-to-skin
touching of the victim’s breasts and nipples, as explored above. In the
circumstances, I was satisfied that the offence fell within Band 2 at the very
least. While I gave weight to the Accused’s plea of guilt, I also considered
that there were charges taken into consideration detailing two separate
occasions whereby he had touched the same victim’s breasts under the cover of
a darkened cinema. In the circumstances, I considered that five and a half
years’ imprisonment with six strokes of the cane, being a sentence which falls
in the middle of Band 2 in the adapted framework (at [55] above), was
appropriate.

Global sentence

66 Having determined the appropriate sentence for each charge, I determined
that the sentence for the 3rd charge ought to run concurrently, as the 3rd
charge flowed from the Accused’s sexual exploitation of his wife, which was
the subject of the 2nd charge. This was aligned with the one-transaction
principle (see Public Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799 at
[54]).

67 I also decided that the sentences for the 1st, 2nd and 6th charge ought to
run consecutively. This was commensurate with the high culpability of the
Accused, as well as the severe harm he had inflicted on each of his three
victims. This was also aligned with the sentencing principles.

Sentencing principles

68 In cases of egregious sexual depravity, as in the present, general
deterrence is a key sentencing consideration. As V K Rajah J (as he then was)
observed in PP v NF at [42]:

[O]ur courts would be grievously remiss if they did not send an unequivocal
and uncompromising message to all would-be sex offenders that abusing a
relationship or a position of authority in order to gratify sexual impulse
will inevitably be met with the harshest penal consequences. In such cases,
the sentencing principle of general deterrence must figure prominently and be
unmistakably reflected in the sentencing equation.

69 Apart from the principle of general deterrence, I also found that
retribution was a relevant sentencing consideration in the present case, given
the significant harm the Accused had caused to his victims. In particular, his
wife had suffered at his hands for a prolonged period, starting in 2009, and
ending only in August 2016. Furthermore, while the Accused would be released
upon the completion of his sentence, the trauma and emotional distress felt by
his young victims (ie, his daughter and his niece) will likely follow them for
the rest of their lives.

70 Specific deterrence was also a relevant sentencing consideration. Here, the
IMH psychiatrist reported that the Accused did not have a treatable mental
disorder, and that his mental state did not have a contributory link to the
offences. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Statement of Facts, Annex B at para 26 and Annex C at para 25.

As a result, the sentence had to be sufficiently punishing to discourage the
Accused from repeating his actions. As observed in Public Prosecutor v Law Aik
Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at [21]:

Specific deterrence operates through the discouraging effects felt when an
offender experiences and endures the punishment of a particular offence … it
seeks to instil in a particular offender the fear of re-offending through the
potential threat of re-experiencing the same sanction previously imposed.

71 Having considered the aforementioned principles, while I noted that the
Accused was untraced, I did not think that the global sentence was crushing on
him having regard to all the facts and circumstances of the case.

Conclusion

72 In conclusion, having ordered that the sentences for the 1st, 2nd and 6th
charges are to run consecutively, the Accused was therefore sentenced to a
total of 25 and a half years’ imprisonment, with 24 strokes of the cane and a
$12,000 fine (in default 2 months’ imprisonment).

73 Dissatisfied with the sentence, the Accused has appealed on the ground that
it is manifestly excessive.

Chan Seng Onn

Eunice Lau and Charlene Tay (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Public
Prosecutor;Ng Boon Gan (VanillaLaw LLC) for the accused;

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

