Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 85

HC/District Court of Appeal No 29 of 2018

Between

(1)| Wong Chong Hui  
---|---  
(2)| Heng Hong Development Pte Ltd  
  
… Appellants

And

Lim Siong Hoe Lawrence

… Respondent

judgment

[Contract] — [Mistake] – [Unilateral mistake]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wong Chong Hui and another

  

v

  

Lim Siong Hoe Lawrence

[2019] SGHC 85

High Court — HC/District Court Appeal No 29 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
18 March 2019

29 March 2019 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 On 15 October 2011 at about 1.10pm, the respondent was involved in a road
accident – a chain collision involving seven vehicles (“the Accident”). The
respondent’s vehicle, SGP 7332D was the third vehicle in the Accident. The
second appellant’s vehicle, GBB 6328G, knocked into the respondent’s vehicle,
and was the fourth vehicle in the Accident. The first appellant is the driver
of GBB 6328G and is the employee of the second appellant. NTUC Income
Insurance Co-Operative Limited (“NTUC Income”) is the appellants’ insurer.

2 After the Accident, the respondent sent his vehicle to Poon Poong Motors Pte
Ltd (“the Workshop”) to have his vehicle repaired. The respondent said in his
evidence-in-chief that the Workshop represented that it would do the needful
to claim for property damage against NTUC Income, and the respondent
authorised the Workshop to do so. On 18 October 2011, the respondent consulted
one Dr Tan Chong Tien (“Dr Tan”) at Orthopaedics International where he
underwent a magnetic resonance imaging, was referred for physiotherapy
treatment, and was given five days’ medical leave. In the respondent’s
accident report dated 4 November 2011, the respondent stated that he “felt
numbness in [his] left arm and went to see a doctor and was given 5 days MC”
(“the Accident Report”).

3 On 27 February 2012, the Workshop lodged a claim with NTUC Income for the
sum of $9,052.20, which included repair costs of $6741 and loss of use at
$2311.20. The claim was settled and the Workshop asked the respondent to go to
its premises to sign a discharge voucher (“DV”) issued by NTUC Income. The
Workshop representatives did not explain the terms of the DV to the respondent
nor did they provide any further details apart from the fact that they had
settled the claim with NTUC Income. The DV was signed by the respondent on 1
March 2012, and witnessed by one Robin Poon Joo King, presumably a
representative of the Workshop. It was undisputed that the respondent was not
privy to the negotiations between the Workshop and NTUC Income, and that the
settlement sum of $9,052.20 was paid directly to the Workshop. The essential
terms of the DV are as follows:

“[The Respondent] … hereby acknowledge and agree that payment by [NTUC Income]
of the sum of S$9,052.20 to [the Workshop] shall be full satisfaction
liquidation and discharge of all claims whatsoever competent upon [the
appellants] in respect of all loss injury or damage whether now or hereafter
to become manifest arising directly or indirectly from the [Accident] …”

4 Approximately two years later, on 2 July 2014, the respondent sent a letter
of demand to the first appellant claiming for personal injury, including
$25,000 for pain and suffering. The respondent relied on Dr Tan’s specialist
medical report dated 17 March 2014 where Dr Tan opined that the respondent
suffered a Grade 3 whiplash injury from the Accident, and a physiotherapy
report dated 13 March 2014 from Parkway East Hospital which confirmed that the
respondent received two sessions of physiotherapy treatment. On 9 July 2014,
NTUC Income (on behalf of the appellants) rejected the respondent’s claim on
the basis that the DV fully discharged all claims that the respondent had
against the appellants in relation to the Accident.

5 On 10 October 2014, the respondent commenced Magistrate’s Court Suit No
19075 of 2014 (“MC 19075”) to claim for personal damages arising from the
Accident. Counsel for the respondent, Mr Ramesh s/o Varathappan, submitted
that the respondent executed the DV on the mistaken assumption that it settled
only his property damage claim, and not his personal injury claim. District
Judge Lee Li Choon (“Lee DJ”) found that notwithstanding the clear and
unambiguous terms of the DV, the respondent operated under a unilateral
mistake, and hence, the DV was void. In her grounds of decision Lee DJ gave
her reasons as:

(a) First, NTUC Income did not deal with the respondent directly, and it was
apparent to NTUC Income that the settlement related only to property damage
claim since the settlement sum of $9,052.20 was paid directly to the Workshop.

(b) Secondly, NTUC Income knew that the respondent was not legally
represented, and that the terms of the DV was not explained to him. In
addition, as the Workshop did not have the legal authority to claim for
personal injuries on behalf of the respondent, it was reasonable for NTUC
Income to expect that the scope of release in the DV pertains only to the
property damage claim.

(c) Thirdly, NTUC Income was aware that the respondent’s Accident Report
indicated that he went for medical examination and was given five days’
medical leave. As such, NTUC Income approached the possibility of the
existence of the respondent’s personal injury claim with wilful blindness.

6 On 23 November 2018, the appellants appealed against Lee DJ’s decision in MC
19075, which is the subject of this hearing. Contrary to Lee DJ’s finding, I
am of the view that the DV fully discharged all claims that the respondent had
against NTUC Income, and that it was not void on the ground of unilateral
mistake.

7 The DV was not merely a receipt simpliciter (see Ter Yin Wei v Lim Leet Fang
[2012] 3 SLR 172 at [16] (“Ter Yin Wei”)). The DV was clear and unequivocal
and left no room for a subsequent and separate claim for personal injury
arising from the Accident. The respondent is a literate man and can also read
the clear terms himself. If the Workshop thought that the DV only covered the
repair costs and costs for the loss of use, it ought to have reminded the
respondent to show the DV to his solicitors before the respondent signs it. As
such, the only issue in dispute is whether the DV was void because the
respondent was operating under a unilateral mistake.

8 To render the DV void on the common law ground of a unilateral mistake, the
following three requirements have to be satisfied (See Broadley Construction
Pte Ltd v Alacran Design Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 110 (“Broadley Construction”) at
[42]; affirming Chwee Kin Keong and others v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd [2005] 1
SLR(R) 502 (“Digilandmall”)):

(a) The respondent must have made a mistake;

(b) This mistake must be a sufficiently important or fundamental mistake as to
the terms of the DV; and

(c) The non-mistaken party, in this case, NTUC Income, must have actual
knowledge of the respondent’s mistake.

I am of the view that the respondent understood the terms of the DV and that
the first requirement is not satisfied. Although the respondent was not privy
to the negotiations between the Workshop and NTUC Income, the respondent is a
literate man and ought to be able to understand the clear and unambiguous
language of the DV. Although he sought medical treatment (including
physiotherapy treatment) shortly after the Accident, he did not instruct
solicitors for almost three years.

9 In relation to the third requirement, counsel for the appellants, Mr Richard
Tan, submitted that NTUC Income had no actual knowledge of the respondent’s
mistake as the mere indication of an injury in the respondent’s Accident
Report did not necessarily mean that he would be making a personal injury
claim. Further, that NTUC Income was under no obligation to explain the terms
of the DV to the respondent if he was not legally represented. Mr Ramesh
reminded the court to be slow to disturb Lee DJ’s finding of fact. Mr Ramesh
argued that since the respondent’s Accident Report clearly made references to
personal injuries, NTUC Income was wilfully blind to the existence of a
personal injury claim. However, even if there were clear references to injury
claim, the DV made clear that the acceptance of the settlement covers it all.

10 Further, I find that on the evidence before me, NTUC Income did not have
actual knowledge of the respondent’s mistake. First, the fact that NTUC Income
dealt only with the Workshop, that their correspondence related only to the
property damage claim, and that the settlement sum of $9,052.20 was paid
directly to the Workshop, is insufficient to displace the clear and
unequivocal effect of the DV in discharging all claims that the respondent had
or may have against NTUC Income in relation to the Accident (See for example,
Ter Yin Wei at [23]).

11 Secondly, the term ‘wilful blindness’ is not a principle of law, but a
finding of fact. If one deliberately refuses to make an inquiry when he ought
to do so, the inference is that he knew what it was or feared what he might
find (see Digilandmall at [42]). The correspondence between NTUC Income and
the Workshop, and the respondent’s Accident Report which vaguely stated that
he “felt numbness in [his] left arm … [saw] a doctor and was given 5 days MC”,
is insufficient to impose an obligation on NTUC Income to inquire as to
whether the respondent intends to make a personal injury claim.

12 Thirdly, the respondent’s lack of legal representation should not prejudice
NTUC Income’s legal position. NTUC Income was not obliged to explain the terms
of the DV to the respondent. That is the job of the respondent’s solicitors.
Further, the Workshop has no business making or negotiating legal claims for
the respondent (or any customer). That is also the job of the respondent’s
solicitors. The Workshop should have sent its bill only to the respondent, and
let him and his solicitors take it from there. If the respondent relies on the
Workshop and not his solicitors, he cannot hold anyone answerable for bad
advice except the Workshop and himself. No personal injury claim was made
known to NTUC Income until almost three years after the Accident.

13 For completeness, I will deal with Mr Ramesh’s submission that NTUC
Income’s practice was unconscionable because NTUC Income did not provide for
the deletion of relevant terms in the DV and did not advise executors of the
DV of their right to seek legal advice before executing the DV. Mr Ramesh
relies on the doctrine of unilateral mistake in equity, where “knowledge
falling short of actual knowledge coupled with some form of unconscionable
conduct would be sufficient to render the [DV] voidable” (see Broadley
Construction at [44]). I do not accept Mr Ramesh’s argument. A contracting
party has no obligation to inform the other party of their right to legal
advice. Further, NTUC Income is not obliged to provide for the deletion of
terms in the DV. If the respondent wished for certain terms in the DV to be
deleted or amended, the respondent should have engaged legal counsel to act
and negotiate on his behalf. The use of a discharge voucher has been the
practice in personal injury and damage claims for far too long to try and
interpret the rights and liabilities differently, especially in a case like
this where the DV was not an unusual one. Claims in such traffic accident
cases are often made in excess of the actual damage and injury. Many of the
claims are eventually reduced or abandoned altogether and either the discharge
voucher or a similarly worded letter is signed to record the full and final
settlement so that claimants do not revive or add to their original claims.

14 For the reasons above, this appeal is allowed. I will hear arguments on
costs at a later date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Tan Seng Chew Richard and Peh Siqi Michelle (Tan Chin Hoe & Co) for the
appellants;  
Ramesh s/o Varathappan (Tito Isaac & Co LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

