Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 191

Criminal Case No 35 of 2016

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

(1)| Ridhaudin Ridhwan Bin Bakri  
---|---  
(2)| Muhammad Faris Bin Ramlee  
(3)| Asep Ardiansyah  
  
Grounds of decision

[Criminal law] — [Offences] — [Rape]

[Criminal law] — [Offences] — [Attempted rape]

[Criminal law] — [Offences] — [Sexual penetration]

[Criminal law] — [Offences] — [Outrage of modesty]

[Criminal procedure and sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Sexual offences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Ridhaudin Ridhwan bin Bakri and others

[2019] SGHC 191

High Court — Criminal Case No 35 of 2016  
Woo Bih Li J  
23 April, 21 May, 14 August 2019

19 August 2019

Woo Bih Li J:

Background

1 Three accused persons, Mr Ridhaudin Ridhwan bin Bakri (“Ridhwan”), Mr
Muhammad Faris bin Ramlee (“Faris”) and Mr Asep Ardiansyah (“Asep”) were tried
before me for a number of sexual offences committed against a female
Singaporean (“the Complainant”) on 26 January 2014 in Room 310 of a hotel
formerly located along Duxton Road, Singapore (“the Duxton Hotel”). The Duxton
Hotel has since been torn down. At the time, the Complainant was 18 years of
age, while each of the three accused persons was 20 years of age.

2 Ridhwan, the first accused person, faced three charges:

(a) One charge of sexual assault by penetration under s 376(2)(a) punishable
under s 376(3) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”)
(“the 1st Charge”);

(b) One charge of rape under s 375(1)(a) punishable under s 375(2) of the
Penal Code (“the 2nd Charge); and

(c) One charge of using criminal force to outrage the modesty of the
Complainant punishable under s 354(1) of the Penal Code (“the 3rd Charge”).

3 Faris, the second accused person, faced two charges:

(a) One charge of rape under s 375(1)(a) punishable under s 375(2) of the
Penal Code (“the 4th Charge”); and

(b) One charge of sexual assault by penetration under s 376(2)(a) punishable
under s 376(3) of the Penal Code (“the 5th Charge”).

4 Asep, the third accused person, faced two charges:

(a) One charge of sexual assault by penetration under s 376(1)(a) punishable
under s 376(3) of the Penal Code (“the 6th Charge”); and

(b) One charge of attempted rape under s 375(1)(a) punishable under s 375(2)
read with s 511 of the Penal Code (“the 7th Charge”).

5 On 23 April 2019:

(a) I convicted Ridhwan on the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Charges;

(b) I convicted Faris on the 4th Charge and acquitted him on the 5th Charge;
and

(c) I convicted Asep on the 6th and 7th Charges.

6 The circumstances as to how the three accused persons committed the offences
are set out in my judgment dated 23 April 2019 (Public Prosecutor v Ridhaudin
Ridhwan bin Bakri and others [2019] SGHC 105).

The parties’ submissions on sentence

The rape charges

7 The Prosecution submitted that the rape offences (ie, the 2nd and 4th
Charges against Ridhwan and Faris respectively) fell within Band 2 of the
sentencing framework set out by the Court of Appeal in Ng Kean Meng Terence v
Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”). Applying the Terence Ng
framework, the appropriate sentence would be 15 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at para 30.

8 The Defence did not dispute that the Terence Ng framework was applicable in
the present case for the rape offences but disagreed with the Prosecution as
to which band Ridhwan’s and Faris’ actions fell within. Both Ridhwan and Faris
argued that the appropriate sentencing band was Band 1, with Ridhwan
submitting a sentence of 12 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane
and Faris submitting a sentence of 11 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of
the cane. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ridhwan’s sentencing submissions at paras 15–17, 23; Faris’ sentencing
submissions at paras 28–32.

The sexual assault by penetration charges

9 Turning to the sexual assault by penetration offences, the Prosecution
submitted that the sentencing framework set out by the Court of Appeal in Pram
Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1015 (“Pram Nair”), which applies to
digital-vaginal penetration, could be adapted to the 1st Charge against
Ridhwan 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at paras 15–17, 41–42.

(for digital-anal penetration) and the 6th Charge against Asep (for fellatio).
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at paras 15–18, 41, 43.

The Prosecution took the same position that the offences fell within Band 2,
submitting a sentence of 12 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane
for the 1st Charge (digital-anal penetration) and 13 years’ imprisonment and
eight strokes of the cane for the 6th Charge (fellatio).

10 For the 1st Charge (digital-anal penetration), the Defence took the
position that Ridhwan’s actions fell within Band 1, submitting a sentence of
less than eight years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ridhwan’s sentencing submission at paras 34–35.

11 For the 6th Charge (fellatio), the Defence submitted that the Pram Nair
framework was of limited application in the present case. Referring to the
case of Public Prosecutor v Chua Hock Leong [2018] SGCA 32 (“Chua Hock
Leong”), the Defence argued for a sentence of not more than ten years’ and six
months’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for the 6th Charge. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Asep’s sentencing submissions at paras 6, 13.

The outrage of modesty charge

12 For the 3rd Charge against Ridhwan for outrage of modesty, the Prosecution
submitted that I should apply the sentencing framework in Kunasekaran s/o
Kalimuthu Somasundara v Public Prosecutor [2018] 4 SLR 580 (“Kunasekaran”).
The Prosecution submitted that Ridhwan’s actions fell within Band 2 of the
Kunasekaran framework and that an appropriate sentence would be 12 months’
imprisonment and three strokes of the cane. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at paras 53–59.

13 The Defence argued for a sentence of around eight months’ imprisonment on
the basis that Ridhwan’s conduct was less aggravated than that of the accused
in Kunasekaran. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ridhwan’s sentencing submissions at para 36.

The attempted rape charge

14 Finally, for the 7th Charge against Asep for attempted rape, the
Prosecution submitted that the Terence Ng framework could be adapted by
halving the sentences in each band, relying on the case of Public Prosecutor v
Udhayakumar Dhakshinamoorthy (Criminal Case No 43 of 2018) (“Udhayakumar”).
Similar to the position it took with regard to Ridhwan and Faris’ rape
charges, the Prosecution submitted that Asep’s conduct fell within Band 2, and
that a sentence of seven and a half years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the
cane should be imposed. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at paras 45–48.

15 The Defence referred to the case of Ng Jun Xian v Public Prosecutor [2017]
3 SLR 933, submitting that a sentence of four years’ imprisonment and four
strokes of the cane was appropriate. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Asep’s sentencing submissions at para 18.

16 The following table summarises the sentencing positions taken by the
parties:

  
Charge|  
Offence| Sentence (Prosecution)| Sentence (Defence)  
---|---|---|---  
Ridhwan  
1st Charge| Sexual assault by penetration – s 376(2)(a) punishable under s
376(3) Penal Code (digital-anal penetration).| 12 years’ imprisonment and 8
strokes of the cane.| Less than 8 years’ imprisonment and 4 strokes of the
cane.  
2nd Charge| Rape – s 375(1)(a) punishable under s 375(2) Penal Code.| 15
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.| 12 years’ imprisonment and 6
strokes of the cane.  
3rd Charge| Outrage of modesty – punishable under s 354(1) Penal Code.| 12
months’ imprisonment and 3 strokes of the cane.| 8 months’ imprisonment.  
Faris  
4th Charge| Rape – s 375(1)(a) punishable under s 375(2) Penal Code.| 15
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.| 11 years’ imprisonment and 6
strokes of the cane.  
Asep  
6th Charge| Sexual assault by penetration – s 376(1)(a) punishable under s
376(3) Penal Code (fellatio).| 13 years’ imprisonment and 8 strokes of the
cane.| Not more than 10 years’ and 6 months’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the
cane.  
7th Charge| Attempted rape – s 375(1)(a) punishable under s 375(2) read with s
511 Penal Code.| 7½ years’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane.| 4 years’
imprisonment and 4 strokes of the cane.  
  
17 The Prosecution submitted that in Ridhwan’s case, the sentences for the 2nd
and 3rd Charges should run consecutively, giving an aggregate sentence of 16
years’ imprisonment and 23 strokes of the cane. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at paras 61–62.

With respect to Asep, the Prosecution’s position was that both sentences for
the 6th and 7th Charges should run concurrently, giving an aggregate sentence
of 13 years’ imprisonment and 14 strokes of the cane. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at para 63.

18 The Defence similarly submitted that the sentences for the 2nd and 3rd
Charges in Ridhwan’s case should run consecutively, giving an aggregate
sentence of 12 years’ imprisonment and ten strokes of the cane. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Ridhwan’s sentencing submissions at para 33.

The Defence also took the position that the sentences for the 6th and 7th
Charges should run concurrently, giving an aggregate sentence of not more than
ten years’ imprisonment and ten strokes of the cane.

The court’s decision

The rape charges (2nd and 4th Charges)

19 Both the Prosecution and Defence did not dispute that the sentencing
framework set out by the Court of Appeal in Terence Ng applied but differed
over its application to the facts of the case.

20 The sentencing framework was summarised by the Court of Appeal in Terence
Ng at [73] as follows:

…

(a) At the first step, the court should have regard to the offence-specific
factors in deciding which band the offence in question falls under. Once the
sentencing band, which defines the range of sentences which may usually be
imposed for an offence with those features, is identified, the court has to go
on to identify precisely where within that range the present offence falls in
order to derive an “indicative starting point”. In exceptional cases, the
court may decide on an indicative starting point which falls outside the
prescribed range, although cogent reasons should be given for such a decision.

(b) The sentencing bands prescribe ranges of sentences which would be
appropriate for contested cases and are as follows:

(i) Band 1 comprises cases at the lower end of the spectrum of seriousness
which attract sentences of ten to 13 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of
the cane. Such cases feature no offence-specific aggravating factors or are
cases where these factors are only present to a very limited extent and
therefore have a limited impact on sentence.

(ii) Band 2 comprises cases of rape of a higher level of seriousness which
attract sentences of 13–17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.
Such cases would usually contain two or more offence-specific aggravating
factors (such as those listed at [44] above).

(iii) Band 3 comprises cases which, by reason of the number and intensity of
the aggravating factors, present themselves as extremely serious cases of
rape. They should attract sentences of between 17–20 years’ imprisonment and
18 strokes of the cane.

(c) At the second step, the court should have regard to the aggravating and
mitigating factors which are personal to the offender to calibrate the
sentence. These are factors which relate to the offender’s particular personal
circumstances and, by definition, cannot be the same factors which have
already been taken into account in determining the categorisation of the
offence. One of the factors which the court should consider at this stage is
the value of a plea of guilt (if any). The mitigating value of a plea of guilt
should be assessed in terms of (i) the extent to which it is a signal of
remorse; (ii) the savings in judicial resources; and (iii) the extent to which
it spared the victim the ordeal of testifying. Thus under our proposed
framework, while for the first step an uncontested case will proceed in the
same way as a contested case, it is at the second step that the appropriate
discount will be accorded by the court for the plea of guilt by the offender.

(d) The court should clearly articulate the factors it has taken into
consideration as well as the weight which it is placing on them. This applies
both at the second step of the analysis, when the court is calibrating the
sentence from the indicative starting point and at the end of the sentencing
process, when the court adjusts the sentence on account of the totality
principle. In this regard, we would add one further caveat. In a case where
the offender faces two or more charges, and the court is required to order one
or more sentences to run consecutively, the court can, if it thinks it
necessary, further calibrate the individual sentence to ensure that the global
sentence is appropriate and not excessive. When it does so, the court should
explain itself so that the individual sentence imposed will not be
misunderstood.

[emphasis in original]

21 The Prosecution’s position was that both the 2nd and 4th Charges against
Ridhwan and Faris respectively fell in the middle of Band 2 as there were two
offence-specific aggravating factors, namely the Complainant’s vulnerability
due to intoxication and the severe harm that she suffered. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at paras 21–29.

22 The Defence disagreed with the Prosecution’s position that the Complainant
had suffered severe harm, submitting that Ridhwan and Faris’ actions fell
within Band 1 as the only aggravating factor was the Complainant’s
vulnerability. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Faris’ sentencing submissions at paras 11–32; Ridhwan’s sentencing submissions
at paras 6–16.

23 I disagreed with the Prosecution’s submission that the harm caused to the
Complainant was an offence-specific aggravating factor. In Public Prosecutor v
BMR [2019] 3 SLR 270 at [32], I mentioned that physical and emotional harm
caused to a victim of rape would have to be especially serious to amount to an
aggravating factor under the Terence Ng framework. The indelible physical and
emotional effects of rape on victims are already reflected by the fact that it
is a serious offence. In the absence of especially serious physical or
emotional harm, harm caused to victims should not be regarded as an offence-
specific aggravating factor as to do so would give this factor double weight.

24 Although I recognised that the Complainant undoubtedly suffered both
physical and emotional harm as a result of the acts of the accused, I did not
think that such harm rose to the level of an offence-specific aggravating
factor under the Terence Ng framework. One of the main factors relied on by
the Prosecution was that there was some suggestion that the Complainant
suffered from Post-traumatic Stress Disorder (“PTSD”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at para 26.

This was based on the report and testimony of Dr Cai Yiming (“Dr Cai”), a
psychiatrist who examined the Complainant some four months after the offences
were committed to determine if she was fit to testify in court.

25 The conclusion reached in Dr Cai’s report was that the Complainant “had
signs and symptoms suggestive [of PTSD]”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Agreed Bundle at pp 19–20.

In oral evidence, he explained that although the word “suggestive” was used in
his report, it was “quite clear in [his] mind this [was] a PTSD”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) Day 1, p 102 at lines 2–16; Day 8, p 28 at lines
20–24.

26 It is important to bear in mind that Dr Cai’s report was not prepared for
the purposes of sentencing, but rather to address the question of whether the
Complainant was fit to testify in Court. There was no formal diagnosis of PTSD
in his report, nor was there any elaboration on the specific signs and
symptoms suggestive of PTSD observed in the Complainant. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Agreed Bundle at pp 19–20.

Further, when the Prosecution enquired about the impact of the offences on the
Complainant during her own examination-in-chief and re-examination, she did
not mention PTSD or any steps being taken to manage it. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE Day 4, p 172 at lines 10–30, p 173 at lines 12.

There was also no reference to PTSD or any steps being taken to manage it in
the Complainant’s victim impact statement tendered to the Court for the
purposes of sentencing. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at Annex A.

In the circumstances, I was of the view that there was no firm evidential
basis to conclude that the Complainant was suffering from PTSD (see Public
Prosecutor v Ong Soon Heng [2018] SGHC 58 at [155]).

27 In my view, the facts of the present case were analogous to those in Pram
Nair, where the accused met the victim at a party and bought her some drinks
without specifically intending to get her drunk. When the victim subsequently
became inebriated, the accused took advantage of the opportunity to sexually
assault her. On appeal, the Court of Appeal was of the view that the only
offence-specific aggravating factor was that of taking advantage of a
vulnerable victim. Applying the Terence Ng framework, the accused’s conduct in
raping the victim fell within Band 1 with an indicative sentence of 12 or 13
years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane (Pram Nair at [140]).

28 Similar to Pram Nair, the single offence-specific aggravating factor was
that Ridhwan and Faris took advantage of the Complainant’s vulnerability. This
placed the offences in the middle to upper range of Band 1 with an indicative
sentence of 12 or 13 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane.

29 The second stage of the Terence Ng framework required a consideration of
both aggravating and mitigating factors personal to the offender.

30 Ridhwan and Faris raised two common mitigating factors: (a) the fact that
they were both 20 years’ old at the time of the commission of the offences;
and (b) their lack of prior antecedents. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Faris’ sentencing submissions at para 42; Ridhwan’s sentencing submissions at
para 32.

31 Specific to Ridhwan, I was urged to take into account an additional two
mitigating factors: (a) the fact that he had spent the last six years building
a family and had two children to take care of; and (b) the fact that he had
been suffering from depression since 2012. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Ridhwan’s sentencing submissions at paras 38–41.

32 In Faris’ case, two additional mitigating factors were raised: (a) remorse;
and (b) prejudice arising from the fact that Faris was being sentenced five
years after the commission of the offences. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Faris’ sentencing submissions at para 42, 57, 59.

33 Dealing first with the mitigating factors unique to Faris and to Ridhwan, I
did not accept that they should be given any weight.

34 In Ridhwan’s case, the fact that an accused person’s family might suffer
hardship from his or her imprisonment should usually not be taken into account
in sentencing: Lai Oei Mui Jenny v Public Prosecutor [1993] 2 SLR(R) 406 at
[11]–[12]. As for the submission that Ridhwan had been suffering from
depression since 2012, no evidence was tendered to support this claim and I
placed no weight on it.

35 As for Faris’ submission that he was remorseful, this was a bare assertion
without any elaboration and I placed no weight on it.

36 Faris’ argument on possible prejudice arising from the five-year period
between the commission of the offence and sentencing was more nuanced. As I
understood it, Faris’ point was that this delay prevented him from being
sentenced under the framework in Public Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849
(“PP v NF”), which was the sentencing framework adopted at the time the
offence was committed and before the Terence Ng framework. To my mind, the
fact that the applicable sentencing framework changed between the date of
offence and sentencing would not ordinarily constitute a mitigating factor. In
fact, the issue of prospective overruling was expressly canvassed in Terence
Ng and rejected by the Court of Appeal (at [74]):

74 In deciding on the operative date for the application of this framework, we
have regard to the considerations set out in PP v Hue An Li [2014] 4 SLR 661
at [124], where the court discussed the doctrine of prospective overruling.
After careful consideration, we are of the opinion that this is not a case in
which the doctrine should apply. Our reasons are as follows. First, the
Revised Framework does not effect a radical change in the sentencing
benchmarks. For the most part it seeks only to rationalise existing judicial
practice to promote a more systematic, coherent, consistent and transparent
approach towards sentencing in this area… Secondly, as will be seen later,
applying the Revised Framework to the present case would not give rise to a
higher punishment to be imposed on the Appellant. In our judgment, the Revised
Framework should take effect immediately…

37 It is clear from the Court of Appeal’s judgment that it intended for the
Terence Ng framework to apply retroactively. Even if the doctrine of
prospective overruling were invoked in Terence Ng, the PP v NF framework would
not have applied to Faris as he was sentenced after the date on which the
Terence Ng framework was promulgated: Adri Anton Kalangie v Public Prosecutor
[2018] 2 SLR 557 at [71(b)]. Thus, any delay preventing Faris from being
sentenced under the PP v NF framework did not constitute a mitigating factor.

38 I now turn to the common mitigating factors raised by Ridhwan and Faris
(ie, their youth and lack of prior antecedents).

39 I was of the view that on the facts of the case, Ridhwan and Faris’ youth
and lack of prior antecedents were only neutral factors.

40 The Prosecution seemed to accept that the young age of Ridhwan and Faris
(ie, below 21 years of age) was an offender specific mitigating factor
although the Prosecution argued that this was outweighed by other factors. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions at para 33.

41 I first address the issue of youth. The Defence mentioned the young age of
Ridhwan and Faris as a mitigating factor, but did not elaborate on this point
or cite any precedents to support the argument.

42 I considered some cases dealing with the relevance of an offender’s youth
in sentencing.

43 In Public Prosecutor v Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri [2008] 1 SLR(R) 449
(“Ansari”), the High Court said at [28] that where the accused person is a
young offender who has committed a serious offence, the principles of
rehabilitation and deterrence must form the prime focus of the court’s
attention. That was said in the context of an accused person who was
apparently below 21 and was charged for committing robbery with accomplices.
Another charge of intentionally using criminal force on the victim was taken
into consideration. The court was considering whether to sentence him to
probation or reformative training.

44 In Public Prosecutor v Wang Jian Bin [2011] SGHC 212, the High Court
mentioned that it had taken into consideration the youth of the accused
person, who was 23 at the time of the offence. However, in the totality of the
circumstances pertaining to the rape of a girl under 14 years of age and
taking into account two other serious charges, the court was of the view that
a custodial sentence of 13 years was nonetheless warranted.

45 In Haliffie bin Mamat v Public Prosecutor and other appeals [2016] 5 SLR
636, the accused was apparently around 23 years of age at the time of the
commission of rape and robbery. The Court of Appeal mentioned at [82] that the
accused’s relative young age was a mitigating factor. It appears that the
Prosecution there accepted that this was a mitigating factor.

46 In Pram Nair, the accused was 23 years of age at the time of the offences
but no discount was given for his relative youth (see Pram Nair at [140]).

47 In A Karthik v Public Prosecutor [2018] 5 SLR 1289 (“Karthik”), the accused
was charged with two counts of abetting by conspiracy the cheating of two
motor insurance companies. At the time of the commission of the offences, he
was 17 years of age. By the time he pleaded guilty to the charge, with the
other being taken into consideration, and was sentenced, he was 22 years of
age. In the High Court, Chief Justice Sundaresh Menon mentioned at [36] that
rehabilitation should be the dominant sentencing consideration when dealing
with youthful offenders. This was for two reasons, which Menon CJ referred to
as the retrospective rationale and prospective rationale (at [37]). Menon CJ
acknowledged at [45] that where the accused was below 21 at the time of the
offence but above 21 at the time of the sentence, the prospective rationale
would not apply as strongly, if at all, while the retrospective rationale
would continue to be relevant. On the exceptional factors before the court,
the court sentenced the accused to probation.

48 In the present case, Ridhwan and Faris were 20 years of age at the time of
the commission of the offences on 26 January 2014. At the time of sentencing
in August 2019, they were about 25 years of age. This meant that the
prospective rationale identified by Menon CJ in Karthik did not apply to them
as strongly. Bearing in mind the gravity of the offences and the fact that
Ridhwan and Faris were just under 21 years of age at the time of the
commission of the offences, I did not think that the retrospective rationale
or their youth was a mitigating factor.

49 As for the lack of prior antecedents, I did not think that this constituted
a mitigating factor due to the gravity of the offences committed by Ridhwan
and Faris.

50 The authorities are not consistent as to whether the lack of prior
antecedents is a mitigating factor in the case of serious sexual offences. In
Pram Nair, the Court of Appeal at [140] agreed with the trial Judge’s view
that there were no significant mitigating factors even though the accused
person in that case had no prior antecedents (see Public Prosecutor v Pram
Nair [2016] 5 SLR 1169 at [48]–[49]).

51 In contrast, the Court of Appeal in Haliffie at [82(b)] took the view that
the accused person’s lack of prior antecedents was a mitigating factor.

52 It appeared to me that whether an accused person’s lack of prior
antecedents was a mitigating factor depended on the unique facts of each case.
Here, I was satisfied that given the serious sexual offences committed on a
vulnerable victim, Ridhwan and Faris’ lack of prior antecedents should not be
regarded as a mitigating factor.

53 Turning to the offender-specific aggravating factors, the Prosecution
raised several aggravating factors, which it contended outweighed any
mitigating value arising from Ridhwan and Faris’ youth and lack of
antecedents: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at para 33.

(a) First, Ridhwan and Faris “cruelly exploited the [Complainant’s]
intoxicated state…thereby causing her severe harm…”

(b) Second, Ridhwan and Faris displayed no remorse, with Ridhwan’s counsel
specifically subjecting the Complainant to a degrading line of cross-
examination during the trial.

(c) Third, specific to Ridhwan, his commission of a total of three offences
(ie, the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Charges) against the Complainant.

54 I did not agree with the Prosecution that these were valid aggravating
factors.

55 First, the Prosecution’s argument conflated the two steps of the Terence Ng
framework. The fact that Ridhwan and Faris committed the offence against a
vulnerable victim was already accounted for in the first stage as an offence-
specific aggravating factor. To take this into account at the second stage
would result in the same factor being giving double weight.

56 Second, the Prosecution provided no reasons to support its argument that
Faris had demonstrated no remorse. It appeared that the Prosecution’s
contention was that Faris’ decision to claim trial constituted an aggravating
factor. This could not have been correct. An accused person is entitled to
claim trial and his decision to do so cannot constitute an aggravating factor.
While the decision to plead guilty may in certain circumstances have
mitigating value, the absence of a mitigating factor could not constitute an
aggravating factor.

57 As for Ridhwan, I did not think that the conduct of his counsel during
cross-examination of the Complainant went so far as to show an evident lack of
remorse. It is clear from the Court of Appeal’s decision in Terence Ng that a
relatively high threshold must be met for this to be an offender-specific
aggravating factor, such as where the accused conducts his defence in an
extravagant and unnecessary manner or makes scandalous allegations in respect
of the victim (Terence Ng at [64(c)]).

58 Third, I did not think that the mere fact that an accused had committed
multiple offences in the course of a single transaction necessarily amounted
to an aggravating factor leading to an enhancement of the individual sentence.
In the case of Ridhwan, two of the three sentences would run consecutively as
provided under the law. Bearing in mind the totality principle, I saw no
reason to enhance the individual sentences.

59 Given the absence of any significant mitigating or aggravating offender-
specific factors, I was of the view that an appropriate sentence would be 12
years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for both the 2nd and 4th
Charges.

60 I would add that the Prosecution also submitted that the sentence for both
the 2nd and 4th Charges ought to be higher than those meted out to Muhammad
Fadly Bin Abdull Wahab (“Fadly”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at paras 34–37.

Fadly was sentenced separately to 13 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of
the cane after pleading guilty to raping the Complainant on the night of 25
January 2014 prior to the offences committed by the three accused persons in
this case (See Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Fadly Bin Abdull Wahab [2016] SGHC
160).

61 I did not agree that the sentence for the 2nd and 4th Charges should be
higher. I was of the view that Fadly was more culpable than Faris and Ridhwan
as he was the person who had deliberately gotten the Complainant drunk prior
to raping her. This additional element of premeditation would have placed
Fadly’s acts in Band 2 of the Terence Ng framework, with an indicative
sentence of 13–17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. Even after
considering the fact that Fadly had pleaded guilty, I did not see any basis
for the Prosecution’s submission that the sentences for the 2nd and 4th
Charges ought to be higher than what was imposed on Fadly.

The sexual assault by penetration charges (1st and 6th Charges)

62 I now turn to the two sexual assault by penetration charges which consisted
of the 1st Charge (digital-anal penetration) against Ridhwan and the 6th
Charge (fellatio) against Asep.

63 The Prosecution submitted that the sentencing framework set out in Pram
Nair could be adopted with minor adjustments to be applied to digital-anal
penetration and fellatio offences. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at paras 15–17.

The Court of Appeal’s decision in Pram Nair transposed the Terence Ng
framework to offences of digital-vaginal penetration, with the sentencing
bands adjusted downward to reflect the fact that rape is the most serious form
of sexual offence and should generally attract a higher starting sentence
(Pram Nair at [156]). The framework in Pram Nair for digital-vaginal
penetration is as follows (Pram Nair at [159]):

Band| Type of cases| Sentence  
---|---|---  
1| Cases featuring no offence-specific aggravating factors or cases where
these factors are only present to a very limited extent.| 7 to 10 years’
imprisonment and 4 strokes of the cane.  
2| Cases featuring two or more offence-specific aggravating factors.| 10 to 15
years’ imprisonment and 8 strokes of the cane.  
3| Extremely serious cases by reasons of the number and intensity of the
aggravating factors.| 15 to 20 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.  
  
64 For the 1st Charge (digital-anal penetration), the Prosecution referred to
the case of Public Prosecutor v BPH (Criminal Case No 90 of 2017) (“BPH”), 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at paras 15–17.

where Pang Khang Chau JC (as he then was) applied the Pram Nair framework to
digital-anal penetration, but moderated the indicative imprisonment sentences
in each sentencing band downward by a year (Band 2 offences would attract an
indicative sentence of nine to 14 years’ imprisonment, rather than ten to 15
years’ imprisonment under the Pram Nair framework). This was based on the
observation of Tay Yong Kwang J (as he then was) in Public Prosecutor v BMD
[2013] SGHC 235 (“BMD”) at [73] that digital-anal penetration was the least
severe of the penetration offences. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Notes of Evidence for PP v BPH, 22 June 2018, p 22.

65 For the 6th Charge (fellatio) against Asep, the Prosecution’s submission
was that the Pram Nair framework could be adopted with an uplift to reflect
the relative severity of fellatio. This was again based on Tay J’s comments in
BMD at [73] that fellatio was more serious than digital-anal penetration. The
Prosecution submitted that Band 2 for fellatio offences would have an
indicative sentencing range of 11 to 16 years’ imprisonment.

66 Similar to its position in respect of the rape charges, the Prosecution
submitted that Ridhwan’s conduct in relation to the 1st Charge (digital-anal
penetration) and Asep’s conduct in relation to the 6th Charge (fellatio) fell
within Band 2 of the Pram Nair framework with the advocated amendments (see
[63]–[65] above). The Prosecution submitted a sentence of 12 years’
imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane for the 1st Charge (digital-anal
penetration) and a sentence of 13 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the
cane for the 6th Charge (fellatio). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at para 41.

67 The Defence argued that Ridhwan’s conduct in relation to the 1st Charge
(digital-anal penetration) fell within Band 1 of the Pram Nair framework and
that a sentence of less than eight years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the
cane would be appropriate. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Ridhwan’s sentencing submission at paras 34–35.

68 For the 6th Charge (fellatio), the Defence suggested that the Pram Nair
framework was of limited application in the present case as the Court of
Appeal in Chua Hock Leong declined to comment on the applicability of the Pram
Nair framework to fellatio offences and instead based its decision on first
principles. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Asep’s sentencing submissions at para 6.

The Defence took the position that the sentence should be lower than the ten
years’ imprisonment and six months of the cane which the accused in Chua Hock
Leong received as Asep’s actions were less culpable.

Application of the Pram Nair framework to digital-anal penetration offences

69 Dealing first with the 1st Charge (digital-anal penetration), I did not
agree with the Prosecution that the Pram Nair framework should be calibrated
downward because digital-anal penetration was the least severe form of the
penetration offences. A careful perusal of the decision in BMD makes it clear
that Tay J’s comments did not state that digital-anal penetration was less
severe than digital-vaginal penetration. Rather, his comments sought to
compare digital-anal penetration specifically against penile-vaginal
penetration, fellatio and penile-anal penetration.

70 I was of the view that there was no valid reason to draw any distinction
between digital-anal and digital-vaginal penetration as both acts involve a
similar violation of the victim’s bodily integrity. I was thus of the view
that the Pram Nair framework should be applied to digital-anal penetration
without modification.

71 I also understood that in BPH v Public Prosecutor (Criminal Appeal No 29 of
2018), the Court of Appeal expressed the view that there was no material
distinction between digital-vaginal and digital-anal penetration in terms of
the severity of each offence. While the Court of Appeal indicated that written
grounds for that case would eventually be issued, they were not available as
of the date of my sentencing decision in these proceedings.

72 I have already set out my reasons (see [21]–[28] above) for disagreeing
with the Prosecution’s submissions that the physical and emotional harm caused
to the Complainant was an offence-specific aggravating factor (this also
applies to the 6th Charge below). At the first stage of the Pram Nair
framework, Ridhwan’s actions thus fell in the middle to upper range of Band 1,
with an indicative sentence of eight to nine years’ imprisonment and four
strokes of the cane. Since there were no aggravating or mitigating factors to
be taken into account at the second stage of the Pram Nair framework (see
[30]–[58] above), I was of the view that an appropriate sentence for the 1st
Charge would be eight years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane
(digital-anal penetration).

Application of the Pram Nair framework to fellatio offences

73 Turning to the 6th Charge (fellatio), I disagreed with the Defence’s
suggestion that the Pram Nair framework was inapplicable to fellatio offences
following the Court of Appeal’s decision in Chua Hock Leong. The Court of
Appeal did not rule out the applicability of the benchmarks laid down in Pram
Nair to fellatio offences, but rather mentioned that it did not find the case
to be an appropriate one to deal with the issue (Chua Hock Leong at [10]).

74 However, I also found the Prosecution’s submission, that the sentencing
bands in Pram Nair should be adjusted upward to reflect the relative severity
of fellatio offences, not entirely consistent with other High Court decisions
on the same issue.

75 In Public Prosecutor v Tan Meng Soon Bernard [2019] 3 SLR 1146 (“Bernard
Tan”), Valerie Thean J considered the applicability of the Pram Nair framework
to fellatio offences and concluded that the sentencing bands in Pram Nair were
a useful point of reference and that it was unnecessary to recalibrate the
sentencing bands for different sexual penetration offences (Bernard Tan at
[36]). After considering the post-2008 amendments to the Penal Code, which
grouped various types of non-consensual sexual penetration together and
prescribed a single sentencing range in s 376 of the Penal Code, Thean J
opined that it may be less practical to have multiple sentencing frameworks
for different sexual penetration offences within s 376 of the Penal Code, and
that it might be more useful to recognise the Pram Nair bands as broadly
applicable (Bernard Tan at [25]–[27], [31]). The seriousness of a particular
sexual penetration offence was a factor which could be considered as part of
the offence-specific aggravating and mitigating factors in a case, with “the
harm, and therefore the sentence, in each case, [depending] on the full
context, of which the specific sexual act [was] only one aspect” (Bernard Tan
at [30]).

76 Thean J’s decision in Bernard Tan was cited with approval by Hoo Sheau Peng
J in Public Prosecutor v BVZ [2019] SGHC 83 (“BVZ”) (at [52]). The accused in
BVZ had, amongst other things, committed fellatio offences against one of the
victims in the case. Hoo J agreed with the view of Thean J in Bernard Tan and
proceeded to apply the Pram Nair framework to the fellatio offences. However,
Hoo J found that the humiliating nature of forced fellatio and the risk of the
victim contracting sexually transmitted diseases were offence-specific
aggravating factor at the first stage of the Pram Nair framework (BVZ at
[56]).

77 In other words, both Thean J and Hoo J were not using the severity of a
particular sexual offence to adjust the sentencing bands in Pram Nair. Rather,
they took into account the severity as an aggravating factor, where
appropriate.

78 I agreed with the view of Thean J in Bernard Tan that the sentencing bands
in Pram Nair were still a useful reference point in determining the
appropriate sentence for sexual penetration offences under s 376 of the Penal
Code which did not involve digital-vaginal penetration. Given the considerable
number of ways in which sexual penetration offences may manifest, it did not
seem appropriate to have different sentencing bands for each type of sexual
penetration offence. Rather, the severity of a particular sexual penetration
offence should be taken into account at the first stage of the Pram Nair
framework as an offence-specific aggravating factor.

79 Applying the Pram Nair framework, at the first stage, I was of the view
that there were two offence-specific aggravating factors in relation to the
6th Charge (fellatio). The first was the fact that the Complainant was a
vulnerable victim (see [27]–[28] above). The second related to the nature of
the sexual penetration offence committed against the Complainant. Asep’s
actions, in forcing the Complainant to fellate him, were both humiliating and
further exposed the Complainant to the risk of contracting sexually-
transmitted diseases. This placed Asep’s conduct at the higher end of Band 1
or the lower end of Band 2 within the Pram Nair framework, with an indicative
sentence of ten years’ imprisonment and between four and eight strokes of the
cane.

80 This indicative sentence was in line with BVZ, the only other case applying
the Pram Nair framework to fellatio offences under s 376(1)(a) and punishable
under s 376(3) of the Penal Code.

81 In BVZ, the accused person committed two separate fellatio offences against
a 14-year-old victim under s 376(1)(a) of the Penal Code. In addition to the
humiliating nature of the offence and the risk of sexually-transmitted
diseases (mentioned above at [76]), other aggravating factors included that of
a vulnerable victim, abuse of a position of trust, premeditation, and use of
force (in respect of one of the offences). The offences were found to fall
within Band 2 of the Pram Nair framework with an indicative sentence of 12
years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane. After taking into account
the accused person’s plea of guilt, he was sentenced to ten years’
imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane for each fellatio offence. The
sentence was upheld by the Court of Appeal in BVZ v Public Prosecutor
(Criminal Appeal No 19 of 2019). I understand that written grounds will
eventually be issued by the Court of Appeal.

82 The offences in BVZ were clearly more aggravated than in the present case
where there were only two offence-specific aggravating factors. This justified
the lower indicative sentence of ten years’ imprisonment and between four and
eight strokes of the cane.

83 At the second stage of the Pram Nair framework, Asep raised three
mitigating factors generally: (a) his youth 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Asep’s sentencing submissions at para 21.

; (b) lack of antecedents 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at para 51.

; and (c) the fact that Asep was being treated for an adjustment disorder,
secondary to the stress of the criminal proceedings against him. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Asep’s sentencing submissions at para 21.

84 Similar to Ridhwan and Faris, I did not regard Asep’s youth and lack of
antecedents as a mitigating factor due to the severity of the offences
committed against the Complainant (see [38]–[52] above).

85 The fact that Asep was suffering from an adjustment disorder, secondary to
the stress of the criminal proceedings, did not have any bearing on his
culpability for the offences against him and I did not consider it as a
mitigating factor.

86 The offender-specific aggravating factors raised by the Prosecution were
the same as those raised in respect to Ridhwan and Faris and which I did not
accept (see [53]–[58] above).

87 In the circumstances, given the lack of any aggravating or mitigating
factors, I was of the view that an appropriate sentence for the 6th Charge
(fellatio) would be ten years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane.

The outrage of modesty charge (3rd Charge)

88 For the 3rd Charge, which was against Ridhwan for outrage of modesty, I was
referred to the sentencing framework set out by Chan Seng Onn J in Kunasekaran
which I will set out later. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at paras 53–59.

89 The Prosecution’s position was that Ridhwan’s conduct fell within the
higher end of Band 2 under the Kunasekaran framework as there were three
offence specific-aggravating factors. The first two factors were identical to
those raised in respect of the offences of rape and sexual assault by
penetration, ie, the fact that the victim was vulnerable and that she suffered
significant emotional and mental harm. The third factor was the significant
degree of sexual exploitation as Ridhwan’s actions in sucking on the
Complainant’s nipples were a “highly intrusive act vis-à-vis the
[Complainant’s] private parts.” 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at paras 56–59.

Based on this, the Prosecution submitted a sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment
and three strokes of the cane.

90 The Defence argued that a sentence of around eight months’ imprisonment was
appropriate for the 3rd Charge on the basis that the facts of the present case
were less aggravated than those in Kunasekaran, where the accused had touched
the groin area of the victim on a public bus for about one minute. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Ridhwans’ closing submissions at para 36.

In Kunasekaran, the accused was eventually sentenced to eight months’
imprisonment.

91 The Kunasekaran framework applies the “two-step sentencing bands” approach
in Terence Ng to offences under s 354(1) of the Penal Code. This is distinct
from the framework in Public Prosecutor v GBR [2018] 3 SLR 1048 (“GBR”), which
applies to an aggravated form of outrage of modesty under s 354(2) of the
Penal Code (but on which the Kunasekaran framework is based). For
completeness, I would highlight that there exists a third, and much more
severe, form of outrage of modesty under s 354A of the Penal Code which is not
relevant for present purposes.

92 At the first stage of the Kunasekaran framework, the court ascertains the
gravity of the offence based on the number of offence-specific aggravating
factors (see Kunasekaran at [45]) and places it within one of three sentencing
bands:

(a) Band 1: less than five months’ imprisonment;

(b) Band 2: five to 15 months’ imprisonment; and

(c) Band 3: 15 to 24 months’ imprisonment

93 Citing the decision of See Kee Oon J in GBR at [31]–[38], Chan J set out
the characteristics of each of the bands (Kunasekaran at [45(b)]):

Band 1: This includes cases that do not present any, or at most one, of the
offence-specific factors, and typically involves cases that involve a fleeting
touch or no skin-to-skin contact, and no intrusion into the victim’s private
parts…

Band 2: This includes cases where two or more of the offence-specific factors
present themselves. The lower end of the band involves cases where the private
parts of the victim are intruded, but there is no skin-to-skin contact. The
higher end of the band involves cases where there is skin-to-skin contact with
the victim’s private parts. It would also involve cases where there was the
use of deception…

Band 3: This includes cases where numerous offence specific factors present
themselves, especially factors such as the exploitation of a particularly
vulnerable victim, a serious abuse of a position of trust, and/or the use of
violence or force on the victim…

94 The second stage of the Kunasekaran framework is identical to that in the
Terence Ng framework, requiring a consideration of the offender-specific
aggravating and mitigating factors in order to determine the appropriate
sentence.

95 Chan J rationalised the decision in Public Prosecutor v Chow Yee Sze [2011]
1 SLR 481 (“Chow Yee Sze”), which adopted the “benchmark” approach (set at
nine months’ imprisonment with caning), as being consistent with the
Kunasekaran framework. The accused in Chow Yee Sze had intruded on the
victim’s private parts or sexual organs, which would have placed his conduct
in Band 2. Chan J also observed that Chow Yee Sze remained instructive in
setting out that caning generally ought to be imposed for offences under s
354(1) of the Penal Code which involved intrusions upon the victim’s private
parts or sexual organs (Kunasekaran at [50]–[51]).

96 I was of the view that the Kunasekaran framework had much to commend it in
terms of promoting transparency and consistency in sentencing for offences
under s 354(1) of the Penal Code and applied it in determining the appropriate
sentence for the 3rd Charge.

97 I have already set out my reasons for rejecting the Prosecution’s
submission that the victim’s emotional and psychological trauma was an
offence-specific aggravating factor (see [21]–[28] above). With respect to the
degree of sexual exploitation, I agreed with the Prosecution that the present
case was more aggravated than Kunasekaran. In Kunasekaran, there was no skin-
to-skin contact with the victim’s private parts. This was in contrast to the
present case where Ridhwan sucked on the Complainant’s nipples. To my mind,
this was a higher degree of sexual exploitation which, taken together with the
Complainant’s intoxication, placed Ridhwan’s actions in the higher end of Band
2 or lower end of Band 3 under the Kunasekaran framework. An appropriate
indicative sentence would be 15 months’ imprisonment.

98 There was also the issue of whether caning ought to be imposed for the 3rd
Charge. Given that Ridhwan had intruded upon the Complainant’s private parts
by sucking on her nipples and her intoxication, this was a case where the
imposition of caning was appropriate (see [95] above).

99 At the second stage of the Kunasekaran framework, the offender-specific
mitigating and aggravating factors in respect of Ridhwan were the same as
those in respect of the 1st and 2nd Charges above (see [30]–[34], [38]–[58]
above). Since there were no aggravating or mitigating factors, I was of the
view that an appropriate sentence would be 15 months’ imprisonment and three
strokes of the cane.

The attempted rape charge (7th Charge)

100 I come now to the 7th Charge, which was for the attempted rape of the
Complainant by Asep. The Prosecution referred to the case of Udhayakumar,
which adapted the Terence Ng framework to attempted rape by halving the
sentencing ranges. Similar to the 6th Charge, the Prosecution argued that
Asep’s conduct fell within Band 2 and that an appropriate sentence would be
seven and a half years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at paras 45–48.

101 The Defence submitted that the sentence for the 7th Charge should be four
years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane. The Defence relied on the
case of Ng Jun Xian v Public Prosecutor [2017] 3 SLR 933 (“Ng Jun Xian”),
where the sentence of four years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane
for attempted rape imposed by the District Judge was upheld on appeal. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Asep’s sentencing submissions at para 18.

102 I agreed with the Prosecution’s submission that the Terence Ng framework,
as adapted in Udhayakumar, was the appropriate sentencing framework to be
applied in cases of attempted rape.

103 I did not find the case of Ng Jun Xian to be of much assistance as the
Court hearing the appeal did not have the benefit of the Court of Appeal’s
decision in Terence Ng. I did not think that it was desirable for the
sentencing framework for the offence of attempted rape to be entirely
different from that which applied where the offence was completed. By
adjusting the sentencing bands downward proportionately, the principles
embodied in the Terence Ng framework could be applied to offences of attempted
rape, where the maximum imprisonment term which can be imposed is halved by
virtue of s 511 of the Penal Code.

104 I was of the view that Asep’s conduct fell within Band 1 of the Terence Ng
framework as adapted by Udhayakumar as the only offence-specific aggravating
factor was that of a vulnerable victim (see [23]–[28] above). This gave an
indicative sentence of six to seven years’ imprisonment and three strokes of
the cane. In view of the lack of offender-specific aggravating or mitigating
factors (see [83]–[87] above), I concluded that a sentence of six years’
imprisonment and three strokes of the cane would be appropriate for the 7th
Charge.

Sentences

105 At the sentencing hearing on 14 August 2019, I was informed that each of
the accused persons was in remand for a period of time before being released
on bail:

(a) Ridhwan - 47 days

(b) Faris - 42 days

(c) Asep - 2 days

106 Their respective sentences were thus adjusted downwards to take the remand
period into account.

107 The sentences for Ridhwan were as follows:

Charge| Offence| Sentence  
---|---|---  
1st Charge| Sexual assault by penetration – s 376(2)(a) punishable under s
376(3) Penal Code (digital-anal penetration).| • 8 years’ imprisonment.• 4
strokes of the cane.  
2nd Charge| Rape – s 375(1)(a) punishable under s 375(2) Penal Code.| • 11
years’ 10 months’ and 13 days’ imprisonment. • 6 strokes of the cane.  
3rd Charge| Outrage of modesty – punishable under s 354(1) Penal Code.| • 15
months’ imprisonment. • 3 strokes of the cane.  
  
108 Since Ridhwan was convicted of three charges, I was bound to order at
least two of the sentences to run consecutively under s 307 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed). I ordered the sentences for the 2nd and
3rd Charges to run consecutively, giving an aggregate sentence of 13 years’
and one month and 13 days’ imprisonment. The sentence for the 1st Charge was
to run concurrently with that for the 2nd Charge. The aggregate number of
strokes of the cane for all three charges was 13 strokes.

109 For Faris, there was no question of consecutive sentences as he was
convicted on a single charge, ie, the 4th Charge of rape. The sentence was 11
years’ and 10 months’ and 18 days’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane.

110 The sentences for Asep were as follows:

Charge| Offence| Sentence  
---|---|---  
6th Charge| Sexual assault by penetration – s 376(1)(a) punishable under s
376(3) Penal Code (fellatio).| • 9 years’ 11 months’ and 28 days’
imprisonment. • 5 strokes of the cane.  
7th Charge| Attempted rape – s 375(1)(a) punishable under s 375(2) read with s
511 Penal Code.| • 6 years’ imprisonment. • 3 strokes of the cane.  
  
111 I ordered that the sentences for the 6th and 7th Charges run concurrently,
giving an aggregate sentence of nine years’ and 11 months’ and 28 days’
imprisonment. The aggregate number of strokes of the cane was eight for the
two charges.

Conclusion

112 To reiterate, the three accused persons' sentences were as follows:

Charge| Offence| Sentence  
---|---|---  
Ridhwan  
1st Charge| Sexual assault by penetration – s 376(2)(a) punishable under s
376(3) Penal Code (digital-anal penetration).| • 8 years’ imprisonment
(concurrent).• 4 strokes of the cane.  
2nd Charge| Rape – s 375(1)(a) punishable under s 375(2) Penal Code.| • 11
years’ 10 months’ and 13 days’ imprisonment (consecutive).• 6 strokes of the
cane.  
3rd Charge| Outrage of modesty – s 354(1) Penal Code.| • 15 months’
imprisonment (consecutive).• 3 strokes of the cane.  
Aggregate sentence: 13 years’ 1 month and 13 days’ imprisonment and 13 strokes
of the cane.  
Faris  
4th Charge| Rape – s 375(1)(a) punishable under s 375(2) Penal Code.| • 11
years’ 10 months’ and 18 days’ imprisonment. • 6 strokes of the cane.  
Asep  
6th Charge| Sexual assault by penetration – s 376(1)(a) punishable under s
376(3) Penal Code (fellatio).| • 9 years’ 11 months’ and 28 days’ imprisonment
(concurrent). • 5 strokes of the cane.  
7th Charge| Attempted rape – s 375(1)(a) punishable under s 375(2) read with s
511 Penal Code.| • 6 years’ imprisonment (concurrent). • 3 strokes of the
cane.  
Aggregate sentence: 9 years’ 11 months’ and 28 days’ imprisonment and 8
strokes of the cane.  
  
Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Charlene Tay Chia and Gregory Gan (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;  
Ng Joel Yuan-Ming and Ngiam Hian Theng, Diana (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for the
first accused;  
Ng Huiling Cheryl (Intelleigen Legal LLC) for the second accused;  
Tan Chor Hoon Alice (Intelleigen Legal LLC) for the third accused.

  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

