Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 279

Originating Summons No 1106 of 2017 (Summons 3934 of 2019)

Between

(1)| Cosco Nantong Shipyard Co Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Logitel Offshore Rig II Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Logitel Offshore Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Leave]

[Civil Procedure] — [Production of documents] — [Notice to produce]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Cosco Nantong Shipyard Co Ltd

  

v

  

Logitel Offshore Rig II Pte Ltd and another

[2019] SGHC 279

High Court — Originating Summons No 1106 of 2017 (Summons 3934 of 2019)  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
5, 12 September 2019; 26 November 2019

29 November 2019 Ex Tempore Judgment

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 Originating Summons No 1106 of 2017 (“OS 1106”) was brought by Cosco Nantong
Shipyard Co Ltd, the plaintiff, on 29 September 2017 for pre-action discovery
against Logitel Offshore Rig II Pte Ltd and Logitel Offshore Pte Ltd, the
first and second defendants respectively. The defendants’ director, Mr Matthew
Blake, filed an affidavit to oppose OS 1106 (“Blake’s 2nd Affidavit”) on 28
November 2017. Certain financing documents (hereafter called the “Financing
Agreements”) were mentioned in paragraph 57 of Blake’s 2nd Affidavit. The
Financing Agreements became the subject matter of the plaintiff’s Notice to
Produce dated 18 December 2017, issued pursuant to O 24 r 10 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”).

2 The plaintiff filed Summons No 632 of 2018 (“SUM 632”) after the defendants
objected to the production of the Financing Agreements for inspection. The
Assistant Registrar who heard SUM 632 ordered production of two categories of
documents to the plaintiff for inspection (ie, the Financing Agreements).
Registrar’s Appeal No 64 of 2018 (“RA 64”) is the defendants’ appeal against
the decision of the Assistant Registrar. I affirmed the decision of the
Assistant Registrar on 25 July 2019 and the defendants, being dissatisfied
with my decision in RA 64, filed Summons No 3934 of 2019 for leave to appeal
(“SUM 3934”).

3 Having read the written submissions and heard the parties’ oral arguments, I
would dismiss SUM 3934 for the reasons explained below.

4 An appropriate starting point is the abuse of process argument that is
central to the defendants’ application in SUM 3934. Counsel for the
defendants, Mr Davinder Singh SC (“Mr Singh”), explained that although no
specific authority was cited during the hearing of RA 64 to make good the
abuse of process argument, there is in fact authority for the proposition. He
referred to Tyco Australia Pty Limited v Leighton Contractors Pty Limited
[2005] FCAFC 115 (“Tyco”) (the “Tyco principle”) in support of the abuse of
process argument. I would reference the abuse of process argument with the
plaintiff’s contention that abuse of process was only raised in RA 64 in the
limited context of O 24 r 13(1) of the ROC, namely whether the production of
the Financing Agreements for inspection is necessary for either disposing
fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs. Having compared the
parties’ written submissions and oral arguments before the Assistant Registrar
and in RA 64, I accept the plaintiff’s contention as it is substantiated by
the material before me.

5 Before going into the defendants’ written submissions in RA 64, a quick
narration of the relevant procedural history would be helpful. After the
plaintiff filed its Notice to Produce which sought the production of thirteen
categories of documents, the defendants filed their Notice Where Documents May
Be Inspected on 12 January 2018 (“the defendants’ Notice”) agreeing only to
the production of three out of the thirteen categories of documents. In
particular, the defendants objected to the production of the Financing
Agreements on the sole ground that they were not in their possession, custody
or power. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Third affidavit of Mr Blake dated 12 February 2018, p 82.

It is evident that the abuse of process argument was not contemplated in the
defendants’ Notice.

6 As a consequence, the plaintiff filed SUM 632 on 2 February 2018 seeking
production of the remaining ten categories of documents including the
Financing Agreements.

7 In the defendants’ reply affidavit for SUM 632 filed by Mr Blake on 12
February 2018, the following grounds of objection were raised in relation to
the Financing Agreements:

(1) The financing agreements are confidential

…

(2) The financing agreements are not in the PCP of the Defendants

…

(3) The request for inspection for the financing documents is a transparent
attempt of the Defendants to circumvent the rules of pre-action discovery and
obtain documents in relation to its Proposed Claims, which is an abuse of
process of this Honourable Court.

…

48\. I am advised and verily believe that it is wholly inappropriate on an
interlocutory application such as this for the Plaintiff to use the
application as a vehicle to seek disclosure of documentation that is the very
subject-matter of its substantive application in OS 1106. Further, allowing
inspection of the financing documents would be tantamount to allowing the
Plaintiff to circumvent the rules of pre-action discovery to obtain documents
in relation to its Proposed Claims and to obtain the identities of the
prospective defendants. This appears to be an abuse of process of this
Honourable Court. It will be recalled that the power and/or jurisdiction of
this Honourable Court to determine the substantive application in OS 1106 is
being challenged by the Defendants.

(4) It is not necessary for inspection of the financing documents to be
granted for the saving of costs or for the fair disposal of the matter

[emphasis in original]

8 The position taken before the Assistant Registrar who heard SUM 632 can be
summarised as such. Four main grounds were raised by the defendants: (a)
confidentiality; (b) lack of possession, custody or power; (c) abuse of
process; and (d) lack of necessity. In particular, abuse of process as a
ground, if successful, would serve to “knock out”, so to speak, SUM 632
without the need to go into the other three grounds. Before the Assistant
Registrar, the point on abuse of process in the form of the plaintiff’s
purported circumvention of the requirements of pre-action discovery was
ventilated but it was conflated with the point about the use of discovered
documents to commence litigation outside Singapore (ie, the Riddick
principle). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript for SUM 632, 5 March 2018, pages 18 to 19.

9 For present purposes, I set out the material part of the Assistant
Registrar’s decision on 12 March 2018 concerning abuse of process:

I do not accept the argument that the request for these documents is an
attempt to circumvent the rules of pre-action discovery and is an abuse of
process. Given that reference was made to these documents in the Defendants’
affidavit, the Plaintiff is entitled to proceed under O 24 r 11 of the Rules
of Court. I note too that the Plaintiff’s counsel has indicated that the
Plaintiff will subject themselves to any implied undertaking restricting the
use of the documents until the hearing of the Originating Summons itself, so
the Defendants’ concern that the Plaintiff can use the documents to commence
proceedings in other jurisdictions is unfounded.

10 The submissions in RA 64 before me, however, took on a different shape.
This is most apparent from the defendants’ submissions in RA 64, which I turn
to now. The material portions of the defendants’ written submissions dated 2
July 2018 state:

IV. MAIN ISSUES – RA 64

…

(1) The Financing Agreements are not “necessary” and their production would
amount to an abuse of process

…

46\. A further relevant question for the Court to consider in determining
whether it is ‘necessary’ to order production of the Financing Agreements is
whether the Defendants place any reliance on, or attribute any probative value
to, the Financing Agreements in their evidence filed in OS 1106. Putting it
another way, as the Court in SK Shipping … asked at [38], are the documents
“indisputably critical documents… [which] form an integral part of the
[Defendants’] case”? It is only where the documents are important, and
reliance is placed on their existence and content by the party that refers to
them in evidence, that fairness dictates that the court should order their
production for the benefit of the other party. It is only in such
circumstances that it can be said that the other party is, or may be, at a
disadvantage by reason of the non-production of the documents.

47\. The position here is that the Financing Agreements are clearly not
“critical documents” that form an “integral part” of the Defendants’ case. In
fact, the converse is true: it is the Plaintiff’s case to which the Financing
Agreements are said to be critical. Indeed, they are at the heart of the main
OS 1106 application for pre-action discovery, and it follows that the
Plaintiff ought to be required to make its case good in that main application
(to which a different and more stringent test applies) before it is entitled
to an order for production of these documents.

48\. In this context, the Plaintiff’s attempts to obtain production of these
documents and (in doing so) thereby circumvent any requirement to make good
their case for pre-action discovery in OS 1106, are nothing short of an abuse
of process. This is because the Plaintiff does not need inspection of the
Financing Documents to file a reply affidavit in OS 1106. The Defendant also
does not rely on the Financing Documents to establish its case in OS 1106. The
Plaintiff’s argument essentially boils down to this: it seeks production of
the Financing Documents requested in OS 1106 (via the Production Application)
in order to determine whether it is entitled to the relief sought in OS 1106.
Yet the relief sought in OS 1106 is the production of those self-same
Financing Documents. The argument is circular.

[emphasis added]

11 On an objective reading of the two paragraphs set out above, the abuse of
process averred to in the defendants’ written submissions is not quite the
same point raised by Mr Singh in the leave to appeal application (ie, SUM
3934). In brief, Mr Singh submits that the Tyco principle takes on two hues:
(a) a Notice to Produce calling for the production of the very documents that
are the subject of an underlying pre-action discovery application is prima
facie an abuse of process (per Hely J); and (b) the same production may or may
not constitute abuse of process depending on the facts and circumstances (per
Hill J). While the language in the written submissions for RA 64 above may be
reminiscent of that employed in Tyco, the two points are arguably distinct.

12 My attention was also drawn to two other paragraphs in the defendants’
written submissions:

IV. MAIN ISSUES – RA 64

…

34\. The Defendants’ position, on the other hand, can be summarized as
follows:

…

(b) The Financing Agreements are therefore not necessary for the Plaintiff to
respond to paragraphs 57 and 58 of Mr Blake’s 2nd Affidavit, in order to
determine OS 1106. In fact, ordering such production would amount to an abuse
of process.

…

V. RA 63

…

85\. The Court should not sanction the Plaintiff’s attempt to circumvent due
process and obtain the Financing Agreements by the back-door. The Court should
be vigilant to prevent such abuse of its processes. This is especially
important in the present case where the Defendants have a threshold objection
to the Court’s jurisdiction in the OS 1106 proceedings; namely that the Court
cannot grant the pre-action discovery sought by way of the Principal
Disclosure Requests, in circumstances where the substantive action
contemplated in light of such disclosure will not be in Singapore.

13 Neither of these two paragraphs assist the defendants’ present leave to
appeal application. For the same reasons stated earlier, paragraph 34(b) of
the defendants’ written submissions clearly makes a different point from Tyco.
As for paragraph 85, it should be highlighted that the defendants’ above
submissions dated 2 July 2018 were tendered for both Registrar’s Appeal No 63
of 2018 (“RA 63”), being the defendants’ application to amend Mr Blake’s
affidavits, RA 64 as well as Summons 2186 of 2018 (“SUM 2186”), being the
defendants’ application to adduce further evidence for RA 64. It is evident
that the reference to abuse of process therein was made in the context of RA
63. At the hearing that followed on 4 – 5 July 2018, the then counsel for
defendants, Mr Bazul Ashhab (“Mr Bazul”), made no other submission (written or
oral) relating to abuse of process, save for the reference to the same
paragraph 85. In my view, that reference to abuse of process is plainly a
generic one, in contradistinction to the Tyco principle now raised by the
defendants. It suffices to note that on 5 July 2018 I dismissed RA 63 and
adjourned the hearing of RA 64 and SUM 2186 to a date to be fixed.

14 Not unlike the defendants’ aforementioned written submissions, there was no
reference to abuse of process in the Tyco sense (or any sense for that matter)
in the defendants’ further written submissions for RA 64 dated 22 July 2019.
It is apparent that the further written submissions centred on the issue of
whether the Financing Agreements could be said to be in the possession,
custody or power of the defendants, as had been first stated in the
defendants’ Notice. Tellingly, the transcript of the proceedings for RA 64
from 24 – 25 July 2019 also do not touch on abuse of process, whether in the
Tyco sense or otherwise. Therefore, to this extent, I agree with counsel for
the plaintiff, Mr Toh Kian Sing SC (“Mr Toh”), that the defendants’
circumvention point had not been explicitly canvassed before me in RA 64 in
the manner suggested by Mr Singh and hence it is a new point.

15 Be that as it may, even taking the defendants’ case at its highest – that
the abuse of process argument had been raised in RA 64 and is thus not a new
point – I find that the test laid out in Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong [1997]
2 SLR(R) 862 (“Lee Kuan Yew”) for granting leave to appeal against my decision
in RA 64 has not been satisfied.

16 Before I turn to the test set out in Lee Kuan Yew, I make the following
points. The defendants’ characterisation of the plaintiff’s Notice to Produce
under O 24 r 10 as a circumvention of the requirements of pre-action discovery
and hence an abuse of process, is a distraction. The truth of the matter is
that there is no procedural bar to the plaintiff serving a Notice to Produce
under O 24 r 10 in the context of an application for pre-action discovery
under O 24 r 6 of the ROC. In fact, O 24 r 6(8) extends O 24 r 10 and O 24 r
11 to applications for pre-action discovery. This is the position held by
Professor Jeffrey Pinsler – that “a party seeking discovery under [O 24 r 6]
may avail himself of the provisions in rr 10 and 11, if he needs to do so”
(Singapore Court Practice 2018 (Jeffrey Pinsler SC, gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2018)
at para 24/6/12). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s further written submissions in SUM 3934, paragraph 18.

17 It follows that the serving of the Notice to Produce (including SUM 632) is
not for a collateral purpose and, as such, there is no reason to view it as an
abuse of process. What transpired is that the defendants here, by means of Mr
Blake’s 2nd Affidavit, unwittingly created an opportunity that the plaintiff
spotted and it seized that opportunity by seeking production of the Financing
Agreements referred to therein. There is nothing untoward in and about what
the plaintiff did invoking O 24 r 10 to gain a litigation advantage. Any
decent counsel presented with the same opportunity would have done the same
thing.

18 I now turn to the three limbs of the test in Lee Kuan Yew.

19 First, there is no prima facie error of law in the decision in RA 64. In my
view, the line of cases beginning with Tyco in Australia does not assist the
defendants’ case. Regardless of the precise contours of the Tyco principle, I
do not consider it applicable in Singapore. The relevant ROC regime in
Singapore is unambiguous. The linchpin of the plaintiff’s application for the
Financing Agreements is O 24 r 6(8) of the ROC. O 24 r 6 enshrines the pre-
action discovery regime. Rule 6(8) when read with rr 10 and 11 deems any
application for inspection and production of documents referred to in an
affidavit for the pre-action discovery, a “cause or matter”. Put differently,
the ROC clearly contemplates and connects the provisions of O 24 r 10 and
orders for production of documents for inspection in O 24 r 11 to O 24 r 6
pre-action discovery applications. That is the very import of O 24 r 6(8).

20 Moreover, the procedural regime in Singapore offers safeguards in at least
two ways: (a) the requirement of possession, custody or power of the party
asked to produce the documents (per O 24 r 11(2)); and (b) the test of
necessity for disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs (per
O 24 r 13(1)). It is not a case of carte blanche for the plaintiff. Seen in
this light, the defendants’ assertions that the plaintiff’s Notice to Produce
and SUM 632 are attempts to circumvent the more stringent requirements of pre-
action discovery are ill-founded. I have already dealt with rr 11 and 13 in RA
64, both of which are in any case, findings of fact that do not fall within
this ground of error of law.

21 I now turn to the second limb. I do not consider there to be a question of
general principle to be decided for the first time. According to counsel for
both parties, there has been no published decision in Singapore on the
application of O 24 rr 10 and 11 in the context of O 24 r 6 of the ROC. While
that appears to be true, I find it unnecessary for a decision to be made on
this because the answer to the question is already clearly prescribed in O 24
r 6(8) as explained above.

22 For the same reasons, the third limb of the test in Lee Kuan Yew is not
satisfied. I do not consider this case to involve a question of such
importance that its determination by a higher tribunal would be advantageous
to the public. In addition, given the fact-centric nature of the inquiry into
issues of possession, custody or power, and necessity under O 24 rr 11 and 13,
I find that the present case is not one that engages public interest
considerations.

23 For the reasons stated, SUM 3934 is dismissed with costs to the plaintiff.
Parties are to agree on costs. If parties are unable to come to an agreement,
they are to exchange and tender to court their respective written submissions
on quantum of costs plus disbursements limited to one page no later than 16
December 2019.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge

  
Toh Kian Sing SC, Davis Tan Yong Chuan and Lau Chuan Ying, Rebekah (Rajah &
Tann Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Davinder Singh SC, Jaikanth Shankar and Srruthi Ilankathir (Instructed
Counsel) (Davinder Singh Chambers LLC),  
Bazul Ashhab bin Abdul Kader, Chan Cong Yen, Lionel, Ashvin Shanmugaraj Thevar
(Oon & Bazul LLP) for the first and second defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

