Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGHC 94

Originating Summons No 177 of 2019

Between

BWN  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

BWO  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Building and Construction Law] — [Building and construction related
contracts] — [Guarantees and bonds]

[Credit and Security] — [Performance bond]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BWN

  

v

  

BWO

[2019] SGHC 94

High Court — Originating Summons No 177 of 2019  
Ang Cheng Hock JC  
11 February 2019

12 April 2019

Ang Cheng Hock JC:

Introduction

1 This was an ex parte application by the applicant for an interim injunction
to restrain the respondent from calling on and/or receiving payment on
performance bonds issued by the applicant’s bankers in the context of a
dispute over a construction project where there is already an ongoing
arbitration between the applicant and respondent. After hearing the applicant
on an urgent basis, I granted the order sought. The respondent did not apply
to set aside the order but instead appealed against it. I set out herein the
grounds of my decision.

Background to the application

2 The applicant is a construction company specialising in, amongst other
things, interior decoration. The respondent is a building and construction
company who was appointed as the main contractor for works pertaining to a
hotel located at [address redacted] (“the Project”).

3 The applicant was engaged by the respondent in the capacity of a nominated
sub-contractor under two separate sub-contracts (“the Sub-Contracts”):

(a) The Nominated Sub-Contract for Hotel Works; and

(b) The Nominated Sub-Contract for Retail Podium Works.

4 Both Sub-Contracts are governed by the Singapore Institute of Architects
Conditions of Sub-Contract for use in conjunction with the Main Contract (4th
Ed, 2011) (“the SIA Conditions”). The SIA Conditions contain an arbitration
clause.

5 As is usual in the construction industry, the Sub-Contracts required the
applicant, as the sub-contractor, to furnish performance bonds from a bank in
favour of the respondent of an amount equal to 10% of the Sub-Contract sum.
Pursuant to this requirement, the applicant procured its bankers, United
Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”), to issue two performance bonds in favour of the
respondent, one for each Sub-Contract (“the performance bonds”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Tan Kin Siong (“TKS affidavit”) at pp 2506 – 2508, and pp 2510 –
2512.

The total guaranteed amount by UOB under the performance bonds is
$1,054,637.00.

6 Both the performance bonds were “on demand” guarantees, which had terms that
are in pari materia. It was provided in both performance bonds that: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

TKS affidavit, pp 2507, 2511.

[UOB] unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes and covenants to pay in full
forthwith upon demand in writing any sum or sums that may from time to time be
demanded by [the respondent] up to a maximum aggregate sum of … without
requiring any proof that [the respondent] is entitled to such sum or sums
under [the Sub-Contract] or that [the applicant] has failed to execute [the
Sub-Contract] or is otherwise in breach of [the Sub-Contract]. [original
emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

7 I should add that both performance bonds are valid from 1 April 2016 to 31
August 2019, but will automatically be extended for successive periods of six
months each, unless UOB gives the respondent prior notice of its intention not
to extend the performance bonds, whereupon the respondent will then be
entitled, amongst other things, to call for payment under the bonds: cl 3 of
the performance bonds. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

TKS affidavit, pp 2507, 2511.

8 The commencement date of the Project was 1 April 2016 and the contract
completion date was 30 November 2017. However, that completion date was
extended several times due to various delays in the Project. At the time of
the hearing before me, the Project had been substantially completed and the
owner was inspecting the work for defects.

9 Disputes arose between the applicant and respondent in late 2017 over
whether the respondent should have granted an extension of time to the
applicant for the latter to complete its works. The applicant then commenced
arbitration proceedings against the respondent on 25 April 2018, pursuant to
the arbitration clauses in the two Sub-Contracts.

10 By September 2018, the parties had filed all their pleadings in the
arbitration.

11 In January 2019, the applicant filed an application under s 211B(1) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”) to seek a moratorium for
a period of 90 days to, amongst other things, restrain all proceedings against
the applicant while it pursued ongoing plans to propose a scheme of
arrangement under s 210 of the Companies Act in relation to the amounts that
are owed to its creditors (“s 211B application”). On 7 February 2019, I heard
the applicant and several of its creditors on that s 211B application. I
granted the moratorium sought save that, amongst other things, the arbitration
proceedings between the applicant and respondent was permitted to continue.
The reason for this was that the scheme to be proposed by the applicant was
premised on the continuing of the arbitration. This was because the applicant
was said to have a substantial claim against the respondent in the
arbitration. Recovery from a successful outcome in the arbitration would go
into the pool of assets for distribution to the applicant’s creditors.

12 Three days before the hearing of the s 211B application, on 4 February
2019, the respondent called on the full amount in the performance bonds by
giving notice in writing to UOB. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

TKS affidavit, pp 2504, 2505, 2509.

Both notices simply stated, in its material part, that “[w]e hereby give your
office notice that the contractor … is in breach of the contract with our
office”.

13 The applicant only learnt on Thursday, 7 February 2019 after the hearing of
the s 211B application that there had been a call on the performance bonds.
The preceding two days, 5 and 6 February 2019, were the Chinese New Year
public holidays. The applicant then filed this application and its supporting
affidavit on Monday, 11 February 2019. Due to the urgency of the matter, the
application was filed on an ex parte basis. I acceded to the request of the
applicant to hear the application in the evening of the same day.

The hearing on 11 February 2019

14 Counsel for both the applicant and respondent appeared before me for the
hearing of this matter. I was informed by counsel for the applicant, Mr
Shankar s/o Angammah Sevasamy (“Mr Shankar”), that the papers for the
application had just been served on the respondent’s solicitors. Mr Benedict
Tan Yixun (“Mr Tan”), who appeared for the respondent, confirmed that.

15 Mr Tan informed me that he had his client’s instructions to appear at the
hearing and state its objections to the application. Other than that, he had
no “detailed instructions” yet. He did not apply for an adjournment nor did he
ask for time for the respondent to file an affidavit in reply to the
applicant’s affidavit in support of the application. As such, the application
proceeded before me as an ex parte hearing, albeit with opposing counsel
present.

16 Mr Shankar’s submission on behalf of the applicant was that the respondent
had acted unconscionably in calling on the performance bonds. Several points
were made. First, it was argued that, while the strict terms of the
performance bonds were complied with when the calls on the bonds were made,
the respondent had not sufficiently shown that cl 25.1 of the Supplementary
Conditions to both of the Sub-Contracts was applicable. The clause in question
provides that the respondent can draw on the performance bonds “in pursuance
of any Conditions herein where [the respondent] is entitled to deduct any
monies from [the applicant]”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

TKS affidavit, pp 130, 1552.

Mr Shankar argued that the Sub-Contracts thus made it clear that the
respondent could call on the performance bonds only when it was entitled to
claim a deduction of monies pursuant to a condition of the Sub-Contracts from
any sums due to the applicant. However, the respondent had not explained or
clarified which condition of the Sub-Contracts it was relying on to assert
that it was entitled to claim such deductions of monies from the applicant. As
already referred to earlier at [12], its notices to UOB simply stated that the
applicant had breached the Sub-Contracts. There was also no explanation as to
why the full amount of the bonds were being called upon. In other words, the
call on the performance bonds were not substantiated.

17 Mr Shankar’s second main argument was that, in any event, the issue of
whether the respondent is entitled to claim any deduction from the payments
due to the applicant is already a matter before the arbitral tribunal in the
arbitration, where the respondent has raised a substantial counterclaim. He
explained that the reason the applicant had not applied to the arbitral
tribunal for an interim injunction in respect of the call on the performance
bonds was because it was unclear whether the rules which governed the
arbitration granted the tribunal the power to grant such interim relief. Also,
and more importantly, because of the urgency of the matter, given that UOB was
imminently about to make payment on the bonds to the respondent, there was not
enough time to seek interim relief before the tribunal.

18 Finally, Mr Shankar pointed out that the dispute between the parties as to
whether the applicant was entitled to an extension of time has been brewing
since November 2017. The applicant’s solicitors’ first letter was sent to the
respondent on the issue in February 2018. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

TKS affidavit, pp 2514-2515.

However, the respondent waited until 4 February 2019 to call on the
performance bonds. The timing of the call, on the eve of Chinese New Year,
also suggested that the respondent was being “strategic” – it was hoping the
applicant would not have time to react and obtain injunctive relief. Worse,
the respondent had appeared at the s 211B hearing on the morning of 7 February
2019 and did not apprise the court of the call on the bonds. Instead, the
respondent did not object to the s 211B application and, in fact, argued that
the moratorium should also cover the arbitration proceedings. In other words,
the respondent was trying to stymie the applicant’s claim against it in the
arbitration and delay the arbitral adjudication of its counterclaim, while at
the same time calling for immediate payment under the performance bonds.

My decision

19 It is well established under our law that, quite apart from fraud,
unconscionability exists as a distinct ground which may be invoked in seeking
an order for the court to restrain payment on a demand under a performance
bond: Bocotra Construction Pte Ltd and others v Attorney-General [1995] 2
SLR(R) 262 at [46], [48] and [53]; GHL Pte Ltd v Unitrack Building
Construction Pte Ltd and another [1999] 3 SLR(R) 44 at [16] and [20]; JBE
Properties Pte Ltd v Gammon Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 47 at [6], [9]–[11] and [13];
BS Mount Sophia Pte Ltd v Join-Aim Pte Ltd [2012] 3 SLR 352 (“Mount Sophia”)
at [18]; and Arab Banking Corp (B.S.C) v Boustead Singapore Ltd [2016] 3 SLR
557 (“Arab Banking”) at [101]–[104]. As the Court of Appeal stated in Arab
Banking at [104]:

… Essentially, it seems to us that the unconscionability exception exists
because we recognise that in certain circumstances, even where the account
party [the party who procured the performance bond to be issued in favour of
the beneficiary] cannot show that the beneficiary had been fraudulent in
calling on the bond, it would nevertheless be unfair for the beneficiary to
realise his security pending resolution of the substantive dispute. In other
words, on one view, the unconscionability exception serves to protect the
account party from unfair demands by the beneficiary to have the secured sum
in hand in circumstances where there has not yet been a final determination as
to whether he is actually entitled to that sum. … [emphasis in original]

20 It has been said that unconscionability encompasses elements of abuse,
unfairness or dishonesty: Mount Sophia at [19]. Unconscionability is broader
in scope than fraud, and it acknowledges that conduct exhibited by the
beneficiary other than fraud might be sufficiently reprehensible to justify
intervention by way of equitable relief: Mount Sophia at [23].
Unconscionability is a label applied to describe unsatisfactory conduct
tainted by bad faith, and a precise definition of the concept of
unconscionability would not be useful because its value is its flexibility in
that it can capture a wide range of conduct demonstrating a lack of bona
fides: Mount Sophia at [36]. The Court of Appeal in Mount Sophia went on state
at [37]:

Although unconscionability itself may not carry a precise definition, from the
beneficiary’s point of view, what constitutes unconscionable conduct should be
reasonably apparent. ... If the beneficiary’s call on the bond is motivated by
improper purposes, or such a call cannot be justified with clear evidence; or
in any other situation where the beneficiary is less than certain about his
entitlement to call on the bond and for what amount, the beneficiary ought to
take a step back and re-examine its entitlement and conduct prior to calling
on the bond. … [emphasis added]

21 The party seeking relief must show a strong prima facie case of
unconscionability; the court will consider all the relevant facts of the case,
taking into account the parties’ conduct leading up to the call on the bond:
Mount Sophia at [20], [44]–[45].

22 In this case, on the basis of the applicant’s affidavit evidence, and after
hearing the matter on an ex parte basis, I find that the applicant has shown a
strong prima facie case of unconscionability in the call on the performance
bonds made on 4 February 2019. This is because it appeared to me that cl 25.1
of the Supplementary Conditions to the Sub-Contracts has not been satisfied.
That clause provided the contractual basis for the respondent’s entitlement to
call on the bonds. It permits the respondent to draw from the performance
bonds where the respondent is otherwise entitled to deduct any monies from
sums due to the applicant pursuant to a condition of the Sub-Contract. There
was no indication by the respondent in its call on the bonds, or in any of the
correspondence before me, which Sub-Contract condition it was relying on to
claim payment from the applicant. A mere reference to the applicant being in
breach of the Sub-Contract may be sufficient for the purposes of the terms of
the bonds, but that is certainly not sufficient as between the applicant and
respondent inter se in the context of this application for interim relief.
When I asked Mr Tan whether he could inform me which condition of the Sub-
Contract the respondent was relying on to claim payment from the applicant,
his answer was that he would need to take his client’s instructions before he
could deal with this point.

23 Furthermore, the timing of the call on the performance bonds does call into
question the bona fides of the respondent. There was no explanation in any of
the correspondence placed before me as to the reason the respondent had
decided only to call on the performance bonds almost ten months into the
arbitration proceedings where it had already raised a substantial counterclaim
against the applicant. Neither was there anything in the correspondence as to
why the respondent was calling on the full guaranteed sum under the
performance bonds, that is, $1,054,637.00. The circumstances were clearly such
that some clear explanation of the respondent’s conduct and substantiation of
its claim was called for. However, as mentioned earlier at [15], there was no
indication that the respondent wished to file an affidavit in reply to the
application.

24 In this regard, I did not have the benefit of the papers that the parties
had filed in the arbitration before me so I could not discern the basis of the
respondent’s allegation that there were breaches of contract by the applicant
and what it was claiming via its counterclaim in the arbitration.

25 Mr Tan did, however, inform me that, apart from the applicant’s breaches of
the Sub-Contract, the respondent was also relying on cl 13.4 of the SIA
Conditions (which form part of the Sub-Contracts), which provides, amongst
other things, that should the applicant enter into any agreement of
composition or deed of arrangement with its creditors, then the Sub-Contract
would be automatically terminated with the applicant being liable for damages
as if it had wrongfully repudiated the Sub-Contract.

26 I did not see how cl 13.4 could apply to the situation at hand since the
applicant had not yet, as at the date of the hearing, entered into any deed of
arrangement with its creditors. What had been ordered on 7 February 2019 in
the s 211B application was a moratorium for a period of 90 days to enable the
applicant to propose a scheme of arrangement. Also, when Mr Shankar informed
me that the parties were still proceeding with the Sub-Contract on the basis
that it was still alive, with some works still being carried out by the
applicant, Mr Tan acknowledged that this was in fact the case.

27 For the reasons above, I was of the view that the applicant had, on its
affidavit evidence before me, shown that the respondent’s call on the
performance bonds was not in accordance with cl 25.1 of the Supplementary
Conditions to the Sub-Contracts, and that the respondent’s conduct was unfair
and lacking in bona fides. Hence, the applicant had established a strong prima
facie case, on an ex parte basis, that the call on the performance bonds was
unconscionable and should be restrained by way of an injunction.

28 The applicant had prayed for the injunction to last until and unless the
applicant is adjudged by the arbitral tribunal to be liable for sums due to
the respondent in the ongoing arbitration. Given that the tribunal would
undoubtedly be more familiar with the details of the dispute between the
parties and their respective claims against each other, I indicated to the
parties that I was minded to order that the interim injunction restraining
receipt of monies by the respondent under the performance bonds would last
only until such time that the issue can be properly considered by the arbitral
tribunal – the issue being whether an injunction should be in place, until a
determination by the tribunal of the sums, if any, due from the applicant to
the respondent. Such an approach would be consistent with ss 31(1) and (2) of
the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“Arbitration Act”) which provides
that:

Court’s powers exercisable in support of arbitral proceedings

31.—(1) The Court shall have the following powers for the purpose of and in
relation to an arbitration to which this Act applies:

…

(d) an interim injunction or any other interim measure.

(2) An order made by the Court under this section shall cease to have effect
in whole or in part (as the case may be) if the arbitral tribunal, or any such
arbitral or other institution or person having power to act in relation to the
subject-matter of the order, makes an order which expressly relates to the
whole or part of that order of the Court.

29 The respondent’s counsel, Mr Tan, expressed his agreement to such an
approach. He informed me that the respondent would actually prefer to argue
this issue inter partes before the tribunal at a subsequent date, if the court
was going to grant the interim injunction on an ex parte basis for the time
being. This was a sensible position for the respondent to take.

30 As for Mr Shankar’s concern that the rules governing the arbitration did
not give the tribunal such powers to grant an interim injunction, I did not
agree that such a concern should prevent me from making the order. The
arbitration clause in this case was the usual one in the SIA Conditions. The
arbitration was governed by the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore Institute
of Architects for the time being in force. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

TKS affidavit, p 113.

Article 5.1 of these rules provide that the tribunal has the widest discretion
allowed by law to ensure a just, expeditious, economical and final
determination of the dispute between the parties. In my view, it was for the
arbitral tribunal to decide in the first instance, after hearing full
arguments from parties, whether it had the power to grant an interim
injunction against the respondent. It was also open for parties to agree that
the tribunal can exercise such a power if there was any doubt as to its
existence: s 28(1) of the Arbitration Act. It appeared to me that the
respondent would not be taking the point that the tribunal lacked such a power
given that Mr Tan had informed me that the respondent would prefer to argue
the issue inter partes before the tribunal. In any event, if the tribunal did
nonetheless decide that it lacked such a power for whatever reason, it would
be open for either party to apply to court to vary my order or set it aside if
there was a basis to do so.

31 For the above reasons, I granted the interim injunction sought but on terms
that it should subsist only until any further order by the arbitral tribunal
to vary, discharge or affirm the injunction. I also reserved the costs of the
application to the arbitral tribunal.

32 On 14 February 2019, the respondent’s solicitors wrote to court to ask for
further arguments to persuade me that the order I made should not have been
granted in the first place. Given that the application was heard on an ex
parte basis, this was a rather puzzling request. I directed the Registry to
write to the respondent’s solicitors to inform them that, if the respondent
wished to set aside the order made on 11 February 2019, it should file an
application to set aside the order. I would then hear the parties inter
partes. In my view, writing in for further arguments was not the proper step
to take because the respondent’s counsel had not made any substantive
arguments at the hearing on 11 February 2019. I thus declined to hear any
further arguments.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judicial Commissioner

Shankar s/o Angammah Sevasamy, Partheban s/o Pandiyan and Muralli Rajaram (K&L
Gates Straits Law LLC) for the applicant;  
Tan Yixun, Benedict (Essex LLC) for the respondent.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

