Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2019] SGHC 224

Magistrate’s Appeals Nos 9079 and 9080 of 2017

Between

(1) Tay Wee Kiat

(2) Chia Yun Ling

… Appellants in MA 9079/2017/01 and MA 9080/2017/01

Respondents in MA 9079/2017/02 and MA 9080/2017/02

And

Public Prosecutor

… Respondent in MA 9079/2017/01 and MA 9080/2017/01

Appellant in MA 9079/2017/02 and MA 9080/2017/02

Ex Tempore Judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Commencement of
sentence] — [Varying compensation order]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tay Wee Kiat and another

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor and another appeal

[2019] SGHC 224

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeals Nos 9079 and 9080 of 2017  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Tay Yong Kwang JA and See Kee Oon J  
20 September 2019

20 September 2019

See Kee Oon J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Commencement of sentences

1 These matters are before this court to determine the appropriate
commencement dates for the sentences that we had previously imposed upon the
conclusion of these appeals on 2 March 2018. We agree with the Prosecution and
order the sentences that we had previously imposed to commence at the expiry
of the sentences that the accused persons are currently serving. We do not see
any valid reason for the sentences to commence on an earlier date as that
would virtually enable the accused persons to evade punishment entirely for
one set of offences.

2 In particular, we are conscious that there are two victims involved in two
separate sets of proceedings. Moreover, we are of the opinion that the
respective global sentences for each of the accused persons are not crushing
or disproportionate, and properly reflect the overall criminality of the
offences.

Compensation

3 In addition, the Prosecution has drawn our attention to the question of
compensation. We had previously heard the parties’ further submissions in
respect of compensation and ordered compensation for the victim (Fitriyah) as
well as default imprisonment terms if the compensation sums are not paid. We
note that the accused persons have yet to pay the amounts ordered. On this
basis, the Prosecution now urges us to make further directions with a view to
ordering garnishment or attachment of the accused persons’ property for the
purposes of satisfying the unpaid compensation sums.

4 In our view, if the Prosecution had wanted to seek orders for examination
and garnishment, the necessary directions ought to have been sought at the
last hearing before us. If we were to accede to the Prosecution’s present
request for the court to exercise its powers under s 360(1) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”), it would amount to a variation
of the orders we had previously made. While we recognise that s 360(1) of the
CPC does not limit the court to one mode of enforcing payment of compensation,
we are not inclined to accede to the Prosecution’s request.

5 In this connection, we wish to make some observations in relation to
compensation orders. We consider that the Prosecution’s request would result
in precisely what the compensation regime under the CPC should seek to avoid –
undue protraction of proceedings by converting a concluded criminal matter
into “quasi-civil” enforcement proceedings over which extended judicial
oversight has to be exercised. We had cautioned against such a prospect in our
supplementary judgment in Tay Wee Kiat and another v PP and another appeal
[2018] 5 SLR 438 at [8]. The court would have to direct further inquiries into
the offenders’ means and assets, and thereafter consider the further exercise
of its powers under s 360(1) of the CPC. This places undue strain on limited
judicial resources and investigative resources, since the investigation
officer should continue to assist in facilitating payment to the victim. For
similar reasons, we decline to prescribe a “two-step framework”, as proposed
by the Prosecution, for how compensation orders should be made. Instead, in
cases where the Prosecution is seeking a compensation order, the Prosecution
should also consider which of the default mechanisms prescribed in s 360(1)
CPC it wishes to seek. The court will be well-placed to consider how best to
deal with the case at hand. There is in any case no evidence to suggest that
existing practices and processes for the making of compensation orders are
seriously deficient or unworkable for the majority of cases.

6 It may be argued that offenders might be incentivised to serve the default
terms as opposed to paying the court-ordered compensation sum where the amount
involved is large. But often, compensation amounts are fairly modest as they
are quantified on a rough-and-ready basis. In most cases, offenders with
sufficient means are likely to pay (and do pay) the compensation amount to
avoid serving the default term. While there may be others who might choose not
to pay compensation or remain adamant on not paying in any event, these
persons constitute the minority.

7 In cases where it is clear to the court that the offender in question will
not be willing or able to pay the victim, there is at least one other option
available to help the victim secure a part, if not all, of the compensation
amount. The victim may apply for victim compensation through the Community
Justice Centre’s Victim Assistance Scheme. The amount that may be obtained is
generally capped at about $1,000 (per compensation order).

8 In the course of the hearing, we sought and obtained confirmation from both
the accused persons that they intend to serve the default sentences. Hence
there is no further issue as to the compensation orders.

Conclusion

9 In summary, we order the sentences that we had previously imposed to
commence after the expiry of the sentences that the accused persons are
currently serving. We decline to exercise our powers to make further
directions in relation to compensation or to consider if any other orders
should be made under s 360(1) of the CPC.

Sundaresh Menon Tay Yong Kwang See Kee Oon  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge

The appellants in MA 9079/2017/01 and MA 9080/2017/01 and the respondents in
MA 9079/2017/02 and MA 9080/2017/02 in person;  
Tan Wen Hsien and Angela Ang (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondents
in MA 9079/2017/01 and MA 9080/2017/01 and the appellants in MA 9079/2017/02
and MA 9080/2017/02.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

