Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2019] SGCA 51

Civil Appeal No 1 of 2019

Between

(1)| Sun Electric Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Sun Electric Power Pte Ltd  
  
… Appellants

And

(1)| Menrva Solutions Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Chan Lap Fung Bernard  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of HC/Suit No 200 of 2016

Between

(1)| Sun Electric Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Sun Electric Power Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Menrva Solutions Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Chan Lap Fung Bernard  
  
… Defendants

ex Tempore judgment

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Contract] — [Privity of contract] — [Common law]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Duty of care]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Breach of duty]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Causation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sun Electric Pte Ltd and another

  

v

  

Menrva Solutions Pte Ltd and another

[2019] SGCA 51

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 1 of 2019  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Belinda Ang Saw Ean J and Woo Bih Li J  
26 September 2019

26 September 2019

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This is an appeal by the first appellant, Sun Electric Pte Ltd (“SE”), and
the second appellant, Sun Electric Power Pte Ltd (“SE Power”), against the
decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in Sun Electric Pte Ltd v
Menrva Solutions Pte Ltd [2018] SGHC 264.

2 Having carefully considered the written as well as oral submissions of the
parties, we dismiss the appeal. Turning first to the claims in contract, we
agree with the Judge’s decision that there was only breach of cl 1(b)(v)(a) of
the Consulting Agreement. There was no breach of sub-cll (b) to (e). In any
event, we are not persuaded that the losses sustained by SE Power were caused
by any of the alleged breaches of sub-cll (b) to (e).

3 The Judge was also entitled to find that, on the relevant facts, there was
no causal link between the breach of sub-cl (a) by the first defendant, Menrva
Solutions Pte Ltd (“Menrva Solutions”), and the losses sustained by SE Power
on the contracts for differences (“CFDs”). The Appellants argued that it was
never put to Dr Peloso that he would have disregarded the daily valuations had
they been produced. We find, however, that there was no breach of procedural
fairness on the facts because Dr Peloso was not deprived of the opportunity to
put forward his case on the matter. First, a part of the cross-examination of
Dr Peloso focused on his failure to ask Menrva Solutions for the daily
valuations and on whether the daily valuations were important for SE’s
purposes, and he had responded to these questions, claiming that the daily
valuations were important. Second, Dr Peloso also testified on matters
relating to whether he would have taken heed of the daily valuations: he
admitted that he did not read most of the SGX market updates SE Power received
despite the fact that he knew these updates would give him information as to
how the market was performing, and that he did not always read the Reports
produced by Tong Teik Pte Ltd containing data on the performance of the CFDs.
We are not persuaded that we should interfere with the Judge’s finding that it
was more likely than not that Dr Peloso would not have read and acted on
Menrva Solutions’ daily indicative valuations even if Menrva Solutions had
produced them.

4 In so far as the issue of privity is concerned, in particular that relating
to the fact that SE Power was not a party to the Consulting Agreement and that
relating to the question whether the losses it sustained could be claimed by
SE under the Consulting Agreement, we agree with the Appellants that the Judge
should have given parties the opportunity to address the issue. It is not
definitely the case that SE could never claim for the amount of losses
sustained by SE Power if it was not a party to the Consulting Agreement. The
Appellants argued that on a construction of the Consulting Agreement, SE
Power’s losses are to be treated as part of SE’s losses. In the alternative,
they argued that the exception to the general rule that a plaintiff can only
recover nominal damages for a breach of contract where it has suffered no
loss, referred to in the case law as the “broad ground”, applies. The “broad
ground”, as approved by this court in the cases of Chia Kok Leong v
Prosperland Pte Ltd [2005] 2 SLR(R) 484 and Family Food Court (a firm) v Seah
Boon Lock and another (trading as Boon Lock Duck and Noodle House) [2008] 4
SLR(R) 272 (“Family Food Court”), permits the plaintiff to recover substantial
damages for its own benefit on the basis that it is recovering for its own
loss. As we have explained in Family Food Court (at [48]), it may be a
misnomer to describe the “broad ground” as an exception because it is based on
the basic rationale of contract law centring on the performance (or
expectation) interest. If successful on this ground, SE can claim for its own
loss of performance interest caused by the non-performance of the Consulting
Agreement by Menrva Solutions, because SE did not receive the bargain for
which it had contracted. The bargain it had contracted was for Menrva
Solutions to provide its consultation services to SE Power for the benefit of
SE Power. The quantum of this loss of performance interest is reflected by the
amount of losses sustained by SE Power caused by Menrva Solutions’ breach. On
these arguments raised by the Appellants in this appeal, we note that no
further evidence is in fact required and that the Respondents are not
prejudiced. However, because the Appellants are unable to persuade us as to
the causal connection between Menrva Solutions’ breach of sub-clause (a) and
the losses, whether the amount of losses suffered by SE Power can be claimed
under the Consulting Agreement, either on the construction of the Consulting
Agreement or on the broad ground, is rendered a moot point.

5 Turning to the claim in tort, we are, with respect, unable to agree with the
Judge that there was no duty of care owed by Menvra Solutions to SE Power
(pursuant to the principles laid down by this court in the seminal decision of
Spandeck (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency [2007] 1 SLR(R)
720). The reason for SE, instead of SE Power, entering into the Consulting
Agreement is a vital consideration in determining whether the parties had
intended to exclude a duty of care owed by Menrva Solutions to SE Power. The
parties had intended all along for the consultancy services to benefit SE
Power, as it was the participant in the Enhanced Forward Sales Contract
Scheme. A joint venture was originally envisaged between SE Power, the MM
Partner and Abundance Way. To this end, a memorandum of understanding was
signed between SE Power and Abundance Way. However, pursuant to SGX’s
suggestion, the idea of a joint venture was dropped. Mr Chan, the second
respondent, testified that the Consulting Agreement was entered into between
SE and Menrva Solutions because Dr Peloso had wanted him to be a shareholder
of SE. There is no indication of an intention of the parties for SE to enter
into the Consulting Agreement so that no obligation would be owed to SE Power.

6 Factual foreseeability is fulfilled because the parties knew that SE Power
was relying on the services provided by Menrva Solutions and that SE Power
would suffer losses if the services were performed in a negligent manner.
There is also sufficient legal proximity for a duty of care to arise: Menrva
Solutions undertook a voluntary assumption of responsibility in providing its
consultancy services to SE Power, as evidenced by the Consulting Agreement it
entered into with SE, and SE Power had relied on these services. Policy
reasons support the finding of a duty of care. Given that SE Power is not a
party to the Consulting Agreement, it may have no claim in contract, and while
its losses may be claimed by SE, SE Power’s own cause of action, as the party
relying on Menrva Solutions’ consultancy services, may lie only in tort. Thus,
we find that there was a duty of care owed by Menrva Solutions to advise SE
Power and act with reasonable skill and care as and when Menrva Solutions
performed the services.

7 However, we find that Menrva Solutions had not breached its duty of care.
First, the duty of care did not encompass an obligation to SE Power to
proactively advise it to enter into CFDs or for monitoring, managing or
reporting on the performance of the CFDs. Such an obligation would be
inconsistent with the framework of the Consulting Agreement. Second, Menrva
Solutions did not fail to assess the existence and extent of the potential
market manipulation, because it had originally provided the opinion that any
potential market manipulation was unlikely. Third, in so far as the
Appellants’ argument that Menrva Solutions had failed to properly consider and
advise on the purpose for placing the last CFD is concerned, the evidence
showed that the risks were not fully eliminated at the time the last CFD was
placed so Menrva Solutions was not wrong to consider that it was a hedge with
some directional element. The idea of assessing the CFD as a directional trade
was Dr Peloso’s, and it cannot be said that Menrva Solutions failed to
exercise reasonable care and skill in giving advice because Mr Chan did not
characterise the CFD according to Dr Peloso’s indication exactly. In any
event, even if there were any breaches of the duty of care, we are not
satisfied that they caused the losses suffered by SE Power.

8 As for the Appellants’ claim that Mr Chan owed a duty of care to SE Power,
we agree with the Judge below that the interposition of Menrva Solutions as
the company through which the consultancy services of Mr Chan were provided
shows that the parties intended to exclude any duty in tort owed by Mr Chan.
The parties were aware of Mr Chan’s deliberate use of the corporate form to
enter into the Consulting Agreement. We are not persuaded by the Appellants’
argument that Mr Chan had voluntarily assumed the responsibility of
negotiating and placing the trades by entering into CFDs on SE Power’s behalf,
in the light of the instances where Mr Chan stated outright that he would not
be too involved in the actual implementation of managing the portfolio and
trading CFDs.

9 We also find that the Judge did not err in holding that there was no ground
to pierce the corporate veil between Menrva Solutions and Mr Chan to hold Mr
Chan personally liable. The Judge pointed out that the UK Supreme Court
decision in Prest v Petrodel [2013] 2 AC 415 (“Prest v Petrodel”), the leading
English case on lifting of the corporate veil, has yet to be considered by
this court. The Supreme Court in Prest v Petrodel endorsed the concealment
principle and the evasion principle. Unlike the current Singapore position,
the alter ego ground is not sufficient in itself to warrant lifting the
corporate veil. In the present case, however, the alter ego ground for lifting
the corporate veil is not satisfied and no abuse of the corporate form to
further an improper purpose was argued before the Judge. In the circumstances,
we are of the view that a definitive view on Prest v Petrodel should be
expressed only when it is next directly in issue before this court.

10 We also see no reason to disturb the Judge’s decision on the counterclaim.
In holding that the counterclaim was allowed, the Judge must have held that
the counterclaim was to be satisfied by SE alone, as his view was that SE was
the counterparty to the Consulting Agreement. The Respondents’ arguments to
the effect that the Judge’s decision in ordering assessment of damages for the
counterclaim is wrong have to be disregarded because (as counsel for the
respondents correctly admitted at the commencement of the oral hearing) no
cross-appeal against the Judge’s decision was filed.

11 For the reasons given above, we dismiss this appeal.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Belinda Ang Saw Ean Woo Bih Li  
Judge of Appeal Judge Judge

Koh Swee Yen, Daniel Liu Zhao Xiang, Zoe Kok and Andrew Pflug (WongPartnership
LLP) for the appellants;  
Ng Lip Chih (Foo & Quek LLC) (instructed), Jennifer Sia Pei Ru and Rezvana
Fairouse d/o Mazhar Deen (NLC Law Asia LLC) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

