Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2019] SGHC 198

Criminal Case No 85 of 2017

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
  
And

Wee Teong Boo  
---  
  
Grounds of Decision

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Rape]

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Sexual assault by penetration]

[Criminal Law] — [Elements of crime] — [Actus reus]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Charge] — [Alternative charges]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Disclosure]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Conviction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Wee Teong Boo

[2019] SGHC 198

High Court — Criminal Case No 85 of 2017  
Chua Lee Ming J  
30 April, 2–4, 7–10, 24–25 May, 10–11 July, 18–19, 23–25 October 2018, 28
January; 25, 27 February 2019

30 August 2019

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 The accused, Dr Wee Teong Boo, claimed trial to two charges. The first
charge was for the offence of rape (the “rape charge”) under s 375(1)(a),
punishable under s 375(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (the “Penal
Code”). The charge alleged that the rape occurred in the course of a purported
medical examination at the accused’s clinic, sometime between 11.30pm on 30
December 2015 and 12.30am on 31 December 2015. The accused was alleged to have
penetrated the victim’s vagina with his penis, without her consent.

2 The second charge was for the offence of outrage of modesty (the “OM
charge”), punishable under s 354(1) of the Penal Code. The outrage of modesty
was alleged to have occurred on 25 November 2015, also in the course of a
purported medical examination at the accused’s clinic. The accused was alleged
to have used criminal force on the victim by stroking her vulva with his hand,
with the intention of outraging her modesty.

3 The victim in both charges was a 23-year-old female student (“V”) who was a
patient of the accused at the material time. At the time of the alleged
offences, the accused was 65 years old and a general practitioner at his own
clinic, Wee’s Clinic and Surgery located in a Housing Development Board
(“HDB”) estate in Singapore.

4 At the close of the trial, I found that the Prosecution had failed to prove
the rape charge against the accused beyond a reasonable doubt. Accordingly, I
acquitted the accused of the rape charge.

5 However, the evidence had established beyond a reasonable doubt that the
accused had penetrated the victim’s vagina with his fingers, without her
consent. Exercising the court’s powers under s 139 of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”), I convicted the accused of the offence
of sexual assault by penetration under s 376(2)(a) of the Penal Code (the “s
376(2)(a) offence”) and sentenced him to a term of nine years’ imprisonment.

6 I also found that the Prosecution had proven the OM charge against the
accused beyond a reasonable doubt. I convicted the accused accordingly and
sentenced him to a term of one year’s imprisonment.

7 I ordered both sentences to run consecutively. I also ordered the accused to
pay compensation of $1,200 being the consultation costs incurred by V for
psychotherapy.

8 The Prosecution has appealed against the accused’s acquittal on the rape
charge and against both the sentences. The accused has appealed against both
the convictions and both the sentences as well as the compensation order. The
accused is currently on bail of $200,000 pending appeal.

Gag order

9 In light of the sexual nature of the alleged offences, I granted the
Prosecution’s application for a gag order prohibiting the publication of any
information that could lead to the identification of the victim, under s 8(3)
of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed). Where
necessary, references to certain facts have been redacted.

The Prosecution’s case

10 At the time of the offences, V was pursuing a course at a local tertiary
institution. V lived in an HDB estate. In her spare time, she worked as a
service assistant at a clinic. This was not the accused’s clinic. V usually
worked about two to five hours a week at this other clinic and her duties
involved registering patients, packing medication, and cashiering.

11 V frequently experienced gastric issues and dermatitis. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 30 April 2018, at 20:6–20; 22:7–13.

Before November 2014, she had sought treatment at the clinic where she had
worked, but her condition persisted despite taking the prescribed medication,
and she did not like the fact that the doctor there did not conduct follow-up
checks. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 27:4–20.

From November 2014, V went to seek treatment at the accused’s clinic because
she wanted to consult another doctor about her symptoms. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AB 5, at para 1; NE, 30 April 2018, at 27:14–16.

In addition, the accused’s clinic was under the Community Health Assist Scheme
(“CHAS”) and this meant that V’s consultations and treatments were subsidised.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 28:2–10.

V may have previously visited the accused’s clinic as a child some ten years
ago, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE, 4 May 2018, at 7:9–14.

but the accused could not confirm this as records of these visits were too old
and would have been disposed of. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 17:7–23.

12 Prior to 25 November 2015 (the date of the alleged OM offence), V was
treated by the accused 22 times between 28 November 2014 and 5 November 2015.
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 18:12–15.

V had no complaints against the accused during these 22 prior visits. In fact,
she felt he was a good doctor as he listened carefully to her complaints,
wrote them down, and performed detailed checks. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 23:14–23.

13 Annex A is a copy of the sketch plan of the accused’s clinic that was
admitted in evidence as exhibit P49.

14 The accused’s clinic assistants occupied the area behind the reception
counter (“the reception area”). Next to the accused’s desk in the consultation
room was a pigeon hole which led to the reception area. The only access to the
examination room was from the consultation room. A sliding door separated the
examination room from the consultation room. The examination room had a bed
for patients to lie on during the examination (“the examination bed”). In
Annex A, the examination bed is marked “A” to show where swabs were taken.

Events on 25 November 2015

15 V testified that on 25 November 2015, she was experiencing gastric
discomfort. She went to the accused’s clinic in the late afternoon. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 41:16–18.

V had a brief consultation with the accused in the consultation room. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 42:2–9.

16 Following the consultation, the accused directed V to the examination room.
V lay flat on the examination bed, as instructed by the accused. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB 5, at para 2.

The accused closed the sliding door to the examination room. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 44:13–17.

There was no chaperone present. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 37:20–22; NE, 30 April 2018, at 44:9–12.

V testified that she had not been offered one on any of her prior
consultations and examinations, and that she had not requested for one as she
had not known she could ask for a chaperone. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 158:13–21.

The accused instructed her to unbuckle and unzip the jeans she was wearing so
that he could check her pelvic area and V did as instructed. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AB 5, at para 2; NE, 30 April 2018, at 41:21.

V did not question the need to unbuckle and unzip her jeans as she trusted the
accused as her doctor. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 46:14–21.

17 The accused began to press V’s lower abdominal area 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AB 5, at para 3.

before pressing on the “joint area” near her groin and remarking that there
were lumps there. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 47:2–11; Exhibit P51.

The accused then started pressing V’s vagina with the fingers of his right
hand. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 48:8; Exhibit P52.

V marked this area on a drawing. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Exhibit P52.

This area was subsequently identified as the vulva. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 25:15–25.

The accused said “okay, okay” as he was pressing her vulva, but V was not sure
if he meant that as a statement or a question. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 49:7–8; NE, 2 May 2017, at 73:1–2.

She replied “okay” because there was no pain. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 49:5–11.

18 V testified that the accused then slid his right hand under her panties and
began stroking her at the vaginal area. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AB 5, at para 3; NE, 30 April 2018, at 49:14–25; NE, 2 May 2017, at 73:16.

This vaginal area was subsequently also identified on a marked drawing as her
vulva. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE, 8 May 2015, at 25:14–25.

The accused then asked her to sit up and she complied as she thought it was
part of the medical examination. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AB 5, at para 3; NE, 30 April 2018, at 52:11–20.

When V sat up, the accused’s right hand continued to stroke her vulva under
her panties, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AB 5, at para 3.

while his left hand rubbed V’s lower back in a circular motion. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 53:2–6.

She was not sure how long the accused stroked her vulva for, but it felt like
a long time to her. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 53:17–23; NE, 2 May 2018, at 76:16.

After some time, V thought she heard the accused say “okay” before withdrawing
his hand. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 53:7–13.

19 V claimed she felt the accused’s actions were “weird”, as this was the
first time someone of the opposite gender had touched her at her vaginal area.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AB 5, at para 4; NE, 30 April 2018, at 54:6–9.

She also felt “uneasy” because the accused was standing very close to her. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 54:11–13.

The accused did not explain why he was stroking her vaginal area. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 54:17–21.

V did not voice her discomfort to the accused because she trusted him and his
judgment. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 55:17–56:7.

V felt that the accused was a good doctor because he was thorough. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 55:13–16.

V had assumed that it was part of the medical examination as the accused had
palpated her upper abdominal area in a similar manner on prior visits. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 55:3–16; NE, 2 May 2018, at 47:2–19.

In particular, she felt that his actions were similar to how he had asked if
it was “okay” when he pressed her upper abdomen on previous examinations.

V’s visit to the polyclinic on 5 December 2015

20 V scheduled an appointment at a polyclinic to have the lumps checked. She
visited the polyclinic on 5 December 2015, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 57:11–18; 58:22–25; NE, 2 May 2018, at 109:9–11.

and requested for a female doctor. She told the polyclinic doctor, later
identified as Dr Sheena K Gendeh Jekinder Singh (“Dr Sheena”), that a lump was
suspected near her groin. Dr Sheena pressed the same “joint area” and told V
that there was indeed a lump. This reassured V that what the accused had done
to her on 25 November 2015 was just a medical examination. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 57:20–58:5.

Dr Sheena told her it was a swollen lymph node, and prescribed antibiotics for
her. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 114:15–18.

A tax invoice confirmed that V had paid a visit to the polyclinic on 5
December 2015. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Exhibit P54.

Events on 30–31 December 2015

At the accused’s clinic

21 V testified that on the morning of 30 December 2015, she felt an itch at
her genital area and was experiencing frequent urination. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 61:21–62:4.

She first went to the polyclinic in the afternoon, but it was crowded. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 132:7–8; 137:20.

She decided to go to the accused’s clinic. Her last visit to the accused’s
clinic was on 25 November 2015. She made a call to the accused’s clinic and
was told to go at around 11pm. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 134:4–20; AB 5, at para 5.

V turned up at the accused’s clinic at about 11.30pm. When it was her turn, V
entered the accused’s consultation room, and she told him about the frequent
urination and the itch at her genital area. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AB 5, at para 6; NE, 2 May 2018, at 166:2–7.

She also asked for a repeat prescription for her usual gastric medication. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 147:20–22; AB 5, at para 6.

22 In the consultation room, the accused used a stethoscope to listen to V’s
lungs and took her temperature. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 152:5–9; 157:17–20.

The accused then instructed V to proceed to the examination room. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AB 5, at para 7.

The accused closed the sliding door after they entered the examination room.
Again, no chaperone was present. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 63:12–20.

23 On that day, V was wearing a t-shirt and shorts. V lay down on the
examination bed. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 158:5–7.

She lifted up her t-shirt as instructed by the accused. The accused stood on
V’s right near her waist and hips, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE, 30 April 2018; at 71:16; NE, 2 May 2018, at 162:21–23.

and he began tapping on her upper abdomen. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 65:3; NE, 2 May 2018, at 158:10–12.

As the accused examined her lower abdomen, he pushed her shorts lower. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 66:2–3; NE, 2 May 2018, at 159:21–24.

The accused then began examining V’s pelvic area. V saw the accused’s left
hand going under the waistband of her shorts, while she felt his right hand
entering through the opening of her shorts from the legs. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 68:5–25; NE, 2 May 2018, at 160:25–161:4; 163:24–165:15.

24 V felt the accused’s fingers pressing on the same “joint area” that V
described on 25 November 2015. Once again, he told her that there was a lump.
54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 161:22–24.

She then felt the accused’s right hand rubbing on her vaginal area. The
accused’s hand was under her shorts, but above her panties and panty liner. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 71:10–11; NE, 2 May 2018, at 169:11–24.

V felt the accused’s hand moving up and down. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 170:22–171:21.

The accused asked if this was the part where V felt the itch. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 165:19–25.

V replied that it was. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AB 6, at para 8.

25 The accused then instructed V to pull down her shorts and panties. She
complied and pulled her shorts and panties down to her thigh level. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AB 6, at para 8.

V thought that it was low enough for the accused to examine her genital area.
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 175:15–17.

However, the accused asked V to remove them completely. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AB 6, at para 9;

When V hesitated, the accused removed her shorts and panties for her. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 74:11–24; NE, 2 May 2018, at 177:1–2.

As he did so, he moved further down towards the end of the examination bed,
but still on V’s right. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 75:20–21; NE, 2 May 2018, at 181:13.

He placed V’s shorts and panties next to her left leg, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AB 6, at para 9; NE, 2 May 2018, at 181:22–24.

and told her that he would be leaving her shorts there. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 191:21.

During this time, V thought that the accused was performing a medical
examination. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 188:20–25.

26 V testified that the accused then repositioned her on the examination bed,
such that her legs were apart and he was standing between them. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AB 6, at para 9.

She claimed the accused was holding on to her legs, above her ankles. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 193:14–22.

As the accused moved her body, her head moved off the pillow and rested on the
bed. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 199:11–15.

Her buttocks and left thigh were still on the examination bed, but her lower
legs were hanging off the examination bed, supported by the accused’s hands.
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 78:17–79:2; NE, 2 May 2018, at 200:17–21.

To the best of her recollection, V weighed about 48 kilograms at the material
time, and she was 1.64 metres tall. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 79:25–80:3.

27 V testified that while in this position, she heard the sound of a zipper.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AB 6, at para 10.

The accused released his hold on one of her legs. From the corner of her eye,
V saw the accused’s hand move toward his zipper. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 205:10–25.

V thought that the accused had forgotten to zip his pants. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 80:22–23.

After that, the accused moved his hand back to supporting V’s leg again. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 205:10–12.

28 The accused repositioned V for a second time, moving her further to his
right. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 209:1.

From her position, V could only see the accused’s upper chest and his head. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 210:19.

V’s right buttock was off the examination bed, but her left buttock remained
resting on it. She could feel that her legs were supported at the accused’s
waist level. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 210:22–211:13.

The accused then repositioned V a third time – V testified that she could feel
the accused’s hands moving from her ankles to below her knees, and she felt
herself being pulled toward the accused. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 213:3–11; 219:2–7.

In this position, V’s left buttock rested on the edge of the bed, with part of
it off the bed. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 83:16–84:4; Exhibit P57.

29 While in this position, V stated that she felt “something horizontal” poke
into her vagina. However, she could not see what it was as she could only see
the accused’s head and chest. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 87:21–23; NE, 2 May 2018, at 219:11–22; 220:20–22;
221:12–15; Exhibit P58.

V felt pain and she saw the accused’s body moving forward and backward with
each poking sensation. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

AB 6, at para 10.

During the “continuous poking”, V felt pain and after “a few times”, she
complained to the accused about the pain because it got more and more painful.
83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 221:21–222:21.

While V felt the poking sensation in her vagina, the accused’s hands were
supporting her legs at all times. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 90:11–13.

30 The accused then let go of V’s legs, and his hands moved to support her
lower back, pulling her closer to him. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 92:14–17; NE, 2 May 2018, at 223:4–25.

V was brought to a “half-sit” position where she was no longer lying on her
back. V described her buttocks as being on the very edge of the bed. Her
bodyweight was supported by her right hand (which was on the examination bed)
and the accused’s hands. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 233:5–8.

V stated that it was at this moment that she saw the accused’s pants were
unzipped and that his penis was partially inside her vagina. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

AB 6, at para 11; NE, 2 May 2018, at 230:19–24.

V was shocked. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 232:5–9.

She put up her left hand as a gesture to the accused to stop. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

AB 6, at para 11; NE, 2 May 2018, at 232:24–25.

31 V testified that she did not call for help as she was in a state of shock.
She simply froze. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 98:21–22.

The accused withdrew his penis and let go of V. He then turned his back toward
her. V was not sure if the accused had ejaculated. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 99:8–9.

She heard the sound of a zipper. V put on her shorts and panties and got off
the examination bed. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

AB 6, at para 11.

32 The accused and V returned to the consultation room and the accused spoke
to her about the medication he was prescribing. V could not remember what the
accused was saying as she was in a state of shock and her mind was bothered by
what she had just seen. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 101:3–11.

She described herself as being in an “auto-pilot situation” where she was
“going through the motions”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 101:7–17.

33 Just as she was about to leave the consultation room, V remembered to ask
the accused for medication to delay the onset of her period as she was about
to go on a school trip to China. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 101:21–22; 102:2–4; NE, 2 May 2018, at 1:19–24.

V testified that asking for the medication was part of the “motion of things”
and her being in an “auto-pilot mode”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 102:6–10.

She then left the accused’s consultation room.

34 After leaving the consultation room, V went to the clinic’s toilet
immediately because she felt an urgent need to urinate. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 103:6–16.

There was no toilet paper available, so she wiped herself using her panty
liner. She saw streaks of blood on the panty liner. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 104:11–15.

Her vagina was feeling very sore. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 104:22.

V could not find a bin to dispose of the panty liner, and she held it in her
hand. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 105:7–8.

35 V returned to the clinic’s waiting area. She did not tell anyone what had
just happened as she was still in a state of shock. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 105:14–24.

She went to the reception counter and collected the medication. She did not
pay attention to what the clinic assistant was saying. One of the medications
that she had collected was ciprofloxacin. V had discovered sometime in August
2015 that she was allergic to ciprofloxacin, 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 107:24–110:6.

but on that night she had not been paying attention while she collected her
medication. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 105:21–106:8.

At home

36 As she was walking home, V threw her stained panty liner into a bin outside
a coffee shop. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 117:2–4.

She reached home at about 1.00am on 31 December 2015. Her family members were
asleep. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 116:18; 117:5–14.

V took a shower even though she had showered about four hours before. She
described feeling dirty from what the accused had done to her. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 117:24–118:9.

As she showered, she felt pain in the area around her vagina as it was being
washed. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 118:22–25.

V’s panties had bloodstains on them, so she threw them into a pail of water.
108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 120:4–11.

V put on the same shorts and t-shirt she had worn earlier.

37 V could not sleep that night; she described herself “trying to register
what happened at the clinic”, being in a state of confusion, as well as being
“kind of numb”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 121:9–14.

Although she had seen the accused’s penis in her vagina, it was hard for her
to acknowledge and accept what she had seen. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 121:17–122:1.

V’s conversation with her mother

38 V’s mother testified that she woke up at around 4.30am and went into V’s
room to retrieve some clothes. She saw V tossing around in her bed. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AB 9, at para 2; NE, 4 May 2018, at 8:6, 13–18.

It seemed as if something was bothering V and V’s mother asked V why she was
unable to sleep. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE, 4 May 2018, at 9:2–5.

V told her mother she had visited the accused’s clinic and asked her mother
under what circumstances a doctor could check a patient’s private parts. V
told her that the accused put something into her vagina, and she felt
“violated” by the accused. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

AB 7, at para 14; NE, 30 April 2018, at 123:17–23; 124:17–19; NE, 4 May 2018,
at 9:4–5.

V did not have the chance to tell her mother what the “something” that the
accused had put into her vagina was, because her mother was not really
listening and in a rush to go to work. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 124 20–125:3; 127:9–13.

V’s mother worked as a cashier at a supermarket and had to report for work by
6.30am. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE, 4 May 2018, at 4:18–23.

39 V told her mother she would be lodging a police report. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 127:19–24.

Her mother testified that when V spoke to her, she was about to leave for work
and that she intended to apply for urgent leave after reaching her work place.
117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE, 4 May 2018, at 9:21–25; 10:24–11:8.

Subsequently, a police officer called her to tell her that V was at the police
station and she applied for urgent leave.

V’s police report

40 V left the house at around 5.30am; her mother left for work and did not
accompany her to the police station. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 128:6; 129:1–6.

V reached the police station at around 6.00am, and spoke to two police
officers. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 129:11; 130:25–131:2.

41 A First Information Report (“FIR”) was filed at 9.24am. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

AB 8.

Two police officers brought V back to her home. V changed her clothes and the
police officers seized the t-shirt, bra and shorts that she had been wearing,
121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 131:23–25; NE, 7 May 2018, at 35:18–19.

as well as her panties which she had thrown into a pail of water earlier (see
[36] above).

At the KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital

42 V was then brought to the KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital (“KKH”) where
she underwent a medical examination for alleged sexual assault. V was examined
by Dr Janice Tung Su Zhen (“Dr Tung”) at 4.35pm. Dr Tung found:

(a) a clear viscous discharge over V’s vulva;

(b) two small superficial midline split-skin wounds in the posterior
fourchette area; and

(c) a very shallow fresh tear of the hymen at “7 to 8 o’clock position”, which
was tender when touched with a swab.

Dr Tung also took swabs from the inside of the vagina and the urethra meatus
for investigations which subsequently confirmed that V was positive for
bacterial vaginosis and candida infections.

43 Dr Tung set out the above findings in her report dated 26 January 2016. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

AB 11–12.

Dr Tung explained that bacterial vaginosis and candida were lower genital
tract infections (“LGTI”) which were very common and could also occur in women
who were not sexually active. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 23:3–4, 17–21; 29:13–17.

Dr Tung also testified that V’s symptoms, such as frequent urination and an
itch at the urethra, were consistent with bacterial vaginosis and candida. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 23:22–24–5; 114:14–20.

44 Dr Tung’s evidence was that the injuries found on V’s fourchette and hymen
were about one to two millimetres deep. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 92:13–14.

She stated that the injuries were consistent with V’s account, ie, penile
penetration, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 99:9–16.

but they were also equally consistent with digital penetration. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 84:20–23.

Investigations at the accused’s clinic

45 At about 1.41pm on 31 December 2015, three officers from the Serious Sexual
Crimes Branch arrived at the accused’s clinic. Assistant Superintendents
(“ASP”) Ong Bee Choo Carol (“ASP Carol”), Razali bin Razak (“ASP Razali”) and
Xu Jinwei Jereld (“ASP Jereld”) entered the consultation room. ASP Carol’s
evidence was that she informed the accused that a police report had been
lodged against him.

46 ASP Carol informed the accused that she would need the accused’s case notes
on V. The accused retrieved the case notes from a box in the examination room.
ASP Carol checked the case notes in his presence. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE, 9 May 2018, at 15:18–16:7.

As there were patients waiting outside, the police officers gave the accused
some time to tend to his patients. The accused told them to return at 3.15pm.
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE, 9 May 2018, at 15:19–25.

47 When the officers returned, ASP Carol informed the accused that a complaint
of rape had been lodged against him. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NE, 9 May 2018, at 16:18–20.

She informed him that photographs of the clinic would be taken and requested
that he give a blood sample for subsequent deoxyribonucleic acid (“DNA”)
profiling. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE, 9 May 2018, at 16:23–25.

According to ASP Carol, the accused stated, “Why should I give you my blood?
You should only take my DNA if you can find sperm in her vagina, which I do
not think you can.” 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NE, 9 May 2018, at 17:4–8.

The accused eventually agreed to give a blood sample after ASP Carol told him
that if he continued to refuse she would obtain a court order. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NE, 9 May 2018, at 17:18–20.

48 Several swabs of the examination bed were taken.

Arrest, seizure and custody

49 At about 4.05pm, the officers and the accused left the clinic and proceeded
to the accused’s house. There, the officers placed the accused under arrest
for an offence of rape. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

AB 13, at para 4.

ASP Carol told the accused that she needed to retrieve the clothes that he
wore on 30 December 2015, and asked ASP Razali to assist. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NE, 4 May 2018, at 42:1–5.

The accused told ASP Razali that he was wearing the same shirt and pants from
the night before, and as such ASP Razali escorted him into the house while he
changed out of his clothes. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE, 4 May 2018, at 42:21–43:2.

ASP Razali seized the shirt and pants. He also seized a pair of grey boxer
shorts (“the first pair of boxer shorts”) from a basket next to the washing
machine as the accused said he had been wearing those at the material time.
137

##### Foot Note 137

×

AB 13, at para 4; NE, 4 May 2018, at 42:10–14.

Thereafter, the accused was brought to the Police Cantonment Complex. Custody
of the accused was handed to the Central Police Division lock-up later that
evening.

Seizure of boxer shorts on 2 January 2016

50 ASP Carol testified that the accused told her that he was wearing the same
shirt that he wore on the night of 30 December 2015. ASP Carol then asked the
accused’s wife to bring a pair of underwear for the accused to change into.
The accused’s wife did so and on 2 January 2016, at the Central Police
Division lock-up, the accused changed his underwear and ASP Carol seized the
boxer shorts that the accused had been wearing (“the second pair of boxer
shorts”). 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE, 9 May 2018 at 22:11–23:2.

Swabs were also taken from each of the accused’s fingers. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

AB 45, at para 15.

51 A statement was recorded from the accused by ASP Jereld at 5.00pm on 31
December 2015. Another statement was recorded by ASP Carol at around 10.00am,
on 1 January 2016.

Results of tests by HSA

52 The items seized from V and the accused, and the swabs that had been taken,
were sent to the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA") for testing. No
incriminating evidence was found. In summary, the results were as follows: 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

AB 26–40; P 66.

(a) Brown stains on V’s panties and t-shirt tested negative for the
presumptive Kastle-Meyer (“KM”) test for blood.

(b) V’s panties, t-shirt, shorts and vaginal swabs tested negative for sperm.

(c) The DNA profiles obtained from swabs of V’s shorts, t-shirt and from her
vaginal swabs matched V’s DNA profile. No interpretable DNA profile was
obtained from the swabs of V’s panties.

(d) The swabs of the accused’s fingers and a brown stain on the accused’s
shirt tested negative for the presumptive KM test for blood.

(e) The DNA profile obtained from the swab of one of the accused’s fingers
matched the accused’s DNA profile. Mixed DNA profiles were obtained from the
accused’s first pair of boxer shorts and from the swabs of his other nine
fingers. The accused was included as a major contributor to the mixed DNA
profiles; the additional DNA was uninterpretable. No interpretable DNA profile
was obtained from swabs of the accused’s shirt, pants and the second pair of
boxer shorts.

(f) The swabs of the examination bed tested negative for the presumptive KM
test for blood. No interpretable DNA profile was obtained from these swabs.

53 The Prosecution’s expert explained that:

(a) a negative result for a presumptive KM test for blood could mean that
there was no blood or that the blood was below the detection limit of 1 in
1,000 times dilution; 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NE, 7 May 2018, at 65:18–23.

(b) the fact that V washed her vaginal area with soap and water and soaked her
panties in water could have led to a loss of semen; 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NE, 7 May 2018, at 65:7.

and

(c) no interpretable DNA profile could mean that insufficient DNA was obtained
or that DNA from multiple persons with no single contributor was obtained. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NE, 7 May 2018, at 59:20–24.

The Defence’s case

54 At the close of the Prosecution’s case, I was of the view that there was
some evidence which was not inherently incredible and which satisfied each and
every element of the charges as framed by the Prosecution. I therefore called
on the accused to give his defence. The accused elected to give evidence in
his own defence.

The accused’s defence to the OM charge

55 The accused’s defence to the OM charge was a bare denial. The accused
testified that in the consultation room, V had complained of gastric pain and
phlegm. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 57:19–20.

The accused performed a routine check of V’s blood pressure and her heart and
lungs. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 58:12–13.

He then asked her to proceed to the examination room. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 59:1–2.

V lifted up her shirt and he told her that he would be performing an abdominal
examination. The accused proceeded to palpate her upper, middle, and lower
abdominal areas. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 59:9–20.

The accused maintained that he checked V’s lower abdomen “above the pants
line”.

56 The accused claimed the examination lasted for a couple of minutes. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 62:25.

He denied having asked V to remove her jeans, and claimed that he had never
done so before. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 63:8–17; 77:8–10.

The accused denied checking V’s pelvic area or touching V’s vaginal area. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 77:16–78:4.

The accused’s defence to the rape charge

57 The accused denied raping V. He claimed that he had suspected that V had
pelvic inflammation disease (“PID”) and that he carried out an internal (ie,
intravaginal) pelvic examination, with V’s consent, in order to exclude PID.
151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 91:20–22; 92:1–4; 94:11–14; 95:23–24; 98:6–15.

The examination involved inserting two of his fingers into V’s vagina. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 98:16–24; 100:25–101:3.

58 The accused also claimed that he was suffering from erectile dysfunction
(“ED”) and that he could not have penetrated V in the manner described by her.

The accused’s version of events at the clinic

59 The accused testified that on 30 December 2015, consistent with his usual
routine, he went home in the evening, showered, had dinner, went back to the
clinic at around 9.00pm and continued working. At around 11.30pm, he pressed
the queue numbers “18” and “19” on the controls, but no one came in. He then
pressed queue number “20”, which was V’s queue number. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 83:12.

V entered the consultation room and sat down. The accused said he overheard
(through the pigeon hole) the patients with queue numbers “18” and “19”
complaining at the reception counter that V had jumped queue. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 84:3–22.

60 During the consultation, V complained of gastric reflux, frequent
urination, and a cough. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 85:4–7.

The accused listened to her heart and lungs and told V that he would examine
her abdomen. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 85:9–12.

They proceeded to the examination room and V lay down on the examination bed.
V pulled up her t-shirt to expose her abdomen. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 85:12–13; 86:9–10.

The accused was standing on V’s right.

61 The accused told V he was going to examine her abdomen. As he pressed the
upper and middle areas of V’s abdomen, the accused asked if there was any pain
or discomfort. She replied there was none. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 88:6–89:5.

When he pressed her middle lower abdomen, V said there was slight discomfort.
The accused then pressed V’s left lower abdomen above her shorts: V said there
was discomfort. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 89:17–21.

The accused then told V that the examination was over. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 89:22.

The accused claimed that his initial diagnosis was that V’s symptoms could
possibly be due to a urinary tract infection (“UTI”). 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 92:10–12.

62 The accused claimed that at that moment, “out of the blue”, V told him that
her “private part was itchy” and that the itch had occurred recently. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 91:16–18.

The accused claimed that the complaint of genital itchiness, together with the
lower abdominal discomfort and frequent urination, caused him to be concerned
that V might be suffering from PID which could lead to infertility in young
women if it was not treated early. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 92:1–6.

The accused then asked V whether she wanted him to do an examination and she
agreed. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 92:6–9.

63 The accused asked V to pull down her shorts. When V pulled her shorts to
her thigh level, she had to bend her knees. The accused shifted himself
further to the right to conduct a visual examination. He claimed that as V’s
shorts and panties obstructed the view, he asked V to pull her shorts all the
way down. V then took off her shorts and panties by herself; the accused never
touched them. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 93:8–94:24.

64 The accused claimed that V’s knees were bent and her legs were apart. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 94:15–20.

He observed slight redness around the vulva and a slight clear discharge on
the right side of the lower vulva area. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 95:19–21; 97:8–9.

In light of these symptoms, he claimed that PID became a “much more likely”
possibility. He then asked V if he could perform an internal pelvic
examination to exclude PID and V agreed. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 95:23–96:5; 98:9–15.

65 The accused placed his left hand on top of V’s lower abdomen, his left
forearm pressed against V’s right thigh, and using his right hand, inserted
first, one finger, then a second finger into V’s vagina. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 99:17–19; 99:25–100:17.

The accused claimed that he told V what he was going to do before he inserted
his fingers (index and middle fingers) and that V was calm and had no
complaints. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 98:19–24; 102:6–9.

66 According to the accused, he inserted his fingers deep into V’s vagina
towards the right pelvic area and pressed his left hand fingers downwards as
he lifted his right hand fingers upwards. V said there was no pain or
discomfort. He then told her he was going to move to the middle of her lower
abdomen and he pulled out his fingers “a little bit” and pushed them deep
towards the middle. When he pushed his left hand fingers downwards and lifted
his right hand fingers upwards, V said there was slight discomfort. Next, the
accused pulled out his fingers and moved towards the left pelvic area and
repeated the test. V said there was slight discomfort. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 101:2–25.

The accused told V that if the discomfort continued she should go to the
hospital for a check-up. He then told her the examination was over, and V got
up while he was withdrawing his fingers. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 102:1–4.

67 The accused claimed that after he performed the internal examination, he
concluded that UTI and PID were both possibilities or “question marks” but
that lower genital infection was “definite”. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 113:2–9.

68 The accused turned back to the consultation room and washed his hands with
antibacterial soap. He sat down at the consultation table and began to write
down the medication that he was prescribing for V, but before he could finish,
V came back to the consultation room and asked for medication to delay her
menstruation because she was making a trip to China. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 126:14–127:12.

The accused claimed that V was calm and relaxed when she returned to the
consultation room, and when she left. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 136:4; 138:7–8.

The accused tended to another three patients or so and left his clinic at
around 12.40am on 31 December 2015. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 139:2–6.

69 The accused admitted that he did not wear gloves or use any lubricant when
he was carrying out the internal pelvic examination. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 118:2–11.

He also admitted that he did not offer V the option of having a chaperone
present when he carried out the examination. The accused conceded that using
gloves and lubricant, and giving a female patient the option of a chaperone,
were all basic requirements when a doctor performed an internal examination of
a female patient. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 67:3–7.

The accused claimed that it did not cross his mind to use gloves or lubricant
because he was “fully concentrating” on the task of trying to exclude PID and
his mind was in “pure examination mode”. It was also very late, and there were
two angry patients outside, so “there was tension”. He was trying to get a
diagnosis and provide treatment as soon as possible, and it did not cross his
mind to put on gloves or use a lubricant. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 104:4–16; 118:2–11.

Evidence of the accused’s clinic assistants

70 The accused’s clinic assistants testified that V appeared calm and left the
clinic after collecting her medication.

Evidence of ED

71 On 5 January 2016, three days after the accused was released on bail, he
consulted his urologist, Dr Peter Lim Huat Chye (“Dr Peter Lim”) with
complaints of ED for the past three years. The accused informed Dr Peter Lim
that he was suffering from diabetes and hypertension and was on Diamicron and
Atenolol/Atacand respectively for these conditions. Dr Peter Lim performed a
transrectal ultrasound examination and an uroflowmetry examination. In
addition, Dr Peter Lim ordered a bioavailable testosterone test and a colour
Doppler ultrasonography for the accused.

72 The transrectal ultrasound examination confirmed that the accused had an
enlarged prostate gland. The uroflowmetry examination suggested a bladder
outlet obstruction.

73 The clinical laboratory report dated 5 January 2016 from Parkway Laboratory
Services Limited showed that the accused’s testosterone levels were in the low
range of normality. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Exhibit D21 (Defence Supplementary Bundle of Exhibits (“DSB”), at p 33).

74 On 13 January 2016, Dr Gan Yu Unn (“Dr Gan”), a consultant radiologist at
the Andrology, Urology & Continence Centre, carried out a Doppler
ultrasonography after administering 10 micrograms of Caverject. In his report
dated 13 January 2016 (“the first Doppler report”), 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Exhibit D24 (DSB, at p 38).

Dr Gan concluded that the Doppler ultrasonography showed no vasculogenic
causes for the accused’s ED but there were bilateral varicoceles present.

75 In his report dated 8 March 2016 (“Dr Peter Lim’s report”), 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Exhibit D17.

Dr Peter Lim gave a summary of the results of the transrectal ultrasound, the
uroflowmetry examination, the Doppler ultrasonography and the testosterone
test. Dr Lim prescribed Duodart for the accused’s prostate problem and bladder
obstruction, and clomiphene citrate to treat the accused’s low testosterone
(ie, hypogonadism). Dr Peter Lim’s report contained some typographical errors
relating to the accused’s testosterone levels and he corrected these errors in
a subsequent report dated 14 June 2018. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Exhibit D27 (DSB, at p 54).

Nothing in this case turned on these errors.

76 The Doppler ultrasonography analyses penile blood flow. In simple terms, an
erection is achieved when the corpora cavernosa (chambers of spongy tissue in
the shaft of the penis) dilate and blood rushes in and fills the spaces. The
pressure of blood flow causes the sheath of tissue around the chambers to
press on veins that normally drain blood out of the penis. This traps blood in
the penis, maintaining the erection. When the excitement ends, the corpora
cavernosa contracts, taking pressure off the veins and allowing blood to flow
back out of the penis which then returns to a flaccid state. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Exhibit D35 (DSB, at p 122); NE, 19 October 2018, at 13:20–14:12.

The Caverject injection artificially induces an erection by causing the
corpora cavernosa to dilate so that blood can rush in to fill the chambers.

77 Arteriogenic ED describes the condition where not enough blood flows into
the corpora cavernosa. Venogenic ED (or venous leak) describes the condition
where the blood that flows into the chambers flows back out instead of staying
trapped in the chambers. Both arteriogenic and venogenic causes are
collectively described as vasculogenic causes. Where the ED is due to low
testosterone levels, the cause is described as endocrine (ie, hormonal).

78 On 22 March 2016, as requested by the police, the accused saw Dr Teo Jin
Kiat (“Dr Teo”) in the urology outpatient clinic at the Changi General
Hospital (“CGH”). Dr Teo was given Dr Peter Lim’s report together with the
reports of the various tests done. Dr Teo did a physical examination of the
accused but did not order any further tests. In his report dated 13 April 2016
(“Dr Teo’s first report”), 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Exhibit P98.

Dr Teo relied on Dr Peter Lim’s report and the reports of the various tests
done.

79 Subsequently, the police told Dr Teo that a second Doppler ultrasonography
was needed, and Dr Teo ordered one for the accused. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

NE, 19 October 2018, at 136:15–137:7.

On 22 April 2016, the accused underwent a second penile Doppler
ultrasonography which was administered by Dr Wong Kai Min (“Dr Wong”), a
Consultant at CGH. Similarly, a Caverject injection was administered. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

NE, 23 October 2018, at 61:1–3.

Dr Wong’s report (“the second Doppler report”) stated that: 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Exhibit P102.

(a) a full erection was not achieved and the accused’s penile shaft was
“flexible at best achieved erection”; and

(b) there was “adequate arterial inflow on the right side” but “decreased
arterial inflow on the left side”, and that the findings were “suggestive of
arterial insufficiency on the left side” which could be a “contributory cause
of vasculogenic erectile dysfunction”.

The second Doppler report by Dr Wong was finalised by Dr Gervais Kin-Lin
Wansaicheong, a Visiting Consultant.

80 Dr Teo issued a second report dated 4 May 2016 (“Dr Teo’s second report”).
189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Exhibit P99.

The contents of this report were similar to those in Dr Teo’s first report
except that it now reflected the results in the second Doppler report.

81 On 7 June 2018, after his cross-examination had concluded, the accused
underwent a more advanced haemodynamic test for erectile function administered
by Dr Sriram Narayanan (“Dr Sriram”). Dr Sriram was a Senior Consultant
Vascular and Endovascular Surgeon at the Harley Street Heart and Vascular
Centre at Gleneagles Hospital and Mount Elizabeth Novena Hospital. His
specialty was in vascular and endovascular surgery. He was also the former
Head of Vascular Surgery at Tan Tock Seng Hospital.

82 Dr Sriram explained that haemodynamics is the testing of blood flow
velocities and pressures in arteries and veins, and is more accurate than
Doppler ultrasonography. In Doppler ultrasonography, the doctor holds the
observing probe which sits transversely on the penis when measuring the penile
blood flow. It is difficult to keep the probe stable and observer variation is
intrinsic in this procedure. Even if the same person performs the same test on
the same patient a second time, the results may vary. In contrast, with
haemodynamics, there are no moving parts. The cuff (with sensors) is placed
around the root of the penis and is connected to a machine which takes the
readings.

83 Dr Sriram’s report stated that: 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Exhibit D32 (DSB, at pp 69–70).

(a) the accused had significant bilateral venous leak, leading to venogenic
impotence and mild arteriogenic impotence; and

(b) the accused only achieved an erectile hardness score (“EHS”) of Grade 1
tumescence 10 minutes after an injection of 20 micrograms of Caverject. There
was no improvement at 20 minutes.

Dr Sriram explained that the standard dose is 10 micrograms of Caverject but
he used 20 micrograms for patients with a history of diabetes because 10
micrograms would not produce very good results. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

NE, 19 October 2018, at 14:20–25.

84 The EHS 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Exhibit D23.

was developed to help describe the hardness of the penis while attempting
sexual activity. It comprised the following four grades:

(a) Grade 1: Penis is larger but not hard.

(b) Grade 2: Penis is hard but not hard enough for penetration.

(c) Grade 3: Penis is hard enough for penetration but not completely hard.

(d) Grade 4: Penis is completely hard and fully rigid.

85 Dr Sriram described the results in the first Doppler report as “strange”
for the following reasons:

(a) In his view, the results were that of a normal 16-year-old who has
varicoceles. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NE, 19 October 2018, at 40:21–25.

Varicoceles refers to the enlargement of the veins within the scrotum. Dr
Sriram testified that venogenic impotence and varicoceles have a high
association with each other, but he accepted that he was not aware of any
published evidence of any direct association. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

NE, 19 October 2018, at 50:7–18.

(b) The accused, being in his sixties at the material time, would be expected
to have some degree of ED even if he had no other disease.

(c) The accused’s diabetic condition was an “extremely major influence” on his
ED; even diabetics who controlled their diabetes will have some degree of ED.
195

##### Foot Note 195

×

NE, 19 October 2018, at 69:19–70:3.

Based on the accused’s diabetic screen results dated 18 December 2013, 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Exhibit D33 (DSB, at p 128).

the accused’s diabetes was “pretty badly controlled” and any subsequent
improvement in controlling his diabetes would not improve his ED. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

NE, 19 October 2018, at 41:10–12; 69:3–11.

(d) The accused was suffering from hypertension. Persistent hypertension
causes hardening of the arteries and that prevents the arteries from dilating
the way they are supposed to. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

NE, 19 October 2018, at 29:20–30:8; Exhibit D35 (DSB, at pp 122–123).

As a result, not enough blood flows into the penis to achieve an erection.

(e) The accused was also taking a beta-blocker called Bisoprolol for his
hypertension. Most beta-blockers, including Bisoprolol, cause ED. According to
Dr Peter Lim’s report, the accused was already on Atenolol (another beta-
blocker) when he consulted Dr Peter Lim in January 2016. The effects of
Atenolol on ED were worse than those of Bisoprolol. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

NE, 19 October, 2018, at 32:9–17; 39:9–19.

(f) The accused was also shown to have testosterone levels in the low-normal
range, which would have added to his ED. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

NE, 19 October 2018, at 57:22–58:7.

86 Dr Sriram was of the view that the second Doppler report was “far more in
tune” with the accused’s actual condition. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

NE, 19 October 2018, at 66:5–67:2.

Dr Sriram was also of the view that the second Doppler report was consistent
with his findings based on the haemodynamic test in June 2018, and that the
results in June 2018 showed a “progression of the disease”. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

NE, 19 October 2018, at 68:19–69:7.

Dr Sriram’s view was that, given the accused’s history of poorly controlled
diabetes in 2013 and the fact that he had been on medication for hypertension,
the accused’s condition as shown in the second Doppler report would have
existed well before April 2016. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

NE, 19 October 2018, at 69:12–18.

87 Dr Teo agreed that there was an association between varicoceles and ED but
there was no evidence of any causation. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

NE, 19 October 2018, at 131:3–9.

Dr Teo also agreed that diabetes and hypertension contributed to vasculogenic
ED, and that beta-blockers could (but did not always) lead to ED. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

NE, 19 October 2018, at 138:2–7; NE, 23 October 2018, at 5:12–16.

Dr Teo further agreed that diabetes alone can be a serious factor for ED. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

NE, 23 October 2018, at 44:8–12.

However, unlike Dr Sriram, Dr Teo did not find the first Doppler report
strange despite the accused’s medical history. Dr Teo testified that it was
possible that someone of the accused’s age and with his conditions could have
a “perfect score” with the Doppler ultrasonography. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

NE, 19 October 2018, at 133:25–134:17.

88 According to Dr Teo, one possible reason for the discrepancies between the
first and second Doppler ultrasonography results was inter-observer variation
in performing Doppler ultrasonography. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

NE, 19 October 2018, at 149:8–22.

However, Dr Teo was of the view that the insufficiency in the blood flow
(which was detected in the second Doppler ultrasonography in April 2016) was
quite unlikely to have happened in the short span of four months since the
first Doppler ultrasonography in January 2016, and that blockage of the
vessels takes place over a long period. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

NE, 23 October 2018, at 15:21–16:23.

89 Ultimately, Dr Teo confirmed that he had doubts over both the first and
second Doppler reports, and that both were possible. Dr Teo could not be sure
which was more accurate. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

NE, 23 October 2018, at 18:23–19:16.

90 The accused testified that he suffered from ED for more than a year before
his arrest and had low sex drive, but that he was able to have sex with his
wife “once or twice a month” and was able to have penetrative sexual
intercourse “most of the time”. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 219:9–20.

The accused informed Dr Teo in March 2016 that he had difficulty initiating
and sustaining penile erections and that his last penetrative sexual
intercourse was in January 2016. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Exhibit P98.

91 However, the accused did not mention that he was suffering from ED when his
statement was recorded on 31 December 2015. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Exhibit P96.

In his statement recorded on 1 January 2016, the accused answered “no” when he
was asked whether he was suffering from ED. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Exhibit P97, at Q8.

On the stand, the accused claimed that ED did not cross his mind during the
statement recording because it did not bother him then. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

NE, 25 May 2018, at 101:6–103:3.

92 The accused’s wife testified that in 2014, she noticed a decrease in the
hardness of the accused’s erection and that in 2015, his penis was “soft like
a noodle” and he would need to use his hand to guide his penis into the
vagina. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NE, 11 July 2018, at 24:21–25:1.

Further, the accused was not able to achieve an erection on every occasion.
217

##### Foot Note 217

×

NE, 11 July 2018, at 25:4–5.

Findings on rape charge

93 I deal first with the rape charge as it was the first charge.

94 The Prosecution submitted that the accused had deliberately skipped the
patients with queue numbers “18” and “19” because he had seen V’s patient card
and knew that her queue number was “20”. According to the Prosecution, this
showed premeditation. I rejected the Prosecution’s submission. In my view, it
was highly unlikely the accused would have done this and risked upsetting two
other patients. It was more logical and likely that if there was
premeditation, the accused would have called V last, after all the other
patients had been attended to.

95 V and the accused were the only persons who knew what really happened in
the examination room on the night in question. It was her word against his. It
is well-established that a complainant’s testimony alone can constitute proof
beyond reasonable doubt but only when it is so “unusually convincing” as to
overcome any doubts that might arise from the lack of corroboration. The need
for “fine-tooth comb” scrutiny is particularly acute where allegations of
sexual abuse are concerned. A witness’ testimony may only be found to be
“unusually convincing” by weighing the demeanour of the witness alongside both
the internal and external consistencies found in the witness’ testimony. See
AOF v Public Prosecutor [2012] 3 SLR 34 (“AOF”) at [111]–[115].

96 It also bears noting that the requirement of “unusually convincing”
evidence does not impose a higher standard of proof. The standard of proof
remains that of proof beyond a reasonable doubt: AOF at [113].

97 V impressed me as an honest although somewhat simple girl. She gave her
evidence simply, clearly and without embellishment. Her testimony as to the
events on 30/31 December 2015 was consistent with the fact that her mother
found her tossing around in her bed at around 4.30am on 31 December 2015, and
with what she told her mother. It was also consistent with her report to the
police and the medical examination by Dr Tung, both of which took place later
that morning.

98 The accused submitted that V’s behaviour immediately after the alleged rape
“clearly confounds the rational mind”. However, it is well established that
victims of sexual assault should not be expected to react in a stereotypical
way or to conform to a standard behavioural template: Public Prosecutor v Yue
Roger Jr [2019] 3 SLR 749 at [30]; Public Prosecutor v BDA [2018] SGHC 72 at
[39]. I accepted V’s evidence that she was in shock and on “auto-pilot” mode.
Her evidence in this regard found support in the fact that she did not even
notice that one of the medicines prescribed to her was ciprofloxacin, an
antibiotic that V was allergic to.

Whether the accused was suffering from ED

99 The Prosecution relied on (a) the first Doppler report, (b) the accused’s
testimony in court that he was able to have penetrative sexual intercourse
with his wife, (c) the accused’s account to Dr Teo that his last penetrative
sexual intercourse was in January 2016, and (d) the fact that the accused said
he was not suffering from ED in his 1 January 2016 statement.

100 The results of the first Doppler ultrasonography were significantly
different from those of the second, although both were carried out within a
period of less than four months. The second Doppler ultrasonography in April
2016 confirmed that the accused was suffering from ED and could not achieve
full erection despite the administration of Caverject. The accused’s penile
shaft was found to be flexible at best-achieved erection. Dr Wong, who
performed the second Doppler ultrasonography, did not testify. Dr Teo
testified that he spoke to Dr Wong and Dr Wong told him that the accused’s
erection was “at best” Grade 3 on the EHS. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

NE, 23 October 2018, at 76:18–24.

That was hearsay evidence. In any event, the assessment of Grade 3 was not
helpful as it simply reflected the best case.

101 There was simply no clear explanation for the discrepancies between the
results of the first and second Doppler ultrasonography procedures. The
doctors who carried out the procedures did not testify at the trial. However,
the accused’s expert witness, Dr Sriram, was clear in his opinion that the
second Doppler report was more in tune with the accused’s medical condition
than the first Doppler report, and that the accused’s condition as shown in
the second Doppler report would have existed well before April 2016. The
second Doppler report was also consistent with Dr Sriram’s findings based on
the haemodynamic test in that the latter showed a progression of the disease.
I found Dr Sriram’s testimony to be objective and persuasive.

102 The Prosecution’s expert, Dr Teo, also agreed that the accused’s condition
as shown in the second Doppler report was unlikely to have happened in the
short span of four months since the first Doppler report. Although he did not
find the results of the first Doppler report to be strange, ultimately, he
accepted that the results in the first and second Doppler reports were both
possible. Dr Teo could not say which was more accurate.

103 As for the accused’s evidence, although he said he had penetrative sexual
intercourse with his wife, he also said that he had difficulty initiating and
sustaining penile erections. Suffering from ED did not necessarily mean that
he was incapable of penetrative sexual intercourse. However, as his wife
testified, he needed to use his hand to guide his penis into the vagina.

104 In the final analysis, in my view, the evidence (in particular, the
objective medical evidence) clearly established, on a balance of
probabilities, that the accused was suffering from ED in December 2015.

Whether there was penile penetration

105 As stated earlier, the fact that the accused was suffering from ED did not
necessarily mean that he could not have penetrative sexual intercourse. The
next question therefore was whether the Prosecution had proved penile
penetration beyond a reasonable doubt.

106 The allegation against the accused was that his hands were holding V’s
legs when V felt something “poking into her vagina”. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 219:2–24.

In other words, penile penetration was achieved without any external aid, such
as using his hand to guide his penis into the vagina. In light of the evidence
as to the accused’s ED, I was satisfied that there was a reasonable doubt as
to whether penile penetration could have taken place as alleged in this case.

107 In addition, at the material time, the accused’s clinic assistants were
present in the clinic and there were other patients waiting in the clinic.
These facts threw further doubt as to whether the accused would have attempted
penile penetration. Further, Dr Tung agreed that the injuries on V’s
fourchette and hymen were equally consistent with digital penetration (see
[44] above).

108 In my judgment, the Prosecution had not proved, beyond a reasonable doubt,
that penile penetration took place in the manner described by V. Accordingly,
I acquitted the accused on the rape charge.

Offence of sexual assault by penetration

109 Section 376(2)(a) of the Penal Code provides as follows:

376.—

…

(2) Any person (A) who —

(a) sexually penetrates, with a part of A’s body (other than A’s penis) or
anything else, the vagina or anus, as the case may be of another person (B);

…

shall be guilty of an offence if B did not consent to the penetration.

110 In the present case, by the accused’s own admission, he had penetrated V’s
vagina with his fingers. This constituted an offence under s 376(2)(a) if:

(a) the digital penetration was sexual; and

(b) V did not consent to the penetration.

Whether the digital penetration was sexual

111 Section 377C(d) provides as follows:

Interpretation of sections 375 to 377B (sexual offences)

377C. In sections 375 to 377B —

…

(d) penetration, touching or other activity is “sexual” if —

(i) because of its nature it is sexual, whatever its circumstances or any
person’s purpose in relation to it may be; or

(ii) because of its nature it may be sexual and because of its circumstances
or the purpose of any person in relation to it (or both) it is sexual;

…

112 The relevant provision in the present case was s 377C(d)(ii). This was
clear from the Explanatory Statement to the Penal Code (Amendment) Bill (No 38
of 2007) which introduced s 377C. As explained in the Explanatory Statement:

The second limb (section 377C(d)(ii)) deals with the case where objectively
the nature of an activity is simply capable of being (i.e. may or may not be)
sexual. Examples of such a case would be inserting a finger into a woman’s
vagina or a person’s anus or where someone removes another person’s clothes,
or where someone touches the genital organs of himself or another person, or
kisses another person, or strokes another person’s thigh (whether clad or
not). The second limb states that the question is whether a reasonable person
would consider that because of its nature the act may be sexual and because of
the circumstances of the activity or any person’s purpose in relation to it
(not just the person who does the act, but also, for example, someone who
encourages the act to be done), or both, the activity is sexual.

For example, a reasonable person would consider that touching of a woman’s
genitals may, because of its nature, be sexual, and would consider that such
touching for sexual gratification is sexual in the light of the purpose with
which the touching is done. On the other hand, a reasonable person would not
consider that touching a woman’s genitals is sexual if it is performed by a
gynaecologist who is conducting a bona fide medical examination.

113 It was clear that the accused’s digital penetration of V’s vagina would be
considered sexual in nature unless there was a legitimate reason for the
penetration. The accused claimed that he inserted his fingers into V’s vagina
because he was conducting an internal pelvic examination.

Whether the accused was conducting an internal pelvic examination

114 The accused claimed that he conducted an internal pelvic examination in
order to exclude the possibility that V was suffering from PID. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 92:1–9; 95:19–96:5; 98:6–24.

I rejected the accused’s claim.

115 First, the accused agreed that a patient’s case note was important because
it contained information about the patient’s complaints, the examinations
conducted, the significant findings and the treatment. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 8:20–9:17.

The accused also agreed that his diagnosis of possible PID was a significant
finding. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 147:6–8.

However, there was no mention of either PID or the internal pelvic examination
in V’s case note for the consultation on 30 December 2015. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Exhibit D1, at pp 59 and 72.

116 The accused claimed that the case note was “obviously incomplete” 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 160:7–10.

and that he did not complete the case note because he was distracted by V when
she suddenly asked for medication for her upcoming trip to China, it was quite
late and he had two impatient patients outside. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 125:20–126:4; 127:22–128:18.

He claimed that he intended to complete the case note the next day. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 128:13–21.

117 I rejected the accused’s claims.

(a) It was easy for him to write down the examinations that he had carried out
and his findings. Doing so would not have taken him any significant amount of
time.

(b) His actions contradicted his claim that he intended to complete the case
note the next day. The accused had simply handed the case note to his clinic
assistants; he did not tell them that the case note was incomplete and that he
intended to complete it the next day. In fact, the case note was stored away
in a box in the examination room. The accused retrieved the case note from the
box when the police went to the clinic the next day (31 December 2015). 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 144:8–145:3; 146:15–17.

Despite having personally retrieved it, the accused did not inform the police
that the case note was incomplete when he handed it to the police on the
morning of 31 December 2015 or when the police returned to the clinic in the
afternoon that day. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 163:21–164:2; 165:6–18.

118 There was no reason why the case note had no reference to PID or the
internal pelvic examination if the accused’s claims (that he suspected PID and
conducted such an examination to exclude the possibility of PID) were true.

119 Second, there was also absolutely no mention of PID in the accused’s
statements to the police recorded on 31 December 2015 and 1 January 2016. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Exhibits P96 and P97.

The accused’s only explanation was that it did not cross his mind to do so and
that the allegation of rape was the only thing on his mind. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

NE, 25 May 2018, at 41:1–12, 42:9–13, 42:21–43:3, 89:19–23; 172:23–173:1;
185:17–186:23.

I rejected the accused’s explanation. As the Prosecution had pointed out, the
accused was not simply denying the allegation of rape in his statement, he was
explaining his version of the events in the course of making his denial. It
was unbelievable that he would not have mentioned PID if it were true that he
had suspected PID.

120 Third, the accused admitted that he did not wear gloves or use a lubricant
when conducting the alleged internal pelvic examination. It was not disputed
that these were basic requirements when conducting an internal pelvic
examination. Neither did he ask if V wanted a chaperone present. Again, it was
not disputed that this was a basic requirement in the case of a female
patient. The accused claimed that normally, the question of a pelvic
examination would have arisen in the consultation room and if he thought he
needed to do one, he would have gotten his gloves, used antibacterial soap as
a lubricant and asked the female patient whether she wanted a chaperone. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 118:15–25.

However, V’s complaint that her private part was itchy came “out of the blue”
in the examination room and it had caught him “off guard”; his mind was in
“pure examination mode” and he just wanted to “finish his examination as soon
as possible because there were still patients outside”. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 91:16–17, 104:4–16 and 119:8–11.

121 I rejected the accused’s claim.

(a) The accused was a very experienced doctor with 37 years’ experience under
his belt at the material time. By his own admission, he ran a busy clinic and
his usual hours were late into the night. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 77:5–79:13.

I did not believe that he could have been so easily flustered as to forget the
three basic requirements. I noted as well that his composure under cross-
examination also showed that he was not easily flustered.

(b) The accused gave three different answers about whether he used a
lubricant. In his statement to the police recorded on 31 December 2015, he
said that he used his saliva as lubricant and that he put two fingers near his
mouth and let the saliva drip onto his fingers. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Exhibit P96, at para 10.

When asked during examination-in-chief whether he used a lubricant, he first
said that V’s bodily discharge around her vulva “will be a lubricant in a way”
but then went on to say that he did not use a lubricant because it had not
crossed his mind to do so. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 118:2–11.

Under cross-examination, the accused claimed that his statement to the police
was the correct version. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

NE, 25 May 2018, at 31:1–19.

In my view, the three inconsistent answers showed that the accused’s
explanations as to why he did not use a lubricant were fabrications.

(c) If the accused used his saliva as lubricant, that meant that he was
conscious of the need to use a lubricant. Yet he did not do so and could not
explain why he used his saliva instead. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

NE, 25 May 2018, at 31:25–32:4.

(d) If the accused placed his fingers near his mouth and let his saliva drip
onto his fingers, there was no reason why he would not have noticed that he
was not wearing gloves.

122 In my view, there was no credible reason why the accused did not wear
gloves, use a lubricant or ask if V wanted to have a chaperone present. The
only inference left to be drawn was that he did not intend to and was not in
fact conducting an internal pelvic examination.

123 Fourth, Dr Tung’s evidence was as follows:

(a) The possible causes for V’s complaints of frequent urination and itch at
her private parts, were UTI or LGTI. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 26:7–12.

Bacterial vaginosis and candida were both causes of LGTI. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 29:13–17.

(b) A sexual history from the patient would be crucial. In the case of a non-
sexually active woman, her priority would be to rule out UTI or LGTI. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 26:13–21.

In the case of a sexually active woman, she would consider an ascending
genital tract infection that includes PID. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 26:13–23.

(c) PID was rare in non-sexually active women and literature suggested a less
than one per cent possibility. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 29:24–30:3; 30:14–19.

She would not have proceeded to investigate PID as a cause without bothering
to ascertain the patient’s sexual history. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 30:11–13.

In the rare case that PID was suspected in the case of a non-sexually active
woman, there was usually an underlying abnormality such as an ovarian tumour,
which would show up on ultrasound. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 33:10–14.

124 The accused agreed that V’s symptoms were equally consistent with UTI and
LGTI. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 35:17–35:7, 40:21–41:14.

He also agreed that PID in non-sexually active women was rare. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 42:22–44:22.

Yet, according to him, he proceeded to investigate PID as a cause without
asking V for her sexual history . The accused’s explanation for not having
done so was that it was his practice to ask his patient for her sexual history
when she was seated in the consultation room and not while she was lying on
the examination bed with her abdomen exposed. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 45:6–13.

I found his explanation too incredulous to believe. There was no reason why
the accused could not have asked for V’s sexual history just because V was
lying on the examination bed. Both of them were still in the medical clinic
and the setting was still that of a patient who was consulting her doctor.

125 The invasive internal pelvic examination was not necessary in the case of
UTI and LGTI. It was therefore all the more important that the accused asked V
for her sexual history before proceeding to investigate PID using a very
invasive procedure. In my view, the accused did not ask V for her sexual
history because he did not in fact suspect PID.

126 Fifth, Dr Tung testified that an investigation for PID would not start
with an internal pelvic examination. In the case of a non-sexually active
woman, the investigation first would involve taking swabs without using a
speculum and performing a trans-abdominal ultrasound. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 31:15–21.

If ultrasound facilities were not available, she would refer the patient to a
specialist who had one. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 31:23– 32:3.

127 The accused agreed with Dr Tung. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 60:13–19.

His explanations for proceeding with the internal pelvic examination were
that:

(a) his clinic did not have the facilities for the trans-abdominal ultrasound;
251

##### Foot Note 251

×

NE, 24 May 2108, at 60:23–25.

(b) he had not done a vaginal swab before; 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 62:18–25.

(c) the steps mentioned by Dr Tung would be carried out in a hospital but not
by a general practitioner in the HDB heartlands; 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 60:13–22.

and

(d) his training from 40 years ago was still relevant for a general
practitioner in the HDB heartlands. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 52:24–53:4; 53:13–21.

128 I did not accept the accused’s explanations. I found it incredible that as
an experienced doctor, he would have proceeded with an internal pelvic
examination under these circumstances. Under cross-examination, the accused
said that “HDB patients … are very reluctant to go to hospital because of
expenses”. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 54:3–5.

However, what was important was that he did not give V the option of going for
less invasive tests in a hospital. In my view, the accused did not ask V
whether she would prefer to go for less invasive tests in a hospital because
he did not in fact suspect PID and was not carrying out an internal pelvic
examination.

129 Sixth, the accused’s own testimony as to why he carried out the internal
pelvic examination, was inconsistent. He first claimed that the examination
was to exclude PID. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 95:23–96:3, 98:11–12, 104:6–7.

However, he subsequently agreed that the examination could not confirm whether
it was or was not PID. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 52:1–6.

The accused then claimed that the internal pelvic examination was to exclude
more serious PID. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 52:20–24, 55:19–23, 56:7–12.

Yet, earlier in his testimony, he had only diagnosed “early pelvic
inflammation” as a possibility. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 111:23–25.

The accused also agreed that the examination could not exclude PID altogether.
260

##### Foot Note 260

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 56:13–57:1.

The accused took no further steps to confirm whether V was or was not
suffering from PID, which was odd in the light of the accused’s purported
concern that PID could lead to infertility in young women if it was not
treated early (see [62] above).

130 In my view, the inconsistencies showed that the accused’s claim that he
conducted an internal pelvic examination was an after-thought. He did not in
fact have any reason to conduct the examination.

131 Seventh, the accused had prescribed ciprofloxacin for V. He claimed that
this was for UTI and PID. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 123:25–124:2; NE, 24 May 2018, at 120:3–5.

This was strange since on his own evidence, he had not confirmed that V had
PID. Further, Dr Tung agreed that ciprofloxacin could be used to treat UTI.
262

##### Foot Note 262

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 35:8–11.

However, she testified that she would not prescribe ciprofloxacin for PID
because the infections that are commonly associated with PID are notoriously
resistant to ciprofloxacin. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 34:24–35:7.

The accused’s response in court was that he could not comment on that. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 121:8–12; 127:1–6.

The accused accepted that ciprofloxacin may not be fully effective and claimed
that he did not know how effective it was compared to other drugs “because [he
was] not [an] expert in those areas”. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 125:10–13.

Under further cross-examination, the accused agreed that he was not even sure
that ciprofloxacin was the right medication for PID. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 127:15–18.

132 In my view, the evidence showed that the accused prescribed ciprofloxacin
for UTI but not PID. In turn, this showed that he did not suspect that V was
suffering from PID.

133 Eighth, the accused claimed that he noticed slight redness and discharge
around V’s vulva and that this was significant because, in his view, PID
became “much more likely”. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

NE, 10 May 2018, at 95:19–25.

However, Dr Tung was clear that there was no redness when she examined V on
the afternoon of 31 December 2015. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 15:17–20; 86:25–87:2; 105:16–18.

134 For all of the above reasons, I was left in no doubt that, on the night in
question, the accused did not in fact suspect that V might be suffering from
PID and he did not in fact conduct an internal pelvic examination on V. In my
judgment, the accused was not a credible witness.

The digital penetration was sexual

135 Accordingly, I concluded that the accused had sexually penetrated V’s
vagina with his fingers on the night in question.

Whether there was consent

136 V denied that the accused told her that he was going to conduct an
internal pelvic examination to exclude pelvic inflammation or that she
consented to his insertion of his fingers into her vagina. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

NE, 3 May 2018, at 80:18–24.

I believed her.

137 I rejected the accused’s claim that he asked for and obtained V’s consent
to insert his fingers into her vagina. The accused’s claims that he suspected
PID, and that he conducted an internal pelvic examination, were afterthoughts.
There was no reason for me to believe that he asked V for her consent to an
internal pelvic examination. I also noted that the accused’s statements to the
police were inconsistent on the matter of consent. In his 31 December 2015
statement, he claimed to have checked with V if she “was okay” during the
entire alleged internal pelvic examination. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

Exhibit P96, at para 10.

However, in his 1 January 2016 statement, the accused said that he did not
specifically tell V that he was inserting his fingers into her vagina as part
of the alleged internal pelvic examination. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

Exhibit P97, at Q6.

138 In my judgment, the accused did not ask V for her consent to conduct an
internal pelvic examination.

139 In any event, even if the accused did ask V for her consent to conduct an
internal pelvic examination, and even if V did consent, her consent would have
been given under a misconception that the accused was truly conducting an
internal pelvic examination, and the accused clearly knew that the consent was
given in consequence of such misconception. Such a consent would not have been
valid: s 90(a)(ii) of the Penal Code.

Conviction on the offence of sexual assault by penetration

140 I concluded that sometime between 11.30pm on 30 December 2015 and 12.30am
on 31 December 2015, at his clinic, the accused did sexually penetrate V’s
vagina with his fingers, without V’s consent. The accused had therefore
committed the offence of sexual assault by penetration under s 376(2)(a) and
punishable under s 376(3) of the Penal Code.

141 I had acquitted the accused on the rape charge. The Prosecution had not
proceeded with an alternative charge under s 376(2)(a) of the Penal Code.

142 As stated at [5] above, I exercised my powers under s 139 of the CPC and
convicted the accused of the offence of sexual assault by penetration under s
376(2)(a) of the Penal Code.

143 Section 139 of the CPC gives the court the power to convict an accused
person of an offence that he is shown to have committed although he was not
charged with it. Section 139 provides as follows:

When person charged with one offence can be convicted of another

139. If in the case mentioned in section 138 the accused is charged with one offence and it appears in evidence that he committed a different offence for which he might have been charged under that section, he may be convicted of the offence that he is shown to have committed although he was not charged with it.

Illustration

A is charged with theft. In evidence it appears that he committed the offence
of criminal breach of trust or receiving stolen goods. He may be convicted of
criminal breach of trust or of receiving stolen goods, as the case may be,
although he was not charged with that offence.

144 The power under s 139 of the CPC may not be exercised unless:

(a) the accused could have been charged with the offence that he is to be
convicted on, under s 138. This is an express requirement under s 138; and

(b) the accused must not be prejudiced or embarrassed in his defence in any
way: The Criminal Procedure Code of Singapore: Annotations and Commentary
(Academy Publishing, 2012) (“CPC Commentary”) at para 07.128.

Whether the case fell within the scope of s 138 of the CPC

145 Sections 138 of the CPC provides as follows:

If it is doubtful what offence has been committed

138. If a single act or series of acts is such that it is doubtful which of several offences the provable facts will constitute, the accused may be charged with all or any of those offences and any number of the charges may be tried at once, or he may be charged in the alternative with any one of those offences.

Illustrations

(a) A is accused of an act that may amount to theft or receiving stolen
property or criminal breach of trust or cheating. He may be charged with
theft, receiving stolen property, criminal breach of trust and cheating, or he
may be charged with having committed theft or receiving stolen property or
criminal breach of trust or cheating.

(b) A states on oath before the committing Magistrate that he saw B hit C with
a club. Before the High Court, A states on oath that B never hit C. A may be
charged in the alternative and convicted of intentionally giving false
evidence although it cannot be proved which of these contradictory statements
was false.

146 Section 138 applies to cases in which “it is doubtful which of several
offences the provable facts will constitute”. The commentary at para 07.121 of
the CPC Commentary cites R v Tay Thye Joo [1933] MLJ 35 (“Tay Thye Joo”) as
authority for the proposition that s 138 only applies when it is doubtful what
offences the facts prove, not when it is doubtful as to what facts can be
proved. However, Tay Thye Joo does not support this proposition.

147 Tay Thye Joo concerned s 172 of the Criminal Procedure Code that was then
in force. For all intents and purposes, that section is identical to the
present s 138. The proposition stated in the CPC Commentary in fact reflects
the argument that was made by counsel for the appellant/accused. The court in
Tay Thye Joo expressly rejected that argument. Terrell J held that “… s 172
means what it says, namely that it is doubtful what facts can be proved. Until
they can be proved it is difficult to say what offence has been committed …”.
This must be correct. Section 138 provides for the framing of alternative
charges. There is no reason why it should not apply where it is doubtful what
facts can be proved and the offence that has been committed depends on what
facts can be proved. In the present case, there is no reason why the accused
could not have been charged for rape, and in the alternative, sexual assault
by penetration.

148 In my view, the present case fell within the scope of s 138 and
accordingly, s 139 was engaged.

Whether the accused was prejudiced

149 Section 139 permits the court to convict an accused of an offence that he
was not charged with, if the evidence shows that he had committed the offence.
Justice dictates that the accused should have had the same opportunity to
defend himself as he would have had if he had been charged with that offence.
In other words, before exercising its power under s 139, the court must be
satisfied that the evidence for the defence in respect of the offence (for
which he is to be convicted on) would have been the same as that which was
adduced during the trial.

150 In the instant case, the accused had admitted that he had penetrated V’s
vagina with his fingers. His case was that he had done so because he was
conducting an internal pelvic examination to exclude PID. The accused gave a
full explanation as to why he suspected that V was suffering from PID, how the
issue came up, why he decided to conduct an internal pelvic examination, how
he obtained V’s consent, how he conducted the examination, why he did not use
gloves, or lubricant and why he did not offer V the option of having a
chaperone present. He was also cross-examined extensively on these matters.

151 During oral closing submissions, I also asked the Prosecution and counsel
for the accused, what the position would be if I came to the conclusion that
the rape charge was not made out and I rejected the accused’s claims that he
was conducting an internal pelvic examination. Both of them made submissions;
no new issue was raised. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

NE, 28 January 2019, at 11:16–13:3; 19:8–23:3.

Counsel for the accused did not ask to call any further witnesses or to recall
any witnesses.

152 It was clear that the accused’s defence would not have been conducted any
differently had he been charged with sexual assault by penetration under s
376(2)(a) of the Penal Code. I was therefore satisfied that convicting him
under s 376(2)(a) in this case would not prejudice him in any way.
Accordingly, I convicted the accused on the offence of sexual assault by
penetration under s 376(2)(a).

Sections 128–131 of the CPC

153 After I had convicted the accused, but before I heard oral submissions on
sentence, the Prosecution drew my attention to ss 128–131 of the CPC, and
expressed the view that these sections “would have applied to the amendment of
the charge” against the accused. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

Letter dated 26 February 2019 from the Attorney-General’s Chambers.

However, the Prosecution had misunderstood the basis upon which I had
convicted the accused of the s 376(2)(a) offence. Sections 128–131 of the CPC
were irrelevant as I had not amended the rape charge against the accused. I
had acquitted the accused on the rape charge and exercised my powers under s
139 of the CPC to convict him on the offence of sexual assault by penetration
under s 376(2)(a) of the Penal Code. Section 139 of the CPC permits the court
to convict an accused on an offence that he had not been charged with. Section
139 does not involve or require any amendment to the existing charge.

Findings on the OM charge

154 The accused argued that if the accused had outraged her modesty on 25
November 2015, then it was “highly incongruous” that V would return to consult
the accused at his clinic on 30 December 2015. As stated earlier, V explained
that while she found the accused’s actions “weird” and she felt “uneasy”, she
had assumed that these actions were part of the medical examination because
she trusted the accused as her doctor. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

AB 5, at para 4.

Further, the accused had told her that there was a lump. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 56:19–22; 57:3–5.

155 The accused’s statement that there was a lump was confirmed by Dr Sheena
who examined V at the polyclinic in Bedok on 5 December 2015. 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 57:11–15; 58:14–22.

By the time of trial, Dr Sheena was no longer working for the polyclinic, and
had left Singapore on 13 March 2018. The police were unable to contact her 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

NE, 9 May 2018, at 26:7–28:4.

for the purposes of testifying. A computer printout of Dr Sheena’s clinical
notes was produced in court. 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

Exhibit P61.

These notes showed that V had complained of “left groin area pain for 3 days”
and that Dr Sheena’s examination confirmed that V had a “left enlarged
inguinal lymph node”. Dr Sheena’s finding reassured V that what had happened
to her on 25 November 2015 was part of a medical examination. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

NE, 2 May 2018, at 122:13–20.

I believed V’s testimony that she had thought that the accused’s actions on 25
November 2015 were part of a medical examination.

156 I accepted V’s testimony that she only realised on 31 December 2015 that
what had happened on 25 November 2015 was not a medical examination, after she
thought about the events on 25 November 2015 and 30 December 2015. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 136:12–24.

V related the 25 November 2015 incident to the police officer who interviewed
her 1 January 2016. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

NE, 9 May 2018, at 24:2–3; NE, 24 October 2018, at 73:22–23.

157 I found V’s testimony to be compelling and believable. As mentioned
earlier, V impressed me as an honest although somewhat simple girl. She gave
her evidence simply, clearly and without embellishment.

158 As I was satisfied that the Prosecution had proven its case beyond a
reasonable doubt, I convicted the accused on the OM charge.

Sentence

159 In this case, the offence under s 376(2)(a) was punishable with
imprisonment for a term which may extend to 20 years, and was also liable to
fine or to caning: s 376(3) of the Penal Code.

160 In Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1015 (“Pram Nair”), the
Court of Appeal laid down the following sentencing framework for the offence
of sexual penetration of the vagina using a finger (at [159]):

(a) Band 1: seven to ten years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane;

(b) Band 2: ten to 15 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane; and

(c) Band 3: 15 to 20 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

161 The court in Pram Nair also held at [158] that the framework for
determining the offence-specific and offender-specific aggravating factors in
offences of statutory rape in Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017]
2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”) at [44] could similarly be transposed to offences of
digital penetration.

162 The OM offence was punishable with imprisonment for a term of up to two
years, or with fine, or with caning, or with any combination of such
punishments: s 354(1) of the Penal Code.

163 In Kunasekaran s/o Kalimuthu Somasundara v Public Prosecutor [2018] 4 SLR
580 (“Kunasekaran”) at [49], the High Court laid out the following sentencing
framework for OM offences:

(a) Band 1: less than five months’ imprisonment;

(b) Band 2: five to 15 months’ imprisonment; and

(c) Band 3: 15 to 24 months’ imprisonment.

The Prosecution’s submissions

164 With respect to the s 376(2)(a) offence, the Prosecution relied on the
following offence-specific factors:

(a) The accused had abused his position and breached the trust placed in him.
He was V’s doctor and V had placed her trust in him.

(b) Psychological and emotional harm was inflicted on V. She felt “dead
inside” was in a state of shock for a long time. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 137:15–138:7.

The assault had affected V’s studies negatively. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 139:19–140:1.

She never consulted male doctors for a long time and also found it difficult
to talk to, much less experience intimacy with, males. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 140:13–14 and 141:17–20.

V also said that the trial made her feel like she was raped again. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

NE, 30 April 2018, at 141:23–25.

165 Based on these factors, the Prosecution submitted that the indicative
sentence for the s 376(2)(a) offence was at the highest end of Band 1 and the
low end of Band 2 of the framework in Pram Nair, ie, ten years’ imprisonment
and four strokes of the cane.

166 The Prosecution submitted that there were no mitigating factors in this
case and that the indicative sentence should be adjusted to 11 years’
imprisonment and four strokes of the cane, after taking into account the
following offender-specific factors:

(a) The accused had shown a lack of remorse and did not consider V to be a
victim. 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 16:23–24.

(b) The accused had (through his counsel) accused Dr Tung of embellishing her
evidence 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

NE, 8 May 2018, at 119:21–25.

and also maligned the police during cross-examination, calling them “stupid”.
288

##### Foot Note 288

×

NE, 24 May 2018, at 201:12–15.

167 As for the OM offence, the Prosecution referred to the following offence-
specific factors: (a) the offence involved an egregious intrusion into V’s
private parts with skin-on-skin contact, (b) the accused abused his position
of trust, (c) deception by the accused, and (d) harm to V. Taking these
factors into account, the Prosecution submitted that the starting point should
be at the highest end of Band 2 of the framework in Kunasekaran, ie, 15
months’ imprisonment.

168 Next, the Prosecution submitted that the indicative sentence should be
adjusted to 16 months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane, after
taking into account the accused’s lack of remorse and deception.

169 The Prosecution submitted that the sentences for both offences should run
consecutively since the two offences were separate and unrelated: Public
Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799 (“Raveen Balakrishnan”) at
[102]. That brought the total sentence to an imprisonment term of 12 years and
four months and seven strokes of the cane.

170 At the time of sentencing, the accused was 68 years old. Under s 325(1)(b)
of the CPC, the accused could not be caned. The Prosecution urged me to impose
a sentence of three months’ imprisonment in lieu of caning under s 325(2) of
the CPC.

171 Based on the Prosecution’s submissions, the final global sentence would be
a term of imprisonment of 12 years and seven months.

The accused’s submissions

172 With respect to the s 376(2)(a) offence, counsel for the accused submitted
that this was not a case falling within the high end of Band 1 or the low end
of Band 2 in the framework in Pram Nair. He urged me to consider (a) the
accused’s lack of antecedents, (b) the fact that the accused had been in
medical practice for nearly 40 years, and (c) the fact that the accused was a
doctor of some standing in his community, having seen generations of patients.

173 As for the OM offence, counsel for the accused accepted that the
appropriate sentence should be within Band 2 of the framework in Kunasekaran
but submitted that it should not be at the higher end. Counsel for the accused
said he was not in the position to submit on what the sentence should be for
the OM offence.

174 Counsel for the accused submitted that the sentences for the two offences
should not run consecutively but did not give me any sound reasons.

175 As for imprisonment in lieu of caning, counsel for the accused referred to
Amin bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR 904 at [53] and submitted
that there were no grounds to justify enhancing the sentence of imprisonment
in the present case. Counsel also submitted that there was no need to enhance
the imprisonment term in view of the accused’s advanced age and medical
conditions.

My decision on the sentences to be imposed

176 With respect to the s 376(2)(a) offence, I agreed with the Prosecution
that the accused had abused his position and breached the trust placed in him
as a doctor. Clearly, this was an aggravating factor. I also agreed that V had
suffered psychological and emotional harm. This was a factor to be considered.
However, drawing guidance from the Court of Appeal in Terence Ng, at [44(h)],
it would not be considered as a serious aggravating factor unless the assault
resulted in “especially serious physical or mental effects on the victim such
as … the transmission of a serious disease, or a psychiatric illness…”.

177 In my view, the appropriate indicative sentence in this case fell within
Band 1 of the Pram Nair framework. I started with an indicative sentence of
eight years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane.

178 I did not consider the accused’s standing as a doctor to be a mitigating
factor, given that he had abused that very standing. Taking in consideration
the offender-specific aggravating factors referred to by the Prosecution, I
adjusted the sentence to nine years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the
cane.

179 As for the OM offence, in my view, taking into consideration the offence-
specific factors relied on by the Prosecution, the appropriate indicative
sentence would fall within Band 2 of the Kunasekaran framework. I started with
an indicative sentence of 10 months’ imprisonment and two strokes of the cane.
Taking into account the accused’s lack of remorse, I adjusted the sentence to
12 months’ imprisonment and two strokes of the cane.

180 I agreed with the Prosecution that the two offences were separate and
unrelated. Accordingly, I ordered that the sentences run consecutively.

181 I agreed with counsel for the accused that, taking into consideration the
accused’s advanced age and medical conditions, there was no need to enhance
the sentence in lieu of caning.

182 The advanced age of an offender is not generally a factor that warrants a
sentencing discount; however, it is a relevant consideration when deciding on
the overall proportionality of the punishment: Terence Ng at [65(c)]. I also
considered the accused’s medical condition to be a relevant factor in deciding
the overall proportionality of the punishment.

183 The final global sentence was therefore 10 years’ imprisonment. In my
view, this was an appropriate balance between satisfying the needs of
deterrence and retribution, and the totality principle (Raveen Balakrishnan at
[73]).

Compensation order

184 The Prosecution requested the court to make a compensation order under s
359(1)(a) of the CPC. The Prosecution adduced several receipts for payments
made by V to a private psychotherapist from November 2017 to January 2019. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Bundle, dated 27 January 2019, at pp 192–197.

V had been referred to the psychotherapist by her school’s student counsellor.
290

##### Foot Note 290

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Bundle, at p 199.

As V had been reimbursed by her school’s insurance for these consultations up
until February 2018, the Prosecution sought a compensation order in respect of
the consultations from March 2018 to January 2019, which amounted to $1,200.

185 Counsel for the accused objected and submitted that there was no evidence
that V had been undergoing psychological treatment in respect of the sexual
assaults perpetrated by the accused.

186 Under s 359(2) of the CPC, a court must make a compensation order if it is
satisfied that it is appropriate to do so. Indeed, it is a positive obligation
upon the court to consider whether to do so: Soh Meiyun v Public Prosecutor
[2014] 3 SLR 299 (“Soh Meiyun”) at [55]. This “should not require the court to
embark on complicated investigations of fact or law”: Soh Meiyun at [58]. In
this instance, there was ample evidence that V’s psychotherapy treatment had
occurred prior to November 2017. She was referred by her school’s student
counsellor. Moreover, the letter from her therapist indicated that the
consultations were to help V “cope with the psychological and emotional
effects of a post-sexual assault”. I therefore ordered the accused to pay V
the sum of $1,200 in compensation.

Observations on the Prosecution’s duty of disclosure

187 As stated earlier, at the request of the police, the accused underwent a
second Doppler ultrasonography on 22 April 2016. The second Doppler report was
inconsistent with the first Doppler report, and showed that the accused was
suffering from ED. The Prosecution gave a copy of Dr Teo’s second report
(together with the second Doppler report) to counsel for the accused only on
21 September 2018, in the midst of the trial, after the accused raised the
defence of ED. 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

NE, 18 October 2018, at 78:18–79:8.

188 In Muhammad bin Kadar and another v Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 1205
(“Kadar”), the Court of Appeal held (at [113]) that the Prosecution must
disclose to the defence

(a) any unused material that is likely to be admissible and that might
reasonably be regarded as credible and relevant to the guilt or innocence of
the accused; and

(b) any unused material that is likely to be inadmissible, but would provide a
real (not fanciful) chance of pursuing a line of inquiry that leads to
material that is likely to be admissible and that might reasonably be credible
and relevant to the guilt or innocence of the accused.

189 The second Doppler report was, without doubt, material that was likely to
be admissible and that was credible and relevant to the innocence of the
accused.

190 The disclosure obligation under Kadar relates to “unused material”. The
Prosecution submitted that it could not know whether the material would be
“unused” until it knew what the accused’s defence was, and in the present
case, the defence of ED was only raised during the trial. According to the
Prosecution, therefore, it was not obliged to disclose the second Doppler
report to the accused before he raised ED as a defence.

191 I disagreed with the Prosecution’s submissions. First, the expression
“unused material” in Kadar refers to material in the possession of the
Prosecution which will not be relied on at trial: Kadar at [76]. It is any
material that does not form part of the Prosecution’s case. As the Prosecution
conceded during oral closing submissions, it would not have relied on the
second Doppler report as part of its case. 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

NE, 28 January 2019, at 39:13–17.

This was unsurprising since that report would have tended to undermine the
Prosecution’s case. The Prosecution’s reason for withholding disclosure of the
second Doppler report in this case therefore could not be supported.

192 Second, in my view, the Kadar disclosure rule is not limited to material
which is relevant to a defence that has been made known to the Prosecution by
the accused. The Prosecution also conceded during oral closing submissions
that Kadar imposed no such limitation. 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

NE, 28 January 2019, at 39:18–21.

The Kadar disclosure rule applies to all material that might reasonably be
credible and relevant to the innocence of the accused. After all, the accused
is also entitled to material that would provide a real chance of pursuing a
line of inquiry.

193 I should add that the late disclosure of the second Doppler report to the
accused in this case did not prejudice him. First, the accused managed to
undergo the haemodynamic test on 7 June 2018. Dr Sriram testified as his
expert witness and I had concluded that the accused was suffering from ED in
December 2015. Second, it appeared that although he was not given a copy of
the second Doppler report, the accused had been told that the results of the
second Doppler ultrasonography were “bad” in that they were contrary to the
results of the first Doppler ultrasonography. The reason why the haemodynamic
test was not done earlier was that the accused did not inform Dr Peter Lim of
this until June 2018, after which Dr Peter Lim decided to send the accused for
the haemodynamic test which Dr Sriram conducted. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

NE, 18 October 2018, at 58:5–24.

Conclusion

194 I found the accused guilty of sexual assault by penetration under s
376(2)(a) of the Penal Code and outrage of modesty under s 354(1) of the Penal
Code, and I convicted him accordingly. I sentenced him to a total term of 10
years’ imprisonment.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge

Sharmila Sripathy-Shanaz, Amanda Chong, Chew Xin Ying,  
and Wong Kok Weng  
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Edmond Pereira, Vickie Tan, and Amardeep Singh  
(Edmond Pereira Law Corporation) for the accused.

Annex A

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

