Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 52

Suit No 281 of 2019  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 263 of 2019 and Summons No 5712 of 2019)

Between

Kernel Oil Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff

And

Iman Djuniardi

… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Service]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kernel Oil Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Iman Djuniardi

[2020] SGHC 52

High Court — Suit No 281 of 2019 (Registrar’s Appeal No 263 of 2019, and
Summons No 5712 of 2019)  
Choo Han Teck J  
20 January, 24 February, 2 March 2020

23 March 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a Singapore-incorporated private limited company engaged in
the wholesale of petrochemical products and the trading of crude oil. The
defendant is an Indonesian national who is resident in Switzerland, and is
described by the plaintiff as a trader of crude oil and other oil products. At
the material time, the defendant was the 25% shareholder of a Swiss entity
named Kernel Oil (Suisse) SA (“KOSA”), whilst the plaintiff’s managing
director, Mr Widodo Ratanachaithong, held the remaining 75% of shares. KOSA is
not a party to these proceedings, but its relevance to this action will become
clear later.

2 In the main Suit No 281 of 2019 (the “Suit”), the plaintiff is suing the
defendant for unpaid principal sums, late payment charges, and default annual
interest under several loan agreements (“Loan Agreements”) that both parties
had entered into. This is the plaintiff’s appeal against the decision of the
assistant registrar (“AR”) below to grant the defendant’s application in
Summons No 2877 of 2019 to, inter alia:

(a) set aside a court order granting leave for the plaintiff to serve the writ
of summons and statement of claim in the main Suit on the defendant in
Switzerland (the “Leave Order”); and

(b) consequently, set aside service of the writ of summons and statement of
claim in the Suit (“service”) on the defendant.

3 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Tang Shangwei, submits that the Leave Order
and service on the defendant should not be set aside, because all of the three
conditions below (see the Court of Appeal decision in Zoom Communications Ltd
v Broadcast Solutions Pte Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 500 at [26]) have been satisfied:

(a) First, there is a good arguable case that the plaintiff’s claim falls
within one of the jurisdictional grounds in O 11 r 1 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”).

(b) Second, there is a serious issue to be tried on the merits.

(c) Third, Singapore is the proper forum to hear the dispute.

(respectively, the “first”, “second” and “third conditions”)

4 The defendant’s counsel, Mr Kenny Lau, disagrees entirely. He submits that
the failure to fulfil any one condition is in itself an independent ground to
set aside the Leave Order and service on the defendant. Further, Mr Lau
submits that the said order and service should also be set aside on the
independent ground that the plaintiff failed to make full and frank disclosure
of all material facts in its original leave application, which was made on an
ex parte basis. Mr Tang denied that full and frank disclosure of all material
facts had not been made, and alternatively, that even if any material facts
were undisclosed, they were not so “material” in all the circumstances as to
justify the setting aside of the Leave Order.

5 In my view, the AR’s decision below should be upheld on the ground that
Singapore is not the proper forum to hear the dispute. In reaching this
conclusion, I had considered the following:

(a) First, the governing law of the Loan Agreements, as well as the place
where the parties reside or carry on business.

(b) Second, the convenience and expense of trial in Singapore.

(c) Third, the availability and compellability of witnesses.

6 First, it is well-established that the law governing the contract is an
important consideration in deciding whether Singapore is the proper forum,
since it is generally preferable that a case should be tried in the
jurisdiction whose law would be applied (Humpuss Sea Transport Pte Ltd (in
compulsory liquidation) v PT Humpuss Intermoda Transportasi TBK and another
[2016] 5 SLR 1322 at [113]). Mr Tang submitted that the governing law is
Singapore law, while Mr Lau submitted that it is Swiss law. In the present
case, the Loan Agreements do not expressly state what the governing law is.
Following the Court of Appeal decision in Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y
Technology Inc and another appeal [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“Pacific Recreation”)
at [36], the issues are therefore:

(a) whether the parties’ intentions as to the governing law can be inferred
from the circumstances; or

(b) if they cannot, which system of law the contract has its most close and
real connection with.

The evidence suggests that it is more likely that the parties never applied
their mind to deciding which law should govern the Loan Agreements.

7 The place of residence or business of the parties is only a neutral factor.
Although the plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore with its
business here, and the plaintiff’s representatives had signed the Loan
Agreements in Singapore, the defendant, on the other hand, is a Swiss
resident, and had executed the Loan Agreements in Switzerland. Similarly,
although the plaintiff had disbursed the loan monies from its bank account in
Singapore, the money was received by the defendant through a Swiss bank
account owned by KOSA.

8 To support his contention that the governing law is Singapore law, Mr Tang
submitted that the plaintiff, as the lender, “carries out the primary
obligation under the Loan Agreements by disbursing funds”, and that the place
of performance was thus Singapore where the plaintiff is located. To my mind,
Mr Tang’s reference to “the primary obligation” under the Loan Agreements is
neutralised by the defendant-borrower’s “primary obligation” to repay the loan
monies, as well as pay late payment charges and interest (where applicable).
In the present case, the relevant obligation to be enforced is the defendant’s
“primary obligation”, and not the plaintiff’s. I agree with Mr Lau that since
the Loan Agreements do not expressly stipulate where repayment of the loan and
payment of late charges and interest has to be made, there is no condition
that the obligation has to be performed in Singapore. The place of performance
is therefore a neutral factor in this analysis.

9 Further, Mr Tang also argued that the location of where “the risks of a
contract” falls points towards the law of that jurisdiction being the
governing law, and that in this case, the plaintiff, as the lending party,
bears the risk of non-payment. But the defendant has to pay late payment
charges and default annual interest, which are his risks to take. I do not
think that it is useful to compare the nature and degree of the various risks
that counterparties in different jurisdictions might bear in respect of any
number of events. This may not necessarily apply where all the risks are
somehow concentrated in a single jurisdiction (which appears to have been the
situation in Overseas Union Insurance Ltd v Turegum Insurance Co [2001] 2
SLR(R) 285, a case cited by Mr Tang), such that there is no need for an
exercise in evaluation. As far as the present case is concerned, however, I am
unable to give any substantial weight to the risk factor.

10 Having found none of the preceding factors to be decisive, I now turn to
the crucial factors tilting the balance in favour of Swiss law being the
governing law. First, the commercial purpose of the transaction (see Las Vegas
Hilton Corp (trading as Las Vegas Hilton) v Khoo Teng Hock Sunny [1996] 2
SLR(R) 589 at [39]) was to set up a Swiss entity, KOSA, and to provide its
initial working capital. Although this purpose is not expressly stipulated as
a term of the Loan Agreements, the plaintiff did not dispute that this was the
parties’ intentions at the time. Second, the Loan Agreements were denominated
in Swiss francs, and the loan monies were disbursed in Swiss francs. This
indicates that notwithstanding the separate locations of each party, the Loan
Agreements were essentially entered into in furtherance of their common
project in Switzerland. I therefore find the governing law of the Loan
Agreements to be Swiss law, which clearly points toward Switzerland, and not
Singapore, as the proper forum to hear the dispute.

11 Second, the convenience and expense of trial also favour Switzerland over
Singapore as the proper forum, given my finding above that Swiss law governs
the Loan Agreements. Mr Tang submitted that if this matter is litigated in
Switzerland, there will be translation and interpretation costs involved as
the medium of language there is French. I agree with Mr Lau, however, that
there is no evidence that the mode of Swiss legal proceedings would incur such
costs or that the quantum of such costs would be substantially more than if
the matter is tried here. Mr Tang’s submission that the relevant documentary
evidence is likely to be in the plaintiff’s offices in Singapore is also not a
significant factor. Documents can easily be transported or emailed overseas,
and the expense of doing so can be addressed by an appropriate costs order if
necessary (John Reginald Stott Kirkham and others v Trane US Inc and others
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 428 at [40]).

12 Third, as to the availability of witnesses, my view is that, at best, this
consideration weighs slightly in favour of Singapore being the proper forum.
Whereas the key witnesses here appear to be Mr Widodo and the defendant
himself (who are located in Singapore and Switzerland respectively), there are
at most, three other potential witnesses who are located in Singapore, whose
evidence may be relevant. Two of these potential witnesses appear to still be
in the employment of the plaintiff and there is no evidence showing that an
issue of compellability would arise even if this matter is litigated in
Switzerland. As to the third, Ms Selene Chua, I am unable to accept Mr Tang’s
bare assertion that she would not be compellable under Swiss law, there being
no evidence on the point before me. I thus ascribed little weight to the
compellability of witnesses as a consideration.

13 On balance, the importance of Swiss law being the governing law of the
contract far outweighs any countervailing considerations, and consequently, I
find that Singapore is not the proper forum to hear the dispute. Since that is
sufficient to dispose of the present appeal, I will only briefly outline my
findings in respect of whether the remaining two conditions in [3] above are
made out, and whether the plaintiff had failed to make full and frank
disclosure of any material facts so as to warrant the setting aside of the
Leave Order.

14 In the appeal before me, counsel for the parties are in full disagreement
regarding the standard of proof applicable to the first and second conditions.
The AR below had found, among other things, that “the plaintiff has failed to
establish that it has a good arguable case on the merits”.

15 Mr Tang submitted that this was an error in respect of the second
condition, because the AR should have applied the lower standard of whether
there is a “serious issue to be tried” on the merits. Mr Lau responded that
the AR’s finding actually concerned the first condition. He submitted that
based on the wording of O 11 r 1(d)(i) of the ROC (which was the
jurisdictional ground relied upon by the plaintiff), the first condition
required the plaintiff to show that it had a “good arguable case” to “enforce”
the Loan Agreements or “recover damages or obtain other relief” in respect of
a breach of the same. Essentially, Mr Lau argued that the first condition
required the plaintiff to show that it had a “good arguable case” on the
merits of the claim, thus subsuming the second condition.

16 In my view, the difference between the two standards of proof is this. A
“good arguable case” requires a plaintiff to show that he has reasonable
prospects of success, whereas a “serious issue to be tried” merely means that
he must raise an issue which needs to be resolved by the court. I agree with
Mr Tang’s submission that the first and second conditions (to which the two
differing standards of proof apply) should remain distinct. A close look at
the wording of O 11 r 1(d)(i) of the ROC makes clear that under the first
condition, the plaintiff must have a “good arguable case” that:

(a) “the claim is brought to enforce…a contract, or to recover damages or
obtain other relief in respect of the breach of a contract” (emphasis added);
and

(b) the said contract “was made as a result of an essential step being taken
in Singapore”.

The former component in sub-paragraph (a) only concerns what the claim is, and
not its merits. The latter component in sub-paragraph (b) is not disputed by
the defendant. In the present case, there is clearly a “good arguable case”
that both are made out, and the plaintiff must go on to show separately that
the second condition is also fulfilled, in that there is a “serious issue to
be tried” on the merits.

17 I should point out that where a plaintiff is relying on other
jurisdictional grounds in O 11 r 1 of the ROC, the inquiry for the first
condition may overlap with that for the second condition. Under other
provisions of O 11 r 1, jurisdiction may be conferred by reference to the
merits of the claim – see, for example, sub-rules (f)(i) (Bradley Lomas
Electrolok Ltd and another v Colt Ventilation East Asia and others [1999] 3
SLR(R) 1156 at [18]-[20]), as well as (f)(ii) and (p) (IM Skaugen SE and
another v MAN Diesel & Turbo SE and another [2018] SGHC 123 at [38]). In such
cases, it is obvious that once the plaintiff has satisfied the higher standard
of proof that he has a “good arguable case” on the merits, he would also have
satisfied the lower standard (ie, that there is a “serious issue to be
tried”).

18 Since all cases differ in their facts, and for any particular case, the
same facts are considered together, regardless of whether a court is faced
with the situation in [16] or [17] above, I do not think that it will be
helpful to draw fine distinctions between the first and second conditions and
their standards of proof on overlapping and common facts. That would only
obfuscate the crux of the issue – namely, whether a plaintiff has a reasonable
claim against a defendant, such that it should reasonably be allowed to serve
a lawsuit on the said defendant outside of Singapore, and have the matter
tried in our jurisdiction. Indeed, this is a relevant question as to whether
leave for service outside of jurisdiction should be granted or set aside. It
would be hard to imagine a case where all three leave conditions are made out,
and yet it is not reasonable to grant leave; or conversely, where any one
condition is not made out, and yet it is reasonable to grant leave. The three
conditions are necessary requirements for establishing the reasonableness for
a plaintiff to sue a defendant, who is outside of jurisdiction, in Singapore.
In the present case, it is clear to me that it would not be reasonable for the
plaintiff to do so, because as explained above, Singapore is not the proper
forum to hear the dispute.

19 In respect of the second condition, the emails from the plaintiff’s
officers allegedly confirming that only CHF$67,250 was outstanding in May
2016, and that full repayment had been made by August 2016, would be a
material factor for the court’s consideration. And so too, the plaintiff’s
return in October 2016 of certain alleged excess monies transferred to it by
the defendant. But the plaintiff failed to disclose in its original ex parte
leave application these two matters, as well as the commercial purpose of the
transaction. It is clear that any representation by the plaintiff’s officers
that only a small amount of CHF$67,250 (which amount apparently did not
include any late payment charges or default annual interest) was outstanding
in May 2016, or that the defendant had fully repaid all the loans by August
2016, would directly contradict the plaintiff’s present claim for the unpaid
principal sums, late payment charges and interest. Taken together with the
foregoing, the plaintiff’s return in October 2016 of alleged excess monies to
the defendant further undermines its account that there were any outstanding
sums at that point. Finally, I have already expressed my opinion that the
commercial purpose of the transaction is one of two crucial factors tilting
the balance in favour of Swiss law being the governing law (which in turn
underlies my finding that Singapore is not the proper forum to hear the
dispute). I would therefore also set aside the Leave Order, as well as service
of the writ of summons and statement of claim on the defendant in Switzerland,
on the independent ground that there was a lack of full and frank disclosure
of material facts. Our courts will not assume jurisdiction in such a case
unless all the leave conditions are met and the material matters known by the
applicant have been fully disclosed. The plaintiff did not comply with those
conditions.

20 For the reasons above, I dismiss the appeal, with costs. Prior to the
hearing of the present appeal, the plaintiff had filed Summons No 5712 of 2019
to apply for leave to file a further affidavit of fact, and an expert
affidavit. I dismissed the application with costs reserved. I now order costs
of that application together with reasonable disbursements to be paid by the
plaintiff to the defendant. The costs shall be taxed if not agreed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Tang Shangwei and Rachel Lee Pei Hua (WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Kenny Lau Hui Ming (Providence Law Asia LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

