Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 04

Suit No 1170 of 2017

Between

| Ramo Industries Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| DLE Solutions Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Building And Construction Law] — [Contractors’ duties] — [Duty as to
materials and workmanship]

[Building And Construction Law] — [Building and construction contracts] —
[formation and interpretation]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ramo Industries Pte Ltd

  

v

  

DLE Solutions Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 04

High Court — Suit No 1170 of 2017  
16–19, 23–24 July 2019; 9 October 2019

7 January 2020 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This suit arises out of a dispute on a contract for the supply, fabrication,
painting and delivery of structural steel (the “Contract”) between the
plaintiff (ie, the buyer) and the defendant (ie, the seller), for the
construction of an accommodation camp in the Petronas Refinery and
Petrochemical Integrated Development Project (the “Petronas Rapid Project”) in
Pengerang, Johor Bahru District, Malaysia.

Background Facts

2 The plaintiff is Ramo Industries Pte Ltd (“Ramo”), a Singapore incorporated
company in the business of building construction. The following
representatives are the plaintiff’s witnesses at trial:

(a) Mr Veerabadran Gunaseharan (“Guna”), a Director of Ramo;

(b) Mr Chidambaram Sribathi (“Sri”), the Senior Contracts Engineer of Ramo;

(c) Ms Parthasarathi Maheswari (“Mahe”), the Senior Sales & Marketing Manager
of the plaintiff’s sister company, Ramo Engineering Services Pte Ltd; and

(d) Mr Raji Francis (“Francis”), the Construction Site Engineer of Ramo.

3 The defendant is DLE Solutions Pte Ltd (“DLE”), a company incorporated in
Singapore whose principal business activity is “other specialised construction
and related activities”. The following representatives are the defendant’s
witnesses at trial:

(a) Mr Dennis Leu Yew Onn (“Dennis”), the Managing Director of DLE; and

(b) Ms Elaine Leu Kwai Hing (“Elaine”), the Contracts Manager of DLE and the
wife of Mr Dennis Leu.

4 The owner of the Petronas Rapid Project is PRPC Refinery and Cracker Sdn Bhd
(“PRPC”) and its main contractor is Punj Lloyd Limited (“Punj Lloyd”). Ramo is
a sub-contractor of Punj Lloyd for the Petronas Rapid Project engaged to
construct the pre-engineered structure and prefabricated building for an
accommodation camp in the Petronas Rapid Project (the “Accommodation Camp”).

5 In turn, Ramo awarded DLE the Contract for the supply, fabrication, painting
and delivery of structural steel to the site in Pengerang, Johor (“the Site”).
The following diagram sets out the relevant parties involved in the shipment
process of the structural steel: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 5.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

6 DLE engaged the services of Dai Dung to supply and prefabricate the
structural steel in Vietnam. It appointed Gateway as the forwarder to collect
the prefabricated structural steel from the port upon arrival at Pasir Gudang
port, Johor and in turn deliver it to the Accommodation Camp. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Guna’s AEIC at paras 10 and 12.

Upon arrival at Pasir Gudang port, the prefabricated structural steel
shipments had to undergo clearance at the Malaysian customs. According to the
plaintiff, Gateway introduced JPL to assist DLE with the customs clearance. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 13.

A key issue that parties are in dispute over is their respective
responsibility for customs clearance, which will be further discussed below.

Summary of Issues

7 I will first set out briefly the two main issues that this judgment will
deal with, namely the Contract Issue and the Liability Issue.

The Contract Issue

8 The first issue is whether the Contract is contained in or evidenced by the
following documents (“the Contract Issue”):

(a) the Letter of Award dated 20 January 2016 (“20 January LOA”);

(b) the Purchase Order No. RI/PO/152754 dated 1 March 2016 (“PO”); and

(c) the Letter of Credit No. 1CMLC592121 on 29 March 2016, including Amendment
Nos. 1 to 9 (“Letters of Credit”).

Essentially, the parties are in contention over the applicability and binding
nature of the 20 January LOA signed by Dennis and hence, their respective
obligations flowing from the Contract. My holding on the binding nature of the
20 January LOA for the Contract Issue would essentially impact three aspects
of the Liability Issue:

(a) whether Ramo is contractually entitled to claim for liquidated damages;

(b) whether DLE is entitled to the retention monies currently held by Ramo;
and

(c) whether DLE’s scope of works includes the customs clearance at Pasir
Gudang port.

Parties’ cases

9 Ramo submits that the 20 January LOA, the PO and the Letters of Credit form
the Contract between parties. On the other hand, DLE submits that the 20
January LOA was not a part of the Contract between the parties.

10 DLE initially took the position that the PO alone constituted the Contract
in its pleadings 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) (“D&CC”) at para 3(b).

and opening statement, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 8.

but subsequently changed its position at trial: it now says that both the PO
and the Letters of Credit constitute the Contract. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 176.

DLE does not dispute that Dennis had signed the 20 January LOA, but contends
that it was not intended to be part of the Contract between the parties. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 30.

It is DLE’s position that at the stage of signing the 20 January LOA, parties
were still in the process of negotiations as the price had not even been
agreed upon. DLE’s case is that it was orally agreed between Guna and Dennis
that the document to be signed was “only temporary pending finalisation of the
actual written agreement between the parties”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Dennis’ AEIC at para 41.

DLE submits that the sole purpose of the signed 20 January LOA was to convince
PRPC/Punj Lloyd that Ramo had formally engaged a steel supplier (ie, DLE) for
the project (the “Punj Lloyd Purpose”) and the said letter of award was not
intended to be binding on the parties. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

D&CC at para 3A.

As such, the Letter of Award was not a part of the Contract.

11 In short, the parties are essentially disputing over whether the 20 January
LOA, specifically, forms a part of the concluded Contract and hence, whether
the terms contained within it are binding on the parties.

The Liability Issue

12 After deciding the Contract Issue, I will deal with (a) the question
whether DLE is in breach of its obligations under the Contract; and (b) the
respective parties’ liabilities under the claim by Ramo and the counterclaim
by DLE (jointly referred to as “the Liability Issue”).

Parties’ cases

13 Ramo’s case is that DLE had failed to meet its obligations under the
Contract, which includes the fabrication and delivery of 1,328mt of structural
steel to the Site, and the responsibility for customs clearance processes. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) (“SOC”) at para 7.

The parties agreed that a total of 14 shipments of structural steel were to be
delivered from Vietnam to Pasir Gudang port in Malaysia. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 14.

DLE failed to comply with its contractual obligations by: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PCS at para 10.

(a) causing a shortfall in the requisite quantities of structural steel
delivered under the Contract (“the Shortfall Issue”);

(b) delivering unpainted structural steel (“the Unpainted Steel Issue”); and

(c) failing to fabricate the structural steel supplied in accordance with the
specifications provided by Ramo (“the Improper Fabrication Issue”).

As a result, Ramo had to incur costs in rectifying the above issues.

14 In addition, demurrage charges arose from the delay caused by DLE in the
customs clearance processes, and DLE’s failure to deliver painted structural
steel. First, DLE’s failure to obtain promptly the switch bill of lading, the
Certificate of Approval (“COA”) and an import licence from the Construction
Industry Development Board in Malaysia (“CIDB”), which were the documents
required before the prefabricated structural steel shipments could be
released, resulted in the delay of the release of the shipments from Pasir
Gudang port. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC at para 24.

Second, DLE’s failure to deliver painted structural steel (for the first to
third and seventh to tenth shipments) resulted in the containers carrying the
shipments to be transported first to a yard for painting works to be carried
out, before they were delivered to a work site. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at para 65.

The shipping liner refused to release the 11th to 13th shipments from the port
until the containers for the ninth and tenth shipments were returned to the
port. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at para 66.

Ramo could not return the containers for the ninth and tenth shipments to the
port as the painting works had to be carried out on the unpainted structural
steel. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at para 67.

As a result, the 28-day laytime under the bills of lading was exceeded and
demurrage charges were incurred. Ramo paid the demurrage charges on DLE’s
behalf first to ensure the release of the structural steel from the port and
now seeks reimbursement of the demurrage payments from DLE (“the Demurrage
Issue”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PCS at para 10.

15 Finally, Ramo seeks liquidated damages from DLE based on the rate stated in
cl 14 of the 20 January LOA, due to the delay to the construction of the
Accommodation Camp resulting from the above issues with the structural steel
and DLE’s failure to coordinate the customs clearance processes (“the Delay
Issue”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PCS at para 10.

16 In summary, Ramo submits that DLE’s actions resulted in loss and damage in
the following amounts: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PCS at para 171.

(a) US$33,139.20 for DLE’s over-claiming an amount of 34.52mt of structural
steel on the Letters of Credit (ie, DLE’s liability arising out of the
Shortfall Issue);

(b) S$147,237.25 for DLE’s liability for supplying 439.17mt of unpainted
structural steel and the third-party painting costs incurred by Ramo (ie,
DLE’s liability arising out of the Unpainted Steel Issue);

(c) S$100,66.17 (ie, comprising S$99,491.78 for the modification works and
S$10,574.39 for the materials purchased) for DLE’s liability for fabrication
errors listed in Ramo’s Invoice No. 2289/16 and for failing to supply the sag
rods and turnbuckles listed in Ramo’s Invoice No. 2291/16 and the costs
incurred by Ramo in relation thereto (ie DLE’s liability arising out of the
Improper Fabrication Issue);

(d) RM624,420.43, for demurrage charges incurred by Ramo as a result of DLE’s
failure to coordinate the customs clearance process (ie DLE’s liability
arising out of the Demurrage Issue); and

(e) RM2,889,000, for DLE’s liability to Ramo for liquidated damages for the
delay DLE had caused in failing to deliver the structural steel in a timely
manner (ie DLE’s liability arising out of the Delay Issue).

17 On the other hand, DLE counterclaims against Ramo for the sum of
US$35,936.16, being the retention monies of 5% that the parties agreed in June
2016 to be withheld by Ramo following the dispute over the shortfall and the
unpainted steel delivered (“the Retention Monies Issue”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DCS at para 146.

DLE also counterclaims against Ramo for the sum of US$5,040.42 being the value
of bolts supplied by DLE to Ramo for the Petronas Rapid Project (“the Bolts
Issue”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DCS at para 148.

The Contract Issue

18 I first deal with the Contract Issue: which documents constitute the
governing contract between the parties and hence the nature and scope of the
resulting obligations of both parties that follow. The central question that
needs to be answered is whether the contract between Ramo and DLE is contained
in or evidenced by one or more of the following documents:

(a) the 20 January LOA;

(b) the PO; and

(c) the Letters of Credit.

Facts

Events prior to the signing of 20 January LOA

19 Prior to the Petronas Rapid Project, Ramo and DLE had previously worked on
other projects pertaining to the supply of structural steel, such as the
project for structural steel works at the Keppel Benoi Yard in Singapore in
September 2015 (“Keppel Project”). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at pp 41–42; 19 July 2019 at p 138; Plaintiff’s Bundle
of Documents (“PBOD”) at pp 30–39.

In the Keppel Project, the material for the steel structure supplied is
identical to the one in the Petronas Rapid Project. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at p 42.

However, the steel structures for both projects are “almost the same”, “not
identical” and with slightly different drawings. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at pp 42–43.

DLE also undertook the supply, fabrication, installation and design work for
the Keppel Project. This is in contrast to the Petronas Rapid Project, which
only required DLE to supply, fabricate and deliver steel structural material
to the site, and did not involve installation works. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at p 44.

20 According to Dennis, there were preliminary discussions between Guna and
Dennis in January 2016 before signing the 20 January LOA regarding the
following: the construction of the Accommodation Camp, the general size of the
project and magnitude of the contract (ie, between 800 to 1,000 tonnes of
steel), the technical requirements for the Petronas Rapid Project which were
discussed with reference to drawings, Ramo’s budget of slightly over
US$1,000/mt, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 22.

the material specifications for the structural steel, the urgency of the
project and the schedule that Ramo had to meet for the Petronas Rapid Project
for Punj Lloyd. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at pp 20–22, 26–29.

This is corroborated by Guna, who also testified that the scope of work,
technical terms and specifications of the steel structure requirements were
discussed between the parties prior to signing the 20 January LOA. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at pp 40–41.

20 January LOA

21 I now reproduce the material clauses in the 20 January LOA. The 20 January
LOA is titled “Letter of Award – Supply, Fabricate, Painting and Delivery of
Structural Steel for the Construction of EPCC Camp for Rapid Project … at
Pengereng. For the [Sub-Contract] Works”. The preamble states: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABD”) Vol 1 at p 14.

We refer to DLE’s quotation and are pleased to award DLE the sub-contract for
Supply, Fabricate, Painting and Delivery of Structural steel material under
the main contract scope to the whole project for the construction of epcc camp
for rapid project … for the sub contract works for the Lump Sum amount of
Singapore Dollars _________________ (Price to be negotiated). The appointment
of your sub contract is subject to the [following]:

i. Re-measurement and Final Value of the Contract will reflect the exact net
Quantity of Works Executed

ii. Approval of your appointment by our Client and Consultants

This letter shall constitute a binding agreement between [Ramo] & [DLE] based
on the following terms and conditions: -

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in bold italics]

22 At cl 1 of the 20 January LOA, the scope of works and responsibilities of
DLE is enumerated: “Supply, Fabricate, Painting and Delivery of Structural
Steel Material For The Construction, Testing and Commissioning (If Necessary)
of following”. Clause 1 then lists the number and types of buildings that the
supply, fabrication, painting of “mild steel structures” would be for. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 15.

Clause 1 further states that the scope of work includes:

a) Supply, fabrication, Painting of mild steel structures for the above
buildings.

b) Place of Fabrication – Vietnam in accordance with the ITP Submitted

c) To provide Shopdrawings and Fabrication Drawings within 6 weeks from the
date of acceptance of this LOA.

d) To provide all test reports as specified in the contract specification by
the Consultants.

e) To deliver material to site – Duty to be reimbursed by Ramo.

f) Provision of all necessary supervisory staff, workers, safety personnel,
etc., in Fabrication Yard

g) Submission of Method of statement, Risk assessment, Safe work procedure,
and QA / QC procedure for Fabrication works in accordance to the
specifications.

h) To ensure to abide with main contractors programme schedule

i) All works are to be done in accordance with our Architectural Drawings,
Structural Drawings, Detail drawings and Contract Specifications.

j) To provide all necessary equipments, materials, labour and supervision for
the proper execution of works.

k) To co-ordinate and co-operate with other sub-contractors when necessary.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Clause 1(e) specifies that DLE is “[t]o deliver material to site – Duty to be
reimbursed by Ramo” [emphasis added].

23 Clause 14 on liquidated damages in the signed copy of the 20 January LOA
states: 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 20.

The Liquidated Damages shall be RM 10,750.00 (RINGGIT MALAYSIA TEN THOUSAND
SEVEN HUNDRED FIFTY ONLY) per day for each day the works remain incomplete
including Sundays and Public Holidays. DLE will be subjected to these damages
for any delay in completion of the project caused by you. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in event of any delays due to [DLE’s] default, DLE [is] required to
reimburse [Ramo’s] losses, damages and expenses incurred by [Ramo] as a result
of the delay. Sub-contractor shall follow the work schedule allotted for said
works strictly and there shall not be any [extension of time] approved.

[emphasis in bold italics]

24 Clause 16 of the 20 January LOA on Retention Monies states: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 20.

16\. Retention money:

• 10% of the Gross Value (excl GST) of each Invoice

• The percentage retention shall be 10% of which 5% will be released upon
practical completion and acceptance of the sub-contract works by Ramo.

• Balance 5% will be released upon expiry of the Maintenance Period and final
completion certificate by Ramo.

25 Finally, the Schedule of Works attached to the 20 January LOA states the
description of work as: “For Supply, Fabricate, Painting and Delivery of
Structural steel material under the main contract …” for the quantity of 1295
mt. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 25.

The rate charged was “to be [n]egotiated” and the price was also left blank.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 25.

Signing of the 20 January LOA

26 On 20 January 2016, a representative from Ramo’s office informed Dennis
that he could come down to the office. Guna testified that Dennis arrived at
the office and they had some final discussions on “some items related to the
scope of work”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at p 48.

Parties also agreed upon the main contract completion date before Dennis
signed the 20 January LOA. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at p 69.

Sri made the necessary amendments to the terms and conditions of Ramo’s
standard contract. Thereafter, Sri printed a copy of the 20 January LOA. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at p 48.

Guna testified that after he reviewed the amendments, he passed it to Dennis
to review. Thereafter, Dennis proceeded to sign two copies of the 20 January
LOA without any objections to the terms. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at p 48; 19 July 2019 at p 116.

Sri testified that Dennis had brought along his company stamp to the meeting
and stamped the company stamp on every page beside his signature. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 116.

It is Guna’s testimony that after Dennis had signed the 20 January LOA, Guna
then informed Dennis that Guna needed the copy of the signed LOA to show
PRPC/Punj Lloyd that Ramo had secured a steel supplier for the project. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at pp 47, 49.

27 On the other hand, Dennis testified that on 20 January 2016, he received a
call from Sri informing Dennis that Ramo had a document that they needed
Dennis’ signature in order to show PRPC/Punj Lloyd that Ramo had engaged DLE
as a subcontractor for the fabrication work. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 31; Dennis’ AEIC at para 41.

DLE requested Dennis to come down to Ramo’s office with his company stamp. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 31; Dennis’ AEIC at para 41.

Dennis did not understand that the document he was going to sign was a form of
a contract and informed Ramo that he wanted to look at the documents before he
appended his signature. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 32.

28 Dennis said that Guna assured him that the 20 January LOA was “only
temporary pending finalisation of the actual written agreement between the
parties” [emphasis added] and “its sole objective was to convince [PRPC/Punj
Lloyd] that [Ramo] had engaged a supplier for the structural steel”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Dennis’ AEIC at para 41.

Dennis also testified that Guna informed him that “[l]ook, if you’re not
comfortable, let’s leave it blank on the items that [mean] something to you”,
which was the reason why the price and the quantum for the liquidated damages
clause (cl 14) in the 20 January LOA had been left blank. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 32.

29 After reviewing the document, Dennis said he had raised objections to
various clauses, including cl 1(e) of the 20 January LOA. According to Dennis,
he could not agree to “deliver material to site” in cl 1(e) and informed Guna
that DLE did not want to be involved in the delivery of the materials to site
since that would include clearing customs. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at pp 35–36, 39.

Further, Dennis testified that DLE did not agree to paying the customs duty
first and then seeking reimbursement from Ramo in cl 1(e) because DLE, as the
shipper and not the importer of the steel, could not pay the duty. Only the
importer of the goods could pay the customs duty. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 40.

Further, Dennis had an issue with cll 1(h) and 9, which specified that DLE had
“to ensure to abide with [Ramo’s] programme schedule” as Dennis did not see
any programme schedule in the documentation. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at pp 41, 45.

Dennis was allegedly informed that all the details would be discussed later,
and that he just needed to sign the document so that it could be submitted to
PRPC/Punj Lloyd to evidence that Ramo had awarded the contract to DLE. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 32.

30 Dennis also allegedly objected to cl 14 on liquidated damages, noting that
he was in principle not agreeable to the entire liquidated damages clause
being imposed on DLE, despite his testimony that the quantum of the liquidated
damages in cl 14 was left blank when he signed it. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at pp 48–49.

Dennis also allegedly raised objections regarding various clauses, including
cl 4 on Price and Rates, cl 6 on Sub-Contract Work, cl 11 on indemnifying
Ramo, cl 12 on the certificate of warranty, and cl 13 on the defects liability
period. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at pp 42–46.

Dennis did not raise any concerns as regards the price (which was left blank)
and the scope of work under cl 1(b). 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at pp 37–39.

31 Dennis further testified that he did not make any handwritten comments for
any of the issues that he did not agree with in the 20 January LOA as he was
told not to make any comments. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 32.

Instead, Dennis was told to leave the disputed areas “blank” and “[Ramo and
DLE would] come back and sign another agreement with both sides agreeing on
the terms and conditions”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 32.

According to Dennis, the 20 January LOA contains no reference to the price
quantum or the chargeable amount of liquidated damages. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 33.

32 After assurances from Ramo that the 20 January LOA was “just formality
documents for them to show [their client]” and having considered that a
document “without the value, without dates, without the [liquidated damages]
amount” would not be a binding document based on his experience, Dennis
accepted and signed the 20 January LOA without making any handwritten
amendments to the document. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 32.

As such, DLE argues that the 20 January LOA was not intended to be a binding
agreement due to the circumstances in which Dennis had signed the 20 January
LOA.

33 A fax dated 22 January 2016 was sent from Ramo to Punj Lloyd in which Sri
forwarded a copy of the 20 January LOA, titled “Submission of Unpriced LOA –
Structural Steel Works – [DLE]”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

ABD Vol 11 at p 2.

Sri also agreed that he needed to “submit an unpriced contract document to
[his] client” as a confirmation that he had finalised the contract with his
subcontractor for the scope of work. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 150.

Correspondence before the Oral Price Agreement by 14 February 2016

34 As at 20 January 2016, the price for the structural steel had not been
agreed upon. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 20.

The parties could not agree on the unit price of the structural steel as
Dennis had to check with Dai Dung, its supplier in Vietnam, on the price and
material specifications of steel that Dai Dung could supply to DLE, which DLE
charged a small mark-up on. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 22.

After the signing of the 20 January LOA, which dealt principally with the
scope of the works, parties continued negotiating on the unit price of the
structural steel.

35 On 2 February 2016, Dennis sent Guna a Whatsapp message: “Sorry Guna Dennis
here. I'm still studying the costing with Production side as your budget given
to us is very very low. …” 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 115.

36 On 4 February 2016 at 10.57am, Dennis sent an email (“4 February Email”) to
Rohit, a staff of Ramo, inquiring about the following: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 113.

I would like to check with you the following:

1\. Using SS400 grade 235MPA steel with blast and paint (ex factory) -
USD920/MT

2\. CIF to Malaysia $90/MT

Delivery period to be 6-8weeks for 1200MT. First delivery can be 4-5weeks.

Please advise if SS400 can be used ?

Dennis Leu

[emphasis added]

On 4 February 2016 at 12.05pm, Dennis sent Guna three Whatsapp messages (“4
February Messages”): 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 115.

[12:05 PM, 2/4/2016] PEB-Dennis Leu: Hi Guna, I've sent our coatings to rohit

[12:05 PM, 2/4/2016] PEB-Dennis Leu: Coatings

[12:06 PM, 2/4/2016] PEB-Dennis Leu: EXWORKS $920/MT

CIF $90MT Pasir gudang

[emphasis added]

37 Dennis’ initial offer was to supply the steel at the price of US$1,100/mt,
comprising US$920/mt for the cost of the structural steel and US$90/mt for
delivery to Pasir Gudang port. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 24.

Dennis made the offer in the 4 February Email and 4 February Messages after he
had checked with Dai Dung on the schedule. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 146.

Ramo submits that the 4 February Email and 4 February Messages evidenced
Dennis’ intention to be bound by the 20 January LOA, in order to close off the
outstanding issue of the unit price of the structural steel. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PCS at para 62.

38 I note that Dennis’ initial offer for “CIF to Malaysia $90/MT” in the 4
February Email and “CIF $90MT Pasir gudang” in the 4 February Messages
suggests that DLE’s obligation was only limited to delivery of the steel to
Pasir Gudang port, and not to the Site in Pengerang. This is confirmed by
Guna, who testified that this was DLE’s initial offer to deliver the steel to
Pasir Gudang port, and not the Site in Pengerang. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 24

Eventually, the parties agreed upon DLE’s obligation to “deliver to site” for
US$960/mt, which comprised US$900/mt for the steel works and another US$60 for
delivery to the Site in Pengerang. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Guna’s AEIC at paras 24–25

This was recorded in the PO (see below at [59]) which describes DLE’s
obligations as “Supply and fabrication … delivery of pre engineering steel
structural material to site … under the main contract scope … for the
construction of epcc camp for Rapid project package #22 at pengereng”
[emphasis added]. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

ABD Vol 1 at pp 110, 238.

This is also consistent with cl 1(e) of the 20 January LOA.

39 On 12 February 2016, Dennis sent Sri an email to request for the following
information for DLE’s planning and execution purposes (“12 February Email”):
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 249.

… please kindly provide me with the following information for my planning &
execution purposes:

1\. I need information about the project – e.g. Total number of buildings,
show drawings, MTO list etc.

2\. I need the delivery sequence – which blocks to be fabricated and delivered
first.

3\. I need the site delivery address for me to coordinate and fix up the
inland transportation.

4\. I need the passport address of the said visitor to arrange for visa on
arrival.

5\. I need the PO for my processing and arrangement with Vietnam side.

Contractual Matters:

1\. As agreed based on our meeting, please kindly provide the said items for 1
& 2, as I need them to do members conversion, ensure all raw materials needed
are available, production planning.

2\. Please note that as our agreement, we will fabricate, pack, ship the cargo
CIF to Malaysia & handle the inland transportation to the site (need site
address). Customs clearance & duties are by [Ramo] (as you will be the
consignee & importer).

3\. Material Used will be by SS400/A36 Grade with Mill Test Certificate.
Material testing and all QAQC requirements shall be compliant to Dai Dung /
DLE in house ITP test program. (No ITA is included in our option).

4\. Production schedule will be establish based on receiving shop drawings,
production sequence and LC. We are trying our best to follow the schedule but
next week I will be in Vietnam to establish this.

5\. If client / [Ramo] need any special inspection, please note that
associated cost will not be included in our offer. But it can be arranged.

Shipment Matters:

1\. We will establish this issue later if you need CO Form D or not, this is
pertaining to duties.

2\. Site location is important for us to establish the final shipping cost,
please provide.

3\. Unloading on site including container clearance and cleaning up to be
handled by [Ramo].

4\. For site erection works, I will need drawings to pass over to my
installers there for assessing the site and costings. We will discuss this
separately.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Oral Price Agreement before 14 February Email

40 It is undisputed that the price of the Contract was orally agreed between
Sri and Dennis (“Oral Price Agreement”) before 10.34pm on 14 February 2016. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at pp 22, 42, 158.

For the oral negotiations, Guna had given Sri authority to agree to a price
within the range of US$940–960/mt. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 23.

The unit price was finally agreed upon at US$960/mt (comprising US$900/mt for
the steel works and US$60/mt for delivery to site), which Ramo had negotiated
down from DLE’s initial offer of US$1,100/mt. According to Guna, the US$60/mt
component included the costs for shipment from Vietnam to the Pasir Gudang
port, marine insurance, clearing the shipment through customs (excluding the
payment of any duties or taxes to be borne by Ramo), and local transport to
site. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 25.

41 Dennis could not remember the exact date on which the oral agreement on
price was made. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 34.

At the very least, both Ramo and DLE are in consensus that the unit price of
US$960/mt was agreed upon before Sri sent an email to Dennis dated 14 February
2016 at 10.34pm (“14 February Email”). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at pp 29, 42; 24 July 2019 at pp 58–59.

This agreed fact is crucial as the oral agreement on price is the point in
time at which the Contract was crystallised, as elaborated below at [69]. This
was before Ramo issued the PO to DLE, which was signed by parties on or around
28 to 29 March 2016. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 20.

Parties’ Correspondence from 14 February 2016 onwards

42 Since the Contract was crystallised the moment the Oral Price Agreement was
made before 10.34pm on 14 February 2016, all subsequent actions by the parties
after the Oral Price Agreement are efforts to amend the Contract. In
determining whether the parties subsequently succeeded in amending the terms
of the 20 January LOA and the Oral Price Agreement, I will assess if their
subsequent correspondence had evidenced both a request of change of terms by
one party and a clear acceptance by the other party, without either of which
there would be no amendment to the Contract already formed. With that in mind,
I now proceed to detail the parties’ correspondence from 14 February 2016
onwards.

43 On 14 February 2016 at 10.34pm, Sri sent Dennis a draft of the Letter of
Award dated 14 February 2016 (“14 February Draft”) by way of an email to DLE,
stating “[p]lease find herewith enclosed Contract document for your kind
perusal”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 202.

The 14 February Draft was not signed by DLE. Sri testifies that the major
differences between the 20 January LOA and the 14 February Draft are (a) the
price which was inserted in the Schedule of Works at US$960,000 (based on
US$960/mt for 1000 mt); 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 13.

(b) the schedule for delivery at cl 9; 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 7.

and (c) the address of the site for delivery. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 157.

Ramo submits that the 14 February Draft evidenced an oral agreement between
parties on the following terms: the unit price of US$960/mt, the delivery
schedule with the final shipment date of 10 April 2016 and the grade material
of the structural steel being SS400. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PCS at para 77.

44 On 15 February 2016 at 8.05pm, Elaine replied to Sri, with an email
attaching an unsigned draft with handwritten mark-ups on the 14 February Draft
(“15 February Draft”). 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 201.

These handwritten mark-ups represent DLE’s comments on the 14 February Draft
and the amendments were made by Elaine with the knowledge of Dennis. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at p 45.

In the email, Elaine also informed Sri that “there [were] some clauses not
applicable to [their] supply contract and would be better omitted from the
contract scope to avoid confusion”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 201.

In the 15 February Draft, under cl 1(h) which states “Upon completion of
fabrication, to deliver material to RAPID Site- Accommodation Camp…” (in the
14 February Draft), Elaine made the following handwritten comments beside cl
1(h): “custom[s] clearance at [port] and duty shall be paid by Ramo upon
material arrival”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 4.

45 In an email dated 16 February 2016 to Ramo, Dennis also confirmed receiving
“all the structural drawings”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 189.

46 On 26 February 2016, Elaine sent an email to Sri, stating: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 233.

I refer to my email of 15 Feb 2016 sent to you with our comments on the
contract draft … Should there be no further comments, please send [DLE] the
revised contract …

47 On 2 March 2016, DLE sent Ramo an email enquiring about seven issues for
Ramo to clarify (including item (5) where DLE sought contact details of Ramo’s
Malaysian agent from whom DLE could obtain a quotation for performing customs
clearance services in Malaysia, presumably on DLE’s behalf). Ramo replied on 3
March 2016 at 9.41am on the seven issues, with the email reproduced as follows
(with Ramo’s replies in italics): 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Guna’s AEIC at p 171.

Please find below the details for your reference and further action.

1) Understand you need to check with your boss for the LC term “LC‐sight”,
please revert to us‐ LC at Pengarang sight

2) Certificate Of Origin (COO) required for this project ? – we need the
certificate of ORIGIN

3) If yes, consignee to put Ramo or Petronas Malaysia? – Ramo Industries Sdn
Bhd

4) Notify party on the BL, to arrange 1st Notify : RAMO INDUSTRIED PTE LTD,
2nd Notify : PETRONAS MALAYSIA ? – Ramo Industries Pte Ltd only

5) Please advise your Malaysia agent contact no, person‐in‐charge and the
quotation from them for customs clearance in Malaysia ? – I will forward u the
details asap

6) Please confirm the cargo description we can arrange “PRE‐ENGINEERING STEEL
BUILDING” on the BL and COO? – you have to confirm with your forwarder

7) And, what is the HS code for Malaysia Customs Clearance? ‐ you have to
confirm with your forwarder

[emphasis added]

48 On 3 March 2016 at 11.58am, Elaine replied to Ramo with an email seeking to
negotiate on the payment terms by Letter of Credit: 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Guna’s AEIC at pp 171–172.

I refer to your email of 3 March 2016 below.

1) Understand you need to check with your boss for the LC term “LC‐sight”,
please revert to us‐ LC at Pengarang sight

I would like to clarify that “LC‐sight” means money will be released by the
bank to the beneficiary once all the required documents are in order. Our VN
supplier requires this LC‐sight upon shipment and they would not accept to
wait for another 60 days (i.e. LC‐60 days term) before release of the money to
them.

Hence, please check with your boss on the LC‐sight instead of LC‐60days term.

Appreciate Ramo understanding to this payment issue and the LC can be released
to us within this week.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

49 On 3 March 2016 at 1.35pm, Elaine sent an email to Sri stating: 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 233.

Dear Sri

I refer to my email of 26 Feb 2016 (see below).

Please forward us the revised contract for us to proceed with the job.

This was with reference to the 15 February Draft of the Letter of Award.

50 On 3 March 2016 at 5.00pm, Ramo clarified the issue of payment terms by
letter of credit by sending an email to Elaine which states, “… please try to
get 60 days Credit term from the supplier, which was already confirmed with
Mr. Dennis”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Guna’s AEIC at p 170.

51 On 4 March 2016 at 6.26pm, Elaine sent Ramo an email as follows: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Guna’s AEIC at pp 169–170.

We refer to your email of 3 Mar 2016. After Dennis talking to the supplier,
this is what they can accept for the Phase 01 payment (i.e. USD$300K) :

Option 1: 30% down‐payment (i.e. USD$90K) to be paid and remaining (i.e.
USD$210K) to be issued with LC 30‐ day term; or

Option 2: No down‐payment. USD$300K to be issued with LC 15‐day term.

This is what our supplier can accept, LC 60‐day term is not accepted by them.
Please let us know which option Ramo will go for, Option 1 or 2.

In addition, please re‐consider the following:

a) Delivery Order Countersigned By Applicant – please omit this as part of the
requirement. It is not workable for us as the site is in Malaysia.
Furthermore, Ramo will be inspecting the material before shipment.

b) Please omit the Tolerance Credit Amount of +/‐ 10%. We won’t over‐claim the
LC amount, at the same time, we do not expect to under‐claim the LC amount
too.

c) LC term: pending Ramo decision on Option 1 or 2.

d) We have updated our USD bank account number (under Special Instruction),
for your info please.

e) Description of goods: pending your forwarder to confirm an “ok” to go.

We would like to highlight that Ramo has put in the additional terms in the LC
requirement (i.e. Item a & b). Please re‐consider to omit them. With these
additional requirement, it’s very difficult for us to continue with this job.
Furthermore, if our supplier does not agree with the LC terms, this job is not
able to be undertaken as well.

[emphasis added]

52 During the period of 7 March 2016 to 9 March 2016, the relevant Whatsapp
correspondence between Dennis and Guna was as follows: 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

ABD Vol 1 at pp 115–116

[10:08 PM, 3/7/2016] Guna-BB Guna-BB: … I discussed with Mahi about your LC.
... Btw,how far is the fabrication going on?

…

[9:17 PM, 3/8/2016] PEB-Dennis Leu: Hi Guna, I have spoken to mahe today and
also setup some things at the factory already. We will start production by
tomorrow or Thursday based on the schedule given by Sri for the first
building. However, for shipment we still have issues not resolve: 1\. HS code
of product 2. Ramo import license 3. Duties that will be induced in Malaysia.
Due to these issues not resolved, I'm afraid I can't undertake the delivery to
site scope of works under my scope. I will however do my best to support your
side to work closely on getting above items resolve before the shipment. But
if you put the conditions related to the customs on my side which will
ultimately affect Vietnam side then they will refuse to start the work. Please
understand our strength in this sense is to support on engineering and
fabrication so I hope you can help us by getting the first LC out as CIF
scope. The cost reduction is as per discussed last time if the scope of inland
is not by myside. But I will support in coordination. Is that okay for you
Guna ?

…

[5:45 AM, 3/9/2016] Guna-BB Guna-BB: Good morning Dennis...

I will try to call you in the late afternoon. Or you can do so...

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

At this juncture, it is apparent that Dennis was attempting to implore Ramo to
alter DLE’s obligation for “delivery to site” and to issue the first letter of
credit under CIF terms.

53 On 9 March 2016 at 4.00pm, Elaine sent Mahe (from Ramo) an email,
referencing the email on 4 March 2016 and a conversation between Dennis and
Mahe, stating: 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Sri’s AEIC at para 13 and Guna’s AEIC at p 169.

I refer to our email of 4 Mar 2016 and the conversation between Dennis and you
yesterday.

As mentioned to you, we propose to supply the material as CIF term and will
support Ramo 100% with the Malaysia clearance process. As this project is on
tight schedule, we should not spend any more time on negotiating on the terms
of the LC. Let’s close this LC issue and let us supply the material as CIF.
Please issue the LC based on this (see revised LC draft attached) so that the
fabrication will not be hindered further.

In the attached LC draft, please input the Malaysia local company full name
and address (under “Documents Required”) and the description of goods (under
“Brief Description of Goods”). Should there be any query on the LC draft which
may impact on the shipment clearance, please don’t hesitate to contact us for
clarification.

[emphasis in original in underline; emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

54 On 11 March 2016, Dennis sent the following Whatsapp message to Guna: 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 116.

[12:22 PM, 3/11/2016] PEB-Dennis Leu: Mr Guna. Dennis here. Sorry for the
whole held up but this LC issue we can't follow your requirements. I spoke to
my bankers yesterday afternoon and today morning. They told me not to accept
DDP term because 1\. I do not have a company in Malaysia. If I incur to pay
GST I can't claim back from government. 2. I have no import license so I can
import the cargo under my company name. 3. If the importation have hiccups
cargo get stuck at port and bank cannot clear the LC due to DO not received
and cargo not sent to site so bank will get problem also [w]ith supplier.
Under these situation I can't have the LC as DDP. However as my commitment to
you, I'll support to coordinate and clear the customs to site. Also to hi-
light that if I engage the logistic company in Malaysia I have to pay them GST
and I can't claim GST from Malaysia government so this is also an issue for
me. As you know I put in whatever effort possible to support this job but
these restrictions are beyond me. Pls help to confirm the LC to issue out as
CFR, we will settle the insurance to your side. And coordinate the inland
delivery.

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

55 At this stage of the negotiations, the parties’ correspondence indicates
that Ramo’s intention was for the shipment to be on Delivered Duty Paid
(“DDP”) terms, while DLE was imploring Ramo to issue the Letters of Credit
under Cost and Freight (“CFR”) terms, on the condition that DLE would settle
the insurance for Ramo (hence rendering it CIF terms in substance) as well as
supporting Ramo to “coordinate and clear the customs to site”. Shipping under
DDP terms would mean that DLE assumed all the responsibility, risks and costs
associated with transporting the steel until the destination of unloading at
the named place of delivery, which would necessarily include the customs
clearance obligation. On the other hand, shipping under CFR terms would mean
that DLE paid for the carriage of the steel up to the named port of
destination. It is apposite to note that on 11 March 2016, there was a
distinct shift in DLE’s position regarding its willingness to accept customs
clearance obligations, contrasted with its earlier refusal to undertake such
obligations in the 12 February Email (see above at [39]). DLE’s negotiating
position appears weak bearing in mind the pre-existing oral agreement made
sometime before 14 February 2016, presumably premised on the scope of works
set out in the 20 January LOA, that places the obligation on DLE to deliver to
site. It seems that there was limited room for DLE to manoeuvre in its
negotiation to have Ramo undertake the customs clearance if Ramo did not
agree.

56 On 21 March 2016, Sri made further amendments to the 15 February Draft and
sent Elaine an email seeking DLE’s approval, enclosing a revised draft Letter
of Award dated 21 March 2016. The email states: 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 232.

Please find herewith enclosed revised contract for your kind perusal.

Please sign, chop and email us a copy of the same for our retention.

Parties however did not ultimately sign or execute the draft Letter of Award
dated 21 March 2016. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Sri’s AEIC at para 17.

57 At this stage, I am inclined to take the view that the parties’
correspondence above from 14 February 2016 onwards were mere requests to alter
the terms but do not evidence a clear acceptance by the other party. Hence, I
find no amendments to the Contract constituted by the 20 January LOA and the
Oral Price Agreement as the parties failed to vary the terms of the Contract.

Issuance of the PO by Ramo and acceptance by DLE

58 On 28 March 2016 at 8:24pm, Sri sent an email to DLE enclosing a copy of
the PO signed by Ramo, stating: 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Guna’s AEIC at p 168.

Please find enclosed PO for processing the LC.

Please sign, chop and email us the same for our retention and onward
submission.

…

59 Under the PO, the description of DLE’s obligations are as follows: 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 110.

Supply and fabrication including sand blasting and painting, delivery of pre
engineering steel structural material to site excluding unloading at site
under the main contract scope to the whole project for the construction of
epcc camp for Rapid project package #22 at pengereng. [emphasis added]

This substantively mirrored the scope of works and responsibilities in cll 1
and 1(e) of the 20 January LOA, except that the obligation of “sand blasting”
was included in the PO. Sri testified that DLE’s obligation for sandblasting
was merely not spelt out in the 20 January LOA but spelt out in the PO. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 162.

Sri explained that the obligation of sandblasting was not a new item since
both parties understood that sandblasting had to be done before the painting
of the steel could be done. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 162.

I accept Sri’s explanation because sandblasting creates a clean surface so
that the paint can adhere well to the steel to be painted. In any case, the
issue of sandblasting was not disputed between parties.

60 The unit price of US$960/mt in the Oral Price Agreement is stated clearly
in the PO, which sets out briefly DLE’s basic scope of work. Under the PO, the
contracted quantity is only for 312.50mt of steel structural material at the
total amount of US$300,000.00 (based on the same unit price of US$960/mt).
Most notably, DLE’s scope of work is described as “delivery of [pre-
engineering] steel structural material to site” with no exclusion of “customs
clearance”. This remains consistent with cl 1(e) of the 20 January LOA. The
terms and conditions of the PO state:

1\. Ramo Industries Pte Ltd Reserves the right to revoke this Purchase Order
to alter, amend and supplement due to the contingencies that may arise then
and there.

2\. Chop and send back the purchase order upon accepting the same.

3\. Our PO reference number should be mentioned in your Invoice for processing
of Payment.

4\. Payment shall be made upon submission of all Relevant Original
Documents/Delivery Order Work completion Report Duly signed by Authorised Ramo
personel [sic] along with Invoice

61 On 28 March 2016 at 8.24pm, Dennis replied in an email to Sri, stating “Sri
you put in the first term on the PO doesn’t make it easier for me to sign off
quickly”. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Guna’s AEIC at p 167.

Nevertheless, DLE decided to accept the PO on 29 March 2016 at 5.13pm through
an email to Ramo enclosing the PO signed and stamped by both parties. The
email states, “Attached signed PO no. RI_PO_15_2754 for you to submit to bank
for LC processing. Kindly send us the LC by tomorrow, thank you.” 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

ABD Vol 1 at pp 110; Guna’s AEIC at p 167.

DLE signed and stamped the PO with its company stamp in accordance with cl 2
of the PO, signifying DLE’s acceptance of the terms of the PO on 29 March
2016. The consistency of the essential terms of the PO and the 20 January LOA
further reinforces the binding nature of the 20 January LOA and confirms that
the parties’ negotiations from 14 February 2016 onwards failed to alter the
Contract especially in relation to DLE’s obligation to deliver the fabricated
steel structural material to site. I do however accept that where the express
terms of the PO are different from that in the Contract, they are only to that
extent varied by subsequent agreement of the parties when Ramo issued the PO
and DLE accepted it on 29 March 2016.

Letters of Credit

62 The parties agreed that the payments were to be effected by letters of
credit issued by United Overseas Bank, Singapore (“UOB”) on a rolling basis.
104

##### Foot Note 104

×

SOC at para 11.

63 On or around 29 March 2016, UOB issued the first letter of credit for the
amount of US$300,000.00 in DLE’s favour. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

SOC at para 12; ABD Vol 10 at p 176; Guna’s AEIC at para 20.

64 On 1 April 2016, Elaine sent an email to Sri, stating: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 232; Dennis’ AEIC at para 55.

As spoken, we note that some of our comments on the contract are not being
considered for we can’t close it citing the discrepancies. It would be better
if we can meet up to iron out the discrepancies …

65 On 20 April 2016, the shipment process was summarised in an email by Guna
seeking Dennis’ confirmation on the procedure, with Dennis’ replies to the
said email italicised as follows: 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

ABD Vol 2 at p 176.

Can I summarise this shipping, by this following step by step procedure:

Step 1: Vietnam Shipper Dai Dung appoints a local forwarder “AAA” to handle
this shipment. Correct

Step 2: The Vietnam forwarder “AAA” fix up with the liner TMS. Correct

Step 3: TMS do the shipment, by the named vessel, and their appointed
releasing agent in Pasir Gudang is ‘BBB’. Correct.

Step 4: Dai Dung collects the Master HOUSE BL from the liner in Vietnam and
submitting to BANK for discounting the LC. Since, it is a LC based shipment,
the consignee shall be the LC issuing bank in Singapore – In this case it is
UOB. Correct

Step 5: Upon receiving of LC discount documents from Vietnam, UOB clears the
payment formalities and releasing the shipping documents to RAMO in Singapore.
Correct

Step 5 [sic]: Since this contract to DLE is on delivery to site basis; RAMO
shall hand over the original shipping documents to DLE in Singapore. Correct

Step 6: DLE shall approach the Liner’s Singapore office to switch the BL with
consignee name as PRPC. Correct, this process we have checked with Shipping
Line and they told us, they can’t produce a Switched BL without the Original.
They can do the draft for us now but only upon collection of the ORIGINAL BL
they can issue us the SWITCHED one on the SAME DAY @ S$250.

Step 7: Upon receiving the switch BL, DLE shall pass on the same to Gateway
shipping (their local Forwarder), for further proceedings. Correct

Step 8: Gateway shipping shall handover the Switch BL to JPL for customs
clearance and releasing the containers. Correct

Step 9: JPL shall be liaising with the Pasir Gudang customs and get it
cleared. Correct

Step 10: Upon clearing the customs, JPL shall approach the liner’s local
releasing agent ‘BBB’ for releasing of the containers. Correct

Step 11: Upon release, Gateway shipping shall forward the containers by road
to the site. Correct

Step 12: Upon emptying the containers RAMO shall inform DLE/Gateway for taking
out. Correct

Step 13: Gateway shipping shall arrange to collect and transport and return
the containers to the liners, to complete the whole shipment procedure.
Correct

Please correct me if any of this procedure is wrong.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Step 5 of this email confirms that parties were ad idem that DLE is
responsible for “delivery to site”, which would encompass customs clearance
obligations.

66 On or around 20 June 2016, UOB issued Letter of Credit Amendment No. 4 for
the revised amount of US$1,211,136.00 for 1,328 mt of structural steel
material at the unit price of US$912.00/mt (see below at [115]). 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

SOC at para 13; ABD Vol 10 at p 186.

.

67 On 1 August 2016, Sri sent DLE an email stating: 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 231.

We still haven’t received the signed contract.

We need the same today evening otherwise all further payments will be [frozen]
by our bank.

On 5 August 2016, Elaine replied to Sri with an email noting that DLE had
already signed the PO since 29 March 2016, and that the PO would be
“sufficient as [it was] related to DLE’s scope of work”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 229.

Elaine’s view that the PO itself would be sufficient as a contract suggests
that by August 2016, it was way past the contract formation stage.

My decision

Crystallisation of Contract

68 The following excerpt from Chow Kok Fong, Law and Practice of Construction
Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2018) (“Law and Practice of Construction
Contracts”) at paras 1.051, 1.052 and 1.059 provides guidance on the formation
of construction contracts in relation to the parties, price and scope of
works, as well as the role of a letter of award:

Parties in negotiations will be expected to discuss a range of issues. As
negotiations develop, parties may seek to accommodate each other’s concerns
and new terms may be agreed. At some stage the parties may consider that
agreement has been reached on the essential terms and, having reached such
agreement, parties may be satisfied that the works can begin. It is quite
clear that an agreement may be enforceable notwithstanding that the details of
the obligations had not been fully set out. The question in these situations,
however, is whether the terms which have been agreed include all the essential
terms which, even though the parties did not realise it, were in fact
essential. "If some particulars essential to the agreement still remain to be
settled afterwards there is no contract", per Lord Blackburn in Rossiter v
Miller (1878).

…

… agreement as to parties, price, time and description of works (or scope of
works) is normally the minimum necessary to make the contract commercially
workable. If parties have reached a definite position on these terms, it
points irresistibly to the existence of a contract. The reverse is not
necessarily true. The absence of any of these terms – essential as they are –
does not mean that no agreement has been concluded. In some instance this
lacuna [can] be cured, provided that it is clear that the parties intended to
contract. Nevertheless, the court will not consider that a contract has come
into existence if by their words and conduct the parties make clear that they
do not intend to be bound until certain terms are agreed notwithstanding that
the terms may be relatively minor. Ultimately, it is for parties to decide
whether they wish to be bound and if so, by what terms, whether important or
unimportant. Obviously, “the more important the term is the less likely it is
that the parties will have left it for future decision”.

…

… This [letter of award] is generally intended to operate as a legally binding
acceptance of the tender on its terms, thereby bringing the contract into
operation. The letter itself is usually expressly incorporated as part of the
eventual contract documents. Frequently the letter of award may be issued even
though not all the terms have been agreed between the parties. … but the terms
of the letter may therefore suggest that the parties fully envisage this state
of affairs and expressly allow for the modification of amendment of the terms
governing these matters.

[emphasis added]

In the ordinary course of business, it is often the case that the scope of
works/services are first discussed, such as the specifications and quality of
the steel structural materials in the present case, before the unit price can
be agreed upon because the price depends substantially on (a) how extensive
the scope of works/services is; (b) how stringent the specifications are; and
(c) how onerous the contractual obligations are. As Mr Chow Kok Fong rightly
notes in Law and Practice of Construction Contracts at para 1.057: “the
description of the works, or what is normally referred to as the scope of
works, is critically important. … The terms relating to price and time can
only be understood in relation to the scope of works.” Logic dictates that
parties would usually negotiate over the price only after they have agreed
upon the scope of works/services.

69 It is clear in the present instance that the Contract could not have
crystallised at the time when the parties signed the 20 January LOA since the
parties had not yet reached agreement on the price, which is clearly an
essential term. However when the parties made the Oral Price Agreement for the
agreed scope of works as set out in the 20 January LOA, this is sufficient for
the formation of the Contract. Taking into account the factual chronology of
events, I find that the Contract crystallised when the parties reached an Oral
Price Agreement on a certain price per metric tonne for the prefabricated
structural steel, and this was before Sri sent the 14 February Draft at
10.34pm on 14 February 2016. While the parties were unable to adduce evidence
at trial to determine the exact point in time when the Oral Price Agreement
was made, what is crucial is that the price was already agreed upon before the
14 February Draft was sent.

70 In determining the agreed terms of the Contract, the court looks at the
signed documentation and the correspondence showing the parties’ negotiations
(ie, the 20 January LOA, 2 February Message, 4 February Email, 4 February
Messages and 12 February Email) that occurred up till the point when the Oral
Price Agreement was made.

71 A variation of contract is “an agreed alteration or modification by the
parties of the terms of a pre-existing contract between them” and in
construction contracts, may be used by the draftsman for an agreed alteration
or for extension of the contract completion date, compensatory provisions, or
even the initial quoted contract price: Nicholas Dennys and Robert Clay,
Hudson’s Building and Engineering Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2015)
at para 5-017. As such, any subsequent agreement to amend the terms in the 20
January LOA after the Oral Price Agreement would be a variation of contract.
Any subsequent unsigned drafts, such as the 14 February Draft and 15 February
Draft, are mere evidence of the parties’ negotiations to amend terms
established in the 20 January LOA and the Oral Price Agreement. With this
methodology in mind, I now turn to deal with the core issue of whether the 20
January LOA is binding.

Whether the 20 January LOA is binding

72 I deal first with the issue of whether the 20 January LOA is part of the
Contract and binding.

73 While the Contract was not concluded on 20 January 2016 itself, I find that
the terms of the 20 January LOA constitute the agreed scope of works binding
on the parties once the price based on that agreed scope of works was agreed.
In other words, the terms of the 20 January LOA would form a part of the
concluded Contract. I also reject DLE’s case that Dennis had signed the 20
January LOA for the sole reason of the Punj Lloyd Purpose (ie, merely to show
PRPC/Punj Lloyd that Ramo had awarded the contract to DLE) and therefore the
20 January LOA was not intended by parties to be binding. I find the 20
January LOA to be a part of the Contract and binding for the following
reasons.

Express wording in preamble

74 First, the express wording on the cover page of the 20 January LOA
militates in favour of the binding nature of the 20 January LOA: “This letter
shall constitute a binding agreement between [Ramo] & [DLE] based on the
following terms and conditions …” [emphasis added]. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 14.

Dennis must be taken to have at least read the preamble in the very first
paragraph of the document. Dennis signed the last page that “confirmed and
agreed on behalf of [DLE]”. In fact, he signed and stamped every page of the
20 January LOA.

75 I do not believe Dennis’ evidence that Guna assured him that the document
was a mere formality in the sense that it would not form a part of the
contract even if the parties were to agree on the price subsequently. Dennis
tried to explain that the 20 January LOA was only for the Punj Lloyd Purpose
and nothing else. If Dennis had genuinely believed that the 20 January LOA was
never going to be binding even after the price was agreed, there would be no
reason for Dennis to raise objections to 12 clauses on 20 January 2016, namely
cll 1, 1(d), 1(e), 1(g), 1(h), 4, 6, 9, and 11–14. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript 23 July at pp 37, 39–42, 44–47.

Dennis’ explanation of this contradiction was that in the worst-case scenario,
he wanted to make sure that there was nothing in the 20 January LOA that could
“bind” him, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript 23 July at p 52.

which meant that he must have understood the express wording in the preamble
of the 20 January LOA. This, if anything, is an implicit admission of Dennis’
awareness that the 20 January LOA would be binding in that it would form a
part of the contract once the parties agreed on the price based on the scope
of works set out in that LOA. The 20 January LOA is essentially an incomplete
agreement: the terms on the scope of works have been agreed upon, subject to
the finalisation of the price.

Circumstances prior to signing of the 20 January LOA

Ramo’s Forgery

76 Next, I turn to deal with a preliminary issue that arose at trial of
Dennis’ allegation of Ramo’s Forgery, which is essentially a dispute on the
contents of cl 14. Clause 14 of the copy of the 20 January LOA in the Agreed
Bundle of Documents states that the “Liquidated Damages shall be RM 10,750.00
(RINGGIT MALAYSIA TEN THOUSAND SEVEN HUNDRED FIFTY ONLY) per day.” In
contrast, cl 14 of the copy of the 20 January LOA admitted through Dennis’
Affidavit of Evidence-In-Chief (“AEIC”), had the quantum of “RM 10,750.00 …
ONLY” left as a blank. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

DBAEIC at p 48.

77 I do not believe Dennis’ testimony that the quantum of the liquidated
damages in cl 14 had been left blank when Dennis signed the 20 January LOA and
the quantum of RM10,750.00 both written in figures and in words was only
inserted after Dennis had signed the 20 January LOA. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at pp 32, 57 and 60; Dennis’ AEIC at para 44.

Since it is Dennis’ testimony that the quantum was not present on the original
signed copy of the 20 January LOA 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at pp 59–60.

and every page of the 20 January LOA was signed by Dennis with his company
stamp, Dennis is essentially making a serious allegation that Ramo had forged
the document by inserting the quantum of RM10,750.00 both in figures and in
words in cl 14 after Dennis had signed on the original document (“Ramo’s
Forgery”).

78 Having examined the original signed 20 January LOA, I find it near
impossible for Ramo to have inserted the quantum of liquidated damages of
RM10,750.00 for cl 14 onto the original document which was signed and stamped
by Dennis. The allegedly inserted quantum of liquidated damages both in
figures and in words appear to be printed at the same time as with all the
other words that were printed originally as a page for signature because of
the near perfect alignment (based on a visual inspection) of the allegedly
inserted figures and words with the rest of the other printed words. The only
way Ramo could have done so to achieve such near perfect alignment would be by
re-printing a new copy of that page of the 20 January LOA (with the quantum as
stated in cl 14), and thereafter, forging Dennis’ signature and somehow
obtaining and using the company stamp of DLE to stamp on that page of the
document. The objective evidence of the signature and DLE company stamp on
every page of the document, including that page which has the quantum of
liquidated damage both in figures and words printed therein, coupled with a
lack of explanation by DLE on how Ramo could have had possession of DLE’s
company stamp, demonstrates the external inconsistency of Dennis’ testimony.
Further, Dennis’ bald allegation is unsupported as no expert evidence has been
produced by DLE to challenge the authenticity of the original 20 January LOA,
despite DLE’s inspection of the original document at Ramo’s solicitors’
office. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 15; Plaintiff’s Reply at para 16.

79 Moreover, I find Dennis’ testimony to be internally inconsistent with his
testimony that he had also objected to cl 14 as a liquidated damages clause
being included in the January LOA in principle. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 49.

Dennis had been allegedly assured that he should “leave the items that meant
something to him blank”, which he had testified to be the price and the
liquidated damages clause. He also understood that such a document “without
value, without dates, without the [liquidated damages amount]” would not to be
a binding document in his experience. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 32.

In fact, Dennis further took the position that since the dates for the
programme schedule were absent, the liquidated damages clause is not
important. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 68.

Given that the liquidated damages clause had its quantum left blank and was
not important to Dennis, and the document was not binding between parties, it
is illogical and inherently inconsistent for Dennis to have raised objections
to cl 14 being imposed in principle in the 20 January LOA.

80 This is in contrast with Sri’s testimony, which I believe. Sri testified
that before Dennis signed the 20 January LOA, Sri had personally typed the
words and the figures for RM10,750.00 before printing out the document for
Dennis’ signature. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at pp 115–116.

Further, Sri explained how Ramo had quantified the quantum of RM10,750 for
liquidated damages under cl 14. Parties had been negotiating on a price of the
unit rate of US$1,000/mt. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 112.

The estimated quantity of structural steel supplied is set out in the Schedule
of Works of the 20 January LOA at 1,295mt. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 25.

As such, Sri calculated the contract value to be approximately US$1.295m,
which translates to approximately RM5.18m (based on the exchange rate in
2016). 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 113.

Ramo applied the rate of 0.2075% (as testified by Sri in the approximate range
of 0.2% to 0.25%) 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 113.

of the total contract value to arrive at the quantum of liquidated damages per
day for any delay (ie, RM10,750). The range of 0.2% to 0.25% imposed by Ramo
in the Petronas Rapid Project is consistent with the liquidated damages clause
imposed in the Keppel Project of S$1,000 per day for a contract value of
S$435,000 (ie, at 0.23%). 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PBOD at p 34.

In fact, Dennis had agreed that the rate imposed under cl 14 for the Petronas
Rapid Project is proportionate to the rate DLE had previously agreed to in the
Keppel Project. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 83.

Dennis also conceded that it would be reasonable for Ramo to issue a contract
with DLE with a clause of liquidated damages in order to protect Ramo from any
delay or loss that may arise, should DLE fail to supply the steel in a timely
manner. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 77.

81 For the above reasons, I find Dennis’ allegation of Ramo’s Forgery to be
unfounded. Dennis’ testimony is both internally and externally inconsistent,
which demonstrates his lack of credibility: Ng Chee Chuan v Ng Ai Tee [2009] 2
SLR(R) 918 at [14]. Dennis blatantly lied on the stand by accusing Ramo of
fraudulently inserting words on a signed document in the face of objective
documentation to the contrary. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 57.

The fact that Dennis fabricated a serious allegation of forgery by Ramo for
the sheer purpose of supporting his case clearly militates against his
credibility, which will be taken into account in other issues addressed in
this judgment. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 57.

As such, I reject Dennis’ testimony that the quantum of the liquidated damages
was left blank when Dennis signed the 20 January LOA. I accept the version of
20 January LOA produced in the agreed bundle of documents, where cl 14 of the
20 January LOA states the quantum of liquidated damages amounting to RM10,750
a day. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 20.

Punj Lloyd Purpose

82 I now turn to address DLE’s main argument, which is that the sole purpose
of the signed 20 January LOA was to convince PRPC/Punj Lloyd that Ramo had
formally engaged DLE for the project (ie, the Punj Lloyd Purpose) and
therefore the said letter of award was not intended to be binding. I reject
DLE’s argument and now explain my reasoning.

83 The fact that Guna had to show Punj Lloyd a document to assure Punj Lloyd
that Ramo had secured a subcontractor is an undisputed fact. Most crucially,
having to show Punj Lloyd an already binding document (ie, the signed 20
January LOA subject to finalisation of price) does not subsequently make that
document non-binding between the parties signing the document. I accept that
there were two concurrent reasons for the parties’ signing of the 20 January
LOA: (a) to have an agreed scope of works subject to the finalisation of
price; and (b) to show Punj Lloyd that Ramo had reached this stage of the
agreement with its subcontractor. The fact that the 20 January LOA was signed
for the Punj Lloyd Purpose is not mutually exclusive from the parties’
intention to agree first on the scope of works as set out in the 20 January
LOA before proceeding to agree on the price based on that agreed scope of
works.

84 DLE’s case operates on an erroneous assumption that signing a binding
document, subject to the finalisation of price, to evidence a Ramo-DLE
relationship to Punj Lloyd would render the document non-binding, despite the
express wording of its binding nature in its preamble. DLE is also implying
that the parties had agreed to jointly misrepresent to Punj Lloyd that the
signed 20 January LOA, which had all the appearances of a binding document
(subject to the finalisation of price), was in fact not binding because the
parties had a separate secret oral agreement, unknown to Punj Lloyd, that the
signed document was never meant to be binding.

85 I am unconvinced that the parties would have agreed to such a joint
misrepresentation. There has to be a level of accountability to Punj Lloyd
when Ramo submits a signed letter of award to evidence its contractor-
subcontractor relationship. To my mind, it is implausible that Punj Lloyd
would have been satisfied with being assured with a non-binding document or a
document that was purely for show, as Dennis alleges. Punj Lloyd, as the main
contractor, would want to be assured with a binding document that evidences
certain terms the parties had agreed to, subject to the finalisation of price.
After all, the objective of the Punj Lloyd Purpose is to evidence that a
subcontractor had been “formally engaged” for the Petronas Rapid Project, 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

D&CC at para 3A(a).

which cannot be done simply with a non-binding document. As Sri rightly notes,
Ramo could not possibly submit a document ostensibly evidencing its
relationship with DLE to Punj Lloyd without Punj Lloyd asking Ramo to account
for DLE’s progress. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 152.

In fact, Punj Lloyd did send a representative with Guna to inspect and conduct
a site visit of the materials in Vietnam at or about 25–28 February 2016,
after the parties had agreed on the unit price. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 152.

I do not think that Ramo would be so bold as to mislead Punj Lloyd, its main
contractor, with a signed document that in reality was completely non-binding
and not worth the paper it was written on.

86 Dennis once again makes an allegation which imputes dishonesty to Guna that
Ramo was knowingly sending to Punj Lloyd a document that objectively purports
to be binding with express words, when in fact between the parties, it had
allegedly been agreed not to be binding in any event. Dennis’ lack of
credibility, which has been evidenced by his allegation of Ramo’s Forgery (see
above at [81]), is once again exposed by his unfounded allegations of
impropriety on the part of Ramo, simply to support DLE’s case.

87 For the above reasons, I do not believe the parties had entered into a
separate oral agreement that the signed 20 January LOA was never to constitute
a part of their agreement even if they did subsequently agree on a price based
on the agreed scope of works set out in the signed letter of award. The
parties’ intention to create legal relations was clearly present on 20 January
2016. The Punj Lloyd Purpose does not itself nullify the effect of the express
wording of the parties’ intention to be bound by the terms of the 20 January
LOA, which was conditional on the finalisation of the price.

Haste in signing

88 DLE further submits that the parties’ “haste” in signing the 20 January
LOA, despite the price not being agreed to and no prior draft having been sent
to Dennis for his vetting, suggests that the 20 January LOA was signed solely
for the Punj Lloyd Purpose. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

DCS at para 36; Defendant’s Reply at para 28.

Given that lack of advance notice of the terms, the comprehensive nature of
the draft and the large value of the contract, DLE avers that such a “haste”
to sign it could only be explained by the Punj Lloyd Purpose. As such, DLE
avers that the 20 January LOA is not intended by parties to be binding.

89 However, the parties had prior discussions on the project before the 20
January LOA was signed. As mentioned above at [20], detailed preliminary
discussions between Guna and Dennis took place prior to the 20 January LOA.
Dennis admitted in his testimony that the parties had discussed: (a) the
construction of the Accommodation Camp; (b) the general size of the project
and the magnitude of the contract (ie, between 800 to 1000 tonnes of steel);
(c) the technical requirements for the Petronas Rapid Project which were
discussed with reference to drawings; (d) Ramo’s budget of slightly over
US$1,000/mt; 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 22.

(e) the material specifications for the structural steel; (f) the urgency of
the project; and (g) the schedule that Ramo had to meet for the Petronas Rapid
Project for Punj Lloyd. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at pp 20–22, 26–29; Transcript 18 July 2019 at pp
40–41.

According to Guna, when the parties were in negotiations during the meeting on
20 January 2016, they were “almost on the final [stage of] contract
negotiation on the pricing”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at p 43.

I believe Guna’s evidence on this point.

90 Further, prior to the Petronas Rapid Project, Ramo and DLE had previously
worked on other projects pertaining to the supply of structural steel,
including the Keppel Project for similar works (see above at [19]). 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at pp 41–42.

The standard terms enclosed in the 20 January LOA were not unfamiliar to DLE,
especially since there were similar terms in the Letter of Award dated 7
September 2015 for the Keppel Project. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

PBOD at pp 30–39.

I reject DLE’s claims that the fact that no prior draft was sent to Dennis and
the “haste” with which the 20 January LOA was signed could only mean that the
20 January LOA was signed solely for the Punj Lloyd Purpose and hence was
never intended to be binding.

Guna’s Alleged Reassurance

91 Dennis also makes the bald allegation that Guna had orally agreed with him
that the document to be signed was “only temporary pending finalisation of the
actual written agreement between the parties”. Even if I accept this
allegation to be true (in spite of Dennis’ lack of credibility), this
allegation does not suggest that the document was to remain temporary and non-
binding even after the price had in fact been finalised based on the scope of
works set out in that document. It does not go so far as to negate the
existence of an incomplete agreement in the form of the 20 January LOA that
was to be subject to the finalisation of price.

92 In contrast, Dennis’ explanation of the definition of “temporary” is
unsatisfactory. To Dennis, this meant that the 20 January LOA had no effect
whatsoever even after an agreement on the price had been reached, and not that
the document was valid pending the parties’ agreement on the price and
followed by the issuance and acceptance of the PO. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 67.

I reject Dennis’ interpretation for the same reasons that I had earlier
rejected Dennis’ claim that the parties agreed to mislead Punj Lloyd with the
20 January LOA, which only the parties themselves knew was never meant to be
binding under any circumstances (see above at [84]–[85]).

93 Further, Dennis gave inconsistent accounts of Guna’s alleged assurances
regarding the nature of the 20 January LOA. In Dennis’ AEIC, he stated that he
was told the document was “temporary pending finalisation of the actual
written agreement between the parties”, 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Dennis’ AEIC at para 41.

but later stated in cross-examination that he had been told not to worry as
“this document is not binding”. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 54.

In any case, Dennis eventually conceded that he could not recall if Guna had
used any of the above exact words, showing further internal inconsistency. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 67.

94 For the above reasons, even taking DLE’s case at its highest, Dennis’ bald
assertion of Guna’s representation of the 20 January LOA being “temporary”
does not support but in fact weakens DLE’s case.

Absence of Price

95 Further, DLE argues that the absence of an agreement on price in the 20
January LOA would be consistent with the notion that parties did not intend to
create legal relations, since DLE “could so easily walk away ... by simply
refusing … to agree on the price”. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

DCS at para 39.

96 If parties had not subsequently agreed on the price, I can accept that
there is no final contract. However, given that parties had, after
negotiations, come to an agreement on price before the 14 February Email, the
agreed scope of works in the 20 January LOA combined with the agreement on
price constitutes a final concluded contract. The absence of initial agreement
on price does not necessarily imply that parties did not intend to contract on
the terms of the 20 January LOA, subject to the finalisation of price. Even in
the absence of terms such as price, it is possible to find that parties had
intended to contract: Law and Practice of Construction Contracts at para
1.052.

97 The terms in the 20 January LOA represent the scope of works and
specifications which the parties had negotiated and eventually agreed to,
subject to the finalisation of the price. The 20 January LOA was discussed
with reference to the architectural drawings in Annex 2 (“the Drawings”),
which define the quantities and dimensions of the structural steel to be
supplied. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

ABD Vol 1 at pp 26–109.

Dennis was also aware of (a) the material specifications of the structural
steel; (b) the technical requirements; (c) Ramo’s budget of slightly over
US$1,000/mt; 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 21.

and (d) the rough delivery schedule before Dennis signed the 20 January LOA.
148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at p 69.

Further, the PO’s description of DLE’s obligations essentially mirrors the
scope of the works stated in cll 1 and 1(e) of the 20 January LOA, and serves
to confirm the finding that the 20 January LOA is binding, subject to the
finalisation of price.

98 It is therefore untrue that parties had no intention to create legal
relations simply because no price had yet been agreed upon. Parties clearly
intended to create legal relations on the basis that a contract based on the
terms and conditions agreed in the 20 January LOA would come into existence
once the parties agreed on the price. The parties agreed to the terms of and
signed the 20 January LOA on the understanding that the price was to be agreed
subsequently based on the agreed scope of works set out in the LOA.

Brevity of the PO and Letters of Credit

99 Moreover, the brevity of the PO and the Letters of Credit lends weight to
the finding that the 20 January LOA is a part of the Contract.

100 DLE’s initial defence is that the PO alone constitutes the Contract. DLE
subsequently changed its position during trial to argue that both the PO and
the Letters of Credit form the Contract (see above at [10]). The PO evidences
the quantity of 312.5mt of steel, for the total amount of US$300,000 at the
price of US$960/mt. I note that this rate of US$960/mt is the key price matrix
agreed between parties during the Oral Price Agreement before 10.34pm on 14
February 2016. According to Sri, this was the only purchase order issued to
DLE, and was done at the bank’s request in order to issue the Letters of
Credit. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 175.

Subsequently, the bank did not ask for further purchase orders and no other
purchase orders were issued. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 175.

The PO, by itself, could not have evidenced the full contract sum of
US$1,274,880 for 1,328mt of fabricated structural steel to be supplied at the
agreed unit price of US$960 per metric tonne: see Letter of Credit Amendment
No. 4 which extends DLE credit for 95% of the total contract sum due to the 5%
retention monies agreement on 16 June 2016 (see below at [108]. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 186.

When confronted with this, DLE’s counsel changed his position at trial that
both the PO and the Letters of Credit form the Contract.

101 Even if I were to accept DLE’s new position at trial (which is obviously
an afterthought) and reading both the PO and the Letters of Credit together to
evidence the Contract, I find that unlike the 20 January LOA which makes
reference to the Drawings in Annex 2, neither the PO nor the Letters of Credit
make any reference to any drawings for the fabrication of the steel
structures. The PO and the Letters of Credit also provide no specifications on
the structural steel to be supplied, such as the design and dimensions of the
various structural steel pieces to be fabricated. On this issue, DLE’s counsel
suggested to Sri at trial that because DLE had received the Tekla model
drawings from Ramo before the PO, DLE would have known exactly “the type of
steels to fabricate and paint”. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 183.

However, as Sri rightly explains, due to the confidential nature of the Tekla
model drawings, they were only issued to DLE “in continuation with [the 20
January LOA]”. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at pp 183–184.

I accept Sri’s explanation. The confidential Tekla model drawings must have
been released to DLE following the parties’ signatures on the 20 January LOA
so that they could proceed to the next stage to finalise the price based on
the scope of works set out in LOA, which has reference to architectural
drawings. DLE is thus given the opportunity to study the drawings and
ascertain the complexity of the fabrication of the structural steel work in
order to determine for itself the appropriate price per metric tonne of the
structural steel work at which it could agree with Ramo to seal the Contract.

102 Further, the quality of the steel is also not specified in the PO and the
Letters of Credit. DLE’s case that the Contract is constituted by only the PO
and the Letters of Credit is unbelievable as the description of DLE’s scope of
work merely states “[supply] and fabrication … delivery of pre engineering
steel structural material to site”. The requirement for SS400 grade of steel
is not specified anywhere. On DLE’s case, this would mean that even scrap
metal of low grade quality supplied at the unit price of US$960/mt could be
covered within the terms of the Contract, if evidenced only by the terms of
the PO and the Letters of Credit without the 20 January LOA. Clearly, the
parties could not have intended this. DLE’s version of what documents
constitute the Contract does not make any sense commercially.

Liquidated Damages Clause (cl 14 of 20 January LOA)

103 DLE further submits that it would be unfathomable for Dennis to agree to
the sum of liquidated damages stated when the delivery schedule had not been
agreed upon in the 20 January LOA. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Defendant’s Reply at para 31.

As such, Dennis signed the 20 January LOA knowing that the clause for the
liquidated damages (cl 14) was not intended to be binding on the parties.

104 However, this argument fails as the delivery schedule had been agreed upon
as part of the scope of works in the 20 January LOA, subject to the
finalisation of price. The delivery schedule is enumerated in broad terms
under cll 1(h) and 9 of the 20 January LOA. Clause 1(h) states that DLE’s
scope of work is “[t]o ensure to abide with main contractor[’s] programme
schedule”. Clause 9 states: 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 19.

DLE [is] to note that the entire work has to be executed in strict accordance
with [Ramo] building programme and/or such other programme and schedule issued
to DLE to enable [Ramo] to complete the Main Contract Works for the handing
over to the Employer by the [C]ontractual Completion Date. [emphasis added]

These terms, while seemingly disadvantageous to DLE, nevertheless spell out a
delivery schedule which is dictated by and in favour of Ramo. This merely
indicates that Ramo was in a stronger negotiating position than DLE and Ramo
could dictate the terms that it wanted. Commercial freedom allows for the
imposition of advantageous terms for the party with a stronger bargaining
power. It is completely up to DLE to accept such onerous terms, which it did
once DLE agreed on the price with Ramo. The existence of a delivery schedule
dictated by Ramo, coupled with the preamble of the 20 January LOA which states
that the document shall constitute a binding agreement between Ramo and DLE on
the terms and conditions therein (including cl 14), puts paid to DLE’s
argument.

105 I reject DLE’s averment that since there were no discussions of the
liquidated damages clause between Guna and Dennis before the 20 January LOA
was signed, it would be indicative that “no one was going to enforce the
liquidated clause anyway”. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 113; DCS at para 51.

This is because DLE had accepted the quantum of RM10,750 per day in cl 14 when
Dennis signed the 20 January LOA, which would form part of the Contract the
moment the parties agreed on the unit price per metric tonne of prefabricated
structural steel for scope of works set out in the 20 January LOA. I have
found that Ramo’s Forgery did not take place and that cl 14 of the original 20
January LOA already stated the quantum of RM10,750 per day for the liquidated
damages clause when Dennis signed the document (see above at [81]).

106 Further, I accept Sri’s explanation that the quantum was based on Ramo’s
standard form contract, which DLE would be familiar with due to their prior
projects together. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 113.

The lack of discussion between the parties on the quantum of liquidated
damages is therefore not probative of the parties’ absence of agreement to cl
14 of the 20 January LOA. As explained above at [80], Sri had prepared the 20
January LOA on Guna’s instructions and had inserted the figure of RM 10,750
per day, a calculation arrived at based on 0.2075% of the total contract value
(within the range of 0.2% to 0.25%). This is consistent with the previous
amount of liquidated damages clause imposed in the Keppel Project, at 0.23% of
the contract price. As such, the rate imposed by Ramo for the liquidated
damages clause would not have been unfamiliar to DLE.

107 Finally, Dennis even admitted that it would be reasonable to include a
liquidated damages clause to protect Ramo from any delay or loss that may
arise should DLE fail to supply the steel in a timely manner. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 77.

For the above reasons, I reject DLE’s averment as regards the parties’ lack of
intention for cl 14 of the 20 January LOA to be binding when Dennis signed the
document.

Retention Monies Clause (cl 16 of 20 January LOA)

108 I now turn to address DLE’s submissions on cl 16 of the 20 January LOA.
Clause 16 on Retention Monies of the 20 January LOA states: 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 20.

16\. Retention money:

• 10% of the Gross Value (excl GST) of each Invoice

• The percentage retention shall be 10% of which 5% will be released upon
practical completion and acceptance of the sub-contract works by Ramo.

• Balance of 5% will be released upon expiry of the Maintenance Period and the
final completion certificate by Ramo.

It is undisputed that Ramo did not withhold any retention monies for the first
six shipments. On 16 June 2016, parties agreed that the retention monies from
the seventh shipment onwards would be 5% on the total value of the structural
steel supplied by DLE. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

SOC at para 13.

109 DLE submits that the failure of Ramo to withhold any retention monies for
the first six shipments and exercise its right under cl 16 for the retention
monies of 10% shows that the 20 January LOA was not binding. DLE argues that
the agreement on 16 June 2016 for retention monies of 5% only arose because of
the disputes in relation to the Shortfall Issue and the Unpainted Steel Issue
from the first six shipments. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

D&CC at para 3A(j).

DLE relies on this to argue that the parties never intended for cl 16 to be
binding. As Sri had testified, this 5% was “security for any failings on the
part of DLE in terms of shortfall and unpainted steel”. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Sri’s AEIC at para 19.

DLE argues that Sri’s testimony supports the proposition that the 5% retention
sum had a different basis (ie, the Shortfall Issue and the Unpainted Steel
Issue) from the 10% retention sum agreed under cl 16.

110 DLE also relies on a Whatsapp message from Guna to Dennis dated 14 May
2016, which states, “How come your girl is asking for 550k LC. I told you on
Monday I shall release on 250k LC as final. The balance (10%) as agreed
earlier to be claimed by invoice, since, there is no retention for this
contract …”, to show that in Guna’s mind, there were no retention sums in the
Contract. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 118.

Guna’s rebuttal to this point at trial was that he had “typed wrongly” and
meant that “there is no retention sums clause in the PO” and that the word
“contract” in his Whatsapp message refers to the “PO”. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at p 111.

111 On the other hand, Ramo submits that the absence of retention monies for
the first six shipments did not mean that the 20 January LOA was not binding
on the parties. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

PCS at para 85.

Ramo’s version of events was that there was an administrative error on Ramo’s
part in omitting to “spell out” the 10% retention sum in the PO and in the
subsequent Letters of Credit, which were issued based on the PO. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

PCS at para 86; Transcript 18 July 2019 at p 90.

Essentially, it was Ramo’s mistake in failing to exercise its right to 10%
retention sums in its first six shipments. According to Guna, DLE was only
entitled to claim for an invoice amounting to only 90% of the contract sum as
per cl 16 of the 20 January LOA. The bank would not reject DLE’s claim if it
had claimed 100% of the contract sum, which DLE did for the first six
shipments. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at p 90.

Thus, DLE allegedly “took advantage” of Ramo’s omission and claimed 100% of
the invoice value. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

PCS at para 86.

By the time Ramo found out about this after reviewing the first invoice, DLE
had already made three to four shipments. According to Ramo, while discussions
were ongoing on the retention monies in May 2016, DLE continued claiming 100%
of their invoice value on further shipments and by 31 May 2016, the sixth
shipment had already departed from Vietnam. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at p 91; ABD Vol 1 at p 118; SOC Annex A at p 25.

112 Thereafter, Sri sent Dennis a letter dated 7 June 2016 expressing Ramo’s
disappointment with the Shortfall Issue and the Unpainted Steel Issue in the
first 6 shipments and proposing a 10% retention sum to be applied to the
entire contract value and not just the remaining shipments: 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

ABD Vol 5 at pp 342–344; Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 123.

…In order to have proper accountability and [guarantee] for both sides for
Shipments based on 1377[mt] after omitting 6 Single Storey Buildings, we are
proposing following Payment Terms for further LC,

1\. 90% of the whole supply value (1377[mt] * 960USD per tonne = USD
1,321,920/-), which is USD 1,189,728/- shall be claimable upon shipping out
total 1377[mt].

2\. Last 10% of the amount USD 132,192/- shall be claimable [through] the LC
upon submission of final acceptance certificate [from Ramo].

Please provide your acceptance for the same within 24 hours, so that we shall
release Further LC immediately …

113 This position is reflected in the Letter of Credit (Amendment No. 3) dated
9 June 2016 which states, “LC to be negotiated to 90PCT of the Contract Value
using Shipping Document. Balance 10PCT of the Contract Value USD132,192.00 to
be negotiated …”. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Guna’s AEIC at p 188.

The Letter of Credit (Amendment No. 3) was not executed as DLE did not agree
to it. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at p 102.

114 According to Guna, Dennis had asked Guna to reduce the 10% retention sums
as DLE was not making much profit, facing delayed shipment by Dai Dung and
having to bear the cost in Malaysia to paint the unpainted materials. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Transcript 18 July 2019 at p 96.

This is consistent with an earlier Whatsapp conversation on 14 May 2016, where
Dennis informed Guna that he was making margins of “[less] than 5%” and
“[could not] afford retentions this way”. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 118.

115 On or around 16 June 2016, parties further agreed that Ramo would hold 5%
retention sum on the total value of structural steel. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

SOC at para 13.

The Letter of Credit (Amendment No. 4) was revised to reflect the 5% retention
sum, noting that the new credit amount was decreased to US$1,211,136.00 for
the total contract value for supply of 1,328mt of structural steel material at
US$912/mt, which was 95% of the original price of US$960/mt. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Guna’s AEIC at p 189.

116 On the balance of probabilities, I find that Ramo made a mistake in
failing to exercise its right to retention monies of 10% under cl 16 of the 20
January LOA. In its letter dated 7 June 2016, Ramo exercised its right under
cl 16 to retain 10% of the “whole supply value”. I find it unlikely that DLE
would agree to negotiate for a lower retention sum of 5% as reflected in the
Letter of Credit (Amendment No. 4) if parties were never bound by cl 16 in the
first place. The parties negotiated down the retention sum from 10% to 5% on
the basis that Ramo was originally entitled to exercise its right under cl 16
for the 10% retention sum. It would be illogical for Dennis to beg Guna to
“reduce” the retention sum to 5% if parties were not ad idem on Ramo’s
original right to invoke cl 16 for the retention sum of 10%. On DLE’s case,
DLE could have simply refused Ramo’s “proposed” new and more onerous payment
terms of 5% retention monies in its letter dated 7 June 2016 if Ramo was not
contractually entitled to 10% retention monies in the first place. As such, I
find that the parties formed the Oral Price Agreement with the intention to be
bound by cl 16 in the 20 January LOA. It is also not uncommon for construction
contracts to incorporate a retention monies clause.

117 Further, DLE is asking the court to use the subsequent conduct of parties
to decide on issues of contract formation. In the recent case of Simpson
Marine (SEA) Pte Ltd v Jiacipto Jiaravanon [2019] 1 SLR 696 (at [78]), the
Court of Appeal cited the view of Goh Yihan, “Towards a Consistent Use of
Subsequent Conduct in Singapore Contract Law” [2017] JBL 387 that where the
court is ascertaining whether a contract has been formed, evidence of
subsequent conduct has traditionally been regarded as admissible and relevant,
although there is some instability in this rule. Notwithstanding the Singapore
cases that have used subsequent conduct to decide on issues of contract
formation, I am careful not to place undue weight on evidence of the parties’
subsequent conduct to ascertain their intentions at the time of contract
formation. In ARS v ART and anor [2015] SGHC 78 at [90], the High Court stated
that:

… given the complex relationships between human beings … conduct can be
explained by a number of reasons which does not have only one explanation or
there may be varying degrees of weight pointing to one conclusion. …

The subsequent conduct of Ramo in failing to exercise its right under cl 16
for the first six shipments cannot point conclusively to DLE’s position that
there was no such right for Ramo to hold any retention sums, leading to the
inference that cl 16 was non-existent and to yet another inference that
overall, the signed 20 January LOA was therefore not meant to be binding on
the parties even after an agreement on price was reached.

118 In light of the evidence that (a) the 20 January LOA was signed, and
expressly stated to be binding on parties; and (b) an Oral Price Agreement was
subsequently concluded between the parties resulting in the formation of a
binding Contract which included all the terms of the 20 January LOA (including
cl 16), I reject DLE’s submission on this point.

Correspondence before 10.34pm on 14 February 2016

119 I now deal with the subsequent question of whether the correspondence
between the parties before 10.34pm on 14 February 2016 (ie the 2 February
Message, 4 February Message, 4 February Email and 12 February Email) altered
the terms of the 20 January LOA.

120 As explained above at [69], the Oral Price Agreement and crystallisation
of the Contract occurred before the email dated 14 February 2016 was sent. The
terms enumerated in the 20 January LOA are binding on parties, pending the
finalisation of the price, which occurred during the Oral Price Agreement.
Without evidence that the parties agreed to amend the terms in the 20 January
LOA before 14 February 2016 at 10.34pm, it must be taken that parties agreed
to the terms evidenced in the 20 January LOA when they made the Oral Price
Agreement. I now turn to analyse the parties’ correspondence before 14
February 2016 at 10.34pm.

121 The 2 February Message by Dennis informed Guna that DLE needed time to
study the costs as the budget provided by Ramo was too low. The 4 February
Email and 4 February Message evidence an offer by Dennis to Guna of US$920/mt
for 1200mt of structural steel of SS400 grade and delivery terms of “CIF to
Malaysia” at US$90/mt, with a delivery period of 6 to 8 weeks. According to
Guna, this was DLE’s initial offer to procure the fabrication and supply of
the steel at a total price of US$1,100/mt on “CIF terms” which only required
DLE to deliver the steel to Pasir Gudang port and not the Site. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 24.

122 According to Guna, this initial offer was negotiated down to US$960/mt,
which comprised US$900/mt for the steel works and US$60/mt for “the costs for
shipment from Vietnam to the Pasir Gudang port, marine insurance, clearing the
shipment through customs (excluding the payment of any duties or taxes which
would be borne by Ramo), and local transport to site”. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 25.

I note that the unit price of US$960/mt corresponds to the unit price
evidenced by the PO, which states that DLE’s obligations involved “delivery of
pre engineering steel structural material to site excluding unloading at site
…”. DLE’s offer on 4 February 2016 was not accepted by Ramo and clearly did
not amend the terms of the 20 January LOA.

123 I now turn to the 12 February Email, which DLE relies on as evidence to
support its case that the obligation for customs clearance did not fall under
its scope of works. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

D&CC at para 33.

In the email, Dennis writes to Sri that:

… Please note that as our agreement, we will fabricate, pack, ship the cargo
CIF to Malaysia & handle the inland transportation to the site (need site
address). Customs clearance & duties are by [Ramo] (as you will be the
consignee & importer).

…

… Unloading on site including container clearance and cleaning up to be
handled by [Ramo].

[emphasis added]

There is a possibility that the Oral Price Agreement could have been made
before the 12 February Email. If so, it would follow that the 12 February
Email might evidence a prior oral agreement between the parties to amend the
terms of the 20 January LOA, in the manner stated in the email. This is
because the words “[p]lease note that as our agreement” were used in the
email, noting that the allocation of the customs clearance and duties were
obligations on Ramo’s part.

124 However, this possibility can be disposed of easily. The express
description of DLE’s obligations under the PO of “… delivery of pre
engineering steel structural material to site excluding unloading at site
under the main contract scope…” [emphasis added]puts paid to the possibility
that the terms of the Oral Price Agreement were reflected in the 12 February
Email. The PO, which both parties accept forms part of the Contract, expressly
enumerates DLE’s obligation to deliver the steel structural material to site.
DLE’s obligation for the delivery of steel structural material from Vietnam to
the Site in Malaysia would necessarily include the customs clearance process
unless specifically excluded, which it was not. This necessarily contradicts
the supposed agreement in the 12 February Email which suggests that the
parties had agreed that customs clearance and duties are to be handled by
Ramo. In fact, the obligation of DLE to “unload on site”, which was specified
in the 12 February Email, was replicated and specifically excluded from DLE’s
scope of work in the PO. If the parties had indeed agreed before the Oral
Price Agreement that customs clearance and duties were Ramo’s to undertake,
there is no reason why the PO should not similarly reflect the exclusion of
DLE’s customs clearance obligations in its scope of work, as the PO did for
DLE’s obligations to “unload on site”. Moreover, Dennis had testified at trial
that he could not agree to “deliver material to site” in cl 1(e) and informed
Guna that DLE did not want to be involved in the delivery of the materials to
site since that would include clearing customs. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at pp 36, 39.

Despite Dennis’ understanding that the words “delivery … materials to site”
would include the obligation to clear customs, DLE signed the PO, ostensibly
entrenching DLE’s obligation to deliver the steel structural material “to
site” (which includes customs clearing).

125 Further, Ramo did not respond to affirm the contents of the 12 February
Email which suggests that Ramo would handle the customs clearance and duties.
The PO clearly reaffirms the parties’ intention for DLE to be responsible for
the customs clearance. Even if I accept DLE’s case that only the PO and the
Letters of Credit form the Contract, the PO by itself indicates that DLE is
still responsible for the customs clearance.

126 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the correspondence between the
parties before 14 February 2016 at 10.34pm (ie, the 2 February Message, 4
February Message, 4 February Email and 12 February Email) did not amend the
terms of the 20 January LOA. As such, the parties agreed to the scope of works
defined in the terms of the 20 January LOA when they made the Oral Price
Agreement.

Correspondence from 14 February 2016 onwards

127 The parties’ email correspondence from 14 February 2016 onwards (see above
at [42]–[56]) also does not evidence any agreement to vary the terms of the 20
January LOA. Further, as the parties did not signify their agreement by
signing the 14 February Draft and 15 February Draft, the drafts do not vary
the agreed terms enumerated in the 20 January LOA. The 14 February Draft and
15 February Draft could at best only be evidence of unsuccessful negotiations
between the parties to amend the 20 January LOA terms on the issue of customs
clearance.

128 Moreover, Dennis’ Whatsapp message to Guna on 11 March 2016, promising
that “… as my commitment to you, I'll support to coordinate and clear the
customs to site [emphasis added]” if Ramo issued the letter of credit on CIF
terms (in substance), also supports the parties’ agreement evidenced in the PO
that DLE would be responsible for customs clearance. Ultimately, the parties’
decision on the customs clearance issue was spelt out as DLE’s obligation
under the description in the PO, “delivery … to site” without an express
exclusion of the customs clearance obligation.

Customs Clearance Obligation (cl 1(e) of 20 January LOA and PO)

129 I now turn to whether DLE is contractually responsible for the customs
clearance process under the Contract.

130 As discussed above, DLE is clearly bound by cl 1(e) of the 20 January LOA
and the PO (see above at [22]) to undertake customs clearance and duties, as
DLE’s scope of work is described as “delivery of [pre-engineering] steel
structural material to site”. The parties’ agreement on the customs clearance
issue was also spelt out as DLE’s obligation under the description in the PO,
“delivery … to site” without an express exclusion of the customs clearance
obligation. I find no reason why the customs clearance process should be
excluded from DLE’s responsibility.

131 Moreover, Dennis had signed the PO with his own understanding of the words
“deliver … to site” would include the customs clearance obligation. As
mentioned earlier, Dennis had testified at trial that he could not agree to
“deliver material to site” in cl 1(e) and informed Guna that DLE did not want
to be involved in the delivery of the materials to site since that would
include clearing customs. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at pp 36, 39.

Despite Dennis’ own understanding, DLE proceeded to sign the PO which
describes DLE’s scope of work with the words “deliver … to site”. The
incontrovertible inference to be drawn is that Dennis understood that DLE had
the obligation to clear customs under the terms of the PO.

132 I also found no further variations to the Contract as regards the customs
clearance obligations and the parties’ correspondence from 14 February 2016
onwards (see above at [42]–[56]) did not evidence any agreement to vary the
terms of the 20 January LOA. The 14 February Draft and 15 February Draft were
also not signed and did not amend the 20 January LOA terms on the customs
clearance issue.

133 Further, Dennis’ Whatsapp message to Guna on 11 March 2016 confirms this,
stating that “… as my commitment to you, I'll support to coordinate and clear
the customs to site” [emphasis added]. This corroborates the parties’
agreement evidenced in the PO that DLE would be responsible for customs
clearance and a positive affirmation of DLE’s commitment to “clear the customs
to site”.

Appointment of Gateway and JPL

134 On the other hand, DLE argues that Gateway, who had sub-contracted the
customs clearance process to JPL, was appointed by Ramo. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

DCS at para 116.

As such, DLE submits that it is not contractually responsible to carry out the
customs clearance process. However, this argument must be rejected in light of
the documentary evidence militating in favour of the fact that DLE had engaged
Gateway to do both transportation and customs clearance work as a forwarder
and haulier agent, and Gateway had sub-contracted JPL as its customs clearance
agent.

135 First, a letter from Gateway to Ramo dated 20 June 2017 states clearly
that Gateway was “the appointed haulier agent for [DLE]” and that Gateway had
introduced JPL to DLE to “carry out the necessary paper works application with
Petronas as well as to custom clear all containers arriving to Pasir Gudang
Port…”. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

ABD Vol 9 at p 174.

Second, DLE sent an email dated 4 March 2016 at 2.51pm to Gateway, enquiring
on “their best rates for Customs Clearance and Trucking Charges in Malaysia”.
184

##### Foot Note 184

×

PBD at p 51.

Mr Suresh Ephraim (“Suresh”), an employee from Gateway replied at 3.21pm on 4
March 2016 that Gateway had “no problem to facilitate the custom clearance in
[P]asir [G]udang and arrange [delivery] to Rapid site”. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

PBD at pp 50–51.

This shows that DLE had made queries to Gateway on its customs clearance
services. Third, DLE had emailed Gateway on 7 March 2016, giving information
on the Harmonised System Code required for the Petronas Rapid Project for
“Customs Clearance purpose”. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

PBD at p 48.

Fourth, on 24 March 2016, Mr Guna requested for a meeting between DLE, Ramo
and Gateway, noting that “[t]he persons to attend are: Mr. Dennis and his
person handling the import, Mr. Suresh, the clearing agency of Mr. Suresh and
Ramo’s representatives”. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

PBD at p 40.

It is evident that Suresh was appointed by Dennis, and the clearing agency was
appointed by Suresh (employee of Gateway). Fifth, an email dated 11 August
2016 from Gateway to DLE states that “[s]ince JPL are your agents for
clearance therefore they only have the account with johor port and this
charges will be automatically billed to them and pass on over to [DLE] via
Gateway”. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence in Chief Vol 1 (“1 PBAEIC”) at p
281.

136 I now turn to address DLE’s arguments that it did not appoint Gateway, and
hence JPL, for customs clearance. First, Dennis testifies that “in [DLE’s]
bills of payment to Gateway, there was no payment for work that JPL [was]
doing”. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 160.

Dennis goes on to testify that the person that is responsible for the custom
clearance would have paid. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 160.

As such, the lack of proof of payment to JPL would indicate that DLE was not
responsible for customs clearance. However, this is squarely contradicted by
Dennis’ Whatsapp message to Guna on 5 July 2016, stating that “JPL side I
issue payment to them already. Just spoke to suresh this morning”. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 144.

Further, on 4 July 2016 at 4.44pm, JPL rejected Ramo’s request for information
on when shipping documents were submitted to CIDB and CIDB gave its approval
for custom clearance, stating “I regret that we are unable to furnish you
these details simply for the fact that Ramo is not our paymaster”. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 30.

The objective evidence indicates that DLE, not Ramo, paid the customs
clearance agent, JPL.

137 Further, in support of its contention that Gateway was appointed by Ramo
and not DLE, DLE relies on an email dated 7 March 2016 that Suresh had sent to
representatives of DLE and Gateway, which states that “Gateway Shipping has
been appointed by Ramo Industries as their Clearance agent in Malaysia,
approved by Customs already however we have not obtained import licence from
Ramo Industries pertaining to this importation”. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence in Chief (“DBAEIC”) at p 177.

138 However, I find this email unhelpful for the following reasons. First, I
note that Ramo was not copied in this email, which was only forwarded to Ramo
by Dennis on 17 August 2016 some five months later. Second, I accept Sri’s
explanation that Gateway had previously undertaken customs clearance work for
Ramo for other imports, such as furniture, wall panels and sanitary features,
but not for structural steel. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 204.

This was clarified by Guna’s reply to Gateway in an email dated 18 August
2016, stating that with regard to structural steel imports, Ramo had never
given any confirmation to Gateway and had only introduced Gateway to DLE. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

ABD Vol 8 at p 50; Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 207.

Thereafter, Gateway sent an email at 3.25pm on 18 August 2016 to Ramo and DLE,
clarifying that “[Gateway was] introduced to DLE to handle all transportation
and customs clearance formalities for this rapid project via [Ramo]”. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 207; ABD Vol 8 at p 48.

Most crucially, Dennis’ own testimony at trial confirmed the fact that Gateway
was introduced to DLE by Ramo to handle inland transportation and the customs
clearance. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 206.

This puts paid to DLE’s argument that Ramo, not DLE, appointed Gateway and JPL
for the customs clearance purposes.

139 On the balance of probabilities, I find that DLE had engaged Gateway to do
both transportation and customs clearance work as a forwarder and haulier
agent, and Gateway had appointed JPL as its customs clearance agent. On the
other hand, Ramo had merely introduced Gateway to DLE in order to handle
transportation and customs clearance work.

140 For the above reasons, I find that under the Contract, DLE is
contractually responsible for customs clearance process under the Contract.

Conclusion

141 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the Contract is constituted by the
20 January LOA, the Oral Price Agreement and the PO, with the Letters of
Credit being undisputed to be a further part of their agreement. On the
Contract Issue, I so hold that the terms of the 20 January LOA are binding on
the parties. DLE is bound by the obligations flowing from and evidenced in
writing by the 20 January LOA, the PO and the Letters of Credit.

142 More specifically, DLE is bound by cl 1(e) of the 20 January LOA and the
PO (see above at [22]) to undertake customs clearance and duties; the
liquidated damages clause under cl 14 of the 20 January LOA (see above at
[23]); and the retention monies clause under cl 16 of the 20 January LOA (see
above at [24]). Having dealt with the Contract Issue, I now turn to analyse
the respective parties’ claim and counterclaim under the Liability Issue.

The Liability Issue

Bifurcation of Trial: Quantum of Liability or Damages

143 In January 2019, by consent of both parties, I ordered bifurcation of the
trial into two phases pursuant to Summons No 345 of 2019 (“Summons 345”): (a)
the Liability Phase and (b) the Assessment of Damages Phase. Under Summons
345, I determined that in the present tranche (ie, the Liability Phase), the
issues of the existence, scope and extent of each head of liability will be
dealt with, while I will deal with issues of the quantum of damages under each
head of liability in the Assessment of Damages Phase.

144 Before I deal with the substance of the Liability Issue, I first address
the parties’ dispute over what constitutes an issue of liability to be decided
on in the present judgment, and what constitutes an issue of damages to be
decided on in the Assessment of Damages Phase (for the Shortfall Issue and the
Unpainted Steel Issue).

145 Ramo submits that the present tranche in the Liability Phase necessitates
the court’s determination of the following: (a) the extent of the shortfall in
quantities of the structural steel delivered under the Contract, in relation
to the Shortfall Issue; and (b) the extent to which DLE is in breach of the
Contract for delivering unpainted structural steel, in relation to the
Unpainted Steel Issue.

146 On the other hand, DLE makes the submission that the court should only
decide in the present tranche, (a) whether DLE is liable for the shortfall in
quantities of the structural steel delivered under the Contract in relation to
the Shortfall Issue; and (b) whether DLE is in breach of the Contract for
delivering unpainted structural steel in relation to the Unpainted Steel
Issue. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

HC/SUM 345/2019 at paras 1(f) and 1(g); DCS at paras 1–8.

DLE bases its argument on the manner in which the issues were worded in
Summons 345 for the Shortfall Issue and Unpainted Steel Issue:

(a) whether [DLE] is liable for the shortfall in quantities of the structural
steel delivered under the Contract; and

(b) whether [DLE] is in breach of the Contract for delivering unpainted
structural steel.

147 On this issue, I am inclined to agree with Ramo. The underlying objective
of bifurcation orders is for the saving of the court’s time. It would be
against the underlying objective for this court to only decide in the
Liability Phase if DLE is liable for the shortfall in quantities of structural
steel delivered and in breach of delivering the unpainted structural steel, in
order to strictly follow the wording of Summons 345. In order to prove or
disprove that DLE is liable for the shortfall in quantities of the structural
steel and delivery of the unpainted structural steel, the parties would have
adduced evidence on the extent of the shortfall of steel and the amount of
unpainted structural steel delivered. This is especially so since DLE has
already admitted to a shortfall in quantities of structural steel material
delivered and admits that DLE did deliver some unpainted steel, but disputes
the extent of the shortfall of steel and the quantity of unpainted steel
delivered. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

DCS at paras 3 and 7.

148 I also note that in Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and another and
another appeal [2009] 3 SLR(R) 452 at [81], the Court of Appeal emphasised
that a bifurcation is only a procedural order that is not binding on a trial
judge and in the interests of justice, the trial judge can modify or set aside
the bifurcation order if necessary. The strict wording of the bifurcation
order is clearly not binding.

149 For the above reasons, I will address the issues on the extent of
liability in the Liability Phase (ie the extent of the shortfall of structural
steel material and the quantity of unpainted structural steel delivered), but
not questions of the quantum of damages arising from that extent of shortfall
of structural steel material and unpainted structural steel delivered, which
will be deferred to the Assessment of Damages Phase.

Ramo’s Claim

The Shortfall Issue

150 I first turn to the Shortfall Issue, which concerns DLE’s failure to
supply the requisite quantities of the structural steel and its liability for
over-claiming under the Letters of Credit. The extent of shortfall of
structural steel material delivered will be decided in this tranche of the
hearing, the Liability Phase.

151 It is undisputed that DLE had failed to deliver some quantities of
structural steel to Ramo, 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

D&CC at para 15.

but the quantum of that shortfall is in dispute. Parties are also in agreement
that DLE had claimed for and received payment from Ramo for 1,293.21mt of
structural steel through the Letters of Credit. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

D&CC at para 15; PCS at para 131.

The basis of Ramo’s claim in the Shortfall Issue is the excess steel that DLE
is liable for over-claiming on the Letters of Credit, being the amount of
structural steel claimed to have been delivered in the invoices (ie,
1,293.21mt) over the actual quantity of steel that DLE had supplied (which is
lesser than 1,293.21mt of structural steel). Ramo’s case is that the excess
payment received by DLE should be returned to Ramo. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

PCS at para 171.

The crux of the parties’ disagreement lies in the total quantity of structural
steel material that was supposed to have been supplied by DLE for which DLE
had claimed for and received payment from Ramo, and the quantity of structural
steel material actually supplied.

152 Francis, who was stationed in Malaysia at the Site, would oversee the
opening and unloading of the containers containing the structural steel which
was delivered by DLE. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Francis’ AEIC at para 14.

Francis and his team would first use the packing list provided by DLE to check
whether all the materials stated in the packing list for each container had
been supplied. In the event of any shortfall in the quantities of the
structural steel supplied, Francis and his team would note this down. The
packing lists received from Ramo would state the quantity of the goods
supplied by the number of steel members and weight. By comparing the
information DLE stated in its packing lists against Ramo’s calculation of the
weight of the steel members based on the Tekla model, Francis would derive the
shortfall in the quantities of the structural steel supplied by DLE. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Francis’ AEIC at para 20–21, p 320.

153 As it was established at trial that both parties did not physically weigh
the steel actually supplied by DLE, 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at p 99.

the parties agreed to adopt a “joint calculation” methodology proposed by this
court to calculate the shortfall of steel supplied based on drawings from the
Tekla model and theoretical calculations to estimate the weight of the steel,
since the quantity of structural steel purchased from Intanco Engineering Sdn
Bhd (“Intanco”) is undisputed. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at pp 127–128, 134, 135.

The quantities submitted by parties at trial is reflected in the following
table:

| Ramo (mt)| DLE (mt)| Average (mt)  
---|---|---|---  
(1) Total quantity of structural steel to be supplied| 1,291.85| 1,280.00|
1,285.93  
(2) Quantity of structural steel purchased from third party 207

##### Foot Note 207

× 4 PBAEIC at p 338. to make up the shortfall| 27.24  
(3) Actual quantity of structural steel supplied (ie, (1) minus (2))|
1,264.61| 1,252.76| 1,258.69  
(4) Quantity of structural steel that DLE claimed for 208

##### Foot Note 208

× D&CC at para 15; PCS at para 131. | 1,293.21  
(5) Overclaim by DLE (ie, (4) minus (3))| 28.60| 40.45| 34.52  
  
154 The joint calculation methodology is as follows. First, based on the
packing list of items provided by Francis, the parties each submitted the
total quantity of structural steel to be supplied by DLE based on their
calculations generated from running the Tekla software using the Drawings
attached in Annex 2 of the 20 January LOA. Ramo calculated that the amount was
1,291.85mt, while DLE calculated that the amount was 1,280mt, 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at p 135.

with Dennis admitting that DLE’s figures were “very close” to Ramo’s figures.
210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at p 133.

As such, the total quantity of structural steel to be supplied is 1285.93mt
(ie, average of 1,291.85mt and 1,280mt).

155 Second, Ramo purchased 27.24mt of structural steel from a third party,
Intanco, in order to compensate for the shortfall of steel supplied for Labour
Block 3 and Supervisor Block 3 of the Petronas Rapid Project. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Sri’s AEIC at pp 338–340.

This figure is not disputed by parties.

156 Third, the actual quantity of structural steel that was supplied would be
the difference in the total quantity of structural steel to be supplied and
the quantity of structural steel purchased from the third party (ie, 27.24mt),
giving an average of 1,258.69mt.

157 Fourth, the quantity of structural steel that DLE claimed for is agreed
upon at 1,293.21mt.

158 Finally, the over-claim by DLE would be the difference between the average
actual quantity of structural steel supplied and the quantity of structural
steel that DLE claimed for. The average over-claim by DLE is thus 34.52mt.

159 Parties agreed that it would be more cost efficient to take the average of
the resultant figure of the over-claim by DLE (ie, 28.60mt for Ramo and
40.45mt for DLE) than to dispute in court over the minor difference in
quantities of structural steel. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at pp 135–136.

However, in a letter dated 6 August 2019, DLE submitted an amended amount of
structural steel supplied from 1,252.76mt to 1,255.41mt without justifying the
reasons for the amended shortfall and without utilising the “joint
calculation” method. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

DLE’s Letter dated 6 August 2019 at pp 24–25.

In its letter, DLE provided no explanation in its submissions on the reasons
for the amended amount and no supporting documents supporting the amendment.
For these reasons, I reject DLE’s amended figure.

160 Therefore for the Shortfall Issue, I find that DLE is liable for an over-
claim of 34.52mt of structural steel material. The quantum of damages owed to
Ramo will be dealt with in the Assessment of Damages Phase.

The Unpainted Steel Issue

161 I next turn to the Unpainted Steel Issue. It is undisputed that DLE has
admitted liability for delivering some unpainted structural steel and the real
issue in contention is the actual quantity of structural steel that was
delivered unpainted.

162 DLE supplied some structural steel that did not have the finishing layer
of Nippon Misty Grey paint coating, which resulted in the structural steel
beams being brown in colour, instead of grey. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Francis’ AEIC at para 23.

In its pleadings and closing submissions, Ramo submits that DLE is liable for
supplying 439.17mt of unpainted structural steel. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

PCS at para 135.

However, based on the site claim reports prepared by Ramo that detailed (a)
the shipment number; (b) the building; (c) the part number; and (d) the
photographs of the unpainted materials for some of the shipments, the total
amount of unpainted structural steel amounted only to 421.41mt, with the
calculations as follows: 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

7 PBAEIC at pp 249–282.

Date of Shipment| Shipment number| Quantities of Unpainted Steel (mt)  
---|---|---  
17/04/16| 1| 48.046  
24/04/16| 2| 30.027  
01/05/16| 3| 93.681  
26/06/16| 7| 81.521  
29/06/16| 8| 32.177  
03/07/16| 9| 77.393  
05/07/16| 10| 58.564  
| Total| 421.41  
  
163 Dennis accepted at trial that the figures of Ramo’s site claim reports of
the quantities of unpainted structural steel delivered represent the
quantities of unpainted materials. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at p 91.

Dennis also testified that DLE was not in a position to confirm or provide
another way to ascertain and confirm the quantities of the unpainted
structural steel provided by Ramo’s site reports. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at p 90.

164 In the absence of contradictory evidence from DLE, I find that on a
balance of probabilities, the site reports prepared by Ramo prove that DLE
supplied 421.41mt of unpainted structural steel, which resulted in Ramo
incurring third-party costs for the painting works, internal manpower and
logistics costs. The unpainted structural steel delivered has also resulted in
demurrage charges incurred by Ramo, which will be dealt with below at [190].
The issue of “legitimacy and reasonableness” of third-party costs that Ramo
claims for the painting works, the internal manpower and logistics costs
incurred will be dealt with at the Assessment of Damages Phase. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

DCS at para 24(b), 25.

The Improper Fabrication Issue

165 Under the Improper Fabrication Issue, Ramo claims for damages as a result
of the following:

(a) DLE’s failure to fabricate the structural steel material in accordance
with the Drawings (Invoice No. 2289/16); and

(b) DLE’s failure to supply sag rods and turnbuckles (Invoice No. 2291/16).

In the present Liability Phase, I will assess the extent to which DLE had
failed to fabricate the structural steel in accordance with the Drawings, and
DLE’s failure to supply sag rods and turnbuckles. Parties accept that all
costs in relation to whether the costs incurred to rectify the fabrication
errors were reasonable (eg, number of man hours incurred and the
reasonableness of the repair method) are to be reserved for the Assessment of
Damages Phase. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Transcript 16 July 2019 at pp 142–143; Defendant’s Reply at para 70; PCS at
para 150.

Invoice No. 2289/16: Fabrication Errors

166 Before I turn to analyse each category of fabrication error alleged by
Ramo under Invoice No. 2289/16, I begin with some preliminary observations.

167 DLE concedes that there are some fabrication defects with the structural
steel supplied. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Transcript 16 July 2019 at pp 119–120.

Ramo provides an invoice detailing the types of fabrication errors compiled by
Francis (Invoice No. 2289/16), claiming $99,491.78 for the costs of rectifying
and modifying the structural steel supplied. The invoice encloses illustrative
photographs of each type of error in fabrication, where Ramo marks out the
issues with the fabrication of the structural steel and rectification works
required. The Invoice No. 2289/16 and the accompanying photographs were sent
to DLE on 12 October 2016 at 3.52pm. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

ABD Vol 8 at pp 244-245.

168 On the other hand, DLE provides no helpful evidence to contradict Invoice
No. 2289/216. As per Ramo’s request, DLE sent two personnel from Dai Dung to
the Site in Malaysia for inspection of the missing items and the modification
works in August 2016. However, the two personnel were only present on site for
30 minutes, according to Francis. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at pp 32–33.

Having looked at the report produced by the Dai Dung personnel, I found the
report inconclusive and unhelpful in verifying the accuracy of the errors of
fabrication of the structural steel stated in the Invoice No.2289/16. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

DLE’s letter dated 6 August 2019, pp 5–6.

169 Instead, DLE takes issue with Ramo’s proof of the fabrication errors due
to their “lack of specificity” and Ramo’s failure to correlate the alleged
defects to the drawings for the steel structures that were to be fabricated.
225

##### Foot Note 225

×

DCS at para 135.

In that respect, I have taken DLE’s argument into consideration, when
appropriate, in my decision.

170 Additionally, DLE took issue with the fact that Ramo did not provide
photographs of every single fabrication defect. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

DCS at para 137; Transcript 17 July 2019 at p 63; DCS at para 142(c).

However, I note that it is not strictly necessary for Ramo to measure and
provide photographs of every single defect. To require Ramo to do so would
result in an unreasonably onerous burden of proof. In Millenia Pte Ltd
(formerly known as Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd) v Dragages Singapore Pte Ltd
(formerly known as Dragages et Travaux Publics (Singapore) Pte Ltd) and others
(Arup Singapore Pte Ltd, third party) [2019] 4 SLR 1075 at [298], the High
Court accepted evidence of a witness’ testimony on the number of oversized pin
holes in the panels, who had measured pin holes on 81 out of 240 panels and
extrapolated from the sample. Such a pragmatic approach will similarly be
adopted in the present case.

171 With that in mind, I turn to analyse the various categories of alleged
fabrication errors detailed in Invoice No. 2289/16. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

7 PBAEIC at p 284.

Column Girder Beam New Hole Drilling Work

172 For the Column Girder Beam New Hole Drilling Work category, Ramo asserts
that 324 holes on the girder beams supplied by DLE had been drilled in the
wrong place, resulting in slanted beams when they were installed. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

PCS at para 145.

According to Francis, the 324 holes had been drilled at the wrong place and
had to be re-drilled (18 holes per column for 18 columns). 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at pp 7–9; PBD 19.

Ramo provided a photograph of a slanted horizontal girder beam when the girder
beam bolt holes were used, demonstrating that the girder beam hole was drilled
in the wrong place. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

7 PBAEIC at p 291.

Ramo also provided the locations where the columns had new holes drilled,
according to the Drawings. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

PBD at p 19.

As a result, Ramo had to conduct modification works to ensure that the
horizontal girder beams were straight instead of slanted.

173 With Francis’ testimony, the invoice, an illustrative photograph of a
slanted horizontal girder beam as a result of the mismatched location of the
bolt holes and the absence of contradictory evidence from DLE, I accept Ramo’s
evidence on a balance of probabilities that DLE is liable for the wrongly
drilled 324 holes.

Staircase Stringer Modification Work

174 For the Staircase Stringer Modification Work, Ramo submits that the
stringer beams supplied by DLE for the staircase were too short and
misaligned, 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Transcript 16 July 2019 at pp 149–150.

with 60 stringers out of 84 stringers that were faulty and required
modification as they were out of alignment. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at pp 72, 74.

Francis provided photographs of the staircase modification work that
demonstrated the mismatching dimensions of the stringers and the misalignment.
234

##### Foot Note 234

×

7 PBAEIC at p 292.

It is in evidence that DLE managed to supply 24 stringers out of the 84
stringers which were functional and manufactured in accordance with the
Drawings. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at p 75.

There were also no problems with the stringers supplied by another third party
contractor, who was similarly provided the same specifications as in the
Drawings. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at p 75.

As such, I reject DLE’s allegation that the Drawings must have been wrong.
There is no evidence adduced by DLE to show that the Drawings themselves were
wrong. To my mind, it is more likely than not that the Drawings provided by
Ramo were accurate. If it had been the case that Ramo was claiming that all 84
stringers were faulty, it would have been plausible that the Drawings provided
by Ramo had the wrong specifications and DLE had manufactured all 84 stringers
in accordance with inaccurate Drawings which resulted in the misalignment for
all the stringers. However, this is not the case. There were fabrication
errors in some of the stringers, and not all of the stringers. Hence, I find
it far more likely that it was DLE’s poor quality control and manufacturing
(rather than inaccurate Drawings) which resulted in the faulty 60 stringers
out of 84 stringers manufactured. DLE is thus liable for the faulty 60
stringers.

Tie Beam and Girder Hole Drilling Work

175 Under this category of fabrication errors, there were some holes that were
too small and had to be enlarged, while there were some additional holes that
were in the wrong place and had to be drilled for the tie beams and girders.
237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at pp 58, 84.

It is in evidence that some of the holes were, however, accurately drilled.
238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at p 86.

In total, Ramo claims that 2106 holes were too small or were in the wrong
place for the blocks. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at pp 83–86; PBD at p 23; 7 PBAEIC at pp 291, 297–300.

Holes of 18mm should have been drilled, 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at p 59.

based on the requirements of a hole size for M 16 bolts that were specified in
the Drawings. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

DB at p 11; PBD at pp 23–24.

However, the photographs attached to the invoice show that the measurements of
the holes drilled were only 16mm in diameter, when it should have been 18mm.
242

##### Foot Note 242

×

7 PBAEIC at p 298.

Again, I reject DLE’s argument that Ramo was required to take photographs of
and measure every single hole that was allegedly wrongly drilled. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

DCS at para 142(c).

Based on the evidence before me, I find that DLE is liable for the fabrication
errors in relation to the 2106 holes.

Staircase Tie Beam Modification Work

176 The fabrication errors for the Staircase Tie Beam Modification Work are
similar to defects in the tie beam and girder: there were holes that were too
small that had to be enlarged, and new holes that were required to be drilled
due to their wrong placement. In total, there were 288 holes that were
defective, and photographs of the locations of some of the holes that had to
be drilled were taken. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at p 87.

Based on the evidence before me, I also find DLE liable for the fabrication
errors in relation to the 288 holes on a balance of probabilities.

Column Height Modification Work

177 There were fabrication errors with two columns out of over 300 columns
supplied by DLE that required column height modification works. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at pp 87–88.

The length of the two defective columns were too long for the first column and
too short for the second column. Both columns had to be modified to the
correct length. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at p 88.

Photographs of defective column heights were also adduced. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

7 PBAEIC at p 294.

Based on the evidence, I find DLE liable for the fabrication errors for these
two columns.

Connecting Beam Modification Work

178 Under this category of defects, the beam lengths for 12 connecting beams
supplied by DLE were too short and “could not [be] attach[ed] to the weight”.
248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at p 88.

The beam lengths for the 12 beams were shorter than what was specified by 30
to 40mm. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at p 89.

A photograph was provided to evidence the gap that resulted. With the gap, the
connecting beam could not be attached to the weight due to the wrong length of
the connecting beam. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

7 PBAEIC at p 290.

Ramo had to weld an extension piece to each beam before the beams could be
bolted. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at p 89.

On a balance of probabilities, I find that DLE is liable for the modification
work required for the 12 short beams.

Column Base Plate Additional Hole Drilling Work

179 Ramo claims that there were 156 holes which were in the wrong place for
the column base plates. However, upon comparing the position of the holes
drilled after modification works had been carried out in the photographs
provided with the positions of the holes specified by Ramo in Drawings, I find
that the position of the top two holes in the photograph and the Drawings do
not match. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

PB at p 19.

It is evident that the defect arose from the specifications in the Drawings,
and not DLE’s manufacturing.

180 In fact, I find that the location of the top two holes specified in the
Drawings more similar to DLE’s manufactured holes for the column base plate
than the location of the top two holes in Ramo’s post-modification works. It
is more likely than not that the specifications of the location of the holes
in the Drawings provided by Ramo were inaccurate and resulted in the alleged
fabrication error. As such, I find that the alleged fabrication defects were
not a result of DLE’s manufacturing errors. For the foregoing reasons, I find
that Ramo has not proven DLE’s liability for this category of defects on a
balance of probabilities.

Purlin Stiffener Modification Work

181 Ramo claims that four purlin stiffeners were wrongly located and not
connected to the purlin. This resulted in the stiffeners having to be cut,
moved closer to the purlin and welded. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at pp 100–101.

A photograph was provided to show the wrong location of the stiffeners. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

7 PBAEIC at p 296.

I find that Ramo has proven DLE’s liability for this category of defects.

Bracing Casate Plate Modification Work

182 For this category of defects, Ramo claims that the casate plates were
longer than they should have been, affecting the fixing of the beams. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at p 104.

The casate plates were in the wrong location and the beams could not be fixed.
As a result, the casate plates had to be cut and welded nearer to the beams.
256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Transcript 17 July 2019 at p 104.

Photographs of this fabrication error were provided and demonstrated the
location of the casate plates. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

7 PBAEIC at p 295.

I find that Ramo has proven DLE’s liability for this category of fabrication
errors.

183 In summary, I find that Ramo has proven DLE’s liability for the
fabrication defects for all categories, save for the category of Column Base
Plate Additional Hole Drilling Work.

Invoice No. 2291/16: Failure to supply sag rods and turnbuckles

184 Ramo further claims for its additional purchase of sag rods and
turnbuckles, as a result of DLE’s failure to supply these requisite quantities
of materials in accordance with the Drawings. Ramo provides Invoice No.
2291/16, an invoice of the additional purchase of these materials from third
parties. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Francis’ AEIC at paras 28–30; PBD pp 128–134.

DLE has not provided evidence to the contrary and I find DLE liable for the
failure to supply the sag rods and turnbuckles. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at p 14.

185 The assessment of the quantum of Ramo’s claim for the Improper Fabrication
Issue will be dealt with in the Assessment of Damages Phase.

The Demurrage Issue

186 Under the Demurrage Issue, Ramo’s case is that demurrage charges of
RM624,420.43 arose from the delay resulting from (a) DLE’s delayed submission
of shipping documents in the customs clearance processes; and (b) DLE’s
failure to deliver painted structural steel. Ramo submits that DLE is liable
to reimburse Ramo for the demurrage payments of RM624,420.43 that Ramo had
made on DLE’s behalf to ensure the release of the structural steel from the
port. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

PCS at para 10.

As DLE refused to pay for the demurrage charges at the time that they were
being incurred, Ramo paid for the demurrage charges first on DLE’s behalf in
order not to further delay the delivery of the structural steel to the Site
and to mitigate its losses and prevent further demurrage charges from being
incurred. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 69.

Ramo made payments for the container deposits to FM Global Logistics (“FM
Global”) by way of cheque, 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

Mahe’s AEIC at para 23.

from which demurrage and detention charges were deductible, on DLE’s request
as DLE did not have a Malaysia bank account and was not able to issue cheques
for payments in Malaysian Ringgit. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

Mahe’s AEIC at paras 16–24.

It is this sum that Ramo is seeking a reimbursement of from DLE.

187 For the purposes of this section, I find that DLE had caused some delay,
resulting in the demurrage charges incurred. Parties agreed that DLE’s
liability should be decided in the Liability Phase (ie, the present judgment)
and the quantum of demurrage charges that the Ramo is entitled to seek
reimbursement from DLE will be a matter for the Assessment of Damages Phase.
264

##### Foot Note 264

×

DCS at para 132(c); PCS at para 138; Guna’s AEIC at para 68; Tab 3 at 3 PBAEIC
at pp 116–117.

For the Demurrage Issue, should I find DLE liable for the reimbursement of the
demurrage payments, the determination of the specific extent of the delays
caused and the resulting demurrage charges will be deferred to the Assessment
of Damages Phase.

188 In the Liability Phase, Ramo has not quantified and particularised the
exact number of days of demurrage charges incurred as a result of (a) DLE’s
delays caused in the customs clearance process; and (b) DLE’s failure to
deliver painted structural steel. I also note that Ramo reserves the right to
prove the full amount of the demurrage payments incurred at the Assessment of
Damages Phase. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 68.

DLE also agrees that the quantum of demurrage that Ramo is entitled to seek
reimbursement from DLE is also a matter for the Assessment of Damages Phase.
266

##### Foot Note 266

×

DCS at para 132(c).

189 Taking that into account, this court will decide on DLE’s liability on the
demurrage charges, but the extent of the delay (ie, number of days of delay
caused) for each of DLE’s actions and the quantum of demurrage charges
incurred as a result will be deferred by consent of the parties to the
Assessment of Damages Phase.

Delay from failure to deliver painted structural steel

190 I first start with the delay caused by DLE’s supply of some unpainted
structural steel material. As I found earlier at [164], DLE supplied 421.41mt
of unpainted structural steel. This resulted in the containers carrying the
shipments to be transported first to a yard for painting works to be carried
out, before they were delivered to the work site in Pengerang. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

SOC at para 67.

The containers were retained at the painting yard so that they could be used
to send the painted materials to the work site, before returning the empty
containers to Pasir Gudang port. However, as more unpainted materials arrived
from incoming shipments, the painting yard had insufficient storage space for
these containers. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

Mahe’s AEIC at para 37.

The shipping liner refused to release the 11th to 13th shipments from the
port, until the containers for ninth and tenth shipments were returned to the
port. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

SOC at para 66; Guna’s AEIC at p 45.

Ramo was unable to return the containers for the ninth and tenth shipments to
the port as the painting works had to be carried out on the unpainted
structural steel first. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

SOC at para 67.

As a result, the steel being unpainted caused demurrage fees to be incurred.
At trial, Dennis accepted that demurrage charges were incurred as the
containers containing unpainted structural steel had to be transported to the
painting yard and could not be returned on time until the painting was
completed. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at p 158.

191 As such, I find that DLE is liable for the demurrage fees incurred for its
failure to deliver painted structural steel for the ninth and tenth shipment.
The exact extent of the delay caused and the quantum of demurrage charges
incurred as a result of DLE’s delivery of unpainted structural steel will be
dealt with in the Assessment of Damages Phase.

Delays in the customs clearance process

192 Next, I turn to the demurrage charges incurred as a result of the delays
caused by DLE in the customs clearance process. I found earlier that DLE is
contractually liable for the customs clearance process under the Contract (see
above at [140]).

193 To recap, DLE appointed Gateway as its haulier agent and Gateway appointed
JPL as the customs clearing agent for the shipments who would “carry out the
necessary paper works application with Petronas as well as to custom clear all
containers arriving to Pasir Gudang Port once obtained the Exemption” (see
above at [135]). 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

ABD Vol 9 at p 174.

194 Upon arrival, the shipments for prefabricated structural steel had to
undergo clearance at the Malaysian customs. For the prefabricated structural
steel imported from Vietnam, DLE was required to obtain the COA and an import
licence from the CIBD in Malaysia before the prefabricated structural steel
shipments could be released. DLE’s role involved coordinating the customs
clearance and obtaining the COA and the import licence from CIBD to ensure
that the release of the shipments and the return of the containers were
completed within the 28-day laytime (ie, without any additional fees being
incurred beyond the 14-days free period for demurrage and 14-days free period
for detention). 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

Sri’s AEIC at para 45; SOC at para 56.

DLE was aware that the estimated time for obtaining the COA and customs
clearance was about 9–13 days, such that it was required to obtain 28-day
laytime (ie, 14-days demurrage, 14-days detention) from the shipping liner to
accommodate this timeline. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

Sri’s AEIC at para 45.

This is evidenced by an email dated 14 April 2016 at 6.29pm from Gateway to
DLE, informing DLE of the need for the 28-day laytime: 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

Sri’s AEIC at paras 45–46, 5 PBAEIC at pp 175–176.

3\. Please prepare the 2nd set Draft BL and request confirmation and approval
from shipping Line before vessel sail to ensure No issues from their
documentation team, otherwise JPL won't be able to clear the shipments [on
time].

4\. There will be local charges at Port of discharge eg (Terminal handling
charges, Documentation fee, Import service/agency fee and also EDI fee for
transmitting, as well as switch BL fee etc) All this charges must be arranged
Either To Gateway Shipping or JPL in advance enable us to collect the
CONTAINER DELIVERY NOTE (CDN) to arrange our haulier to pull laden Containers
from Inside port CY to customs check point for custom clearance etc. If there
are delays than port demurrage will kick in.

5[.] Please request supplier to apply at least 14 days free demurrage at port
of destination as well as free detention of At least 14 days free use of
containers in case there are any discrepancies with customs.

[emphasis added]

The shipments could only be released for delivery to the Site upon the
successful clearance of the customs processes, as spelt out under Steps 8, 9
and 10 of the agreed procedure between parties in the email dated 20 April
2016 (see above at [65]):

Step 8: Gateway shipping shall handover the Switch BL to JPL for customs
clearance and releasing the containers. Correct

Step 9: JPL shall be liaising with the Pasir Gudang customs and get it
cleared. Correct

Step 10: Upon clearing the customs, JPL shall approach the liner’s local
releasing agent ‘BBB’ for releasing of the containers. Correct

195 In order to obtain the COA, DLE had to prepare or procure the Certificate
of Origin and the Original Manufacturer’s Certificate (ie, the mill test
certificate) so that the documents could be submitted to CIDB. 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

Guna’s AEIC at paras 51–52; Tab 19.

DLE’s obligation to prepare the Certificate of Origin was evidenced by DLE’s
email to JPL dated 5 April 2016 at 2.15pm enquiring specifically as to whether
the Certificate of Origin was required in light of PRPC’s tax exempt status.
277

##### Foot Note 277

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 54; 2 PBAEIC at p 376.

A further email dated 5 April 2016 at 4.23pm from DLE to JPL confirms that
“[DLE] will prepare Certificate of Origin … consignee as PRPC”. 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 55; 2 PBAEIC at p 371.

The e-mail dated 20 April 2016 from JPL to DLE explains the process of
obtaining the COA from CIDB and customs clearance for the prefabricated
structural steel: 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 72, Tab 19.

I wish to bring to your attention the process flow for this clearance.

1\. Apply for COA upon receipt of manufacturing letter and Mills.

2\. Proceed to CIDB to pay over the counter for the application.

3\. Upon approval, insert the CIDB number onto the Customs form register
online.

4\. Once Customs form is registered, request GST bank draft from PRPC.

5\. Once BD is received, cargo is cleared through Customs, Gateway will
arrange deliver.

The time span.

1\. CIDB- approx. 5-7 working days. Need to go to Tampoi for payment.

2\. Request for BD from PRPC-3–5 working days. Cheque is issued in KUL. Need
to collect and courier to PGU.

3\. Customs clearance- 1 day.

Thus, I hope that you have requested sufficient free time with the shipping
line.

[emphasis added]

196 DLE’s failure to relay shipment documents is first evidenced by the 20
June 2017 letter by Gateway to Ramo, which states that JPL had faced long
delays from DLE in relaying the shipment documents which resulted in the
demurrage charges: 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

ABD Vol 9 at p 174.

In order for JPL to carry out the exemption process they require full set of
documentation such as Original Bills of Lading, Cargo packing List,
Invoices/Mill Certificate etc. which DLE Solutions must compile all this
within a very short time and hand over to [JPL] to perform the process of
application for Tax Exemption. However, JPL was facing long delays from DLE
Solutions in relaying the shipment documents thus causing a long delay for
containers to be pulled out from Pasir Gudang port. In view of this PORT
STORAGE/ EXTRA Movement Charges as well as Container DEMURRAGE/DETENTION has
[arisen]. [emphasis added]

I note that this letter is a general allegation by Gateway of DLE’s delay in
relaying of shipment documents and was sent almost a year after the alleged
delays occurred. The letter also does not particularise the shipment
documents, number of days of delay and the dates in which DLE failed to send
the shipment documents in time for each shipment. With that, I turn to analyse
other documentary evidence that is more contemporaneous in time with the acts
of delay caused by DLE for each shipment document.

197 An email dated 28 May 2016 from Ramo to DLE records the following: 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

Sri’s AEIC at para 53; Tab 30.

With regards to enclosed invoices, we are settling the payment now to expedite
the trucking out of containers from port.

All these happened because of incomplete overseas shipment procedure followed
by Vietnam side. Mill cert provided by them is from a non-accredited body.
This has delayed beyond the free demurrage period and still counting. These
charges shall be reimbursed from your side.

[emphasis added]

This shows that the delay in customs clearance was caused by DLE submitting
the wrong mill test certificates which were from a non-accredited body such
that it had to be rectified, thereby delaying the customs clearance and
exceeding the 28-day laytime. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

Sri’s AEIC at para 53.

198 On 27 April 2016, JPL also complained about the delay in the customs
clearance process as the mill certificates submitted by DLE were illegible and
required time to be rectified. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 44.

A Whatsapp group conversation on 27 April 2016 with representatives from JPL,
Gateway, DLE and Ramo records the following messages: 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

ABD Vol 3 at pp 53–54.

4/27/16, 12:34 PM - Dennis DLE: The Switched BL should be available by
tomorrow if we can get the Original BL cleared by today. We chased UOB already
as documents from Vietnam arrived UOB on monday. Mahe please follow up to push
UOB Singapore pls. We have been chasing every hour also

4/27/16, 12:48 PM - Bernard JPL: Mr. Suresh, the mills were sent to me on Fri
22/4. I can only check on Mon 25/4. The print is almost [illegible]. I hv to
get a covering letter frm PRPC n then only submit to CIDB. That was yesterday.
Now I hv to send some1 to CIDB to make cash payment so that no time is wasted
when we get the approval. When the approval is obtained, we hv to insert the
approval number onto the Customs 1 n submit. Upon registration of the KI,
apply to PRPC for the BD. I hv done my best n even more. I est by end of next
week. Future shipment, pls send all relevant docs before ETA vessel. I m sorry
i sound harsh but i m not sitting on my hands.

4/27/16, 12:50 PM - Suresh Gateway Malaysia: Hi Bro. Noted on this delays and
consequences arising. .

4/27/16, 12:50 PM - Dennis DLE: bernard, we have all the mill certs already
and they are all the same for the whole project

4/27/16, 12:51 PM - Dennis DLE: so we send you in a batch you can use them

4/27/16, 12:51 PM - Dennis DLE: for the rest of the application

4/27/16, 12:52 PM - Bernard JPL: Aporeciate [sic] if u pls send it together
with the CIPL n BL.

4/27/16, 12:54 PM - Dennis DLE: CIPL And BL internal document I have them
ready

4/27/16, 12:56 PM - Bernard JPL: Ok.

4/27/16, 2:43 PM - Guna: Hi guys.. It seems the container going to lie in the
yard for more than three weeks. Try your level best to speed up. And,Dennis
can you submit all the documents in advance to them, for further shipments.
This is delaying the project a lot. All the erector set are mobilized to site
and sitting idle. Dennis, you know how difficult to get skilled manpower in
Malaysia. that too get them inducted in Rapid. So,kindly support us to avoid
further delay...

4/27/16, 2:45 PM - Dennis DLE: Yes sir.

4/27/16, 2:45 PM - Dennis DLE: I will personally see to the documents to be
ready in advance. Now we have all the requirements very clear

[emphasis added]

JPL suggested that all relevant shipping documents should be submitted before
the estimated time of the vessel’s arrival at Pasir Gudang for future
shipments. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 44.

Dennis agreed and promised to personally see that the documents would be ready
in advance for future shipments, impliedly admitting that DLE was at fault and
that he now had “all the requirements very clear”.

199 Further, Ramo argues that Dai Dung’s late submission of documents to the
bank resulted in delays that ate significantly into the 28-day laytime.
Parties had agreed that the payments under the Sub-Contract were to be
effected by the Letter of Credit issued by UOB. Whenever each shipment
departed from Vietnam, Dai Dung, on DLE’s behalf, would first present the bill
of lading and the other relevant shipping documents together with the Letters
of Credit to its bank in Vietnam for eventual payment to DLE as beneficiary
under the Letters of Credit. 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 74.

This is under Steps 4 and 5 of the agreed procedure between parties in the
email dated 20 April 2016 (see above at [65]), reproduced as follows: 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

ABD Vol 2 at p 176.

Step 4: Dai Dung collects the Master HOUSE BL from the liner in Vietnam and
submitting to BANK for discounting the LC. Since, it is a LC based shipment,
the consignee shall be the LC issuing bank in Singapore- In this case it is
UOB. Correct

Step 5: Upon receiving of LC discount documents from Vietnam, UOB clears the
payment formalities and releasing the shipping documents to RAMO in Singapore.
Correct

200 Ramo submits that Dai Dung would “generally sit on submitting DLE’s claim
to the bank”. 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 75.

At times, Dai Dung would only submit the shipping documents to UOB 10 to 15
days after the shipment had departed from the Ho Chi Minh port. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 75.

Upon submission of the shipping documents to the bank, the said documents
would take about another five days to reach DLE’s bank in Singapore. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 75.

Thereafter, DLE would collect these documents and replace the invoice issued
by Dai Dung to DLE with an invoice issued by DLE to Ramo, which DLE would then
submit to Ramo’s bank in Singapore for payment. 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 75.

Only when Ramo’s bank made payment to DLE would Ramo’s bank then handover the
original shipping documents to DLE, who would then approach the shipping liner
to procure a switch bill of lading which would show the consignee as PRPC,
before the shipping documents including the switch bill of lading could be
handed to JPL to process the customs clearance work. 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 75.

DLE was also responsible for procuring the switch bill of lading. 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

Guna’s AEIC at paras 48–50.

201 Dai Dung’s delay in submission of DLE’s claim to the bank is evidenced by
a table submitted by Ramo that outlines the number of days between the
Departure date from Ho Chi Minh port and Date of Release of Shipping Documents
from UOB, supported by the dates on the bills of ladings and UOB collection
notices for each shipment, summarised as follows: 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 76; Tab 28.

Shipment No.| Days between the Departure date from Ho Chi Minh port and Date
of Release of Shipping Documents from UOB  
---|---  
1 | 12  
2 | 12  
3 | 12  
4 | 11  
5 | 7  
6 | 13  
7 | 15  
8 | 19  
9 | 15  
10 | 30  
11 | 19  
12 | 16  
13 | 8  
  
Ramo argues that evident from the table, the delay caused by the late
submission of shipping documents ate significantly into the 28-day laytime,
whereas DLE had to ensure delivery of the structural steel without additional
port charges. 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

Guna’s AEIC at para 77.

I further note that in its submissions, DLE does not dispute the figures
submitted by Ramo in the above table. Dai Dung is also DLE’s manufacturer of
structural steel material, and any delays in the process caused by Dai Dung
would thus be attributed to DLE through vicarious performance: Chitty on
Contracts (HG Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2018) at para 19-082.
As such, I find DLE liable for the delay caused by Dai Dung’s late submission
of documents, on DLE’s behalf, to the bank.

202 Finally, I turn to Dennis’ concessions at trial. First, Dennis accepted
that the demurrage charges would be incurred for any delay arising in the
customs clearance process. 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at pp 157–160.

Dennis was aware that Ramo was receiving invoices from FM Global and also
agreed that Ramo had no choice but to make payments for the demurrage charges
to FM Global in order to avoid the containers for subsequent shipments from
being “stuck in the port”. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at p 160.

Most crucially, Dennis admitted that if the Court finds DLE responsible for
the customs clearance process, the demurrage payments should be reimbursed by
DLE to Ramo. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at p 160.

203 At trial, Dennis alleged that Ramo had also caused delay in the customs
clearance process by retrieving the shipping documents from the bank and
passing it to DLE to switch the bill of lading. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at pp 53–54.

In support of this argument, DLE presents a table of dates documenting when
DLE had allegedly submitted shipping documents to Ramo for the purposes of
custom clearance. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

DBAEIC at p 223.

However, Dennis admitted under cross-examination that he did not have any
supporting documents for the purported dates in the table. Taking into account
Dennis’ lack of credibility, the table of dates adduced must be given its due
weight. Dennis eventually conceded that he was not asserting that Ramo had
caused any delay in liaising with the bank, but merely that he wanted to show
no delay on DLE’s part. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at p 173.

204 Having considered Dennis’ admissions at trial and the aforesaid
documentary evidence, I find DLE liable for causing the delay in the customs
clearance process, which in turn caused the demurrage charges to be incurred.
The exact quantification of the number of days delayed and the quantum of
demurrage charges will be dealt with in the Assessment of Damages Phase.

The Delay Issue

205 For the Delay Issue, Ramo’s claim is that DLE is responsible for the delay
in the delivery of the structural steel for 270 days from 10 April 2016 to 4
January 2017 (4 January 2017 inclusive) and is liable for liquidated damages
at RM10,750 per day, amounting to RM2,889,000. DLE’s extent of liability (ie,
the extent of DLE’s delay in delivering the structural steel in accordance
with the delivery schedule) will be dealt with in the present tranche and the
quantum of liquidated damages will be deferred to the Assessment of Damages
Phase.

Delivery Schedule

206 I start with the delivery schedule that binds both parties based on the
Contract. As regards the obligations that arise between the parties for the
delivery schedule of the structural steel, I find that DLE is bound by the
delivery schedule stated in cl 9 of the 20 January LOA, which states that “DLE
[is] to note that the entire work has to be executed in strict accordance with
[Ramo’s] building programme and/or such other programme and schedule issued to
DLE to enable [Ramo] to complete the Main Contract Works for the handing over
to the Employer by the contractual Completion Date”. I note that the 20
January LOA did not enumerate the specific delivery dates as Dennis had to
make further queries with Dai Dung on the dates that DLE could commit to.

207 However, Dennis accepted at trial that Ramo could dictate the terms of the
delivery schedule, if the 20 January LOA is found to be binding on parties and
part of the Contract. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at p 33.

As mentioned earlier, commercial freedom allows Ramo, the party with a
stronger bargaining power, to impose onerous terms and the party with the
weaker bargaining power has to decide whether it wishes to accept them to win
the contract. DLE had accepted these terms once the price was agreed upon by
parties before 10.34pm on 14 February 2016.

208 After the Contract was crystallised when the price was finalised and
agreed by the parties, the delivery schedule was “issued to DLE to enable
[Ramo] to complete the Main Contract Works” as per cl 9 of the 20 January LOA,
in the delivery schedule enumerated in cl 9 of the 14 February Draft, which
states that the commencement of works would start on 15 February 2016 and the
final shipment date would be 10 April 2016 (ie, spanning a period of 7 to 8
weeks). 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 7.

This delivery schedule is reasonable and consistent with DLE’s estimated
delivery schedule. In an email dated 4 February 2016, Dennis stated that the
delivery period for 1200 MT of structural steel could be done in “6 to 8
weeks” and that the first delivery could be within “4 to 5 weeks”. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

ABD Vol 1 at p 113.

209 DLE submits that the delivery schedule set out in the 14 February Draft
should not be adopted as it was not signed by the parties. However, the fact
that parties did not sign the 14 February Draft is immaterial. All that is
required of Ramo is to issue a delivery schedule to DLE (see cl 9 of 20
January LOA) as Ramo could dictate the terms of the delivery schedule. Ramo
dictated the terms of the delivery schedule once the delivery schedule was
communicated to DLE via the 14 February Draft sent by Ramo. The dates
encapsulated in cl 9 of the 14 February Draft represented the determinative
delivery schedule issued by Ramo to DLE for purposes of the Contract. Further,
Dennis had also conceded at trial that if the 20 January LOA is found to be
binding and part of the Contract, the schedule stated by Ramo in the 14
February Draft would be binding on DLE. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at p 48.

In any event, I note that Ramo had not taken undue advantage of DLE by issuing
an unreasonably short delivery schedule pursuant to cl 9 of 20 January LOA,
which DLE would have difficulty in complying with (see [208]).

Delay caused by DLE

210 DLE delivered 14 shipments in total, with the 14th shipment received by
Ramo on 11 December 2016. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

Sri’s AEIC at para 32.

It was discovered through Ramo’s site inspections at Dai Dung’s factory in
Vietnam that Dai Dung had not engaged sufficient manpower and this caused a
delay in DLE’s delivery of structural steel. 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

Sri’s AEIC at para 34.

On 9 May 2016, Ramo emailed DLE stating that “the manpower engaged for
fabrication work still not enough to meet our target… This will affect our
overall master schedule, results delay the further activities which we can do
only after the structural steel erection”. 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

ABD Vol 2 at p 18.

DLE was aware of the fact that they were behind schedule. At trial, Dennis
also admitted to being aware that Dai Dung failed in its obligation to provide
the steel in a timely manner. 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

Transcript 24 July 2019 at p 155.

Dennis also accepted that any delay that occurred as a result of Dai Dung’s
fault would be DLE’s responsibility. 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 104.

Dennis even sent a Whatsapp message on 18 June 2016 to Guna saying that he was
regretful and ashamed of the delay in delivery of the shipments. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

Transcript 23 July 2019 at p 170.

211 Due to the shortfall in structural steel delivered, Ramo also had to
procure the remaining structural steel that was outstanding from Intanco, a
third party that was responsible for installing the structural steel on the
Accommodation Camp. The remaining structural steel that was required for the
Accommodation Camp arrived in the 15th and 16th shipment and was only received
by Ramo on 4 January 2017. 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

Sri’s AEIC at para 33.

212 As per cl 14 of the 20 January 2016 LOA on liquidated damages, DLE is
liable for RM10,750.00 per day for each day the works remain incomplete
(Sundays and Public Holidays inclusive) for any delay in completion of the
project caused by DLE. I disagree with Ramo that the last date (4 January
2017) should be included in the calculation of the number of days of delay in
delivery of the structural steel material. I find that DLE is liable for
liquidated damages for the delay in the delivery in the completion of the
Accommodation Camp for 269 days from 10 April 2016 to 4 January 2017 (not
inclusive of the last date) and not 270 days.

DLE’s Counter-claim

The Retention Monies Issue

213 DLE counterclaims that it is entitled to the retention monies amounting to
US$35,936.16. This is with reference to the parties’ agreement on 16 June 2016
for Ramo to withhold 5% retention monies at US$48/mt (ie, 5% of US$960/mt =
US$48/mt) for the total quantity of structural steel material supplied as
evidenced in Letter of Credit (Amendment No. 4) (see above at [115]). 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

ABD Vol 10 at p 186.

Guna admitted at trial that DLE was entitled to the sum and that it could be
used to set off against Ramo’s claim for the breaches by DLE. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

Transcript 19 July 2019 at p 104.

I find that DLE has succeeded in its counterclaim for being entitled to the 5%
retention monies for the total quantity of structural steel material supplied.
The quantification of the retention sum, which will be used to set off against
Ramo’s claim, will be deferred to the Assessment of Damages Phase.

The Bolts Issue

214 DLE also counterclaims for the connection bolts supplied to Ramo for a sum
of US$5,040.42, which Dennis claims is outside the scope of the Contract and
was supplied at the request of Ramo. DLE argues that since the bolts were not
included in the Drawings, “the weight of the bolts must be separately paid
for”. 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

Dennis’ AEIC at para 99.

Dennis testifies that Ramo is indebted to DLE for the value of the bolts based
purportedly on the unit rate of US$960 per metric tonne of bolts supplied.
Dennis simply asserts that the weight of the bolts came to five tonnes to
justify DLE’s claim of US$5,040.42. Save for Dennis’ bare assertions, DLE
provides no documentary evidence on the purported request of Ramo outside the
scope of the Contract for DLE to supply the bolts separately. There is also no
documentary evidence to show that the weight of all the bolts supplied amounts
to five tonnes. Taking into consideration Dennis’ credibility and the absence
of documentary evidence, I find that DLE has not proven that it is entitled to
a separate payment for the five tonnes of bolts. I find that the Drawings do
in fact show the requirements for the bolts including their dimensions and the
required grade. I accept Ramo’s submission that the supply of the bolts is
within the scope of the Contract and included in the contract price of US$960
per metric tonne of prefabricated structural steel. I do not believe that
there was a separate request by Ramo to DLE to supply the bolts under another
supply contract.

Conclusion

215 In conclusion, I make the following findings for Ramo’s claim. For the
Contract Issue, Ramo has succeeded in proving that the 20 January LOA is
binding and part of the Contract, along with the Oral Price Agreement, the PO
and Letters of Credit. For the Liability Issue, I find DLE liable for the
following:

(a) the Shortfall Issue: DLE’s over-claim of 34.52mt of structural steel;

(b) the Unpainted Steel Issue: DLE’s supply of 421.41mt of unpainted
structural steel;

(c) the Improper Fabrication Issue: All categories of the alleged fabrication
defects supplied by DLE save for the Column Base Plate Additional Hole
Drilling Work (Invoice No. 2289/16), and DLE’s failure to supply sag rods and
turnbuckles (Invoice No. 2291/16);

(d) the Demurrage Issue: the demurrage charges incurred as a result of DLE’s
failure to deliver painted structural steel and delays caused by DLE in the
customs clearance process; and

(e) the Delay Issue: 269 days of delayed delivery of the structural steel
(from 10 April 2016 to 4 January 2017).

216 As for DLE’s counterclaim, I find that DLE succeeds on the Retention
Monies Issue, but fails on the Bolts Issue.

217 The quantum of damages for Ramo’s claim and DLE’s counterclaim will be
assessed at the Assessment of Damages Phase. DLE’s counterclaim is to be set
off against Ramo’s claim.

218 Costs will be reserved to the court hearing the Assessment of Damages.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Moiz Haider Sithawalla and Yong Manling Jasmine (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the
plaintiff;  
Quek Seng Soon Winston and Gan Guo Bin (Winston Quek & Company) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

