Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 27

Suit No 541 of 2018

Between

| Changi Makan Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Development 2003 Holding Private Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Har Yasin Restaurant Pte Ltd  
(3)| Mohamed Hanifa s/o Abdul Hamid  
(4)| Mohamed Haneefa Iqbal  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraudulent] — [Statement as to what will
happen in the future]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraudulent] — [Statement rendered untrue
by supervening event] — [Whether sufficiently corrected]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraudulent] — [Whether statement
substantially contributed to purchase of property]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy] — [Unlawful means conspiracy]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Changi Makan Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Development 2003 Holding Pte Ltd and others

[2020] SGHC 27

High Court — Suit No 541 of 2018  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
25–28 June 2019; 12 September 2019

7 February 2020 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

Introduction

1 This is a story of unmet expectations. The plaintiff purchased a property
from the first defendant, with the belief that the rental yield of the
property would inevitably rise. The plaintiff also believed that it could be
re-sold at a higher price. When the plaintiff’s expectations did not
materialise, the present suit was initiated against the first defendant, as
well as the second to fourth defendants, who are the original tenants of the
property. The central theme of the plaintiff’s complaint is that the
defendants had conspired to artificially inflate the rental yield of the
property. The plaintiff’s purchase was therefore pegged to an allegedly
inflated price that did not represent the property’s true market value. The
two causes of action relied on by the plaintiff are fraudulent
misrepresentation and unlawful means conspiracy.

Facts

The Property

2 The property which is the subject of the dispute is a mixed-used building
located at 44 and 46 Changi Road, Singapore (“the Property”). The Property
comprises three storeys, and is divided as follows:

(a) the first storey of the Property is a commercial unit, with the address of
44 and 46 Changi Road (“the first storey”);

(b) the second storey of the Property is a residential unit, which has been
referred to by parties as 44A and 46A Changi Road (“the second storey”);

(c) the third storey of the Property is the attic (“the third storey”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Bundle of the Plaintiff’s Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (“PBAF”) p 5, para
3; 1st Defendant’s Bundle of Affidavits (“1DAF”) p 2, para 7.

The parties

3 The plaintiff is a company that is majority-owned by Mr Lee Boon Leng, who
also goes by the name of Jason Lee (“Mr Lee”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

PBAF p 4, para 1.

He is an entrepreneur and property investor. He has been involved in the
purchase of about six or seven commercial premises in Singapore, which operate
as coffee shops or eateries, including the Property. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Transcripts (26 June 2019) p 20 lines 1 to 14.

The plaintiff was incorporated for the purpose of buying and holding the
Property. There is a minority investor in the plaintiff, who holds a 30%
stake, one Mr Seah Boon Lock (“Mr Seah”).

4 The first defendant is a family-owned company in the business of purchasing
and managing properties for rental revenue. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1DAF p 2, para 3.

It was the first defendant who sold the Property to the plaintiff. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PBAF p 41.

At the time of the sale, it was majority owned and controlled by one Mr Ng Kim
Wah (“Mr Ng”), who has since passed away in 2016. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1DAF p 2, para 5.

5 The second to fourth defendants (collectively, “the tenants”) were the
tenants of the first and second storeys of the Property at the time of the
sale. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PBAF p 26.

The third defendant, who was 86 years old at the time of the trial, is the
father of the fourth defendant. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Mohamed Haneefa Iqbal (“Iqbal”) p 2, para 5.

It is common ground that the father and son team control the second defendant
company. They utilised the Property to operate a well-known 24-hour Indian
Muslim eatery by the name of “Har Yasin”, as well as to provide a residential
unit for their employees. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1DAF p 39.

Under their tenancy agreement with the first defendant dated 13 March 2013,
the tenants paid S$24,000 and S$6,000 for the lease of the first and second
storeys of the Property respectively every month (“the 2013 Lease”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1DAF p 38.

6 Under a separate tenancy agreement dated 23 July 2014, the third storey was
tenanted out to one Golden Sands Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd (“Golden
Sands”) at a monthly rental of S$5,500. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PBAF p 31.

This was a month-to-month tenancy.

Sale of the Property

7 Sometime in November 2014, Mr Hau Boon Ping (“Mr Hau”), a property agent,
contacted Mr Lee, informing him that the Property was up for sale. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PBAF p 6, para 6.

Mr Hau had been acquainted with Mr Lee for four to five years by then, and he
had represented Mr Lee in a previous transaction in relation to a residential
property. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PBAF p 6, para 6 and Transcripts (25 June 2019) p 40 lines 20 to 21.

Mr Hau informed Mr Lee that the Property had three storeys, and that it was
tenanted and generated a monthly rental income of S$35,500. He showed Mr Lee
the two tenancy agreements between the first defendant and its tenants, who
were the second to fourth defendants, and Golden Sands. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PBAF p 7, para 8.

8 Mr Hau further informed Mr Lee that the second to fourth defendants were
“good tenants who had been leasing the Property for a long time, and that they
always paid their rent on time”, while the third storey was “rented by a
construction company [Golden Sands] which had used the premises as
accommodation for its workers.” 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PBAF p 7, para 9.

Mr Hau suggested a price of S$11m. Mr Lee looked at the rental figures and who
the tenants were. He took Mr Hau’s advice. Mr Lee did not ask for a valuation
of the Property. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PBAF p 8, para 10 and Transcripts (25 June 2019) p 41 lines 1 to 14.

9 It is not in dispute that, at all material times, Mr Lee dealt only with Mr
Hau and had never met or spoken with Mr Ng, who represented the first
defendant 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcripts (25 June 2019) p 40 lines 22 to 27.

.

Offer to purchase

10 Considering the Property to be an attractive investment, Mr Lee made an
offer in writing to purchase the Property for S$11m on 13 November 2014 (“the
Offer”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PBAF p 8, para 10; p 31.

To carry out the purchase of the Property, the plaintiff company was
incorporated on 5 December 2014, with the stated purpose of “letting &
operating of eating house and food court”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PBAF p 36.

As mentioned earlier, the plaintiff is 70% owned by Mr Lee, and 30% owned by
the other investor, Mr Seah. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PBAF p 8, para 11 and pp 36 to 38.

Mr Lee explained that their plan was to realise any capital appreciation from
a resale of the Property or to enjoy long-term returns from the rental income
generated by the Property. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PBAF p 7, para 8 and Transcripts (25 June 2019) p 59, lines 7 to 13.

Termination of the tenancy of the third storey

11 On 3 February 2015, the first defendant received a “Fire Hazard Abatement
Notice” from the Singapore Civil Defence Force (“SCDF”), informing them that
the third storey could not be used as a dormitory by Golden Sands as had been
originally intended because it posed a fire hazard. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

1DAF p 62.

Upon receipt of this notice, the first defendant informed Golden Sands to
reinstate the premises to its original layout. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1DAF p 63.

12 Consequently, Golden Sands terminated the month-to-month tenancy and
vacated the third storey of the Property, and it ceased paying rent to the
first defendant from 14 February 2015 onwards. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

1DAF p 145; Transcripts (27 June 2015) p 6 lines 22 to 32.

Option to Purchase issued

13 On 18 March 2015, the first defendant issued the plaintiff with an Option
to Purchase the Property at the purchase price of S$11m (“the OTP”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PBAF pp 41 to 46.

The OTP provided that the sale was “subject to existing tenancies currently
comprised in the two (2) Tenancy Agreements”, namely the tenancy agreements
with the second to fourth defendants and Golden Sands. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PBAF p 42, clause 8.

14 The evidence of Mr Lee was, however, that Mr Hau informed him that the
third storey was in fact no longer tenanted. This did not have any impact on
his decision to go ahead with the purchase because Mr Hau assured him that the
plaintiff “could just look for another tenant” for the third storey. Given
this assurance, Mr Lee “was not too concerned that the [t]hird [s]torey was
vacant”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PBAF pp 9 to 10, paras 16 to 17.

15 Almost a year after the OTP was issued, the plaintiff exercised the OTP on
12 February 2016. The first defendant had granted extensions of time to the
plaintiff to allow the late exercise of the OTP. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

1DAF p 9, para 33 and p 10, para 34.

Mr Lee explained that the long time taken to decide whether to exercise the
OTP was because he had never purchased a coffee shop which operated an Indian
Muslim eatery. He had long discussions with Mr Hau about the transaction
before deciding to go ahead. Mr Hau had persuaded him that it was a good deal.
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcripts (25 June 2019) p 62 lines 9 to 23.

The sale of the Property was completed on 12 April 2016. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PBAF pp 8 to 9, paras 13 to 14.

Alleged conspiracy between the first defendant and tenants

The plaintiff’s account

16 According to the plaintiff, sometime after exercising the OTP (on 12
February 2016) and before completion on 12 April 2016, Mr Lee met with the
third and fourth defendants to discuss the plaintiff’s plans to renovate the
Property. Mr Lee explained that he wanted to carry out such renovations
because he felt that the building was old. The plaintiff mooted the idea that
a rental of about S$45,000 per month would be sought from the tenants after
such renovations were complete. However, the fourth defendant did not agree to
this proposal. He and his father, the third defendant, in fact wanted a
reduction in the rental and saw no need for any renovations to the building.
The meeting thus concluded without an agreement being reached. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PBAF pp 11 to 12, paras 23 to 25.

17 The parties then met again in September 2016, where the tenants proposed to
renew the tenancy, which would expire in May 2017, at a rental of S$12,000 per
month. Mr Lee stated that the plaintiff was looking at a rental of more than
S$30,000 per month, to which the tenants did not agree. Accordingly, this
second meeting also concluded without any agreement being reached between the
parties. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PBAF pp 12 to 13, paras 26 to 30.

18 However, what is also notable about this meeting is that the plaintiff
alleges in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that the third defendant had
told him that S$12,000 was the “previous rental” the tenants had paid and that
they only agreed to enter into the 2013 Lease and to pay a higher rental of
S$30,000 to help the first defendant sell the Property. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PBAF p 13, para 28.

19 Subsequent to the meeting in September 2016, Mr Lee asked Ms Tang Lee Swan
(“Ms Tang”) to discuss the renewal of the tenancy with the fourth defendant.
Ms Tang was then an employee of Suki Sushi Pte Ltd, a company in which Mr Lee
was also a shareholder and director. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PBAF p 13, para 31.

Ms Tang was to negotiate a renewal of the lease on behalf of the plaintiff.

20 Ms Tang met the fourth defendant and one Mr Clements Christian (“Mr
Clements”), who was an employee of the second defendant, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Iqbal p 18, paras 37 to 38.

in March 2017 to negotiate the terms of the renewal. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PBAF p 14, para 33.

Mr Clements worked as a cashier, and also carried out administrative tasks
such as making online applications for licenses and taking care of the
insurance requirements for the workers. He also moonlighted as a property
agent, and would help the second to fourth defendants with any tenancy issues.
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Iqbal p 18, para 38; Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 8 lines 24 to 27.

21 Ms Tang secretly made an audio recording of what was discussed at the
meeting (the “Recording”), which she explained was to help her remember the
details of any agreement reached. The transcript of the Recording (the
“Transcript”) captures Mr Clements suggesting to Ms Tang that the rental of
the Property was only S$12,000 per month, and that the monthly rental of
S$30,000 per month that had been paid by the tenants was merely “on paper” to
inflate the value of the Property. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PBAF p 289 paras 9 to 11 and p 297.

This was done to facilitate the sale of the Property at an inflated price by
the first defendant to the plaintiff. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PBAF p 14 to 16, paras 34 to 35.

The plaintiff refers to this revelation as proof of a “conspiracy” between the
defendants.

22 Upon their discovery of the “conspiracy”, the plaintiff sought legal advice
in respect of the defendants’ deceit. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PBAF p 16, para 36.

23 Eventually, the parties could not agree to the revised rental for the
renewal of the tenancy of the Property, and the tenants thus vacated the
Property in May 2017 upon the expiry of the 2013 Lease. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PBAF p 17, para 38.

The defendants’ account

24 With Mr Ng having passed on, the first defendant’s only witness was one Ms
Chew Kooi Choon (“Ms Chew”). She is an administrative staff working for the
first defendant. She had assisted Mr Ng in preparing the 2013 Lease. She
denied having knowledge of any conspiracy between Mr Ng and the tenants to
inflate the rental of the Property in the 2013 Lease. While there was a
substantial increase in rent from the previous tenancy agreement of the
tenants dated 15 April 2011 (“the 2011 Lease”), Ms Chew did point out that the
2011 Lease only let the first storey to the tenants, while the 2013 Lease let
to them the first and second storeys of the Property. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

1DAF paras 1, 7, 11 and 13.

25 Through the evidence of the fourth defendant, the second to fourth
defendants deny the existence of a conspiracy between themselves and the first
defendant. The third defendant did not give evidence. According to the fourth
defendant, this was because his father was recuperating from a fall and had a
heart problem. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Iqbal p 2, para 5 and Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 6 line 17 to p 7 line 1.

26 As regards the alleged inflation in the rent, the fourth defendant’s
evidence was that the tenants were practically forced to take up the 2013
Lease by Mr Ng at the rent of S$30,000 per month. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Iqbal p 6, para 15.

While it was true that the second to fourth defendants wanted to take up a
lease of the second storey to house the restaurant’s foreign workers, they
baulked at the rental that Mr Ng was demanding for both storeys. However,
according to the fourth defendant, they had already by that time incurred
significant costs in renovating the premises so that it could operate as a
restaurant. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Iqbal p 6, para 15.

In this regard, he claimed that about S$250,000 had been spent by them from
2011 to early 2013 to renovate the Property. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Iqbal p 6, para 15; Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 87 lines 14 to 25.

Prior to that, while they had leased the first storey of the Property from the
first defendant since 2007, they had sub-let it to a storekeeper. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 17 lines 20 to 31.

27 So, when in 2013, Mr Ng, who controlled the first defendant, threatened to
evict them unless they agreed to the terms of the 2013 Lease, they felt that
they had little choice. They made a business decision to go ahead with the
lease. They felt that the business could still be run profitably. The tenants
thus signed the 2013 Lease and honoured its terms until expiry. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Iqbal pp 7 to 8, paras 17 to 18.

To demonstrate this, the tenants tendered bank account statements showing
their due payment of the full S$30,000 rent throughout the duration of the
2013 Lease, both to the first defendant and then later to the plaintiff. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Iqbal p pp 8 to 13, para 19; pp 33 to 70.

28 As for the negotiations for the renewal of the tenancy, the fourth
defendant’s evidence was that the plaintiff was reluctant to consider
retaining the same rent of S$30,000 per month, but instead proposed an
increased rent of S$42,000 per month, or S$50,000 per month in the event that
the premises were renovated. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Iqbal pp 13 to 14, para 23.

The second to fourth defendants could not meet the plaintiff’s proposal, and
instead counter-offered renewal of the tenancy at the rental of S$24,000 per
month. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Iqbal p 14, para 24.

The reason given was that the business was not doing as well as before. The
plaintiff was unwilling to accept the tenants’ counter-offer, leaving the
tenants with no choice but to move out. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Iqbal p 14, para 27.

29 As for the September 2016 meeting, the fourth defendant denied under cross-
examination that his father, the third defendant, had ever said at that
meeting that they had only signed the 2013 Lease to help the first defendant
sell the Property. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 97 line 12 to p 98 line 23.

30 With regard to the March 2017 meeting with Mr Clements and Ms Tang, the
fourth defendant’s evidence was that the meeting took place at the restaurant
premises and he was on a phone call for several minutes during the course of
the discussions. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 44 line 29 to p 45 line 26.

As he was on a call, the fourth defendant claimed not to have heard what Mr
Clements said to Ms Tang about the 2013 Lease being signed to help the first
defendant sell the Property. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 116 lines 8 to 10.

Having since reviewed the Transcript and listened to the Recording, he does
not now deny that Mr Clements said what he said to Ms Tang, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 46 lines 1 to 32.

but he completely denies that there was any agreement with the first defendant
to enter into a sham lease arrangement. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 114 lines 15 to 23; p 117 lines 3 to 12.

Instead, his evidence is that he had been forced by Mr Ng to take up the 2013
Lease at the increased rent, and that he had made a “business decision” to do
so in light of, amongst others, the goodwill that had been generated by the
restaurant at the Property. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 93 lines 17 to 20; p 113 line 31 to p 114 line
11.

31 Regardless, the 2013 Lease was never renewed. Thus, on the expiry of the
2013 Lease in May 2017, possession of the first and second storey of the
Property was returned to the plaintiff. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Iqbal pp 16 to 17, para 33.

As at the time of the trial, Har Yasin restaurant now operates at 48A Changi
Road, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 36 lines 26 to 32.

which is adjacent 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 23 lines 22 to 24.

to the Property. The restaurant’s workers are housed at 48C and 48D Changi
Road, which are on the upper levels of the property where the restaurant now
operates. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 29 lines 16 to 17.

Subsequent leases of the Property

32 After the tenants vacated the Property, the Property remained vacant from
15 May 2017 to 31 July 2017. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PBAF p 17, para 39.

33 Thereafter, from 1 August 2017 to 31 July 2018, the first storey of the
Property was leased to a company related to the plaintiff at the rent of
S$25,000 per month. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PBAF p 17, para 40; p 160.

This figure is higher than the S$24,000 rent per month that the tenants were
paying under the 2013 Lease for the first storey.

34 The Property was then vacant from 1 August 2018 to 30 September 2018.
Subsequently, a new tenant of all three storeys of the Property signed a lease
at a rental of S$28,000 per month for a period of two years, commencing on 1
October 2018. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PBAF p 17, para 41; pp 187 to 188.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

35 The plaintiff’s pleaded case is that, sometime before 13 March 2013, that
being the date the tenants signed the 2013 Lease, Ng approached the third and
fourth defendants to propose a scheme to inflate the rental income of the
Property (“the scheme”). Under the scheme, the defendants then executed the
2013 Lease, which would reflect a rental income of twice the normal rental
income of the Property. This was to falsely convey to potential purchasers,
like the plaintiff, that the Property was capable of yielding a higher rental
yield so as to induce potential purchasers to buy the Property. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“SOC”), para 6.2.

36 Pursuant to the scheme, the tenants, who were then paying a rent of
S$12,000 a month for the first storey of the Property, executed the 2013 Lease
with the first defendant. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

SOC paras 6.3 to 6.4.

Induced by the high rental yield as reflected in the 2013 Lease (for the first
and second storeys) and the lease with Golden Sands (for the third storey),
the plaintiff agreed to purchase the Property for S$11m from the first
defendant. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

SOC paras 6.5 to 6.6.

37 The scheme was revealed to the plaintiff by Mr Clements, during the course
of negotiations for the renewal of the second to fourth defendants’ lease of
the Property. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

SOC para 7.3.

38 Accordingly, the plaintiff avers that the first defendant had made a
fraudulent misrepresentation regarding the rental yield of the Property, which
entitles the plaintiff to rescind the contract for the sale and purchase of
the Property and to seek repayment for all monies paid in that regard. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

SOC paras 10, 13(a) and (b).

Further losses claimed by the plaintiff, if rescission of the sale and
purchase of the Property is ordered, include all the stamp duties and fees
incurred in relation to the sale and purchase. The plaintiff also claims its
financing costs paid to its bank, which add up to approximately S$800,000 up
to the time of the trial. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PBAF p 19, para 46(a); Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) p 222, para
366.1.

39 As against all the defendants, the plaintiff further avers that they had
conspired and combined to defraud the plaintiff by inducing the plaintiff to
purchase the Property by way of the fraudulent misrepresentation and the
scheme. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

SOC para 6.

Hence, the plaintiff seeks damages for the losses which it purports to have
suffered by reason of the defendants’ alleged conspiracy.

The defences

40 All the defendants flatly reject the plaintiff’s allegation of the scheme.
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defence of the 1st Defendants (“D1D”) paras 5, 6, 11, 12; 2nd to 4th
Defendants’ Defence (“D24D”) paras 9, 10, 16.

According to the first defendant, the rental yield of the Property was
accurately reflected at S$35,500 per month, being the sum of the rent payable
by the tenants and Golden Sands under their respective leases. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defence of the 1st Defendants (“D1D”) para 7.

41 To prove that the 2013 Lease was not the subject of the scheme as alleged
by the plaintiff, the second to fourth defendants produced a table showing
that both the first defendant and then later the plaintiff “collected upon the
full rental [during the entirety of the 2013 Lease] and there were no cashback
and/or rebates given” to the tenants for the rental. Moreover, the second to
fourth defendants assert that they “were not involved in the property
purchase” by the plaintiff. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

D24D para 24 and Table A.

The issues

42 Reviewing the pleadings, two main issues arise for my consideration: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PCS pp 17 to 18, para 27 and 28.

(a) first, whether the plaintiff is entitled to succeed in its claim for
fraudulent misrepresentation against the first defendant; and

(b) secondly, whether the plaintiff is entitled to succeed in its claim for
conspiracy by unlawful means against all the defendants.

43 The appropriate remedies, if any, and other ancillary issues will be dealt
with under the two broad issues identified.

Fraudulent misrepresentation

44 The tort of fraudulent misrepresentation imposes liability on the
representor for false statements that he has knowingly made and for deceptive
conduct. For the plaintiff to make out its claim against the first defendant
for fraudulent misrepresentation, five elements must be established (Panatron
Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435
(“Panatron”) at [14]):

… First, there must be a representation of fact made by words or conduct.
Second, the representation must be made with the intention that it should be
acted upon by the plaintiff, or by a class of persons which include the
plaintiff. Third, it must be proved that the plaintiff had acted upon the
false statement. Fourth, it must be proved that the plaintiff suffered damage
by so doing. Fifth, the representation must be made with [the] knowledge that
it is false; it must be wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any
genuine belief that it is true.

45 In this case, from the submissions of the parties, I find that the only
areas of real contention in respect of liability for fraudulent
misrepresentation are the following:

(a) whether the first defendant had indeed made a representation to the
plaintiff;

(b) whether any such respresentation was indeed false;

(c) whether the plaintiff then acted upon the representation by relying on it
to enter into the agreement to purchase the Property; and

(d) whether the plaintiff suffered damage as a result of its reliance on the
representation.

46 I do not think that it can be seriously disputed that, if a representation
regarding the rental yield was made by the first defendant, it was one that
was intended for the plaintiff to act upon in its consideration of whether to
purchase the Property.

A representation of fact by words or conduct

47 The plaintiff submits that the operative representation made by the first
defendant to the plaintiff was that the Property would be able to generate a
rental income of S$35,500 per month (the “Representation”). This
Representation was made sometime before the Offer was made, and it was
continuing at all material times. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PCS p 15, para 21.

48 From a review of the evidence, I am of the view that a representation was
made to the plaintiff through the first defendant’s conduct that the Property
was then generating monthly rental income of S$35,500. There is no dispute
that the first defendant had passed copies of the two tenancy agreements to
his property agent for the purposes of marketing the Property for sale. This
had the desired effect. When the Offer was made to buy the Property from the
first defendant, it was expressly stated that the offer was made “subject to
[the] existing tenancy” of “S$35,000”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PBAF p 34.

While the figure in the Offer was S$500 short of the rental yield of the
Property at the material time, the parties were clearly referring to the
combined rental yield generated from the second to fourth defendants and
Golden Sands. Similarly, when the OTP was granted by the first defendant to
the plaintiff, it was expressed that “[t]he Property is sold subject to
existing tenancies currently comprised in the two (2) Tenancy Agreements…”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PBAF p 42, clause 8.

The two tenancy agreements referred to were the tenancy agreements with the
tenants and Golden Sands. Also, in a valuation report provided by Knight
Frank, a property valuer appointed by the plaintiff, on 7 March 2016 (“the
Knight Frank report”), it was stipulated that the subject property was
tenanted as follows: 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 (“1AB”) p 112.

Level| Gross Rent| Expiry  
---|---|---  
1st & 2nd storeys| $30,000/mth| 14 May 2017  
Attic| $5,500/mth| Month-to-month basis  
  
49 I do not find it material that the representation that the Property was
generating monthly rental income of S$35,500 was made by Mr Hau to Mr Lee,
rather than directly from the first defendant. As observed in Thode Gerd
Walter v Mintwell Industry Pte Ltd and others [2009] SGHC 44 at [32], “[t]he
law does not require the representation to be made directly to the plaintiff.
It is sufficient (as was the case here) if the representation is made to a
third person to be communicated to the plaintiff or a class of persons of whom
the plaintiff is one, or even if it is made to the public generally with a
view of it being acted on …”. Ms Chew, who gave evidence on the first
defendant’s behalf, admitted that she had given the two tenancy agreements of
the Property to the first defendant’s property agent to forward to potential
purchasers. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcripts (27 June 2019) p 86, lines 9 to 15 (Ken Bay is the property agent:
same transcript, p 26, lines 6 to 7).

Hence, regardless of how Mr Lee came to know of the tenancy agreements which
showed that the rental yield of the Property was S$35,500 per month, such
information undoubtedly emanated from the first defendant, and was fully
intended for potential purchasers of the Property like the plaintiff.

50 It was also immaterial that the representation that the Property was
generating a monthly rental income of S$35,500 had been made before the
incorporation of the plaintiff. As Steven Chong J (as he then was) held in
Goldrich Venture Pte Ltd and another v Halcyon Offshore Pte Ltd [2015] 3 SLR
990 at [42]:

… It does not matter that the entity bringing the suit did not exist at the
time the representation was first made so long as the representation was
intended to be communicated to the representee and, having been so
communicated, was an operative factor in its mind at the time it was relied on
… [emphasis in original]

51 The next question is whether a representation that the Property was then
generating monthly rental income of S$35,000 is also tantamount to
representing that the Property would be able to generate rental income of
S$35,500 monthly, which is the precise manner in which the Representation has
been pleaded. I find that the use of the word “would” creates ambiguity. It
may suggest a thing that may happen in the future. Having said that, in my
judgment, a commonsensical understanding by a potential buyer on being shown
the two tenancy agreements was that the Property was generating a monthly
rental income of S$35,500 and that the tenancies were genuine. In other words,
by making the two tenancy agreements available to potential purchasers like
the plaintiff and or Mr Lee, the first defendant was effectively stating that
“this building is capable of generating monthly rental income of S$35,500, as
shown by the two tenancies in place, which are genuine agreements”. In that
limited sense, I am prepared to accept that a representation of fact that the
Property would be able to generate monthly rental income of S$35,500 was
indeed made by the first defendant.

52 However, insofar as the plaintiff is suggesting that the first defendant
had represented that the Property would be able to generate a monthly rental
income of S$35,000 after the expiry of the 2013 Lease, such a representation
would in effect amount to a warranty as to the future rent of the Property,
after the 2013 Lease had expired. Such a representation would amount to a
statement as to something that would happen in the future, and would not be an
actionable representation, since a “representation is a statement which
relates to a matter of fact, which may be a past or present fact” [emphasis
added] (Tan Chin Seng and others v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd [2003] 3 SLR (R)
307 (“Tan Chin Seng”) at [12]; The Law of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang
Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“The Law of Contract”) at para
11.029).

53 By way of illustration, in Tan Chin Seng, certain representations were made
in promotional materials sent to a “chosen few” prior to the launch of a
proprietary social club, which suggested that members who signed up would be
part of an exclusive group. After the club opened, the appellants experienced
crowdedness at the club premises, and it was subsequently discovered that the
club had admitted 19,000 of such “exclusive” founder members. The appellants
sued for misrepresentation and breach of contract. The Court of Appeal found
that the statements in the promotional materials were not representations of
fact, as they pertained to “matters as to the future”, and were instead
“future promise[s]” (Tan Chin Seng at [17] and [21]), in which the proper
cause of action laid not in an action for misrepresentation, but for the
breach of an implied term of the contract.

54 In this case, it has not been pleaded that the Representation amounted to a
breach of a promise. Instead, the plaintiff’s case against the first defendant
rests solely on the allegation that the Representation amounted to a
fraudulent misrepresentation. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

See SOC.

If the plaintiff meant to say that the Representation included a warranty
about the future rental yield of the Property, such would not be actionable as
a misrepresentation.

55 In any event, and more importantly, I am fortified in my view that the
Representation did not include a representation as to the future rental yield
of the Property because the only information or representation which emanated
from the first defendant were the tenancy agreements. Such tenancy agreements
would not have been understood by a reasonable commercial buyer of the
Property as an assurance as to the amount of rental income that was obtainable
on the Property in the future after the expiry of the tenancy agreements
(which included the 2013 Lease). Put simply, a reasonable buyer would not
expect, through being shown the existing tenancy agreements to a property, to
be given a warranty that the rental yield would never go down. The rent
obtainable is quite obviously dependent on a wide variety of factors,
including market forces which are beyond the seller’s control.

56 Therefore, I find that the Representation was made, although it bears
emphasis that such the Representation did not extend to a warranty or a
promise relating to the rental yield after the expiry of the 2013 Lease. As
stated earlier, I also find that the Representation was made with the
intention that it be acted upon by potential purchasers, such as the
plaintiff. As Ms Chew explained, the tenancy agreements were given to the
first defendant’s property agent to forward to potential purchasers. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcripts (27 June 2019) p 86, lines 9 to 15 (Ken Bay is the property agent:
same transcript, p 26, lines 6 to 7).

In the OTP, it was then made clear that the sale of the Property would be
subject to the tenancy agreements. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PBAF p 42, clause 8.

Whether the Representation was false and made with the knowledge that it was
false

57 In my view, the plaintiff’s case faces great difficulty in relation to the
issue of falsity of the Representation.

58 In this regard, the plaintiff’s definition of the Representation is
crucial. As the plaintiff explained in its closing submissions: 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PCS p 141, paras 218 to 219.

It is not disputed that the [p]laintiff received the rental stated in the
[2013 Lease] from [the tenants] for the duration of the term of the [tenants’]
tenancy at the Property. The [d]efendants solely rely on this to support their
case that they had at all material times complied with the terms of the [2013
Lease], that there was no fraud or misrepresentation of any kind, and that the
[p]laintiff therefore got what it had bargained for.

With respect, the [d]efendants have missed the point. The [p]laintiff’s case
is not that there was a breach of the terms of the [2013 Lease]. Far from it –
the [p]laintiff’s case has always been that the [first defendant] fraudulently
misrepresented to the [p]laintiff that the Property was capable of generating
a rental income of S$35,500.00 when it would ordinarily not have done so
without the [d]efendants’ connivance. …

[emphasis added]

59 The plaintiff’s case is premised on the first defendant having represented
that the Property was capable of generating a rental income of S$35,500 per
month, when in truth the rental income generated at the time of the sale had
been artificially inflated as a result of the alleged scheme it had entered
into with the second to fourth defendants. Put another way, the plaintiff
asserts that the first defendant had utilised the inflated rent which it
obtained from the tenants and Golden Sands, which added up to S$35,500 per
month, to give the false impression that the Property was in fact capable of
generating such a monthly rental yield, when that was in reality not actually
possible.

60 The plaintiff refers to the discussion between Ms Tang and Mr Clements.
During the course of their negotiations for the renewal of the 2013 Lease on
the plaintiff’s and the tenants’ behalves, the following was recorded:

[Tang]:| … honestly speaking, my boss is looking at -- on paper, our 30,000
rental. And he’s expecting at least that or more. 86

##### Foot Note 86

× PBAF p 318. […]  
---|---  
[Clements]:| … In the first place, I told [the tenants] not to sign [the 2013
Lease] but then [Mr Ng] said must sign to help him sell the unit. Because if
[Mr Lee] had bought the unit and [Mr Lee] had seen a rental of 12,000, he will
never buy the unit. What is the (inaudible)? 0 point something per cent? 87

##### Foot Note 87

× PBAF p 333.  
[Tang]:| I haven’t calculated but it will be so low he won’t buy. Yah.  
[Clements]:| Correct. So when they started marketing the place, they had to
increase on paper, like what you say, to show and cheat --  
[Tang]:| But it’s --  
[Clements]:| \-- and deceive people.  
[Tang]:| \-- it’s not really on paper only but we are actually co[ll]ecting
this rental, what.  
[Clements]:| Now.  
[Tang]:| Yah.  
[Clements]:| Of course. Because originally, rental is 12,000 but he had to
double it. You see, when you are buying something for investment, right. 88

##### Foot Note 88

× PBAF p 334.  
  
61 The plaintiff argues that, apart from the exchange quoted above (at [60]),
the fourth defendant also admitted at this meeting with Ms Tang and Mr
Clements that there was a scheme to “cheat” the plaintiff. In fact, the
plaintiff alleges that the tenants had acknowledged this scheme as early as
the September 2016 meeting with Mr Lee, when the third defendant is supposed
to have said that the 2013 Lease was only entered into to help the first
defendant sell the Property. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PCS p 165, para 254.4.

62 Further, the plaintiff argues that it made no commercial sense for the
tenants to have agreed to the 2013 Lease as they had an ongoing lease with the
first defendant, the 2011 Lease. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PCS pp 138 to 139, paras 212 to 213.

Under the 2011 Lease, the tenants were only liable to pay up to S$15,000 per
month to the first defendant for the first storey of the Property. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

1DAF p 30.

Furthermore, the 2011 Lease, which was to expire in May 2014, included a
clause which limited the rate of rental increment: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

1DAF p 30.

The terms of [the 2011 Lease] shall be THREE (3) years for Lease Period and
THREE (3) years Optional Period. The rental increment during the Optional
Period shall be between 10% to 15% on the discretion of the [first defendant].

63 Yet, before the expiry of the 2011 Lease, the tenants “incredulously (sic)
agreed” to the 2013 Lease, 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PCS p 138, para 212.

under which they would have to pay S$30,000 per month on rent for the first
and second storeys of the Property. This, according to the plaintiff, supports
its case that the tenants acted in concert with the first defendant to
fraudulently misrepresent to the plaintiff that the Property was capable of
generating a monthly rental income of S$35,500 when it could not ordinarily
have done so. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PCS pp 141 to 142, para 219.

64 With regard to the falsity of the representation, there are several
problems with the plaintiff’s arguments. As observed in The Law of Contract at
para 11.056:

A misrepresentation is simply a representation that is false or untrue. To be
actionable, the plaintiff must allege and prove that the representation was
false. A true statement, even one made with the malicious intent of causing
harm, is not actionable as a misrepresentation. A statement is false when the
facts as asserted do not correspond with the facts as they exist. … [emphasis
added]

65 An actionable misrepresentation is a representation that is untrue.
However, the operative representation here, which the plaintiff defined as
“[t]he [first defendant’s] representation to the [p]laintiff that the Property
would be able to generate a rental income of S$35,500 per month”, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PCS p 9.

was not untrue.

Truth of the Representation when the Offer was made

66 The Representation of the rental yield of the Property was first made to Mr
Lee (and by extension, to the plaintiff) when he received, through Mr Hau,
information about the Property and its rental yield. At the time, there were
in fact two subsisting tenancies for the Property, such that, as per the
Representation made, the monthly rental yield was indeed S$35,500. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

PBAF pp 27 and 31.

Therefore, at the time the Offer was made, the Representation made by the
first defendant as to the Property’s rental yield was not false.

Vacation of the third storey

67 Sometime in February 2015, Golden Sands quit its monthly tenancy and
vacated the third storey of the Property as a result of a notice from the
SCDF. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

1DAF pp 62 to 63, 145; Transcripts (27 June 2015) p 6 lines 22 to 32.

Despite this, on 18 March 2015, the first defendant granted the plaintiff with
an OTP to purchase the Property, subject to the tenancies with Golden Sands
and the tenants. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

PBAF p 42, clause 8.

68 Almost a year later, on 7 March 2016, the Knight Frank report continued to
state that the Property was tenanted to two tenants, and that it generated a
monthly gross rent of S$35,500 per month. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 (“1AB”) p 112.

It is obvious that Knight Frank, who had been appointed by the plaintiff, had
not been informed that the month-to-month tenancy with Golden Sands was no
longer subsisting.

69 In Yokogawa Engineering Asia Pte Ltd v Transtel Engineering Pte Ltd [2009]
2 SLR(R) 532 at [12], Judith Prakash J (as she then was) made the following
observations:

… As observed in [Piers Feltham, Daniel Hochberg and Tom Leech, Spencer Bower,
The Law Relating to Estoppel by Representation (Lexis Nexis UK, 4th Ed, 2004)]
at para III.4.7, there is a duty to correct a continuing representation that a
party knows to be incorrect:

… There is such a duty of correction: to disclose a previous fraud by the
silent party in relation to the subject matter of the contemplated transaction
with the representee, not to be economical with the truth so as to mislead,
and to correct a continuing representation subsequently revealed to the silent
part to be untrue or rendered untrue by supervening events.

…

[emphasis in original removed, emphasis added in bold italics]

70 Hence, a representor is obliged to correct a previously made and still
operative representation that was true when made, but which had been rendered
untrue by subsequent events. But, as stated in The Law of Contract at para
11.063, “[a] misrepresentation that is sufficiently corrected before the
representee acts on it will obviously no longer be actionable. This is
because, once corrected, there is no longer any misrepresentation.”

71 The plaintiff claims that the first defendant failed to inform the
plaintiff of the circumstances surrounding Golden Sands’ vacation of the
Property, despite “knowing full well that this would materially change the
rental yield of the Property”. According to the plaintiff, given the issues
that led to Golden Sands’ vacation, “the valuation of the Property must
naturally be lower than the S$11 million purchase price.” It is therefore
submitted that the first defendant’s alleged silence relating to Golden Sands’
vacation can only be attributable to the fact that the first defendant
intended to benefit from the plaintiff’s misapprehension. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PCS p 127, para 199.

72 During cross-examination, Ms Chew explained that the plaintiff had been
informed that Golden Sands had vacated the third storey of the Property. The
plaintiff then informed the first defendant that, if the third storey was to
be rented out, the first defendant would “have to go through [the plaintiff]”.
101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcripts (27 June 2019) p 108, lines 27 to 31.

This only made sense since the plaintiff had been issued the OTP in respect of
the Property and would be concerned with how much rental income it could
expect from renting out the third storey before deciding whether to exercise
the OTP.

73 Consistent with the above, the plaintiff’s own evidence was that before the
OTP was exercised, Mr Lee had been informed by Mr Hau that the third storey
was no longer tenanted. Nonetheless, Mr Lee “was not too concerned that the
[t]hird [s]torey was vacant” as Mr Hau had assured him that he could just look
for another tenant. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PBAF pp 9 to 10, paras 16 to 17; Transcripts (25 June 2019) p 44 line 30 to p
45 line 4; p 46 lines 9 to 14.

As such, subsequently on 12 February 2016, the plaintiff exercised the OTP.
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

PBAF pp 8 to 9, paras 13 to 14.

74 The fact that Knight Frank’s valuation report of 7 March 2016 still
reflected that there were two ongoing tenancies does not assist the plaintiff
because it simply means that the plaintiff or its property agent had, for
reasons best known to themselves, neglected to inform Knight Frank about the
cessation of the tenancy on the third storey of the Property. This can be the
only sensible explanation given Mr Lee’s unequivocal admission in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief that “[s]ometime … before [the plaintiff] had
exercised the Option to Purchase [in February 2016], Mr Hau told me that the
Third Storey was no longer tenanted since the tenant who was occupying the
third storey at the Property had moved out”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PBAF p 9, para 16.

75 I thus find that the change in circumstances concerning Golden Sands’ lease
of the third storey was communicated to the plaintiff. It was fully aware
before the exercise of the OTP, let alone the completion of the sale of the
Property, that the rental yield of the Property at that time was only S$30,000
and not S$35,500 per month. There was therefore no operative misrepresentation
relating to Golden Sands’ tenancy and the rental yield of the Property at the
time of completion.

Rent fully paid under 2013 Lease

76 The plaintiff pleads that the 2013 Lease was “bogus” and that it
“reflect[ed] a rent twice that of the normal rent of the Property in order to
inflate the projected rental yield of the Property”. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

SOC para 8.1.

However, it is undisputed that, after the plaintiff purchased the Property, it
received the full rental payment of S$30,000 per month from the tenants until
the expiry of the 2013 Lease. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

PCS p 141, para 218.

Significantly, the plaintiff’s pleaded case was simply that the 2013 Lease was
a “Bogus Tenancy Agreement”, which reflected a rent “twice that of the normal
rent of the Property”; 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

SOC paras 6.4 and 8.1.

it was not pleaded that the tenants received kickbacks or subsidies from the
first defendant for the monthly rental payments.

77 In any event, there is also no evidence before me of any such improper
payments by the first defendant to the second, third or fourth defendants.
Quite the contrary, in the Transcript, the fourth defendant made clear to Ms
Tang that “what we are saying is we have already paying out of our pocket
(sic). We (inaudible) from the business” [emphasis added]. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

PBAF p 342, lines 5 to 7.

This statement was made in the context of negotiations between the fourth
defendant and Ms Tang for the renewal of the 2013 Lease, and was followed
immediately with the fourth defendant informing Ms Tang that, despite
“suffering every month” due to his poor business, he was paying the plaintiff
the rent timeously every month. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

PBAF p 342, lines 11 to 18.

These statements preceded the commencement of the present suit. In my view,
they clearly show that the evidence contradicts the plaintiff’s belated
allegation that the tenants somehow received kickbacks from the first
defendant to support what is asserted to be the artificially inflated rent
under the 2013 Lease. Instead, while the tenants were “suffering” in light of
business conditions, they continued to pay “out of [their] pocket[s]”.

78 That being the case, it is not possible for me to arrive at a conclusion
that the 2013 Lease was “bogus”, as alleged. The rent may have been high, but
the plaintiff has not proven that the tenancy agreement was not genuine. I
would also add that there was no expert evidence presented by the plaintiff to
show that the monthly rent of S$30,000 per month for the first and second
storeys of the Property was much higher than the market rate of similar
properties in the vicinity. Put another way, the plaintiff has not shown that
the monthly rental of S$30,000 was not a realistically achievable rent for the
Property. Evidence of such nature might have lent more credence to the
allegation that the rent of S$30,000 was artificially inflated.

79 Therefore, the Representation that the Property would be able to generate
rental income of S$35,500 was simply not false – as represented, the Property
generated a monthly rent of S$35,500 at the time the Offer was made. After
Golden Sands moved out, the rental yield of the Property fell to S$30,000 per
month. However, as the plaintiff admits, the change in circumstances were
known to the plaintiff, who decided nonetheless, on Mr Hau’s assurance, to
continue with the purchase of the Property as it was assumed that another
tenant could easily be found to occupy the vacant third storey. Hence, any
representation relating to the rental yield of the Property was true, and
there is thus no operative misrepresentation to speak of.

Mr Clements’ statements to Ms Tang

80 In my judgment, Mr Clements’ statements to Ms Tang, which suggests that the
quantum of rent had been misstated, does not change the fact that the
Representation was at all times true. As Ms Tang herself sceptically observed
in her conversation with Mr Clements when told that the rent in 2013 Lease was
only “on paper”, the full rent of S$30,000 per month was always paid by the
tenants. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PBAF pp 342 to 343.

Thus, without more evidence to support Mr Clements’ assertion that the first
defendant had “cheated” the plaintiff by artificially inflating the rental
yield of the Property, it is difficult to abscribe much weight to Mr Clements’
statements (see [60] above). Mr Clements’ statements to Ms Tang were also
inaccurate in several respects. For example, Mr Clements’ assertion that the
rental was doubled from S$12,000 a month 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

PBAF p 334.

was incorrect, as the rent under the 2011 Lease was S$13,000, S$14,000, and
S$15,000 per month for the years 2011 to 2012, 2012 to 2013, and 2013 to 2014
respectively. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

1DAF p 30.

Mr Clements also asserted that one Ken Bay, who was the first defendant’s
agent in the sale of the Property, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcripts (25 June 2019) p 32, lines 2 to 4.

was also acting as Mr Lee’s agent. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PBAF p 336.

This was wrong, as Mr Lee himself admitted that he only dealt with Mr Hau, his
agent, and that he never dealt with any representative of the first defendant.
115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Transcripts (25 June 2019) p 40, lines 11 to 13 and lines 22 to 29.

All this suggests that a more plausible explanation for Mr Clements’
allegation of the first defendant’s “cheating” was that it was an attempt to
negotiate a lower rent for the tenants, who he was trying to portray as
victims of the alleged “cheating” as well. After all, Ms Tang herself admitted
that she had told the tenants that the plaintiff had other offers of tenancy
for the Property, when in truth there were none. This was part of her
“negotiation strategy” to push up the renewal rent. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcripts (26 June 2019) p 71 line 26 to p 72 line 14.

81 Having reviewed the Transcript of the conversation carefully, I do not find
that Mr Clements’ statements are sufficient by themselves to show that the
Representation was untrue. Not only are his statements unsupported by
independent evidence showing that the rental yield far exceeded that of
comparable properties in the vicinity, they are directly contradicted by the
fact that the rent under the 2013 Lease was fully and timeously paid by the
tenants, and there is no evidence (eg, evidence of payments having been partly
or fully funded by the first defendant, through kickbacks or otherwise) to
suggest that the 2013 Lease was not genuine. Despite having been pressed
heavily on the allegation of kickbacks during cross-examination, the fourth
defendant was adamant and clear that the tenants “never got any kickback,
anything like that, never.” 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 124, line 31.

At end, there was simply insufficient evidence to conclude that the
Representation relating to the rental yield of the Property was untrue.

Alleged admissions by the tenants at the September 2016 and March 2017
meetings

82 I am unable to accept the plaintiff’s submission that the third defendant
had admitted at the September 2016 meeting with Mr Lee that they had entered
into the 2013 Lease only to help the first defendant sell the Property at an
inflated price. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PCS p 165, para 254.

First of all, this alleged admission was not pleaded by the plaintiff. This is
exactly the type of allegation that ought to be pleaded because it would
otherwise take the second to fourth defendants by surprise. Since the
allegation was never pleaded, the fourth defendant can hardly be faulted for
not challenging this allegation in his own affidavit of evidence-in-chief. In
fact, this allegation made its first appearance in the affidavit of evidence-
in-chief of Mr Lee. Relying on the fourth defendant’s silence on this issue in
his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, the plaintiff argues that the defendants
had conceded and accepted the plaintiff’s version of what had transpired at
the September 2016 meeting – namely, that the tenants had admitted to entering
into the 2013 Lease to help the first defendant sell the Property at an
inflated price. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PCS p 165, para 254; Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 51 line 15 to p 52 line 3.

I find this argument to be disingenuous and decidedly unconvincing.

83 During cross-examination, the fourth defendant gave evidence that his
father never made any such admission at the September 2016 meeting with Mr
Lee. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 97 line 12 to p 98 line 23.

Having assessed his credibility and the events that followed that meeting, I
accept this evidence. Mr Lee’s own conduct is inconsistent with any such
admission being made. If he was indeed told of a scheme by the defendants in
September 2016 to cheat him, I would be very surprised that he took no action
at all in the months that followed to find out more about the scheme or to
seek legal redress. Instead, his instructions were for Ms Tang to continue to
negotiate a renewal of the tenancy with the third and fourth defendants, which
she did in March 2017.

84 As for the March 2017 meeting between the fourth defendant, Ms Tang and Mr
Clements, my review of the Transcript, the Recording and the evidence of Ms
Tang and the fourth defendant under cross-examination, leads me to find that
the fourth defendant did not acknowledge or confirm Mr Clements’ statements
that there was a scheme to cheat the plaintiff.

85 While it might sound convenient, it does indeed appear true that, for
several minutes during the meeting, the fourth defendant was engaged in a
phone call. This is discernible from the fact that, in the Recording, the
fourth defendant can clearly be heard speaking to someone in Tamil throughout
the period when Mr Clements was detailing the alleged scheme to Ms Tang. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Voice Recording of Discussion at 11:02 to 15:00.

The fourth defendant only returned to the discussion with Ms Tang and Mr
Clements and started speaking in English after Mr Clements had outlined the
scheme to Ms Tang. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Voice Recording of Discussion at 15:34.

This lends some credibility to his evidence that he was not listening when Mr
Clements spoke about the plaintiff being cheated by the first defendant. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 44 lines 29 to 31 and p 116, lines 8 to 10.

86 Furthermore, while the fourth defendant was an active participant
throughout the discussions, it can be seen from the Transcript that he
provided no input while Mr Clements was giving details about the alleged
scheme to Ms Tang. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PBAF pp 332 to 339.

A review of the Transcript shows that he re-joined the discussions abruptly,
and that he had a different idea of what the alleged “cheating” referred to.
This requires some elaboration. According to the fourth defendant, the first
defendant had informed the tenants that they could use the third storey of the
Property as an office and that the relevant permission from the authorities
had been obtained. Relying on this assurance, the tenants renovated and
occupied the third storey as an office, but they were then promptly ordered by
the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”) to move out as no permit had in fact
been granted to the first defendant (“URA’s order”). The tenants were thus
required by URA to demolish the office, and were out of pocket because the
first defendant did not compensate them. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Iqbal pp 6 to 7, para 16.

87 Prior to the fourth defendant re-joining the discussions, Mr Clements was
suggesting to Ms Tang that the rental for all three storeys of the Property
was not genuine. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PBAF p 337.

Mr Clements then started recounting the circumstances surrounding URA’s order.
127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PBAF pp 338 to 339.

At this point, the fourth defendant re-joined the conversation, and he
explained that, on the day of URA’s order, the Property was “such a messy
place”. He followed this up by checking with Mr Clements about the condition
of the third storey, to which Mr Clements replied that it was “[a]ll cleaned
up”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PBAF p 339.

In this context, the fourth defendant then said: 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PBAF p 340 lines 21 to 24.

That – that time (inaudible) cheat people like this, you know. That is why the
problem is he had cheated and they are, like, caught. We don’t know what to
do.

In response, Ms Tang tried to bring the conversation back to the point about
the scheme, and the alleged “sham” tenancies which Mr Clements had earlier
alluded to: 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PBAF p 341, lines 1 to 5.

Okay, so we are now caught in a situation where [Mr Lee] believe whatever
that’s put in writing, you see. It was represented to him that this is the
rental that he is supposed to collect, you see.

The fourth defendant then explained that the tenants had been paying their
monthly rent promptly and consistently, and made no direct response to Ms
Tang’s suggestion that the tenancy agreement was “on paper” only. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

PBAF pp 341 to 343.

88 Reviewing the above conversation in the Transcript, it can be seen that,
while the “cheating” the fourth defendant was speaking of related to the first
defendant’s alleged assurances that the relevant permission from the
authorities had been secured to utilise the third storey as an office, the
“cheating” Ms Tang was referring to related to the 2013 Lease. The parties
were thus clearly speaking at cross purposes.

89 There are also parts of the discussion where the fourth defendant was
attempting to convince Ms Tang that the business of the restaurant was not
doing as well as before, and that was why they could not afford to pay as much
rent for any renewed tenancy. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

PBAF p 321 lines 2 to 9; p 360, lines 15 to 24; Voice Recording of Discussion
at 03:02 – 03:04.

This is consistent with the fourth defendant’s position that he was seeking a
lower rental because of changed financial circumstances and not because the
2013 Lease was a sham arrangement under which the tenants never paid S$30,000
in rent. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Iqbal p 20, paras 42 to 43.

90 Under cross-examination, Ms Tang also made several concessions that
undermined the plaintiff’s submission that the fourth defendant had confirmed
the existence of the scheme at this meeting. She accepted that one part of the
Transcript had been improperly quoted in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief,
which then gave the wrong impression that the scheme pertained not only to the
first and second storeys, but also to the third storey of the Property. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

PBAF p 299, para 19.

In fact, in the quoted portions, Mr Clements was relating the incident about
the fourth defendant being “cheated” by the first defendant because he had
been misled into incurring expenditure to change the third storey of the
Property to an office, which was wasted because of URA’s order. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcripts (26 June 2019) p 103, lines 23 to 29;

This has been explainied at [86].

91 Ms Tang also accepted that she had quoted part of the Transcript out of
context when she said that the fourth defendant had asked her to convey to Mr
Lee that he should “let go” of the fact that he had been cheated, 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

PBAF p 300, para 20.

when in fact, the fourth defendant was telling her to tell Mr Lee that he
should “let go” of his demand for a higher renewal rent. This was because the
preceding part of the conversation centred around the fourth defendant’s
explanations about the business being bad and that the tenants could not
afford to pay such a high rent after the expiry of the 2013 Lease. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcripts (26 June 2019) p 106 lines 9 to 20; p 106 line 30 to p 107 line 1.

92 For the above reasons, I find that the fourth defendant cannot be taken to
have acknowledged or agreed with what Mr Clements had stated about the scheme.

No adverse inference is to be drawn

93 I also do not find that any adverse inferences ought to be drawn against
the second to fourth defendants because of their failure to call Mr Clements
as a witness for the trial. In its closing submissions, the plaintiff argues
that Mr Clements “could have provided a cogent and coherent explanation as to
why he made the statements he made” to Ms Tang, and “whether he had any basis
to do so.” 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PCS p 54, para 103.

As such, the plaintiff invites the Court to infer that, if Mr Clements had
been called as a witness, he would have given evidence that would be
detrimental to the second to fourth defendants’ case, in particular on why he
had said to Ms Tang that the plaintiff or Mr Lee had been “conned” and or
“cheated”. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

PCS pp 55 to 56, para 105.

94 As the Court of Appeal observed in Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan
Trading Co Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407 at [50]:

… Whether or not in each case an adverse inference should be drawn depends on
all the evidence adduced and the circumstances of the case. There is no fixed
and immutable rule of law for drawing such inference. Where, as was the case
here, the trial judge is of the view that the plaintiffs themselves had not
made out their claim to the requisite standard, then no drawing of an adverse
inference against the defendants is necessary. The drawing of an adverse
inference, at least in civil cases, should not be used as a mechanism to shore
up glaring deficiencies in the opposite party’s case, which on its own is
unable to meet up to the requisite burden of proof. Rather, the procedure
exists in order to render the case of the party against whom the inference is
drawn weaker and thus less credible of belief. [emphasis added]

95 The plaintiff has failed to show that the Representation as to the rental
yield of the Property was false, which is a key element of making out its
claim in fraudulent misrepresentation. That being the case, it was not open to
the plaintiff to then attempt to meet its burden of proof by urging this court
to draw adverse inferences against the second to fourth defendants.

96 In any case, the plaintiff’s submission is also misplaced. As the second to
fourth defendants submit, it was entirely open to the plaintiff to call Mr
Clements as a witness. However, the plaintiff failed to do so. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

2nd to 4th Defendants’ Closing Submissions (“2DCS”) pp 90 to 91, para 219.

The second to fourth defendants had made clear during their answers to the
plaintiff’s interrogatories that the Transcript accurately recorded what Mr
Clements said to Ms Tang (ie, to the effect that the plaintiff had been
cheated by the first defendant). 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Documents Relating to Plaintiff’s Interrogatories Issued on the 2nd to 4th
Defendants pp 32 to 33.

They were not challenging that Mr Clements said what he said. It was thus
unnecessary for the tenants to call Mr Clements as a witness. If the plaintiff
intended to establish the facts which they are now inviting the court to infer
from Mr Clements’ absence, it was open to the plaintiff to subpoena Mr
Clements as a witness, and to lead evidence or cross-examine him as to the
reasons for his statements to Ms Tang. After all, it is the plaintiff’s burden
to establish its case that the 2013 Lease was “bogus”.

97 For similar reasons, I also decline to draw any adverse inferences against
the second to fourth defendants for their failure to provide unredacted
versions of their bank account statements. According to the plaintiff, the
tenants’ redaction of their bank account statements and withholding of the
discovery of their personal bank accounts casts serious doubts about whether
the tenants had received any cashbacks or rebates for the monthly rent under
the 2013 Lease. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

PCS p 153, para 234.

However, as explained above at [76]–[78], the point about rebates or kickbacks
was not even part of the plaintiff’s pleaded case, and thus, strictly
speaking, was not even an issue in dispute. Furthermore, the plaintiff has not
tendered any evidence showing that the 2013 Lease was “bogus”, or represented
an unrealistic rent in the market conditions, such that a kickback may have
been required.

Legitimate reasons for entering into the 2013 Lease

98 I also find that the tenants had legitimate reasons to enter into the 2013
Lease, even though it resulted in a significant increase of the rent
chargeable under the 2011 Lease, the latter of which expressly limited any
rental increment to “between 10% to 15%” only. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

1DBAF p 30.

99 First, while the rental was increased in the 2013 Lease, the tenants also
enjoyed an increased use of the Property as a result. As the tenants submit, a
comparison of the 2011 Lease and the 2013 Lease reveals that the phrase “and
residential units of known as 44A & 46A Changi Road … (second floor units
only)” 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

PBAF pp 26 to 27, clause 1, compare with 1DBAF pp 29 to 30, clause 1.

was inserted into the 2013 Lease showing that, in addition to the first
storey, the second storey was also being let under the 2013 Lease. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

2DCS p 84, para 205(ii).

To add, while the 2011 Lease permitted the tenants to utilise the Property
“strictly as an EATING HOUSE only”, 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

1DBAF p 32.

the 2013 Lease extended the tenants’ use of the Property, such that it could
be used “as an EATING HOUSE and RESIDENTIAL UNITS” 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

PBAF p 28.

[emphasis in original removed]. According to the fourth defendant, this was
useful as the tenants required more space to provide housing for its workers,
a number of whom were foreigners. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 81 line 23 to p 82 line 14.

100 Furthermore, as the fourth defendant explained during cross-examination,
the tenants had factored in their goodwill in the Property, as well as the
fact that they could use and afford a bigger space at the time, as part of
their reasons for entering into the 2013 Lease: 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 113 line 26 to p 114 line 11.

Court: ---why is it that you---you had certain rights under the agreement of
2011. They can only---Mr Ng can only increase your rent by a certain amount.
Why---he wants to know why you so easily gave up that right and agreed to pay
more. That’s the question that he wants to---you to answer it.

Witness: That---that---that---that’s why I answered earlier, Your Honour. We
thought about it and within---like I said, at that time, we could have---we
have a bigger space and can make---get to happen---make it to happen like we
can pay that amount. And second, earlier, I told you it’s a business decision
we make. Because we are---again, the same thing, Your Honour, that---that the
place and we are already there and we are---our name is there, our goodwill is
there and---and then---with that strength, we had paid the rent completely for
them, Your Honour. For both of them. So that’s why we---we could manage to pay
the rent also for every---all the---

Q You see---

Witness: ---agreement for that, Your Honour.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

101 Additionally, I accept that the tenants spent a not insignificant sum in
renovating the premises to make it suitable for the restaurant. In this
regard, while the precise amount spent on renovations was not supported by any
documentary evidence, I find that the fourth defendant had been candid and
forthright in his testimony, as seen from the following exchange: 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 89 line 1 to p 90 line 7.

Q ---to suit your needs as a restaurant, did you spend over a period of time
or did you right at 2011, “Here’s 250,000” to the contractor and do everything
one shot? Very simple question I’m asking you, Mr Iqbal.

A Yah, I know but the---the major lump---like we---we have said here, over the
years, we were there so it’s like we---major---

Q Over a period of time, okay.

A Ah, all---so---yah.

Q Thank you. You see, what I am concerned is that there is no evidence you
have provided in this trial before this Court to support this statement that
you’ve incurred 250,000 in renovation cost. You see, I look at it, I said you
“over 250,000”, no invoice, no contract with contractors, no invoices from
suppliers; most importantly, no invoice for the supply and installation of a
(sic) expensive exhaust system, nothing. All I have is your bare assertion on
affidavit – “I spent over 250,000”, that’s all I have, you agree?

A Disagree. Yah, yah, I---affidavit, yes, Your Honour, agree, I don’t have it,
I didn’t provide.

Q So it---you might as well say you spent 500,000 because nobody is the wiser,
am I right?

…

Court: ---no one will know unless you provide the documentation. That’s what
he’s saying. So do you agree with that? Yes?

Witness: 250,000, yah, invoices we are---yah, we have not produced the
invoices but the---we know it was around that range, 500 would be too much to
say.

…

[emphasis added]

102 In my view, the amount that the tenants had expended on renovating the
premises factored into their decision-making process when the tenants decided
to enter into the 2013 Lease. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Iqbal p 6, para 15.

103 Viewing the circumstances in totality, I accept that the tenants made a
business decision to accept the higher rent under the 2013 Lease, even though
it was higher than what the first defendant was entitled to charge, given the
rent-increment ceiling under the 2011 Lease. The business decision took into
account the goodwill they had generated from operating at the premises, the
fact that they would further enjoy the use of the second storey of the
Property, that they could still afford to pay the higher rent and remain
profitable, as well as the fact that they had incurred renovation expenses in
relation to the Property. Therefore, I do not accept that the circumstances
surrounding the tenants’ entry into the 2013 Lease necessarily casts doubt
about the truthfulness of the Representation.

104 For the reasons above, I find that the plaintiff has not discharged its
burden of proving that the Representation was false.

Substantial contribution to decision to purchase

105 My findings above as to the truthfulness of the Representation is
sufficient to dispose of the plaintiff’s claim for fraudulent
misrepresentation. Nonetheless, assuming arguendo that the Representation was
false, I will deal with the issue of whether the Representation substantially
contributed to the plaintiff’s decision to purchase the Property.

106 In Raiffeisen Zentralbank Osterreich AG v Archer Daniels Midland Co and
others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 196 (“Raiffeisen”), the court observed that the alleged
misrepresentation need not be the sole factor which induced the plaintiff into
entering into the transaction. Instead, all that is required is for the
misrepresentation to have “substantially contributed” to deceiving the
plaintiff (Raiffeisen at [55], citing Clerk & Lindsell on Torts (Anthony M
Dugdale & Michael A Jones gen eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2006) at para
18-32).

107 As explained by Stephenson LJ in JEB Fasteners Ltd v Marks Bloom & Co
[1983] 1 All ER 583 at 589 (cited with approval in Raiffeisen at [56]), “as
long as a misrepresentation plays a real and substantial part, though not by
itself a decisive part, in inducing a plaintiff to act, it is a cause of his
loss and he relies on it…” [emphasis added].

108 In his evidence in chief, Mr Lee explained that Mr Hau had called him to
inform him about the Property, and how it was an “excellent investment
opportunity.” Following Mr Hau’s call, Mr Lee had several meetings with Mr Hau
to discuss the investment potential of the Property. During the meetings, Mr
Hau informed Mr Lee that the second to fourth defendants were “good tenants
who had been leasing the Property for a long time, and that they always paid
their rent on time”. Furthermore, the third storey was being rented by Golden
Sands. Based on what Mr Hau told him about the rental income from the Property
and its long term tenants, Mr Lee considered the Property to be an attractive
investment, and he thus agreed to purchase the Property at S$11m. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

PBAF pp 6 to 8, paras 6 to 10.

109 When Mr Lee was cross-examined, he explained that he relied on Mr Hau’s
advice even though there had not been any valuation of the Property at the
time “because [Hau] was the one who suggested it and also based on the
rental.” 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcripts (25 June 2019) p 41, lines 3 to 14.

110 Along with Mr Hau’s representations, which did not emanate from the first
defendant, Mr Lee was also content with relying on his own “experience”. He
claimed that he had 30 years’ of experience as a property investor and had
purchased six to seven coffee-shops in Singapore as investments. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Transcripts (26 June 2019) p 20 lines 1 to 14.

According to Mr Lee, prior to making the Offer, he had personally visited the
Property, and observed that the tenants operated a 24-hour coffee shop, which
business was “doing alright”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Transcripts (25 June 2019) p 52, lines 20 to 30.

Armed with these observations, Mr Lee anticipated that the Property’s rental
yield or value would increase over time. Thus, he could either make a profit
by selling it off, or he could turn it into a “long-term money-making
business”. This was because he considered that the tenants had occupied the
premises for about a decade, and that they were “good operator[s]”. Given
their lengthy occupation of the premises, Mr Lee believed that they would
continue with their lease after it had expired. Hence, if he could make the
tenants pay a monthly rental of “40 or 50 thousand per month” after he
incurred some capital expenditure in refurbishing the Property, he would be
able to make a profit of “about 7, 8 thousand a month”, after deducting the
plaintiff’s monthly mortgage repayments of S$42,000 on the Property. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Transcripts (25 June 2019) p 59, lines 9 to 25.

This was a key factor for Mr Lee because his evidence was that, based on the
existing rental paid by the second to fourth defendants under the 2013 Lease,
he knew that the plaintiff would not receive sufficient rental to cover the
plaintiff’s monthly payments to the bank. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Transcripts (26 June 2019) p 21 lines 15 to 19.

It was thus important for the plaintiff to be able to raise the rental
significantly for the first and second storeys going forward and to also find
a tenant for the third storey.

111 As such, the purchase price of S$11m was thus arrived at after Mr Lee
considered a multitude of factors, with the rental yield of S$35,500 per month
being but one of the many factors considered: 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcripts (25 June 2019) p 60 line 23 to p 61 line 14.

Q So when you made the offer for 11 million, how did you contemplate financing
the purchase? Out of your own pocket?

A We have always been selling and purchasing coffee shops. So we would know
the approximate price based on experience.

…

Q Right. So when you are making the offer for 11 million, that is a figure
that you worked out with Richard Hau?

A Richard Hau gave his opinion. We also had some conclusions based on our own
experience. Most importantly, we saw that the coffee shop was running for 24
hours and they had been a long time operator.

Q So would I be right to say then your decision to purchase [the Property] was
governed by these two factors, the fact that you were getting that rental of
about 30,000 a month and you had a long time operator, meaning the 2nd to 4th
defendants.

A Yes, and that the rental could be increased to more than 40,000 after the
contract has ended.

Q Right. That is an assessment you made or Richard made? Or both of you?

A He told me that---Richard said that as well and I also made my own
assessment based on experience.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

112 As seen from the above, the most important factor appeared to be the
stability guaranteed by the tenants, who were long time operators at the
Property. The importance of having a “long time operator” in the tenants was
explained by Mr Lee as being consistent with his “long-term” plan for the
Property: 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Transcripts (25 June 2019) p 59, lines 1 to 15.

Q Now, you said “long-term investment”. What are we talking about? How does
the shareholder get his money back or get the returns back?

A Usually in such cases, as Singapore is so small, the price will increase
maybe 8 or 10 years later.

Court: Price of?

Witness: The property price. Then we can sell the property.

Q Okay. So, your intention ultimately was to allow the property to appreciate
and then to sell it off?

A We can sell it or we can treat it as a long-term money-making business.

Q Then when you say “money-making”, what are we referring to?

A So if they can give me 40 or 50 thousand per month and after deducting my
payments to the bank every month about 42,000, I can still make about 7, 8
thousand a month. That’s an assumption.

Q Yes.

A I don’t really know how to put it. But we saw that it was a good operator.

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

113 In my judgment, while the rental income being generated by the Property at
the material time was not the most important factor, it nonetheless
contributed substantially to the plaintiff’s decision to purchase the
Property. It was based on the fact that the second to fourth defendants were
paying S$30,000 per month that Mr Lee formed the view, based on his
“experience” and Mr Hau’s recommendation that, since the tenants were “good
operators”, they would eventually be prepared to stay on and pay up to
S$40,000 to S$50,000 in rent each month after the Property was refurbished.
This made the Property a good investment from the perspective of the
plaintiff. Hence, even when the rental income fell to S$30,000 before the OTP
was issued, the plaintiff continued with its purchase of the Property at the
price of S$11m, without renegotiating its offer. I therefore find that the
element of reliance on the Representation is made out on the facts of the
case.

114 I should add that, from my analysis of Mr Lee’s evidence, he made a number
of assumptions about the second to fourth defendants, which turned out to be
erroneous. He assumed that the tenants would be prepared to pay significantly
higher rent (in the region of S$40,000 to S$50,000) if the plaintiff renovated
the building. But, as became clear during his discussions with the tenants
before and after he completed the purchase of the Property, they did not think
that there was any need for any renovations for the Property, and they were
not prepared to pay such a high rent (see [16]–[17] above). Mr Lee also
assumed that the second to fourth defendants would definitely want to stay on
as tenants given their long association with the Property. But, he did not
seem to appreciate that the second to fourth defendants could move to
alternative premises just a few doors away, if they really could not afford
the rent being demanded for the Property. The unchallenged evidence of the
fourth defendant was that, at various times, his and the third defendant’s
businesses had use of leased premises at not only the Property, but also at
48A, 48C, 48D and 58 Changi Road, which were all within close vicinity of the
Property. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Transcripts (28 June 2019) p 31, lines 6 to 26.

Whether damage has been suffered

115 Again, assuming arguendo that the Representation is false and that it
contributed substantially to the plaintiff’s decision to purchase the
Property, I will also deal with the issue of whether the plaintiff has shown
that it has suffered loss as a result of its reliance on the Representation.
On this issue, I find that there are serious evidential difficulties with the
plaintiff’s case.

116 In Kea Holdings Pte Ltd and another v Gan Boon Hock [2000] 2 SLR(R) 333,
the Court of Appeal observed at [39] that “it is trite law that the person
against whom a tort has been committed must prove that he has suffered actual
damage.” Similarly, it has been observed that “[t]he fact of damage is an
essential element of a claim based on the tort of deceit. This can be
contrasted with a claim for breach of contract where the fact of damage is not
an element of the claim, and nominal damages can be recovered in the absence
of damage or where damages cannot be proved on a balance of probabilities”
[emphasis added]: Oriental Investments (SH) Pte Ltd v Catalla Investments Pte
Ltd [2013] 1 SLR 1182 at [65].

117 On the facts, it has not been proven that the plaintiff suffered loss in
the rental income received. The alleged misrepresentation was that the
Property was capable of generating rental income of S$35,500 per month. This
amount fell to S$30,000 after Golden Sands vacated the premises, but the
plaintiff remained content with proceeding with the purchase of the property.
The main difficulty for the plaintiff is the fact that the S$30,000 rent was
actually paid in full and punctually by the second to the fourth defendants
until the expiry of the 2013 Lease. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Iqbal pp 8 to 13, para 19.

It cannot therefore be argued that the plaintiff suffered any loss of the
rental income attributable to the Representation (which related to the rental
yield of the Property) for the period that the 2013 Lease subsisted. As for
the period thereafter, it bears emphasising that the Representation did not
operate as a warranty as to the quantum of rent obtainable in the future.

118 The plaintiff has argued that it overpaid for the Property as a
consequence of its reliance on the Representation. The plaintiff’s case is
that it purchased the Property at the price of S$11m on the basis that the
rental income payable under the 2013 Lease was indeed S$30,000. Assuming that
the rent was “bogus”, in that it was artificially inflated for the purposes of
inducing the plaintiff to buy the Property, there is no expert evidence before
me as to what then would have been the actual market value of the Property.
The material times would be when the plaintiff offered to purchase the
Property for S$11m in November 2014, and when he eventually exercised the OTP
in February 2016. The onus is on the plaintiff to establish that he overpaid
for the Property and thus show that he suffered some loss in the form of the
overpayment. But, no expert evidence was led as to the true market value of
the Property at the material times. Thus, the plaintiff has also failed to
show that it has suffered loss in relation to the value of the Property.

119 In totality, for all the reasons above, I therefore find that the
plaintiff’s claim in fraudulent misrepresentation is flawed in several
important aspects and must fail.

Conspiracy

120 Turning to the claim in conspiracy against all four defendants, the Court
of Appeal explained in EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik
Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 at [112] that, to
succeed in an unlawful means conspiracy claim, a plaintiff must show that:

(a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful;

(d) the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

121 The plaintiff’s claim in unlawful means conspiracy is fraught with much of
the same difficulties that plague its claim in fraudulent misrepresentation.

122 The plaintiff’s case in conspiracy is premised on the scheme, under which
it is alleged that the first defendant entered into an arrangement with the
second to fourth defendants to artificially inflate the rental income of the
Property so as to induce potential purchasers like the plaintiff to purchase
the Property. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

SOC, para 6.2.

123 However, given my finding that the 2013 Lease was not a “bogus” one (at
[76]–[79] above), and that the tenants had legitimate reasons to enter into
the lease (at [98]–[103] above), it is clear that the defendants did not
combine together to inflate the rental income of the Property so as to cause
damage to the plaintiff. My finding that there was no fraudulent
misrepresentation made to the plaintiff also renders the claim in conspiracy
untenable. There was no unlawful act to speak of.

124 Furthermore, even if a conspiracy is proven, the plaintiff has not shown
how it has suffered any loss, whether in rental income or in the loss of value
of the Property, which would have been the alleged result of said conspiracy.
The same difficulties that afflict the claim for fraudulent misrepresentation
apply here (see [117]–[118] above).

125 Therefore, for the above reasons, the claim in conspiracy is also
dismissed.

Conclusion

126 In conclusion, for the reasons above, I find that there are no merits to
the plaintiff’s claims against the defendants, and they are accordingly
dismissed. There is therefore no need to consider the appropriate quantum of
damages, or whether rescission ought to be ordered.

127 I will deal with the issue of costs separately.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge

Subramanian s/o Ayasamy Pillai, Joel Wee Tze Sing and Roe Ervin Jun Zhi
(CNPLaw LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Chen Shujun (Ong & Co LLC) for the first defendant;  
Joseph Ignatius and Suja Susan Thomas (Ignatius J & Associates) for the second
to fourth defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

