Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 246

Suit No 17 of 2020

(Registrar’s Appeal No 119 of 2020)

(Summons No 1299 of 2020)

Between

| Quek Jin Oon  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Goh Chin Soon  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Bills of Exchange and Other Negotiable Instruments] — [Summary judgment]

[Civil Procedure] — [Mareva injunctions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Quek Jin Oon

  
v

  

Goh Chin Soon

[2020] SGHC 246

High Court — Suit No 17 of 2020 (Registrar’s Appeal No 119 of 2020, and
Summons No 1299 of 2020)  
Dedar Singh Gill J  
4 August 2020

10 November 2020

Dedar Singh Gill J:

1 The plaintiff’s action (the “Suit”) is premised upon five post-dated cheques
which the defendant drew and delivered to him (the “defendant’s cheques”). The
said cheques were for a total sum of S$3m and were dishonoured upon
presentation. Pending the determination of the Suit, the plaintiff filed the
present Summons No 1299 of 2020 (“SUM 1299”) for an interim Mareva injunction
against the defendant. The plaintiff also successfully applied to the
assistant registrar (“AR”) below under O 14 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) for summary judgment in respect of his claim
for the entire S$3m. The defendant then filed the present Registrar’s Appeal
No 119 of 2020 (“RA 119”) against the AR’s decision.

2 At the hearing on 4 August 2020 (“Hearing”), I dealt with both RA 119 and
SUM 1299 together and made the following orders:

(a) For RA 119, I granted the plaintiff summary judgment for S$2.5m of his
claim. By the parties’ consent, I also granted the defendant leave to defend
against the plaintiff’s remaining claim for S$500,000, on the condition that
the defendant furnish security of the same amount by way of a banker’s
guarantee within two weeks. In the meantime, an undertaking previously given
by the defendant not to deal with or dispose of certain assets (the
“Undertaking”) was to remain in effect. I will elaborate on this Undertaking
later below. I also awarded costs of S$6,000 (all-in) to be paid by the
defendant to the plaintiff.

(b) For SUM 1299, I made no order on the application.

3 The defendant has appealed my decision of 4 August 2020. I now set out my
grounds of decision.

Background

4 The plaintiff and the defendant are private individuals. Between April and
November 2019, the plaintiff extended five loans (“the Loans”) totalling S$3m
to the defendant. The plaintiff disbursed each of the said Loans by way of a
cheque (for the loan amount), as set out in the table below:

Loan| Loan Amount | Overseas-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC”) Bank Cheque No.| Date Disbursed   
---|---|---|---  
1st Loan| S$500,000| Cheque No. 750386 (“plaintiff’s 1st cheque”) | 23 April 2019  
2nd Loan| S$1m| Cheque No. 750387 (“plaintiff’s 2nd cheque”)| 30 May 2019  
3rd Loan| S$500,000| Cheque No. 750389 (“plaintiff’s 3rd cheque”)| 11 July
2019  
4th Loan| S$500,000| Cheque No. 750395 (“plaintiff’s 4th cheque”)| 21 August
2019  
5th Loan| S$500,000| Cheque No. 750406 (“plaintiff’s 5th cheque”)| 27 November
2019  
  
The five aforementioned cheques were all drawn in favour of, duly delivered
to, and successfully encashed by the defendant. They are collectively referred
to as the “plaintiff’s cheques”.

5 In exchange for the plaintiff’s Loans, the defendant drew the five post-
dated defendant’s cheques in favour of the plaintiff. As mentioned, the said
cheques were also for a total sum of S$3m and delivered to the plaintiff. They
are described in further detail in the table below:

S/N| Bank Cheque No.| Amount | Bank| Date of Cheque  
---|---|---|---|---  
1\. | Cheque No. 000171 (“defendant’s 1st cheque”)| S$500,000| Citibank Singapore Ltd (“Citibank”) | 31 August 2019  
2\. | Cheque No. 000265 (“defendant’s 2nd cheque”)| S$1m | Citibank | 31 August 2019  
3\. | Cheque No. 000346 (“defendant’s 3rd cheque”)| S$500,000| Citibank | 31 August 2019  
4\. | Cheque No. 000366 (“defendant’s 4th cheque”)| S$500,000| Citibank | 31 October 2019  
5\. | Cheque No. 005032 (“defendant’s 5th cheque”)| S$500,000| HSBC Bank (Singapore) Limited (“HSBC”) | 30 November 2019  
  
6 On 23 December 2019, the plaintiff presented the defendant’s cheques to his
bank, OCBC, for payment. The following day, all five cheques were dishonoured
and returned marked by OCBC. The reason stated for the return was “Refer to
Drawer”.

7 By way of a letter dated 2 January 2020, the plaintiff’s counsel informed
the defendant that the defendant’s cheques had all been dishonoured. In his
defence, the defendant admitted that he had received “due notice of dishonour”
in respect of the said cheques.

8 On 7 January 2020, the plaintiff commenced the Suit against the defendant
for the payment of S$3m, being the total sum unpaid under the defendant’s
cheques. The plaintiff’s claim in respect of the defendant’s 1st to 4th
cheques (for S$2.5m) is hereinafter referred to as the “S$2.5m Claim” and his
claim in respect of the defendant’s 5th cheque (for S$500,000) is referred to
as the “Remaining Claim” (collectively, the “Claim”). The plaintiff also
sought interest on the S$3m, pursuant to s 57 of the Bills of Exchange Act
(Cap 23, 2004 Rev Ed) (“BEA”) and/or s 12 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999
Rev Ed) (“CLA”), as well as costs.

9 On 18 March 2020, pending the determination of the Suit, the plaintiff filed
his application in SUM 1299 for an interim Mareva injunction. He sought to
restrain the defendant from removing, disposing of, dealing with and/or
diminishing the value of any of the latter’s assets in Singapore up to the
value of S$3m. This prohibition was to include:

(a) a property at Grange Road (“Grange Road property”) of which the defendant
was the registered proprietor, or if the said property had already been sold,
the net proceeds of sale (after the payment of any mortgages);

(b) the defendant’s shares in two companies, one of which was a company in
liquidation, Grandlink Group Pte Ltd (“Grandlink”); and

(c) the defendant’s Citibank and HSBC bank accounts

(the assets above are collectively referred to as the “Listed Assets”).

10 SUM 1299 was first heard by me on 23 March 2020. Although the plaintiff had
made the application on an ex parte basis, the defendant’s counsel was also
present at the hearing. I was minded to grant the ex parte application as
there appeared to be an attempt by the defendant to dissipate his assets. I
bore in mind the fact that once the interim Mareva injunction was granted, it
would still be open to the defendant to subsequently seek a discharge of the
same. The defendant’s counsel, however, asked for the matter to be adjourned
so that it could be heard on an inter partes basis instead. To this end, the
defendant gave the Undertaking (mentioned at [2(a)] above) that he would not
deal with or dispose of any of the Listed Assets, until SUM 1299 was decided
on the aforesaid basis. On the defendant’s Undertaking, I adjourned the matter
for an inter partes hearing.

11 Before the adjourned hearing, the plaintiff applied for summary judgment
under O 14, r 1 of the ROC in respect of his entire Claim. As previously
stated, the AR below granted the plaintiff’s application on 15 June 2020. She
also awarded the plaintiff interest on the S$3m under s 12 of the CLA from the
date of issue of the writ to the date of judgment or payment, and costs of
S$10,000. The defendant then filed RA 119 against the whole of the AR’s
decision. On his part, the plaintiff continued with his application in SUM
1299 in anticipation of the possibility that the defendant might be granted
leave to defend the whole or any part of the Suit.

The summary judgment application in RA 119

The plaintiff’s case

12 In brief, the plaintiff’s account of events was as follows:

(a) The parties have known each other for a long time and were former business
associates. Sometime in April 2019, the defendant approached the plaintiff for
help with various financial difficulties that the defendant had. These
difficulties related, inter alia, to outstanding legal fees for divorce and
criminal proceedings that the defendant was mired in, as well as outstanding
payments on the balance purchase price of two properties that he had. The
defendant represented that he would solve these difficulties by end-August
2019 and that he would be put in funds following the settlement of a certain
dispute between his company, Grandlink, and the Chinese government (“PRC
dispute”). In the meantime, however, the defendant said that he needed a
“bridging” loan of S$2m. Out of sympathy, the plaintiff agreed to make the 1st
to 3rd Loans, totalling S$2m, to the defendant between April and July 2019.
The plaintiff disbursed the said Loans by way of the plaintiff’s 1st to 3rd
cheques. As security for these Loans, the defendant gave the plaintiff a
diamond-studded watch and a “Cartier” bracelet sometime in April 2019.

(b) Subsequently, the defendant continued to seek further loans from the
plaintiff. The plaintiff decided to return the watch and bracelet to the
defendant so that the latter could raise funds with them. This, however, did
not put an end to the defendant’s requests for further help, which the
plaintiff eventually acceded to again in August 2019. At the time, the
defendant further assured the plaintiff that the former would soon receive
moneys in relation to the PRC dispute. The plaintiff thus extended the 4th
Loan of S$500,000, which he disbursed by way of the plaintiff’s 4th cheque.

(c) Between August and November 2019, the plaintiff refused to entertain any
further requests for financial help by the defendant. However, on 26 November
2019, after the defendant explained his ongoing financial difficulties to the
plaintiff in person, the latter once again agreed to help. The plaintiff
agreed to extend the 5th Loan of S$500,000 to the defendant and disbursed it
by way of the plaintiff’s 5th cheque on 27 November 2019.

(d) During this period of time, the defendant also drew and delivered the five
defendant’s cheques to the plaintiff with a view to repaying the 1st to 5th
Loans. Sometime in December 2019, the plaintiff met with the defendant and his
lawyer to find out more about the PRC dispute. After the meeting, the
plaintiff did not feel confident about the defendant’s ability to recover
moneys from the PRC dispute. He thus asked the defendant to repay the Loans,
but this was to no avail. That was when the plaintiff presented the
defendant’s cheques for payment, at which point the said cheques were
dishonoured.

13 Against the above backdrop, the plaintiff’s case was a straightforward one.
According to him, he had granted the 1st to 5th Loans personally to the
defendant on an “interest-free” basis purely out of goodwill. Contrary to the
defendant’s allegations, as set out in the next sub-section, the plaintiff had
not extended the Loans for any mercenary, commercial purposes. The defendant’s
cheques had been drawn and delivered for the purpose of repaying the Loans.
Since the said cheques had been dishonoured upon due presentment, the
plaintiff was simply seeking to enforce the defendant’s obligations as the
drawer. The plaintiff’s position was that he was entitled to summary judgment
as the defendant had not raised any real defences to his Claim.

The defendant’s case

14 The defendant’s main defence was as follows. He admitted that the plaintiff
had disbursed the Loans totalling S$3m to him by way of the plaintiff’s 1st to
5th cheques. However, contrary to being “interest-free” loans made out of
goodwill, the Loans had in fact been advanced for two related illegal
purposes.

15 As regards the 1st to 4th Loans totalling S$2.5m, and the S$2.5m Claim for
the same amount, the defendant claimed that the parties had entered into an
oral agreement around April 2019 (“First Agreement”). He pleaded the following
particulars regarding the said agreement:

(a) Between April and August 2019, the plaintiff advanced the 1st to 4th Loans
to the defendant for the illegal purpose of funding mediation proceedings
between the defendant and the Chinese government (“PRC mediation”) in relation
to the PRC dispute (“first alleged purpose”).

(b) Pursuant to this illegal purpose, the defendant was to pay the proceeds of
any settlement between him and the Chinese government into a bank account with
the Bank of Singapore (“BoS bank account”). This BoS bank account had been
opened by the defendant in his own name, with the assistance of the
plaintiff’s relationship manager from the bank, Mr Max Yeo. Mr Yeo had been
introduced to the defendant by the plaintiff. Unknown to the defendant,
however, the plaintiff had entered into a secret arrangement (“referral
arrangement”) with the Bank of Singapore. Pursuant to the said arrangement,
the plaintiff would earn an undisclosed referral fee in the event that the BoS
bank account was successfully funded with any settlement proceeds from the PRC
dispute.

(c) Around early April 2019, the parties also agreed that “the [p]laintiff’s
performance of the first alleged purpose was to be secured” by the defendant’s
1st to 4th cheques. The plaintiff’s encashment of the said cheques was,
however, conditional on the proceeds of any settlement being paid into the
designated BoS bank account (the “first condition precedent”).

16 In respect of the 5th Loan of S$500,000 and the Remaining Claim for the
same amount, the defendant’s response was as follows. Sometime in November
2019, it became clear that the PRC mediation was not going to lead to a
settlement. The plaintiff then attempted to persuade the defendant to vary the
First Agreement. The terms of the new proposed agreement (the “Proposed Second
Agreement”) were pleaded as follows:

(a) The plaintiff would extend a sum of $500,000 to the defendant for the
illegal purpose (the “second alleged purpose”) of funding a proposed
arbitration between the defendant and the Chinese government (“PRC
arbitration”) in relation to the PRC dispute.

(b) The plaintiff would incorporate a special purpose vehicle to take control
of the proposed PRC arbitration by designating and instructing the lawyers who
would act in the arbitration proceedings.

(c) The sum to be recovered by the defendant in the proposed PRC arbitration
was to be no less than RMB 1bn, and the net proceeds were to be shared between
the plaintiff and defendant in a proportion to be agreed upon.

(d) The plaintiff’s performance of this second alleged purpose was to be
“secured” by the defendant’s 5th cheque drawn in favour of the plaintiff. The
encashment of the said cheque was, however, conditional on the conclusion of
the proposed PRC arbitration and the division of the proceeds thereof in the
proportion to be agreed upon (“proposed second condition precedent”).

This Proposed Second Agreement was, however, never entered into.

17 In light of the above, the defendant pleaded that the First and Second
Proposed Agreements are void and unenforceable because they are illegal and/or
contrary to public policy. First, the Agreements involved illegal third-party
litigation funding (“Illegal Litigation Funding Defence”). Alternatively, the
Agreements involved the plaintiff lending the defendant a sum of money in
consideration of a larger sum being repaid. This larger sum was to be obtained
in the form of:

(a) the secret referral fee that the plaintiff would earn from the Bank of
Singapore in the case of the First Agreement; and

(b) the proportion of the proceeds that the plaintiff would receive from the
proposed PRC arbitration under the Proposed Second Agreement.

Thus, the plaintiff was said to be acting illegally as an unlicensed
moneylender under the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 2010 Rev Ed) (“MLA”)
(“Illegal Moneylending Defence”).

18 Assuming that the First Agreement and Proposed Second Agreement
(collectively, the “Agreements”) were not illegal and unenforceable, the
defendant also raised a secondary defence. Specifically, he pleaded that the
first condition precedent and proposed second condition precedent had not been
fulfilled, and the plaintiff was therefore not entitled to encash the
defendant’s cheques (“Condition Precedent Defence”).

19 The defendant took the position that his defences (as set out above) raise
triable issues. He thus sought unconditional leave to defend against the
plaintiff’s entire Claim.

The applicable law and issues to be determined

20 The legal principles which govern the grant of summary judgment under O 14,
rr 1 and 3 of the ROC are well-settled. As Judith Prakash J (as she then was)
held in M2B World Asia Pacific Pte Ltd V Matsumura Akihiko [2015] 1 SLR 325
(“M2B”) (at [17]–[18]):

(a) The burden lies on the plaintiff to first show that he has a prima facie
case for summary judgment. If he fails to discharge this burden, his
application will be dismissed.

(b) If, however, the plaintiff establishes a prima facie case, the “tactical
burden” then shifts to the defendant to establish that there is a fair or
reasonable probability that he has a real or bona fide defence. A complete
defence need not be shown; the defendant need only show that there is a
triable issue or question or that, for some other reason, there ought to be a
trial.

21 It is trite law that a court will not grant leave to defend if all the
defendant provides is a mere assertion, contained in an affidavit, of a given
situation which forms the basis of his defence (M2B at [19], citing Prakash J,
as she then was, in Prosperous Credit Pte Ltd v Gen Hwa Franchise
International Pte Ltd [1998] 1 SLR(R) 53 at [14]). As explained by Sundaresh
Menon JC (as he then was) in Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as South
Kerala Cashew Exporters) v Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 856 (at
[39]), whilst a summary judgment application is not to be dealt with as if it
were a trial on affidavits, it does not mean that anything stated in the
affidavits is to be accepted without rational consideration to determine if
there is a fair or reasonable probability of a real defence. The court does
not have to treat every affidavit filed in summary judgment proceedings as
truthful and take them at face value when perhaps every probability and
circumstance might point to the contrary (Singapore Civil Procedure 2020, vol
1 (Chua Lee Ming editor-in-chief) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2019) at para 14/4/5).

22 The defendant’s position must accordingly be articulated with “sufficient
particularity and supported by cogent evidence” (per Simon Thorley IJ in B2C2
Ltd v Quoine Pte Ltd [2018] 4 SLR 1 at [5]). If the assertions in the
affidavit are equivocal, lacking in precision, inconsistent with undisputed
contemporary documents or other statements from the same deponent, or
inherently improbable in themselves, the court will not grant leave to defend
(M2B at [19], citing Bank Negara Malaysia v Mohd Ismail [1992] 1 MLJ 400).

23 Having set out the applicable legal principles above, the issues to be
decided in RA 119 were as follows:

(a) Whether the plaintiff had a prima facie case (“Issue 1”).

(b) Whether the defendant had raised any triable issues such that he should be
granted leave to defend (“Issue 2”).

(c) Whether the defendant should be granted conditional or unconditional leave
to defend (“Issue 3”).

Issue 1: Whether the plaintiff had a prima facie case

24 I was satisfied that the plaintiff had established a prima facie case in
respect of his entire Claim, which is premised on the defendant’s dishonoured
cheques. It is well-settled that a bill of exchange constitutes a separate
contract, and creates obligations for the drawer and rights for the drawee
that are independent of any underlying transaction pursuant to which the bill
is issued. Hence, the payee is entitled to frame its claim as resting on the
bill alone. As stated by the Court of Appeal in Wong Fook Heng v Amixco Asia
Pte Ltd [1992] 1 SLR(R) 654 (at [13]):

… It is the general rule that a bill of exchange evidences a contract separate
and distinct from the original and underlying contract in pursuance of which
the bill is executed. It does not depend for its enforcement on the
performance of the original contract. A bill of exchange, once given, is to be
treated as cash and ‘is to be honoured unless there is some good reason to the
contrary’ (per Lord Denning MR in Fielding & Platt Ltd v Selim Najjar [1969] 1
WLR 357 …

[emphasis in bold added]

The statement, emphasised in bold above, is known as the cash equivalence
principle.

25 Bearing in mind the above principles, I set out the relevant provisions of
the BEA which apply to cheques:

Bill of exchange defined

3.—(1) A bill of exchange is an unconditional order in writing, addressed by
one person to another, signed by the person giving it, requiring the person to
whom it is addressed to pay on demand or at a fixed or determinable future
time a sum certain in money to, or to the order of, a specified person, or to
bearer.

(2) An instrument which does not comply with these conditions, or which orders
any act to be done in addition to the payment of money, is not a bill of
exchange.

…

Delivery

21.— …

(3) As between immediate parties, and as regards a remote party other than a
holder in due course, the delivery —

(a) in order to be effectual must be made either by or under the authority of
the party drawing, accepting or indorsing, as the case may be;

(b) may be shown to have been conditional or for a special purpose only, and
not for the purpose of transferring the property in the bill.

…

Presumption of value and good faith

30.— (1) Every party whose signature appears on a bill is prima facie deemed
to have become a party thereto for value.

…

(3) If in an action on a bill it is admitted or proved that the acceptance,
issue, or subsequent negotiation of the bill is affected with fraud, duress,
or force and fear, or illegality, the burden of proof is shifted, unless the
holder proves that, subsequent to the alleged fraud or illegality, value has
in good faith been given for the bill.

…

Liability of drawer or indorser

55.—(1) The drawer of a bill, by drawing it —

(a) engages that on due presentment it shall be accepted and paid according to
its tenor, and that if it be dishonoured, he will compensate the holder or any
indorser who is compelled to pay it, provided that the requisite proceedings
on dishonour be duly taken;

(b) is precluded from denying to a holder in due course the existence of the
payee and his then capacity to indorse.

…

Measure of damages against parties to dishonoured bill

57. Where a bill is dishonoured, the measure of damages, which shall be deemed to be a liquidated amount, shall be as follows:

(a) the holder may recover from any party liable on the bill, and the drawer
who has been compelled to pay the bill may recover from the acceptor, and an
indorser who has been compelled to pay the bill may recover from the acceptor
or from the drawer, or from a prior indorser —

(i) the amount of the bill;

(ii) interest thereon from the time of presentment for payment if the bill is
payable on demand, and from the maturity of the bill in any other case;

…

…

Cheque defined

73.—(1) A cheque is a bill of exchange drawn on a banker payable on demand.

(2) Subject to this Part, the provisions of this Act applicable to a bill of
exchange payable on demand apply to a cheque.

[emphasis in bold added]

26 As stated in s 73(1) of the BEA, a cheque is a type of bill of exchange.
The provisions in the BEA that apply to a bill of exchange payable on demand
also apply to a cheque (see s 73(2)). This is subject to the modifications in
Part III of the BEA, none of which are relevant for our present purposes.

27 On their face, the defendant’s cheques satisfy the statutory definition of
a cheque set out in s 73(1) read with s 3 of the BEA. Given that the
defendant’s signature appears on each of the defendant’s cheques, he is prima
facie deemed to have become a party thereto for value (see s 30(1) of the
BEA).

28 Following s 55 of the BEA, upon drawing the defendant’s cheques, the
defendant engaged that on due presentment, the cheques would be accepted and
paid according to their tenor, and that if they be dishonoured, he would
compensate the holder (ie, the plaintiff). For the plaintiff to enforce this
statutory engagement, however, the defendant’s cheques must also have been
unconditionally delivered to him (see s 21 of the BEA). In this regard, the
defendant’s Condition Precedent Defence is relevant. By the aforesaid defence,
it appeared to me that the defendant was in effect contending that the
delivery of the defendant’s cheques (and not just their “encashment”) was
conditional on the fulfilment of the first condition precedent and the
proposed second condition precedent (see s 21(3)(b) of the BEA). If this
contention is correct, then as long as the said condition precedents have not
been fulfilled, the plaintiff would not have title to the defendant’s cheques
or the right to sue on them.

29 In Millennium Commodity Trading Ltd v BS Tech Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 58
(“Millennium Commodity”) (at [69]–[70]), Vinodh Coomaraswamy J set out the
following views (with which I respectfully agree):

69 … [T]he fundamental question under s 21(3)(b) [of the BEA] is in my view
whether a transferor intends without qualification to confer title to the
cheque upon the transferee.

70 A transferor must also communicate this intention clearly to the
transferee: Yeow Chern Lean at [43]; Byles ([32] supra) at para 9–005. This is
an objective test to be satisfied by the party who claims that such an
intention exists. Whether a communication is sufficiently clear will depend on
the circumstances of the case. But as a general rule, strong evidence will
need to be shown to demonstrate that the transferor of a bill of exchange did
not intend for title to the bill to pass to the transferee with delivery.
These strict requirements are necessary to preserve commercial efficacy, in
service of which the principle of cash equivalence exists. …

[emphasis added]

30 I was not convinced that the Condition Precedent Defence prevented the
plaintiff from prima facie establishing his right to sue on the defendant’s
cheques. Nor was I persuaded that the said defence had raised any triable
issues. Bearing in mind the reasoning of the High Court in Millennium
Commodity, I took the following views:

(a) In relation to the S$2.5m Claim, where the defendant alleged that the
first condition precedent was part of the First Agreement, there was
insufficient evidential basis supporting the existence of the First Agreement
and the first condition precedent for all the reasons discussed at [44]–[58]
below.

(b) As for the Remaining Claim, the Condition Precedent Defence was not
tenable on account of the points made at [59]–[60] below. Essentially, the
proposed second condition precedent was alleged to be part of the Proposed
Second Agreement. Both parties, however, accepted that the said agreement was
never even entered into, and neither party was seeking its enforcement. As
such, the question of whether the proposed second condition precedent existed
(but was not yet fulfilled) did not even arise for consideration. In any
event, the proposed second condition precedent did not feature in any of the
documentary evidence adduced (as discussed at [63]–[70] below). From an
evidential perspective, it had no prospect of succeeding either.

Accordingly, I accepted that the defendant’s delivery of the defendant’s
cheques to the plaintiff was unconditional.

31 When the defendant’s cheques were dishonoured by non-payment upon
presentment, an “immediate right of recourse” against the defendant accrued to
the plaintiff (see s 47 of the BEA). As I stated earlier, the defendant
admitted that he had received due notice of dishonour (which the plaintiff was
required to give under s 48 read with s 49 of the BEA). Pursuant to s 57 of
the BEA, the plaintiff was thus prima facie entitled to liquidated damages of
S$3m, being the total amount of the defendant’s cheques.

Issue 2: Whether the defendant raised any triable issues such that he should
be granted leave to defend

32 An application for summary judgment on a dishonoured cheque will succeed,
unless the defendant raises an arguable case of fraud, illegality or a total
or quantified partial failure of consideration (see Millennium Commodity at
[58]). In the present case, the defendant raised the Illegal Moneylending
Defence, as well as the Illegal Litigation Funding Defence. These defences
sought to establish that the defendant’s cheques were affected by illegality,
and that under s 30(3) of the BEA, the burden ought to be on the plaintiff to
show that value had in good faith been given for the said cheques. I discuss
the two defences in turn.

(1) Illegal Moneylending Defence

33 I start with the defendant’s Illegal Moneylending Defence in relation to
both (a) the plaintiff’s 1st to 4th Loans and the S$2.5m Claim; as well as (b)
the plaintiff’s 5th Loan and the Remaining Claim. I was of the view that this
defence raised no triable issues in relation to either claim.

34 The relevant provisions of the MLA are set out below:

Interpretation

2. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

“excluded moneylender” means —

…

(f) any person carrying on any business not having for its primary object the
lending of money in the course of which and for the purposes whereof he lends
money;

…

“moneylender” means a person who, whether as principal or agent, carries on or
holds himself out in any way as carrying on the business of moneylending,
whether or not he carries on any other business, but does not include any
excluded moneylender;

…

“unlicensed moneylender” means a person —

(a) who is presumed to be a moneylender under section 3; and

(b) who is not a licensee or an exempt moneylender.

…

Persons presumed to be moneylenders

3. Any person, other than an excluded moneylender, who lends a sum of money in consideration of a larger sum being repaid shall be presumed, until the contrary is proved, to be a moneylender.

…

Unlicensed moneylending

14.— …

(2) Where any contract for a loan has been granted by an unlicensed
moneylender, or any guarantee or security has been given for such a loan —

(a) the contract for the loan, and the guarantee or security, as the case may
be, shall be unenforceable; and

(b) any money paid by or on behalf of the unlicensed moneylender under the
contract for the loan shall not be recoverable in any court of law.

35 The defendant’s argument was as follows. The Agreements involved the
plaintiff lending the defendant “a sum of money in consideration of a larger
sum being repaid”. Thus, under s 3 of the MLA, the plaintiff was presumed to
be a “moneylender”. Since the plaintiff had failed to show that he was an
excluded, licensed or exempt moneylender, he fell within the definition of an
“unlicensed moneylender” in s 2 of the MLA. Pursuant to s 14(2) of the MLA,
the plaintiff having granted the Loans as an “unlicensed moneylender”, the
said Loans were unenforceable and the moneys lent were not recoverable.
Presumably, the plaintiff was therefore precluded from suing on the
defendant’s cheques, since they had been drawn and delivered in repayment of
the unenforceable Loans.

36 In my judgment, the defendant’s argument was based on a misunderstanding of
how the statutory mechanisms in the MLA were intended to function.
Specifically, the defendant was mistaken in applying the presumption in s 3 of
the MLA to the plaintiff. On its own wording, the presumption is inapplicable
to an “excluded moneylender”. As explained by the Court of Appeal in Sheagar
s/o T M Veloo v Belfield International (Hong Kong) Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 524
(“Sheagar”), it is the borrower (ie, the defendant) who bears the burden of
proving that the lender is not an “excluded moneylender”. At [71]–[75], the
Court of Appeal stated:

71 … [I]t is significant that the presumptive provision in s 3 of the MLA
contains an express exclusion in the words “other than an excluded
moneylender”. This is pertinent because, prima facie, it appears to suggest
that an excluded moneylender will therefore never fall to be an “unlicensed
moneylender” as defined in s 2 of the MLA, for the purposes of s 14(2) of the
MLA.

72 If, the concept of an excluded moneylender under the MLA is to be regarded,
as in the Neptune Oil case, as a proviso rather than as a true definitional
exception, it would mean that a borrower could invoke the presumption even in
relation to a lender who, as it might later turn out, was an excluded
moneylender and the burden would then fall on the lender to prove that he was
an excluded moneylender and that the presumption therefore does not apply.
This seems untenable to us for two reasons:

(a) To so hold would render the exclusionary words entirely otiose. The
presumption could simply have said that any person who lends money for reward
shall be presumed to be a moneylender. The lender would then have to rebut
this by showing that he was not within the definition of a “moneylender”
either because he was not carrying out such a business or because he was an
excluded moneylender. This is because, as we have noted at [68] above, the
definition of a “moneylender” in s 2 of the MLA has an express exclusion in
respect of an “excluded moneylender”.

(b) We would be hesitant even in ordinary circumstances to construe words in a
statute as otiose but it is all the more so in a case such as the present
where it is evident from the whole scheme of the MLA that it was not to apply
to an excluded moneylender. It would thus be anomalous if a borrower could
invoke the disabling provision under s 14(2) of the MLA and the presumptive
provision under s 3 of the MLA without showing, in the first place, that the
lender fell within the regulatory ambit of the MLA.

73 … [W]e are satisfied that the burden of proving that a lender is not an
excluded moneylender falls on the borrower…

74 For completeness, we would observe that this does not place an unreasonable
burden on the borrower. In most instances, the relevant information would be
available from public record; or within the borrower’s own knowledge as to
whether or not it is itself within the class of borrowers to whom an excluded
moneylender may lend money; or capable of being established by the
straightforward administration of interrogatories or discovery.

75 For the avoidance of doubt, we summarise the principles to be adopted in
relation to s 14(2) of the MLA.

(a) To rely on s 14(2) of the MLA, the borrower must prove that the lender was
an “unlicensed moneylender”.

(b) If the borrower can establish that the lender has lent money in
consideration for a higher sum being repaid, he may rely on the presumption
contained in s 3 of the MLA to discharge this burden.

(c) The burden then shifts to the lender to prove that he either does not
carry on the business of moneylending or possesses a moneylending licence or
is an “exempted moneylender”.

(d) However, if there is an issue as to whether the lender is an excluded
moneylender, the legal burden of proving that he is not will fall on the
borrower.

[emphasis in bold added]

37 In the present situation, whether the plaintiff is an “excluded
moneylender” under s 2 of the MLA is a contested issue. The plaintiff said
that he is, because he does not carry on a business whose primary object is
the lending of money. The defendant asserted otherwise, but produced no
evidence at all to discharge his burden of proving so. Accordingly, the
defendant had no basis for saying that the plaintiff was an “unlicensed
moneylender” and that the Loans were unenforceable under s 14(2) of the MLA.
The Illegal Moneylending Defence was hence a non-starter.

38 In the case of the First Agreement, I also found the defendant’s argument
that the plaintiff had lent him “a sum of money in consideration of a larger
sum being repaid” (within the meaning of that phrase in s 3 of the MLA) to be
highly questionable. To recapitulate, in exchange for the 1st to 4th Loans,
the plaintiff was purportedly to obtain a “larger sum” in the form of the
secret referral fee that he would earn from the Bank of Singapore when any
settlement proceeds from the PRC mediation were placed into the BoS bank
account. Upon such placement, the plaintiff would apparently also be entitled
to encash the defendant’s 1st to 4th cheques to recover the principal sum of
S$2.5m under the 1st to 4th Loans.

39 The plaintiff himself admitted that the Bank of Singapore had a scheme
whereby existing customers (such as himself) could earn a fee if they referred
new customers to the bank, and the new customers then opened and funded a bank
account. He explained, and I accepted, that such a referral arrangement was
not unusual and was run by many other private banks as well. He denied,
however, that the referral arrangement had anything to do with the 1st to 4th
Loans.

40 To trigger the presumption in s 3 of the MLA, the wording of the provision
requires the loan in question to have been made in consideration of a larger
sum being repaid. In a typical case, this means that the debtor would have to
repay a larger sum in the form of interest, in addition to the principal sum.
In the present situation, however, it is undisputed that the defendant himself
was to repay only the exact amounts lent (ie, S$2.5m under the 1st to 4th
Loans). I recognised that it could not be ruled out that a loan might be
structured in such a way that a lender would obtain a “larger sum” by
receiving payments from a party other than the borrower. Even then, however,
there must still be some nexus between (a) the loan extended by the lender to
the borrower; and (b) the payment of the larger sum by the third party to the
lender.

41 I was unable to see how such a nexus was present here. The defendant
himself said that he had nothing to do with the “secret” referral arrangement
between the plaintiff and the Bank of Singapore at the relevant time. As
between the plaintiff and the Bank of Singapore, there is no evidence that the
bargain between them was for the former to earn a referral fee specifically in
exchange for granting the 1st to 4th Loans to the defendant, and the defendant
depositing any settlement proceeds from the PRC mediation into the BoS bank
account. This is notwithstanding the defendant’s many assertions to that
effect (which I discuss further at [45]–[49] below). Unlike the usual referral
schemes run by banks, such a bargain would be particular to the special
circumstances of the plaintiff and the defendant, and ought to have been
supported by cogent evidence, which was not available. If the referral fee was
to be paid simply upon the BoS bank account being funded (as is far more
likely), there would be no connection between (a) the plaintiff granting the
1st to 4th Loans to the defendant; and (b) the plaintiff earning the referral
fee from the Bank of Singapore. Accordingly, even putting aside the
defendant’s failure to prove that the plaintiff was not an “excluded
moneylender”, it was difficult to see how the presumption in s 3 of the MLA
applied to the plaintiff insofar as the 1st to 4th Loans were concerned. This
reinforced my view that the Illegal Moneylending Defence to the S$2.5m Claim
was not arguable.

(2) Illegal Litigation Funding Defence

42 I will examine the Illegal Litigation Funding Defence in relation to the
S$2.5m Claim and the Remaining Claim separately. This was the defence that the
First Agreement and the Proposed Second Agreement were illegal and
unenforceable at common law on the ground that they involved third-party
litigation funding. In Ochroid Trading Ltd and another v Chua Siok Lui [2018]
1 SLR 363 (at [29]), the Court of Appeal observed that it is an established
head of public policy at common law that contracts prejudicial to the
administration of justice, including contracts savouring of maintenance and
champerty, are illegal and unenforceable. As set out in Lim Lie Hoa v Ong Jane
Rebecca [1997] 1 SLR(R) 775 at [23] (citing Halsbury’s Laws of England vol 9
(4th Ed) at para 400):

Maintenance may be defined as the giving of assistance or encouragement to one
of the parties to litigation by a person who has neither an interest in the
litigation nor any other motive recognised by the law as justifying his
interference. Champerty is a particular kind of maintenance, namely
maintenance of an action in consideration of a promise to give the maintainer
a share in the proceeds or subject matter of the action.

43 According to the defendant, the plaintiff had granted the Loans to assist
him in bringing a claim against the Chinese government. The plaintiff had no
justifiable interest in the matter, and had done so in order to obtain a share
of the proceeds of the PRC dispute. The defendant argued that the Agreements
thus savoured of maintenance and champerty, and could not be enforced.
Although s 5B(2) of the CLA contains a limited exception under which third-
party litigation funding is permitted, the defendant contended that the
exception does not apply to the plaintiff as the latter was not a “qualified
Third-Party Funder” (as defined in the legislation). Hence, it is said that
the plaintiff should not be allowed to claim the sums under the defendant’s
cheques, which had been drawn and delivered pursuant to the illegal Agreements
(and the first and second alleged purposes).

(A) S$2.5m Claim

44 As far as the plaintiff’s 1st to 4th Loans and the S$2.5m Claim were
concerned, I was not persuaded that the Illegal Litigation Funding Defence
raised any triable issues. According to the defendant, the parties had orally
entered into the First Agreement, pursuant to which the plaintiff had
disbursed the 1st to 4th Loans, for the first alleged (illegal) purpose of
funding the PRC mediation. There was, however, scant evidence supporting the
existence of the First Agreement and the first alleged purpose.

45 The main evidence which the defendant relied upon was the fact that the
plaintiff had a referral arrangement with the Bank of Singapore. The
plaintiff’s admission as to the existence of a referral arrangement, and his
position that the arrangement had nothing to do with the 1st to 4th Loans, has
already been set out at [39] above. It was unknown how much the plaintiff
would have earned in referral fees if any settlement proceeds from the PRC
mediation were placed in the defendant’s BoS bank account. Nevertheless, the
defendant implied that the fees would have been sufficiently large to have
motivated the plaintiff into entering the First Agreement.

46 The defendant asserted that after opening his BoS bank account, the bank’s
relationship manager, Mr Yeo, followed up closely with him regarding the PRC
dispute. At the behest of the plaintiff, Mr Yeo apparently flew to China to
participate in negotiations between the defendant, his lawyers and Chinese
officials relating to the PRC dispute. The defendant alleged that the
plaintiff had continued to receive updates on what Mr Yeo had done, and argued
that this pointed “clearly to the [plaintiff’s] keen interest in profiting
from the opening of the account”. Furthermore, the plaintiff had supposedly
met the defendant’s lawyer for the PRC dispute on a regular basis to “get
updates” on the PRC mediation.

47 The plaintiff’s version was quite different. According to the plaintiff,
the defendant had said that he had difficulties operating his bank account due
to his ongoing divorce proceedings, and wanted to open a new one into which
any settlement proceeds from the PRC dispute could be channelled. It was at
the defendant’s own request that the plaintiff recommended Mr Yeo to him. Any
follow-up that Mr Yeo conducted with the defendant was part of the Bank of
Singapore’s due diligence exercise, which the plaintiff had nothing to do
with. Contrary to the impression given by the defendant, the “meetings”
between the plaintiff and the defendant’s lawyer were in fact social
gatherings that the defendant had organised. The plaintiff’s interactions with
the defendant’s lawyers were limited to “casual [social] chats”, during which
the defendant sometimes “rehash[ed] the ‘injustice’ [he had] suffered by PRC
officials”. There was, however, no detailed discussion of the PRC dispute, and
certainly no discussion of its funding.

48 I note that on the defendant’s own account, the referral arrangement
between the plaintiff and the Bank of Singapore was not part of the alleged
First Agreement between the parties. The defendant’s case thus depended
entirely on what he said were the unilateral intentions of the plaintiff. In
this respect, however, the defendant had only bare assertions that the
plaintiff had entered into the First Agreement in order to profit from the
secret referral fee. He produced no evidence at all to substantiate his
allegations as set out in [45]–[46] above, which the plaintiff generally
denied. Neither Mr Yeo nor the defendant’s lawyer for the PRC dispute filed an
affidavit in the proceedings before me. The only matter which was certain was
the existence of the referral arrangement that the plaintiff admitted to. But
the existence of such an arrangement, in itself, did not show that the First
Agreement and/or the first alleged purpose existed. To my mind, the alleged
connection between the referral arrangement and the first alleged purpose was
simply unsubstantiated.

49 Furthermore, if the defendant’s account was indeed true, it was altogether
very strange that he had adduced no evidence to show how the S$2.5m extended
to him by way of the 1st to 4th Loans had actually been put towards funding
the PRC mediation. There were no documentary records of how the moneys were
expended, nor a satisfactory explanation on affidavit to that effect. Surely
in a commercial, third-party litigation funding contract such as the First
Agreement, such evidence would have been readily available.

50 Quite apart from a lack of evidential basis, the defendant’s case was also
problematic in that it did not sit well with the evidence that was available.
First, it is undisputed that the defendant had provided a watch and bracelet
to the plaintiff sometime around April 2019 as “security”. The defendant never
clarified what obligations the items were meant to secure, whilst the
plaintiff said that they were meant to secure the defendant’s obligation to
repay the 1st to 3rd Loans. Although the exact value of the items was not
known, at the first hearing of SUM 1299, the defendant’s counsel pitched their
value at S$2m. The plaintiff himself apparently accepted them as security for
loans totalling S$2m. The items must thus have been of substantial value. An
obvious question then arose as to why these valuable items had been handed
over. If we were concerned only with straightforward “interest-free” loans, as
the plaintiff contended, there would not be anything unusual about the
provision of such security. According to the defendant, however, the parties’
bargain was for the plaintiff to disburse S$2.5m to fund the PRC mediation.
This was purportedly in exchange for the defendant placing any settlement
proceeds into the designated BoS bank account and issuing the 1st to 4th
cheques (with the first condition precedent attached). Under this alleged
arrangement, however, there was no reason at all for the two valuable items to
be provided as security, on top of the defendant’s 1st to 4th cheques. Even at
the Hearing before me, no explanation was given on this aspect. To my mind,
this was especially problematic for the defendant, given that on his own
counsel’s characterisation, we were dealing with a commercial transaction
between “men of commerce”.

51 Second, the existence of the First Agreement and/or the first alleged
purpose was also not supported by the parties’ correspondence relating to the
1st to 4th Loans, and the defendant’s repayment of the same by way of the
defendant’s 1st to 4th cheques. On 5 September 2019, the defendant sent a
letter to the plaintiff to request for the encashment of the defendant’s 1st
to 4th cheques to be delayed until 30 November 2019. The said letter is
reproduced below:

Date : 05 September 2019

To:

ATTN : MR QUEK JIN OON

REQUEST TO EXTEND PAYMENT DATES ON CHEQUES TO YOU

Dear Mr. Quek

I, write to request you to allow me to extend the dates of the below 4 cheques
payable to you to 30 November 2019.

The mentioned cheques are as follows :

Citibank Chq No: 000346 dated 31/08/2019 for $ 500,000.00

Citibank Chq No: 000265 dated 31/08/2019 for $1,000,000.00

Citibank Chq No: 000171 dated 31/08/2019 for $ 500,000.00

Citibank Chq No: dated 31/10/2019 for $ 500,000.00

Your kind acceptance for my request will be much appreciated.

Regards

[signed]

Goh Chin Soon

S1160229J

[emphasis in bold added]

52 Conspicuously, the letter makes no mention of any details relating to the
PRC mediation, the alleged First Agreement or the first alleged purpose. In
particular, if the plaintiff’s encashment of the defendant’s 1st to 4th
cheques was actually subject to a condition that had not yet been met (ie, the
first condition precedent), one would have expected such an important matter
to have been stated. The omission of these facts was thus difficult to
understand. Far from suggesting that the defendant had any contractual grounds
for delaying the plaintiff’s encashment of the cheques, the language used
indicated that the defendant was merely seeking the indulgence of the
plaintiff regarding the same.

53 Subsequent to the above letter, further developments took place with
respect to the plaintiff’s involvement in the proposed PRC arbitration. These
developments will be elaborated on later below in relation to the plaintiff’s
5th Loan and the Remaining Claim. For present purposes, it suffices to note
that on 19 November 2019, the defendant asked his associate to pass a message
to the plaintiff. The WhatsApp message from the defendant’s associate to the
plaintiff that day reads:

Good morning boss. I am told by [the defendant] to send this to you. This is
his proposal on this morning’s meeting with regards to Grandlink claims
against PRC and reinstatement of grandlink from liquidation.

1 arbitration against China.

5% of total amount claim upon filing arbitration which we call step 1

2 on step 2 which valuation and case study before jurisdiction you will get
10% of total amount claimed.

3 on step 3 when jurisdiction starts you will get 15% on total amount claim

4 on step 4 and 5 that is after jurisdiction you will get 20% of total amount
claimed.

On reinstatement of grandlink you will be responsible on all debts and
expenses incurred in the reinstatement.

On the 3 million that [the defendant] owes you. [The defendant] will pay you
on 31 march 2020 with interest.

[emphasis added in bold]

After receiving the above message, the plaintiff clarified with the
defendant’s associate that the defendant only owed him S$2.5m at the time (ie,
as at 19 November 2019), since the 5th Loan had not yet been made.

54 As can be seen, the earlier paragraphs of the message concern two matters –
the proposed PRC arbitration and the “reinstatement of [G]randlink from
liquidation”. What is immediately obvious is that nothing was said of the
alleged First Agreement or the first alleged purpose, which relate to the PRC
mediation. This was despite the fact that the last paragraph of the message
referred to the S$3m (which amount the plaintiff had clarified should be
S$2.5m) currently in dispute. The defendant acknowledged (through his
associate) that he “owe[d]” the plaintiff the said sum and would pay it by a
certain date (presumably by ensuring that the defendant’s cheques would be
honoured upon presentment). Such payment was not expressed to be subject to
any condition precedents. In my view, this acknowledgement was plainly
inconsistent with the defendant’s account of the First Agreement and the first
alleged purpose, and how the repayment of the 1st to 4th Loans was subject to
the first condition precedent (which had not yet been fulfilled).

55 Finally, on 4 December 2019, the plaintiff sent the following WhatsApp
message to the defendant, to which the latter did not reply:

Ricky [ie, the defendant], today we met with your lawyer Wai Cheong. He has
explain to us your claim with China. He has also given the syndicate members
your counter proposal

The counter proposal has not been accepted and since they [sic] is no
agreement, we will not be proceeding. Mr Furouk n Nikko called Tam at 5.05pm n
promise to file tomorrow.

I believe Daniel n your various members will be flying to Beijing for
negotiations next week. My advice is to accept whatever offer.

I have always express to you no interest in your China claim. At your request
for help, I have advance you 2 million dollars on terms which you have
defaulted. The next advance of 500,000 dollars is also due. As for the last
500,000 dollars, after exchanging the cheque, what you promised to me, you
have conveniently forgotten. I’m not a bank. Kindly make arrangements to repay
my loan of 3 million immediately.

Thank you

Andrew

[emphasis added in bold]

For context, the above message was sent after the 5th Loan had already been
granted and disbursed to the defendant by way of the plaintiff’s 5th cheque.

56 In the last paragraph of the message, the plaintiff unequivocally claimed
that the defendant had “defaulted” on the 1st to 3rd Loans (totalling S$2m),
and that the next S$500,000 under the 4th Loan was also “due”. He then asked
for the repayment of the entire S$3m under the Loans. I agreed with the
plaintiff’s counsel that in the face of this demand for repayment, the natural
response would have been for the defendant to clarify that the sums were not
yet due in accordance with the First Agreement, since the first condition
precedent had not yet been fulfilled. Yet, no such reply (or any reply at all)
was given. This supported the inference that the defendant’s version of events
was simply untrue. Although I accepted that silence may in some cases be
equivocal, the inference I drew here was reinforced by my preceding
observations at [45]–[54] above.

57 In light of the foregoing, I was not convinced that there was a fair or
reasonable probability that the Illegal Litigation Funding Defence to the
S$2.5m Claim was real or bona fide. The defendant’s bare allegations on
affidavit as to the existence of the alleged First Agreement or the first
alleged purpose were not remotely substantiated by the available evidence (see
the legal principles set out at [21]–[22] above). For that reason, I did not
consider there to be any serious conflict as to the facts surrounding the
claim. Indeed, if the said agreement and purpose existed, it was improbable
that they were not mentioned even once during the parties’ correspondence
during the entire period from April to December 2019. This was especially so
if the First Agreement was a “shrewd and calculated” commercial transaction,
as the defendant suggested. I further observed that the defendant had
repeatedly sought to muddy the waters by dealing with (a) the First Agreement
and the first alleged purpose, and (b) the Proposed Second Agreement and
second alleged purpose, together. Once the different matters were properly
disentangled, however, the paucity of evidence behind the former two matters
stood in stark contrast to the documents and correspondence adduced in
relation to the latter two matters, as discussed below.

58 I was hence of the view that the Illegal Litigation Funding Defence to the
S$2.5m Claim had no reasonable prospect of succeeding. For this defence, I was
prepared to accept that, in appropriate circumstances, it is arguable that the
common law rule against maintenance and champerty can apply to mediation
proceedings. However, the point remains that the defendant has failed to
sufficiently establish an evidential basis for his defence.

(B) Remaining Claim

59 I now turn to the plaintiff’s 5th Loan of S$500,000 and the Remaining Claim
for the same amount. Initially, I had difficulties understanding the Illegal
Litigation Funding Defence to the Remaining Claim, as pleaded by the defendant
(see [16]–[17] above). Based on my reading of the defence, the “contract” that
the defendant was seeking to impugn was the Proposed Second Agreement. It was,
however, not the plaintiff’s case that the Proposed Second Agreement (with all
its terms relating to the funding of the proposed PRC arbitration) ought to be
enforced. In fact, it was common ground that the said agreement had never even
been entered into. This begged the question as to why the defendant was
denying its enforceability in order to resist the Remaining Claim.

60 At the Hearing before me, the defendant’s counsel clarified the defendant’s
position. Counsel characterised the contract to be impugned as the plaintiff’s
5th Loan, rather than the entire Proposed Second Agreement. He argued that the
5th Loan had been made for the illegal second alleged purpose of funding the
proposed PRC arbitration, and was therefore unenforceable. Having reviewed the
pleadings, I was satisfied that the material facts upon which this position
was premised were sufficiently pleaded, albeit in a somewhat confusing manner.
The confusion resulted from the defendant’s broad pleading that the entire
Proposed Second Agreement was illegal. Ultimately, however, the Proposed
Second Agreement had been defined (in the defence) to cover all the material
facts relating to the extension of the 5th Loan and the “illegal” second
alleged purpose (see [16(a)] above). From this, the nub of the defendant’s
case, as just described, was sufficiently discernible. I thus did not consider
the defendant to have gone beyond the four corners of his pleadings or to have
caused substantial prejudice to the plaintiff. In fact, the plaintiff’s
counsel took no objection on this point.

61 Framed in the manner just described, I was of the view that the defendant’s
Illegal Litigation Funding Defence to the Remaining Claim was at least
arguable at law. As the Court of Appeal in Ting Siew May v Boon Lay Choo and
another [2014] 3 SLR 609 (“Ting Siew May”) (at [44]–[46]) recognised, there is
a category of contracts which are themselves not prohibited by statute or
common law, but are entered into for an illegal purpose. This includes
contracts (ie, valid loans) entered into with the object of using the subject-
matter of the contract (ie, the loan money) for an illegal purpose. In respect
of this category of contracts, the courts will apply the principle of
proportionality to determine whether the contract in question is enforceable.

62 In the present case, impugning the plaintiff’s 5th Loan on the ground that
it is a contract entered into for the illegal second alleged purpose appeared
to be a valid line of argument for the defendant to pursue. The second alleged
purpose, if it existed, would involve the plaintiff assisting a party to bring
a claim against another (presumably in return for a share in the proceeds of
the action). On that basis, if the plaintiff had no justifiable interest in
the matter, it was arguable that the second alleged purpose would offend the
common law rule against maintenance and/or champerty (as set out at [42]
above). As the Court of Appeal has recognised in Otech Pakistan Pvt Ltd v
Clough Engineering Ltd and another [2007] 1 SLR(R) 989 (at [38]), the law of
champerty applies to arbitration proceedings in the same way that it applies
to litigation proceedings. I agreed with the defendant’s counsel that in order
to raise this defence, it was arguably not necessary for the defendant to show
that the Proposed Second Agreement had actually been executed in order to put
the second alleged purpose of the Loans into effect. Given the Court of
Appeal’s remarks in Ting Siew May, it would arguably be sufficient for the
defendant to show that such a purpose existed.

63 In this regard, the defendant was able to point to sufficient evidence to
raise a triable issue as to the existence of the Proposed Second Agreement
(excluding the proposed second condition precedent), and the second alleged
purpose. The plaintiff’s 5th Loan was disbursed by way of the plaintiff’s 5th
cheque on 27 November 2019. The parties’ correspondence before and after that
date show that discussions relating to the plaintiff’s potential funding of
the PRC arbitration did take place.

64 The parties do not dispute that on 19 November 2019, prior to the
disbursement of the 5th Loan, they had met (together with other individuals)
to discuss the potential funding of the PRC arbitration. This was corroborated
by the WhatsApp message dated 19 November 2019 (as reproduced at [53] above)
from the defendant’s associate to the plaintiff. The said message clearly
refers to the parties’ meeting regarding the funding of the proposed PRC
arbitration earlier that day.

65 Subsequently, on 3 December 2019, the plaintiff’s corporate adviser emailed
the defendant and the defendant’s lawyer, copying the plaintiff, a draft
agreement (“draft Framework Agreement”) relating to the funding of the
proposed PRC arbitration. This draft agreement was targeted for signing the
following day. It was to be entered into by the defendant and a special
purpose vehicle controlled by a “syndicate” of investors including the
plaintiff. Many of the terms pleaded by the defendant (as set out at [16]
above) to have formed part of the Proposed Second Agreement were also
reflected (although not always in identical terms) in the draft Framework
Agreement – see, for example, cll 2.3.2, 2.3.5, and 2.3.6 of the latter
agreement. Crucially, the fourth and fifth recitals of the draft Framework
Agreement read as follows:

WHEREAS:

…

(4) The Parties have agreed to enter into a transaction with several phases
(the “Transaction”) with the ultimate purpose of allowing the Company [ie,
Grandlink] and its related entities and/or subsidiaries to commence, proceed
with and/or continue (whether by negotiation or arbitration) with its claim
against the Chinese government (“PRC Claim”);

(5) On or around 27 November 2019, a sum of $500,000 was paid on behalf of the
SPV by [the plaintiff] to [the defendant] in consideration of and in
furtherance of this collaboration;

66 Read together, the two recitals show that the parties had envisaged that
the plaintiff’s 5th Loan to the defendant (which was disbursed on 27 November
2019) would be put towards the second alleged purpose of funding the proposed
PRC arbitration.

67 Finally, the earlier paragraphs of the plaintiff’s WhatsApp message of 4
December 2019 (see [55]–[56] above) also confirm that discussions relating to
the funding of the PRC arbitration had taken place. By that date, the
defendant had rejected the draft Framework Agreement and made a
counterproposal to the “syndicate” of investors, which was also not accepted.
Although the message confirms (as the parties do) that no agreement relating
to the funding of the PRC arbitration was eventually entered into, this was
not fatal to the defendant’s case for the reasons already given at [61]–[62]
above. More importantly, the plaintiff’s demand for the repayment of the 5th
Loan in the last paragraph of the message and the defendant’s corresponding
silence were also not necessarily inconsistent with the defendant’s case.
Specifically, it remained plausible that at the time the 5th Loan was made
(ie, on 27 November 2019), the loan was granted for the second alleged
purpose. However, after the attempts to put the second alleged purpose into
effect by way of a contract had failed, the plaintiff saw it fit to ask for
the return of his 5th Loan.

68 In the plaintiff’s affidavit, he squarely admitted to having participated
in discussions regarding the funding of the proposed PRC arbitration. However,
his version was that the parties had discussed “potentially ‘re-purposing’
[the 5th Loan] to be part of a funding arrangement for the PRC Arbitration” as
well as “whether this S$500,000 could be taken to be [the plaintiff’s] pre-
payment for an investment into Grandlink…with a view to taking Grandlink out
of liquidation” (emphasis added). In other words, at the time the 5th Loan was
granted, the plaintiff claimed that its purpose was not to fund the proposed
PRC arbitration.

69 In support of this contention, the plaintiff relied on a message sent to
him by the defendant on 3 September 2019 (ie, after the 1st to 4th Loans had
already been disbursed). In the said message, the defendant acknowledged that
the plaintiff had assisted him in dealing with “CDL” to extend the “completion
of [the defendant’s] 2nd house” and said that he had promised “CDL” that he
would “pay them all the interest for this extension”. He then told the
plaintiff “You also promised to lend me $500,000 to pay for the above interest
when I am back from China negotiations”. The plaintiff’s counsel submitted
that this showed that the plaintiff’s grant of the 5th Loan was not intended
for the second alleged purpose of funding the proposed PRC arbitration.

70 Whatever the parties’ intentions as at 3 September 2019 may have been,
however, it is plainly arguable from their correspondence between November and
December 2019 that those intentions had subsequently changed by the time the
5th Loan was actually granted. The defendant’s case that the plaintiff’s 5th
Loan had been made for the second alleged purpose remained plausible based on
the evidence it had laid out.

71 The plaintiff also raised a different, more general argument as to why the
Loans could not have been granted to fund the proceedings relating to the PRC
dispute. According to the plaintiff, he had granted the Loans to the defendant
personally. The PRC dispute was, however, between the company, Grandlink, and
the Chinese government. The defendant had not shown or pleaded that he had any
authority to act on behalf of Grandlink, which had been in compulsory
liquidation since 2001. As such, the defendant could not have contracted with
the plaintiff to use the Loans to fund Grandlink’s proceedings against the
Chinese government. If the defendant had indeed given the loan moneys to
Grandlink for the purposes of the proceedings relating to the PRC dispute, it
would have been the defendant himself (and not the plaintiff) who had funded
the said proceedings.

72 I accepted that the plaintiff’s argument had force. The defendant’s
assertions on affidavit that the PRC dispute was between himself and the
Chinese government was contradicted by the WhatsApp message from his associate
(dated 19 November 2019) and the draft Framework Agreement. However, even if
the party to the PRC dispute was indeed Grandlink, I did not think that this
was fatal to the defendant’s challenge against the enforceability of the 5th
Loan. This was because the plaintiff could arguably be regarded as funding the
proceedings relating to the PRC dispute, without contracting with Grandlink
directly. Specifically, the plaintiff may have granted the 5th Loan to the
defendant personally on the basis that the defendant would thereafter channel
the loan moneys to Grandlink to fund the PRC dispute. If the plaintiff had
done so, he would arguably have assisted a party in bringing a claim against
another, which would potentially trigger the common law rule against
maintenance and champerty (see [42]–[43] above).

73 In fact, the draft Framework Agreement itself appears to envisage such an
arrangement. In particular, the recitals of the draft agreement refer to the
5th Loan to the defendant as having been made in furtherance of a
collaboration, whose “ultimate purpose” was to “[allow Grandlink to]
proceed…with its claim against the Chinese government”(see [65] above).
Structured in this way, it would not have been necessary for the defendant to
have been acting on behalf of Grandlink at the relevant time. Accordingly,
there remained a triable issue (of fact and law) as to the existence and terms
of the Proposed Second Agreement and the second alleged purpose. This is
subject to the qualification mentioned at [30(b)] above – namely, that there
is no triable issue of fact or law as to the existence or enforceability of
the proposed second condition precedent (which specifically relates to the
Condition Precedent Defence). For completeness, there also remained no triable
issues as to the existence of the First Agreement and the first alleged
purpose, for the reasons already given at [44]–[58] above. There was
insufficient evidence to even substantiate their existence, much less the
structuring of the First Agreement in the specific manner just described.

74 I thus reached the view that the disputes of law and fact raised by the
Illegal Litigation Funding Defence to the Remaining Claim (as canvassed in
[59]–[73] above) were all matters that ought to be determined at trial. Given
the conflicting evidence adduced by both parties, it could not be said that
either party’s version was obviously more credible than the other.

(3) Sub-conclusion

75 Having found that the defendant’s Condition Precedent, Illegal
Moneylending, and Illegal Litigation Funding Defences raised no triable issues
in respect of the S$2.5m Claim, I entered summary judgment for the plaintiff
for the same. The analysis for the S$2.5m Claim therefore did not proceed to
Issue 3.

76 As for the Remaining Claim, having taken the view that the Illegal
Litigation Funding Defence raised triable issues, it followed that the
defendant ought to be given leave to defend. The remaining question was
whether any conditions should be imposed on the grant of leave.

Issue 3: Whether the defendant should be granted conditional or unconditional
leave to defend the Remaining Claim

77 On the question of whether conditional or unconditional leave to defend
should be granted, the applicable legal principles are helpfully canvassed by
Coomaraswamy J in Wee Cheng Swee Henry v Jo Baby Kartika Polim [2015] 4 SLR
250 (at [81]):

The classic formulation is that conditional leave to defend is the appropriate
order when the defendant has succeeded in showing a reasonable probability of
a real or bona fide defence which ought to be tried, but that defence is
shadowy. Characterising a defence as shadowy is as much a matter of impression
as it is of analysis. If one tries to capture that characterisation in words,
one can say that a defence is shadowy if the defendant’s evidence is barely
sufficient to rise to the level of showing a reasonable probability of a bona
fide defence. Alternatively, one can say a defence is shadowy if the evidence
is such that the plaintiff has very nearly succeeded in securing judgment.

[emphasis in bold added]

78 I did not find the defendant’s Illegal Litigation Funding Defence to the
Remaining Claim to be so weak that it could be described as “shadowy”. As
discussed at [61]–[70], there was contemporaneous correspondence between the
parties, as well as a draft Framework Agreement (prepared by the plaintiff’s
own corporate adviser), which supported the defendant’s case. Accordingly, I
indicated to counsel at the Hearing that I was prepared to grant the defendant
unconditional leave to defend against the Remaining Claim. As stated earlier,
however, a different outcome was eventually reached. Specifically, the parties
decided to consent to the defendant being granted conditional leave to defend
instead. The reasons for this are closely intertwined with that for my
decision on SUM 1299. I therefore move onto a discussion of SUM 1299 first,
after which the reasons for this consent order will become clear.

The interim Mareva injunction application in SUM 1299

79 Although I was of the view that the defendant ought to be granted
unconditional leave to defend the Remaining Claim, I nevertheless considered
that there were also good reasons to grant the interim Mareva injunction
sought by the plaintiff in SUM 1299 (subject to certain modifications). The
two key requirements for the grant of a Mareva injunction are that:

(a) the plaintiff has a good arguable case on the merits of his claim; and

(b) there is a real risk that those assets may be dissipated so as to
frustrate the enforcement of an anticipated judgment of the court.

80 As to the first requirement, the plaintiff has a “good arguable case on the
merits” of the Remaining Claim if his case is “more than barely capable of
serious argument, but not necessarily one which the judge considers would have
a better than 50 per cent chance of success” (Bouvier, Yves Charles Edgar v
Accent Delight International Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 558 (“Bouvier”) at [36]). It was
clear to me that the plaintiff had fulfilled this requirement for the same
reasons that he had a prima facie case, as articulated at [24]–[31] above.

81 Turning to the second requirement, the overarching test is whether there is
objectively a real risk that a judgment may not be satisfied because of a risk
of unjustified dealings with assets (JTrust Asia Pte Ltd v Group Lease
Holdings Pte Ltd and others [2018] 2 SLR 159 (“JTrust”) at [64]). The
plaintiff must produce “solid evidence” to demonstrate this risk, and not just
raise bare assertions of fact (Bouvier at [36]). Haddon-Cave LJ, sitting in
the English Court of Appeal in Lakatamia Shipping Company Limited v Toshiko
Morimoto [2019] EWCA Civ 2203 (“Lakatamia”), has also recently affirmed (at
[34(2)]) that “[t]he risk of dissipation must be established by solid
evidence; mere inference or generalised assertion is not sufficient”. In
Lakatamia, the learned judge went to explain (at [35]–[36] and [38]) that a
plaintiff need only show a plausible evidential basis sufficient to establish
a good arguable case that there is a risk of dissipation, which is not a
particularly onerous test to meet. I found the learned judge’s exposition of
the law in this area to be apposite, and I gratefully adopt the same. At
[33]–[37] of Lakatamia, he stated:

THE LAW

33\. The basic legal principles for the grant of a [world-wide freezing order
(“WFO”)] are well-known and uncontroversial and hardly need re-stating. It
nevertheless is useful to remind oneself of the succinct summary of the test
by Peter Gibson LJ in Thane Investments Ltd v Tomlinson (No 1) [2003] EWCA Civ
1272 at [21] where he stated that, before making a WFO, the court must be
satisfied that:

“… the applicant for the order has a good, arguable case, that there is a real
risk that judgment would go unsatisfied by reason of the disposal by the
defendant of his assets, unless he is restrained by the court from disposing
of them, and that it would be just and convenient in all the circumstances to
grant the freezing order.”

34\. I also gratefully adopt (as the Judge did) the useful summary of some of
the key principles applicable to the question of risk of dissipation by Mr
Justice Popplewell (as he then was) in Fundo Soberano de Angola v dos Santos
[2018] EWHC 2199 (Comm) (subject to one correction which I note below):

(1) The claimant must show a real risk, judged objectively, that a future
judgment would not be met because of an unjustified dissipation of assets. In
this context dissipation means putting the assets out of reach of a judgment
whether by concealment or transfer.

(2) The risk of dissipation must be established by solid evidence; mere
inference or generalised assertion is not sufficient.

(3) The risk of dissipation must be established separately against each
respondent.

(4) It is not enough to establish a sufficient risk of dissipation merely to
establish a good arguable case that the defendant has been guilty of
dishonesty; it is necessary to scrutinise the evidence to see whether the
dishonesty in question points to the conclusion that assets [may be][*]
dissipated. It is also necessary to take account of whether there appear at
the interlocutory stage to be properly arguable answers to the allegations of
dishonesty.

(5) The respondent's former use of offshore structures is relevant but does
not itself equate to a risk of dissipation. Businesses and individuals often
use offshore structures as part of the normal and legitimate way in which they
deal with their assets. Such legitimate reasons may properly include tax
planning, privacy and the use of limited liability structures.

(6) What must be threatened is unjustified dissipation. The purpose of a WFO
is not to provide the claimant with security; it is to restrain a defendant
from evading justice by disposing of, or concealing, assets otherwise than in
the normal course of business in a way which will have the effect of making it
judgment proof. A WFO is not intended to stop a corporate defendant from
dealing with its assets in the normal course of its business. Similarly, it is
not intended to constrain an individual defendant from conducting his personal
affairs in the way he has always conducted them, providing of course that such
conduct is legitimate. If the defendant is not threatening to change the
existing way of handling their assets, it will not be sufficient to show that
such continued conduct would prejudice the claimant's ability to enforce a
judgment. That would be contrary to the purpose of the WFO jurisdiction
because it would require defendants to change their legitimate behaviour in
order to provide preferential security for the claim which the claimant would
not otherwise enjoy.

(7) Each case is fact specific and relevant factors must be looked at
cumulatively.

([*] Note: I have replaced the words “are likely to be” in sub-paragraph (4)
with “may be”).

Test for 'good arguable case'

35\. The test for 'good arguable case' in the context of freezing injunctions
is not a particularly onerous one (Gee on Commercial Injunctions (6th edn,
2016) at [12-026]).

36\. An applicant for a freezing order does not need to establish the
existence of a risk of dissipation on the balance of probabilities. It is
sufficient for the applicant to prove a danger of dissipation to the 'good
arguable case' standard. As Mustill J observed in Third Chandris Shipping Corp
v. Unimarine SA [1979] QB 645 at 652:

“Mr. Howard argues that the plaintiff must show a likelihood that his claim
will prove fruitless if an injunction is refused. If likelihood involves the
idea of “more likely than not,” I consider that the level is pitched too high.
In most cases the plaintiff cannot produce affirmative proof to this effect.
All he can show is that a danger exists, and this is all that it seems to me
the reported cases require”.

37\. There has been much discussion of the meaning of the 'good arguable case'
test since Mustill J's well-known observation in Ninemia Maritime Corp v Trave
Schiffahrtsgesellschaft GmbH (The Niedersachsen) [1983] 2 Lloyd's Rep 600 at
605, namely that a good arguable case is a case “which is more than barely
capable of serious argument, and yet not necessarily one which the judge
believes to have a better than 50% chance of success”.

38\. The 'good arguable case' test was the subject of a comprehensive review
by the Court of Appeal recently in Kaefer v. AMS [2019] 3 All ER 979 in the
context of jurisdictional gateways. Green LJ (who gave the leading judgment,
Davis and Asplin LJ concurring) conducted a magisterial analysis of the recent
authorities, including Brownlie v. Four Seasons Holdings [2017] UKSC 80 and
Goldman Sachs International v. Novo Banco SA [2018] UKSC 34. He observed at
[59] that a test intended to be straightforward “had become befuddled by
'glosses', glosses upon gloss, 'explications' and 'reformulations'”. The
central concept at the heart of the test was “a plausible evidential basis”
(see paragraphs [73]-[80]).

[emphasis added in bold]

In TYN Investment Group Pte Ltd v ERC Holdings Pte Ltd and another [2020] SGHC
157 (at [25]), Coomaraswamy J opined that he did not consider there to be “a
material difference between the ‘solid evidence’ to which Bouvier refers and
the ‘plausible evidential basis’ to which Lakatamia refers”. I respectfully
share his view.

82 The Court of Appeal in Guan Chong Cocoa Manufacturer Sdn Bhd v Pratiwi
Shipping SA [2003] 1 SLR(R) 157 (“Guan Chong Cocoa”) identified (at [20]) a
number of factors which the court generally considers relevant in assessing
whether there is a real risk of dissipation. These include the following:

(a) The nature of the assets which are to be the subject of the proposed
injunction, and the ease with which they could be disposed of or dissipated.

(b) The nature and financial standing of the defendant’s business, and the
length of time the defendant has been in business.

(c) The defendant’s past or existing credit record. A history of default in
honouring other debts may be a powerful factor in the plaintiff’s favour. On
the other hand, persistent default in honouring debts, if it occurs in a
period shortly before the plaintiff commences his action, may signify nothing
more than the fact that the defendant has fallen upon hard times and has cash-
flow difficulties, or is about to become insolvent.

(d) The defendant’s behaviour in response to the plaintiff’s claims (including
a pattern of evasiveness, or unwillingness to participate in the litigation or
arbitration, or raising thin defences after admitting liability, or total
silence).

The relevance of these factors has recently been affirmed by the Court of
Appeal in JTrust (at [65]). There, the Court of Appeal added that the
existence of good grounds for alleging that the defendant has been dishonest
may also be relevant.

83 In the present case, the plaintiff submitted that there was a real risk of
dissipation of assets based on the following grounds:

(a) First, the defendant’s only asset of substantial value (which the
plaintiff could identify) was the Grange Road property. A land title search of
the property dated 28 February 2020 indicated that a mortgage had been lodged
in respect of the property on 5 September 2019 in favour of “VM Credit Pte
Ltd” (“VM Credit”). More importantly, it transpired that on 13 February 2020,
an option to purchase the property was exercised and the sale was completed
soon after on 1 April 2020. This sale took place very shortly after the
plaintiff had unsuccessfully presented the defendant’s cheques for payment on
23 December 2020, given notice of dishonour on 2 January 2020 and commenced
the Suit on 7 January 2020. At the time of sale, the defendant would thus have
been aware of the legal proceedings against him. The timing of the sale was
thus suggestive of an attempt by the defendant to dissipate the asset.

(b) Second, the defendant does not hold many assets in his own name. His
assets are instead held through his ex-wife and/or corporate vehicles, which
may potentially be difficult to trace and are out of the plaintiff’s reach
even if his Claim succeeds. In particular, the plaintiff discovered the
following:

(i) In a land title search for the Grange Road property on 2 January 2020, the
defendant’s address was stated to be another property along the same road
(“Unit 34-01”). Unit 34-01 was owned by a company, Pearl Properties III Pte
Ltd, whose sole director was the defendant’s ex-wife and whose sole
shareholder was yet another company, De Li Investment Pte Ltd. The sole
director and shareholder of this latter company was also the defendant’s ex-
wife.

(ii) Another property along the same road, (“Unit 35-01”) was owned by a
company, Pearl Properties IV Pte Ltd. The sole director of this company was
the defendant’s ex-wife, and the sole shareholder was again De Li Investment
Pte Ltd.

(c) Third, the defendant was facing two other lawsuits (filed in July and
December 2019) for the sums of approximately S$2.5m and S$145,000. This showed
that the defendant had significant financial exposure, and that “he may
ultimately not be good for his money”.

(d) Fourth, the defendant had previously acted in a way which demonstrated
that his probity was not to be relied upon. Specifically, the defendant had
been charged with, and convicted of, several immigration and passport-related
offences relating to his use of a counterfeit passport to enter and exit
Singapore multiple times. According to the court, the defendant was an
undischarged bankrupt at the relevant time, and had paid US$250,000 for the
counterfeit passport which he used to evade the Official Assignee’s control of
his travel movements. This demonstrated the defendant’s willingness to engage
in dishonest conduct to suit his own purposes, as well as his disregard for
his legal obligations as an undischarged bankrupt, which in turn showed a real
risk of dissipation.

84 The defendant responded as follows:

(a) As to the sale of the Grange Road property, the defendant had originally
exercised an option to purchase the said property in 2017. The total purchase
price was about S$6.3m, with a 20% deposit to be paid upon signing the option,
and the balance purchase price of about S$5m to be paid upon completion in
July 2019. The defendant was, however, unable to pay the balance purchase
price by the due date because he had cash flow difficulties at the time, owing
to his protracted negotiations with the Chinese government over the PRC
dispute. To raise the requisite funds, the defendant thus obtained a loan from
VM Credit, which was secured by a mortgage over the Grange Road property. The
defendant was, however, subsequently unable to resolve the PRC dispute before
the loan expired. As a result, he had no choice but to sell the property to
repay the loan. The sale was not intended to dissipate the asset.

(b) Second, the defendant’s use of third parties and/or corporate vehicles to
hold his assets is irrelevant to the issue of whether there is a real risk of
dissipation. Units 34-01 and 35-01 were purchased after the defendant had been
discharged from bankruptcy, and before the commencement of the Suit.

(c) Third, the two lawsuits against the defendant (which were mentioned by the
plaintiff) are pending before the court and have no bearing on the risk of
dissipation by the defendant.

(d) Fourth, cross-appeals had been filed in respect of the criminal matter and
were still undecided (at the time the defendant’s counsel had prepared his
submissions).

85 I begin by noting that the plaintiff had clearly made reasonable inquiries
as to the financial resources of the defendant, but came up mostly against a
blank wall. The defendant appeared to hold very few assets in his own name,
and even the Listed Assets that the plaintiff managed to locate were mostly of
uncertain value. This was especially true of the defendant’s shares in
Grandlink, which had been in liquidation since 2001. In fact, the Grange Road
property was the only asset that the plaintiff could identify as belonging to
the defendant which appeared to have substantial value.

86 In respect of the Grange Road property, I agreed with the plaintiff that
the sale of the property occurred suspiciously soon after the commencement of
the Suit, and that this called for an explanation. The defendant’s explanation
was as mentioned at [84(a)] above. It was not disputed that during the
relevant period (ie, from mid-2019 until after the commencement of the Suit in
early-2020), the defendant was facing financial difficulties and the PRC
dispute was still ongoing. The defendant’s claim that he had obtained a loan
during that period was supported by loan documents that he adduced. These
documents showed that the defendant had indeed obtained a S$5m loan from VM
Credit in August 2019 (“VM loan”), which was to be secured by a mortgage over
the Grange Road property. The stated tenure of the VM loan was nine months,
and the minimum commitment period was six months. On the face of things, I
accepted it was possible, as the defendant claimed, that he was indeed unable
to pay off the VM loan due to the financial difficulties caused by the failure
to resolve the PRC dispute in time, and he therefore had “no choice” but to
sell the property.

87 However, the question then naturally arose as to where the proceeds of the
sale of the Grange Road property (which took place between February and April
2020) had gone. This question proved more difficult to answer than one would
expect. I observed that between the first hearing of SUM 1299 (on 23 March
2020) and the Hearing (on 4 August 2020), a lengthy period of about four
months had elapsed. During this period, the plaintiff had asked the defendant
in April 2020 for information as to the amount and whereabouts of the sale
proceeds of the Grange Road property. The defendant, however, refused to
provide the said information. In submissions, the defendant’s explanation was
that prior to the plaintiff obtaining an interim Mareva injunction and the
ancillary disclosure orders, he was under no obligation to disclose his
confidential information to the plaintiff unless the court ordered otherwise.

88 To my mind, this was a rather disingenuous response. At the first hearing
of SUM 1299, I had indicated to counsel that I was prepared to grant the
interim Mareva injunction, which grant would have been accompanied by the
necessary disclosure orders. It was only upon the defendant’s Undertaking that
I agreed to adjourn the matter for an inter partes hearing. In these
circumstances, the defendant’s refusal to allow the plaintiff to verify
whether the Undertaking was being complied with in the intervening four months
did not appear very reasonable. At the Hearing, the defendant’s counsel
finally confirmed that the proceeds of the sale of the Grange Road property
were still with the defendant. Even then, however, the amount of the said
proceeds remained unknown to the court and the plaintiff.

89 I accepted that absent any disclosure orders, the defendant may not have
had any legal obligation to disclose the whereabouts and the amount of the
sale proceeds. However, the defendant came across as unusually coy about his
dealings with the Grange Road property, and this was a factor which was
relevant to my assessment of whether there was indeed a risk of unjustified
dealings with the defendant’s assets.

90 Turning to the defendant’s behaviour in respect of the plaintiff’s Claim, I
recognised that some aspects of the defendant’s case (insofar as the Remaining
Claim was concerned) were supported by some evidence. I was, however, troubled
by the glaring lack of evidential basis for many other aspects of his case.
These aspects related, inter alia, to the alleged First Agreement, the
elaborate scheme allegedly concocted by the plaintiff to obtain a “secret”
referral fee from the Bank of Singapore, and the “conditional” encashment of
all the defendant’s cheques. As mentioned, many of the allegations made by the
defendant were also inconsistent with the available evidence (for example, the
parties’ correspondence relating to the plaintiff’s 1st to 4th Loans, and the
security of the watch and bracelet). Taken as a whole, the entire volley of
unsupported allegations made by the defendant appeared to be a desperate
attempt to stave off an anticipated judgment against him using whatever means
he could find. In my view, this went towards showing that there might be a
risk of unjustified dealings with his assets.

91 As for the plaintiff’s allegation that the defendant held his assets
through third parties and/or corporate vehicles, the defendant issued a bare
denial of its relevance. It was rather telling, however, that the defendant
did not deny that he did in fact hold his assets in such a manner. This was
despite the fact that the assets being referred to (ie, Units 34-01 and 35-01)
were not even in his name at all. Importantly, the plaintiff’s land title
searches of Units 34-01 and 35-01 showed that on 5 July 2019, the defendant
had filed a caveat against each of them. The “interest claimed” under both
caveats was stated as an “[i]nterest other than
purchaser/mortgagee/charge/equitable/beneficial owner”. The nature of this
interest was, however, unknown as the defendant remained tight-lipped about
it. I also noted that, according to the defendant himself, these assets were
purchased after he was discharged from bankruptcy. I was not prepared to go so
far as to infer solely from the manner of the defendant’s holdings that he was
seeking to pre-emptively put his assets out of the reach of existing and
future creditors. Nonetheless, contrary to the defendant’s bare assertion,
this was a relevant factor for me to take into account when forming an overall
impression of the defendant, and assessing the risk of dissipation. The fact
that the defendant had structured his holdings in such a manner also meant
that there was little left within the reach of a potential judgment creditor.
As such, my concerns relating to the defendant’s dealings with the Grange Road
property (as set out in [86]–[89] above) remained squarely at the forefront.

92 Next, I also considered the defendant's financial track record and
standing. He had previously been made a bankrupt in 2001, and was discharged
only a few years ago. Apart from the present action, and the long-running PRC
dispute which began in 2017, the defendant also faced two other lawsuits filed
in July and December 2019. Few details of the said lawsuits were provided,
save that they were for the approximate sums of S$2.5m and S$145,000. The
argument was presumably that the additional financial exposure would give the
defendant a stronger incentive to put his assets out of the reach of any
potential judgment creditor. In my view, the mere fact that the defendant
faced other lawsuits did not in itself show a risk of dissipation, but it was
still relevant to my assessment of the said risk.

93 The plaintiff also raised the fact that the defendant had been convicted of
immigration and passport-related offences. In this regard, I was cognisant of
the Court of Appeal’s guidance in Bouvier, where it was said (at [93]) that
the alleged dishonesty must be of such a nature that it has a real and
material bearing on the risk of dissipation. In other words, an allegation of
dishonesty does not in itself form a substitute for an examination of the
degree of risk of dissipation, unless that allegation is of such a nature or
characteristic that sufficiently bears upon the said risk. Here, the
defendant’s use of a counterfeit passport did not have a direct bearing on the
risk of dissipation. The defendant’s disregard of the authority of the
Official Assignee and his legal obligations as an undischarged bankrupt could
not in itself justify an inference that he was also willing to deal with his
assets so as to frustrate the enforcement of an anticipated judgment. That
said, although this factor was plainly insufficient in itself, it was still
relevant to my overall assessment of the evidence.

94 All in all, I recognised that the defendant had offered some sort of
response for each of the individual points raised by the plaintiff, which
points varied in merit. Ultimately, however, the assessment of whether there
was a real risk of dissipation is a holistic one for which I had to take all
the evidence into account. This was a defendant whose only substantial asset,
as far as one could tell, was the Grange Road property. That asset had now
been sold soon after the commencement of the Suit. Whilst I accepted that
there was a possible explanation for the sale, the whereabouts of the sale
proceeds were not known for several months until the Hearing before me, and
even as at that hearing, the quantum remained a mystery. Importantly, the sale
proceeds of the Grange Road property were far easier to dissipate than the
original asset itself. It appeared that the defendant had no other substantial
assets exposed to creditors, given that he had, since his discharge from
bankruptcy, chosen to hold various assets through third parties and corporate
vehicles. All other inquiries by the plaintiff into the financial resources of
the defendant had come up empty. In the background lay the fact that (a) the
defendant was a former bankrupt, now mired in multiple legal proceedings
against him; and (b) the defendant had made numerous, unsubstantiated
allegations against the plaintiff in an apparent attempt to stave off an
anticipated judgment of the court.

95 As the English Court of Appeal in Lakatamia stated (at [36], citing Mustill
J in in Third Chandris Shipping Corp v. Unimarine SA [1979] QB 645), all that
is required is for the plaintiff to show that there is a danger of
dissipation. In light of all the evidence just described, I took the view that
there was a plausible evidential basis to support the existence of such a
danger, especially in relation to the only known substantial asset of the
defendant (ie, the sale proceeds of the Grange Road property). To use the
language of the Court of Appeal in JTrust, I was satisfied that there was a
risk that the defendant would engage in unjustified dealings with his assets.

96 Notwithstanding this, the defendant further argued that the interim Mareva
injunction ought not to be granted, because the plaintiff had misrepresented
and/or suppressed material facts in his application. The defendant argued,
inter alia, the following:

(a) As to the issue of the risk of dissipation in SUM 1299, the plaintiff knew
that the defendant had cash flow difficulties and thus had to obtain the VM
loan which was secured by a mortgage over the Grange Road property. In fact,
it was the plaintiff who had introduced the defendant to VM Credit for the
purposes of obtaining a short-term loan in August 2019. The plaintiff also
knew that if the PRC dispute remained unresolved before the expiry of the said
loan, the defendant would be unable to pay the loan and would have no choice
but to sell the property. Yet, the plaintiff elected to disclose the sale of
the property without providing the surrounding context in order to mislead the
court into finding that there was a real risk of dissipation.

(b) In relation to the Suit, the plaintiff had concealed, inter alia, his
active involvement in the PRC dispute, the “secret” referral arrangement he
had with the Bank of Singapore, and the discussions relating to the funding of
the PRC arbitration (which included the proposal of the draft Framework
Agreement).

97 The Hearing for SUM 1299 was held on an inter partes basis and the
defendant had sufficient opportunity to respond to all the allegations made by
the plaintiff. Despite having been given the said opportunity, however, the
defendant also appeared to be arguing that the court nonetheless ought not to
grant the injunction because the plaintiff had not come to court with clean
hands. This was presumably on the basis that the plaintiff had still
misrepresented and/or suppressed material facts in his original supporting
affidavit for the ex parte application. I was not quite convinced for the
following reasons.

98 First, I deal with the alleged non-disclosure by the plaintiff of the
matters relating to the risk of dissipation. The key point in time to be
considered was the period between the plaintiff’s discovery of the sale of the
Grange Road property in February 2020 and his filing of SUM 1299 on 18 March
2020. The question was whether, during that period, the plaintiff knew (but
deliberately concealed) the fact that:

(a) the defendant had obtained the VM loan, and the loan was secured by a
mortgage over the Grange Road Property; and

(b) the reason for the sale of the property was that the defendant had been
unable to resolve the PRC dispute before the expiry of the VM loan, and was
thus unable to pay the loan and had “no choice” but to enter into the sale.

I had difficulty in finding that this was actually the case. On his part, the
plaintiff said that he did not know about the terms of the VM loan.

99 I noted that in the plaintiff’s original supporting affidavit for SUM 1299
(dated 17 March 2020), he stated (in relation to the merits of the Suit) that
he had been told by the defendant in April 2019 of (a) the defendant’s
financial difficulties; (b) the ongoing PRC dispute; and (c) the defendant’s
inability to pay the balance purchase price of the Grange Road property. In
relation to the risk of dissipation, the plaintiff mentioned that a land title
search of the Grange Road property had revealed the sale of the property in
February 2020, as well as a mortgage in favour of VM Credit. There was,
however, no specific statement that the sale of the Grange Road property was
due to the reason stated in [98(b)] above.

100 In his reply affidavit for SUM 1299 (dated 28 May 2020), the plaintiff
explained that around August 2019, he had returned the watch and bracelet to
the defendant so that the defendant could raise funds with the items. The
plaintiff admitted that he had suggested that the defendant could borrow money
from VM Credit to alleviate his cash flow difficulties. The plaintiff’s
“thinking” was that the defendant could “then pawn the valuable items he had”
and stop asking the plaintiff for more loans. Instead, what the defendant did
was to obtain a loan secured by a mortgage over the Grange Road property. The
plaintiff was, however, “unaware of the terms of the [VM loan]”.

101 In rebuttal, the defendant pointed to a message that he sent to the
plaintiff on 3 September 2019, where he acknowledged that the plaintiff had
“helped” him on “Valuemax [ie, VM Credit] which assist[ed]…in [the
defendant’s] house completion”. I failed to see how this message undermined
the plaintiff’s account, given that there was no mention of any mortgage over
the Grange Road property at all. The message was entirely consistent with the
plaintiff’s “thinking” that the defendant would simply obtain a loan from VM
Credit by pawning his items. That the defendant had gone on to use the loan
money for the “house completion” did not change this. I thus accepted that at
the time (ie, in end-2019), the plaintiff genuinely did not know about the
terms of the VM loan, including that the loan had been secured by a mortgage
over the Grange Road property.

102 However, by the time that the plaintiff filed SUM 1299 in March 2020, he
had discovered from the land title search of the Grange Road property that
there was a mortgage in favour of VM Credit. The issue was whether the
plaintiff had inferred from this discovery, as well as the individual facts he
knew (as listed in [99(a)-(c)] and [100] above), the matters stated at
[98(a)-(b)] above. On balance, I did not think that the aforementioned matters
were so obvious that it could be said that the plaintiff must have inferred
them. The relevant point that remained was this. There was still no evidence
that the plaintiff knew the terms of the VM loan, especially the loan amount,
the repayment instalments or that the loan had an expiry date. Not being aware
that the VM loan had an expiry date, it followed that the plaintiff could not
have known of the defendant’s need to sell the Grange Road property if the PRC
dispute was not resolved by the expiry of the loan. It was thus not
sufficiently clear that the plaintiff had actually perceived that the sale of
the Grange Road property was due to the reasons stated at [98(b)] above. I was
accordingly not prepared to refuse the interim Mareva injunction on account of
the defendant’s allegation of the plaintiff’s non-disclosure of the
abovementioned reasons.

103 As for the matters relating to the Suit, I have already observed earlier
that the defendant’s allegations regarding the plaintiff’s 1st to 4th Loans
and the S$2.5m Claim were by and large unsubstantiated. In respect of the
plaintiff’s 5th Loan and Remaining Claim, I accepted that the discussions
relating to the funding of the PRC arbitration were material. The plaintiff
did, however, disclose in his original supporting affidavit for SUM 1299 that
these discussions had taken place and gave his account of events, albeit a
brief one. His omission to adduce the draft Framework Agreement itself in
evidence was, in my view, not a sufficient reason to disallow SUM 1299.

104 For the foregoing reasons, I was inclined to grant the interim Mareva
injunction. That said, it was necessary to modify the terms of the injunction
being sought, as I had already granted summary judgment for the S$2.5m Claim,
and the value of the disputed Remaining Claim was only S$500,000. Counsel,
however, encountered difficulties in identifying which of the Listed Assets
needed to be enjoined, as there was uncertainty regarding the value of each of
the said assets. The plaintiff’s counsel was prepared to have only the sale
proceeds of the Grange Road property, and not the other Listed Assets,
enjoined if the said proceeds amounted to at least S$500,000. As mentioned,
however, there was no confirmation from the defendant that the proceeds met
this minimum sum. At the same time, the defendant’s counsel asked for the
defendant to have the flexibility to “set aside S$500,000 arising from any of
[the Listed Assets]”, as opposed to having all of them enjoined.

105 Eventually, counsel agreed that the preferable course would be for the
defendant to simply be granted leave to defend the Remaining Claim under RA
119, on the condition that he furnish security in the sum of S$500,000 by way
of a banker’s guarantee. This helped to assure the plaintiff that any eventual
judgment obtained in his favour could be enforced, and his uncertainty about
the value of the individual Listed Assets was no longer an issue. On the
defendant’s part, he would have greater flexibility compared to the situation
where some or all of the Listed Assets were enjoined. I note in passing that
the defendant would also be relieved of the obligation to file an affidavit
disclosing the whereabouts and value of his assets, which obligation would
have been imposed in the ancillary orders to an interim Mareva injunction.

106 The above thus explains why the parties (in particular, the defendant) had
consented to the terms of the order as set out at [2(a)] above, despite me
having indicated that I was prepared to give the defendant unconditional leave
to defend the Remaining Claim. Given that the plaintiff had obtained the
protection he sought by virtue of the consent order in RA 119, it was no
longer necessary for him to seek the interim Mareva injunction. I accordingly
made no order on SUM 1299.

107 As it turned out, subsequent to my decision of 4 August 2020, the
defendant failed to fulfil the condition upon which he had been granted leave
to defend the Remaining Claim (under the court order he had consented to).
Although this is not material to my present grounds of decision, I note that
final judgment for the plaintiff has been entered on 24 September 2020 in
respect of the Remaining Claim. In adopting his litigation strategy (of
offering the Undertaking at the first hearing of SUM 1299 and consenting to
the grant of conditional leave to defend the Remaining Claim in RA 119), the
defendant has effectively avoided being subject to an interim Mareva
injunction and the ancillary disclosure orders.

Costs

108 Finally, I deal with the issue of costs. As mentioned earlier, I made no
order as to costs for SUM 1299. For RA 119, the defendant’s counsel submitted
that the defendant should pay costs to the plaintiff in the sum of S$1,500.
The plaintiff asked for S$10,000. Neither specified whether their proposed
figures included disbursements. Given that the plaintiff had succeeded in
defending RA 119 in relation to a substantial part of his S$3m claim, I
awarded the plaintiff costs of $6,000 (all-in) to be paid by the defendant.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judge

Boaz Chan and Adrian Koh Shang Yong (Incisive Law LLC) for the plaintiff;

Choo Zheng Xi and Ng Bin Hong (Peter Low & Choo LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Nov 2020 (09:14 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

