Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the SINGAPORE INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL COURT of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC(I) 18

Suit No 4 of 2019 (Summons No 30 and 31 of 2020)

Between

| Singapore Airlines Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| CSDS Aircraft Sales & Leasing Inc  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Further and better particulars]

[Civil Procedure] — [Rules of court]

[Evidence] — [Witnesses] — [Attendance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Singapore Airlines Ltd

  

v

  

CSDS Aircraft Sales & Leasing Inc

[2020] SGHC(I) 18

Singapore International Commercial Court — Suit No 4 of 2019 (Summons No 30
and 31 of 2020)  
Jeremy Lionel Cooke IJ  
22 and 25 June 2020

16 July 2020 Judgment reserved.

Jeremy Lionel Cooke IJ:

1 This judgment pertains to two applications: (a) the plaintiff’s application
for Further and Better Particulars in SIC/SUM 30/2020 (“SUM 30”); and (b) the
plaintiff’s application in SIC/SUM 31/2020 (“SUM 31”) for certain orders
and/or directions. I address the applications in turn.

SUM 30

2 The plaintiff seeks Further and Better Particulars of paragraph 27 of the
Amended Defence and Counterclaim, originally served on 24 May 2019 and amended
twice since, on 1 July 2019 and 11 June 2020, in the light of what are said to
be inadequate further particulars furnished on 21 November 2019 (“Further
Particulars”) in response to a request dated 14 October 2019. That request
related to the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) (which is unchanged
in the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2)) where the following was
pleaded:

27\. The Defendants further aver that due to the airframe not being delivered,
the Defendants had to cancel both the back-to-back contract with CamAir and
the agreement with Turkish Technic to acquire the two Rolls Royce engines.

3 Order 18 rule 12(3) of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“ROC”) provides that the court may order a party to serve on any other party
particulars of any claim, defence or other matters stated in his pleading or a
statement of the nature of the case on which he relies, and the order may be
made on such terms as the court thinks just.

4 Particulars were sought by the plaintiff as to:

(a) when the cancellations took place and of the full facts, matters and
circumstances of the manner in which the defendant, CSDS Aircraft Sales &
Leasing Inc, allegedly cancelled the contract with CamAir and the agreement
with Turkish Technic;

(b) whether the cancellations were made orally or in writing;

(c) if orally, the names and designation of the parties representatives who
made and received the communications on the part of the defendant, CamAir and
Turkish Technic; and

(d) if in writing, the identity of the document that contained the relevant
communications and the full particulars of such documents.

5 In the Further Particulars provided on 21 November 2019, the defendant
stated that the cancellations took place “[i]n or around December 2018” and
that CamAir and Turkish Technic were each contacted by telephone and informed
that the defendant or its associated company was unable to complete the
contracts as the defendant had not procured the aircraft from the plaintiff.
The defendant stated that the particulars sought as to the name and
designation of the parties’ representatives were not relevant to the pleaded
case, using the same wording as that given in response to the request to
identify any documents containing communications of cancellation.

6 The short point at issue is whether or not the plaintiff is entitled to the
particulars that have been refused in relation to the identification of the
parties’ representatives, by name and designation, and the identification of
any relevant documents recording the alleged cancellations. The defendant
maintains that these are matters of evidence, more appropriate to issues of
discovery or interrogatories and are not matters of pleading since the
plaintiff knows the nature of the case being made against it and is able to
plead to it.

7 In support of that proposition, the defendant contends that the application
for these particulars is an abuse of process because further and better
particulars are not to be confused with evidence and “if the only object of
the summons be to obtain the names of witnesses or some other clue to the
evidence of the other party, it will be dismissed”, citing the commentary in
Singapore Civil Procedure 2020 (Vol 1) (Chua Lee Ming gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2020) (“Singapore Civil Procedure 2020”) at para 18/12/51. It is said
that the request is merely a “fishing expedition” in circumstances where the
plaintiff is perfectly able to plead and answer to the case put. It is said,
citing Sharikat Logistics Pte Ltd v Ong Boon Chuan and others [2011] SGHC 196
(“Sharikat Logistics”) at [7] (which in turn cites BA Pension Trustees Ltd v
Sir Robert McAlpine & Sons Ltd 72 BLR 26, 33), that “[t]he basic purpose of
pleadings is to enable the opposing party to know what case is being made in
sufficient detail to enable that party properly to prepare to answer it”. Only
“material facts” need to be pleaded and evidence is not required (Sharikat
Logistics at [8]). “Material facts” are those which are necessary for a party
to know the case it has to meet. As put in Element Six Technologies Ltd v Ila
Technologies Pte Ltd [2017] SGHCR 16 at [12(b)], “[m]aterial facts are the
facts that are necessary for the purpose of formulating a complete cause of
action, so that the opposing party is given fair notice of the case to be met
and may direct his evidence to the relevant issues”.

8 There can be no doubt as to the general principles applicable and the
distinction to be drawn between pleading facts and evidence. Nonetheless, when
facts are pleaded, they must be pleaded with sufficient particularity for the
other party to know the case it has to meet and to assess what evidence it
needs to adduce to meet that case.

9 It is for that reason that both practice and the authorities require details
of pleaded contracts, variations or cancellations to be given, by reference to
what have become fairly standard forms of words. The point is clearly made by
Vivian Ramsey IJ in Arovin Ltd and another v Hadiran Sridjaja [2018] 5 SLR 117
(“Arovin Ltd”), citing the commentary in what was then the Singapore Court
Practice 2018 (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2018) at para 18/12/10,
where an ordinary form of request is set out. That accords with my experience
both domestically in the United Kingdom and internationally in arbitration and
other courts in which I have sat, where a standard form along these lines is
adopted with minor variations:

… stating whether the said [agreement/variation/cancellation] was made orally
or in writing; if orally stating when, where and between whom the said
[agreement/variation/cancellation] was made and stating the substance of the
words used and all relevant terms relied on: if in writing identifying all
material documents.

10 The learned judge in Arovin Ltd went on to point out the difference between
using particulars to seek evidence, namely as to how a matter is to be proved,
as opposed to particulars of the facts which are to be proved, referring to
the then current Singapore Civil Procedure 2018 (Foo Chee Hock editor-in-
chief) (Sweet & Maxwell 2018) at para 18/12/5 (in identical terms in the
current commentary) as to what was required when pleading an agreement. At [5]
of Arovin Ltd, the judge stated that, in circumstances where there were
express understandings reached orally, particulars could properly be requested
of the identity of those between whom the oral communications were made as
well as the date upon which and the time and place at which the communications
took place.

11 The same point is made in Surge Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd v Powertec
Engineers Pte Ltd [2002] SGHC 280 and in Singapore Civil Procedure 2020 at
para 18/12/51 that it matters not if a party is, by reason of the order to
produce such required particulars, compelled to disclose the names of its
witnesses or some part of the evidence upon which it proposes to rely at
trial.

12 In such circumstances the plaintiff is entitled to the particulars
requested, and the defendant is required to identify the individuals who were
involved in the cancellation arrangements. The request, following on from the
previous answer that the cancellation arrangements were made by telephone in
or about December 2018 requires the defendant to state the name and
designation of each of the parties’ representatives who made and received the
relevant communications and if there was any communication in writing, to
identify the documents containing those communications, giving full
particulars of the documents in question.

13 In an affidavit filed on behalf of the defendant, it was suggested that
there was inexcusable delay in bringing the application, but the point was not
pursued in the defendant’s submissions and has no substance because the
parties were, in the interim period between November 2019 and the date of the
summons, engaged in attempts to settle this matter, which resulted in an
adjournment of various dates fixed for hearings and, moreover, no prejudice
could be shown to flow from the delay in any event.

14 The plaintiff is therefore entitled to the orders sought and to costs.
Costs are to be assessed if they cannot be agreed on between the parties.

SUM 31

15 The plaintiff’s application in SUM 31 is for, in the main, the following
orders/directions:

(a) that the trial in SIC/S 4/2019 be bifurcated, with the trial on the issue
of liability in relation to the plaintiff’s claims and the defendant’s
counterclaim be heard separately from, and prior to, the hearing of an
assessment of damages for the plaintiff’s claims and the defendant’s
counterclaims (if necessary);

(b) in respect of the trial on liability only, that evidence shall be given by
way of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief, and the taking of oral evidence
(including examination-in-chief, cross-examination and re-examination) shall
be dispensed with; and

(c) that within four weeks of an order made in respect of SUM 31,

(i) the plaintiff shall file its application to amend its Statement of Claim
(Amendment No. 2) filed on 21 May 2020, setting out particulars of its loss
and damage; and

(ii) the plaintiff shall provide to the defendant additional documents that it
relies on in respect of its loss and damage.

16 The parties have agreed that I should determine this application on paper
without oral submissions pursuant to directions given by the court.

The powers of the court

17 The relevant provision appears at O 33 r 2 of the ROC that is effective for
the Singapore International Commercial Court (“the SICC”) by reason of O 110 r
3 of the ROC, which also provides that the court may, if it considers that
doing so is necessary or desirable for the just, expeditious and economical
disposal of any proceedings in the court, make such order as the court
considers just and appropriate.

18 Order 33 rules 2 and 3 of the ROC provide as follows:

Time, etc., of trial of questions or issues (O. 33, r. 2)

2. The Court may order any question or issue arising in a cause or matter, whether of fact or law or partly of fact and partly of law, and whether raised by the pleadings or otherwise, to be tried before, at or after the trial of the cause or matter, and may give directions as to the manner in which the question or issue shall be stated.

Determining mode of trial (O. 33, r. 3)

3.—(1) In every action begun by writ, an order made on the summons for
directions shall determine the mode of the trial; and any such order may be
varied by a subsequent order of the Court made at or before the trial.

(2) In any such action different questions or issues may be ordered to be
tried by different modes of trial and one or more questions or issues may be
ordered to be tried before the others.

…

19 The power of the Singapore High Court to order a split trial of different
issues, and in particular to order a split trial of liability issues from
issues of damages is indisputable and its decision as to mode of trial is pre-
eminently a matter of case management for the court’s discretionary
determination.

20 Order 38 rules 1 to 3 of the ROC provide, so far as relevant:

General rule: Witnesses to be examined (O. 38, r. 1)

1. Subject to these Rules and the Evidence Act (Cap. 97), and any other written law relating to evidence, any fact required to be proved at the trial of any action begun by writ by the evidence of witnesses shall be proved by the examination of the witnesses in open Court.

Evidence by affidavit (O. 38, r. 2)

2.—(1) Without prejudice to the generality of Rule 1, and unless otherwise
provided by any written law or by these Rules, at the trial of an action
commenced by writ, evidence-in-chief of a witness shall be given by way of
affidavit and, unless the Court otherwise orders or the parties to the action
otherwise agree, such a witness shall attend trial for cross-examination and,
in default of his attendance, his affidavit shall not be received in evidence
except with the leave of the Court.

(2) In any cause or matter begun by originating summons and on any application
made by summons, evidence shall be given by affidavit unless in the case of
any such cause, matter or application any provision of these Rules otherwise
provides or the Court otherwise directs, but the Court may, on the application
of any party, order the attendance for cross-examination of the person making
any such affidavit, and where, after such an order has been made, the person
in question does not attend, his affidavit shall not be used as evidence
without the leave of the Court.

…

Evidence by particular facts (O. 38, r. 3)

3.—(1) Without prejudice to Rule 2, the Court may, at or before the trial of
any action, order that evidence of any particular fact shall be given at the
trial in such manner as may be specified by the order.

(2) The power conferred by paragraph (1) extends in particular to ordering
that evidence of any particular fact may be given at the trial —

(a) by statement on oath of information or belief;

(b) by the production of documents or entries in books;

(c) by copies of documents or entries in books; …

21 Again, it is clear from the above provisions that the Singapore High Court
has the power to allow evidence to be given by a number of different means and
although, in an ordinary trial, Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief and cross-
examination are the norm, it is open to the court to adopt a procedure akin to
that for originating summonses and to dispense with cross-examination and the
attendance of witnesses where it is just and convenient to do so. Order 38
rule 2 of the ROC specifically provides for the court not to follow the
ordinary procedure and to order otherwise or for the parties so to agree. The
court is not bound by the absence of agreement of the parties to a different
procedure.

22 The terms of Orders 33 and 38 of the ROC cited above therefore do not make
any exercise of the powers referred to conditional on the consent of the
parties. The defendant, however, argues that the position is different in the
SICC by reason of the terms of Order 110 of the ROC which specifically apply
to it. Order 110 itself, by reason of the words “Subject to this Order” which
appear below, provides that it must prevail over the Rules for the High Court
which are otherwise incorporated into the practice of the SICC. Order 110, so
far as relevant, provides as follows:

Application of Rules of Court (O. 110, r. 3)

3.—(1) Subject to this Order, the provisions of these Rules apply to all
proceedings in the Court and all appeals from the Court.

(2) Despite any provision of these Rules but subject to paragraph (3), the
Court may, if it considers that doing so is necessary or desirable for the
just, expeditious and economical disposal of any proceedings in the Court —

(a) make such order as the Court considers just and appropriate; or

(b) set aside, amend or supplement any of the following:

(i) any order made under sub-paragraph (a);

(ii) any order amended under this sub-paragraph;

(iii) any supplementary order made under this sub-paragraph.

(3) Where any provision of these Rules makes the exercise of a power by the
Court conditional on a party agreeing or consenting to the exercise of that
power by the Court, paragraph (2) does not authorise the Court to exercise
that power without the agreement or consent of that party.

23 Under O 110 r 23 of the ROC, the SICC may specify applicable rules of
evidence in the circumstances set out therein. I reproduce O 110 r 23 as
follows:

Court may specify applicable rules of evidence (O. 110, r. 23)

23.—(1) The Court may, on the application of a party, order that —

(a) any rule of evidence found in Singapore law, whether under the Evidence
Act (Cap.97), in these Rules (but not in this Rule) or elsewhere, shall not
apply; and

(b) such other rules of evidence (if any), whether such rules are found in
foreign law or otherwise, shall apply instead.

(2) An application under paragraph (1) can only be made if all parties agree
on —

(a) the rules of evidence that shall not apply for the purposes of paragraph
(1)(a); and

(b) any rules of evidence that shall apply instead for the purposes of
paragraph (1)(b).

(3) In making an order under paragraph (1), the Court may, for the just,
expeditious and economical disposal of the proceedings —

(a) modify the parties’ agreement under paragraph (2), but only with the
parties’ consent; and

(b) stipulate such further conditions that supplement and are consistent with
the parties’ agreement (or modified agreement) as the Court sees fit.

(4) The Court may, from time to time, amend or supplement any order under
paragraph (1), but only in accordance with paragraph (3) and after hearing the
parties.

…

24 Further, O 110 r 51 of the ROC provides:

Court may dispense with attendance by solicitors and oral arguments in certain
matters (O. 110, r. 51)

51. The Court may dispense with the attendance of the parties’ solicitors, and give the Court’s decision without hearing oral arguments, in any of the following matters:

(a) an ex parte application;

(b) an application to which all parties have consented;

(c) any matter in relation to which the parties consent to dispense with the
attendance of their solicitors and oral arguments.

25 The effect of O 110 r 23 of the ROC, in my judgment, is to maintain the
provisions of the ROC relating to evidence applicable to the Singapore High
Court for the SICC unless the parties otherwise agree on an application to
vary them. There is no such agreement here, so that the provisions of Orders
38 and 33 of the ROC continue to apply without the need for the consent of the
parties. The court may order split trials and accept evidence on affidavit
without cross-examination if it considers it just to do so.

26 However, the effect of O 110 r 51 of the ROC is that the SICC cannot
dispense with oral arguments save in the circumstances set out therein, none
of which apply here because the current position is that the defendant does
not accede to the request to do so, despite having originally suggested this
for the whole trial on liability and damages.

The court’s decision

27 There is only one question that really arises on the present application
for a bifurcated or split trial, and that is whether or not such a bifurcated
trial is likely to produce substantial savings in time and expense, without
causing any prejudice or injustice. It is plain, in my judgment, that the
order for a bifurcated trial is likely to have this effect without causing any
prejudice to either party or injustice. It appears to me to be self-evident
that both time and costs can be saved and that the defendant’s objections are
ill-founded.

28 In a letter dated 15 May 2020 (“the 15 May letter”), the defendant’s
lawyers suggested that the trial of all the issues take place on paper alone
without any oral evidence or the presence of lawyers to make oral submissions.
On 22 May 2020, the plaintiff replied to say that the issues of damages
required cross-examination of witnesses and proposed a split trial in which
liability issues were determined on paper (as the defendant had suggested),
but that the issue of damages be heard separately on the normal basis, ie,
with oral evidence and cross-examination. In the defendant’s reply letter
dated 26 May 2020, it adopted an “all or nothing” approach in response, ie,
that either all of the issues were addressed by written submissions or not at
all.

29 The basis upon which it had been suggested by the defendant – in the 15 May
letter – that the whole dispute be determined on paper alone can be seen from
the following terms of that letter:

3\. Our clients are of the view that all of the facts in this matter can be
proved on the documents, the authenticity of which is not in issue, and that
the matter can be decided on written submissions. In fact, none of the issues
involve witness testimony requiring cross-examination.

4\. Our clients thus propose that an application under Order 110 Rule 23 be
made by consent, seeking an order of court that:

a. only written Witness Statements exhibiting the necessary documentary
evidence be tendered as evidence; and,

b. that the following rules of evidence requiring the taking of oral evidence
(through examination-in-chief, cross-examination and re-examination of
witnesses) be dispensed with:

i. Sections 137 to 168 of the Evidence Act (which deal with the Examination of
Witnesses at trial);

ii. Order 38 Rule 1 of the Rules of Court (which provides the general rule
that witnesses are to be examined); and,

iii. All other related rules be subject to necessary modifications to reflect
the intention of parties to dispense with the taking of oral evidence.

5\. Our clients further propose that all arguments be presented by way of
written submissions, with parties agreeing to dispense with the attendance of
their solicitors and oral arguments in the Suit under Order 110 Rule 51. This
can be achieved by a simultaneous exchange of Written Submissions and a
further simultaneous exchange of Reply Submissions.

6\. Our clients are of the view that such an application would allow the Suit
to be dealt with expeditiously and would save costs.

[emphasis in underline in original]

30 It is clear therefore that the defendant desired all aspects of the dispute
to be determined on paper alone, a step beyond the manner now proposed by the
plaintiff for the liability aspect only, which does not seek for all
submissions be made in writing without opportunity for oral argument.

31 Despite all the arguments which the defendant now advances as to the need
for special circumstances or complex issues of damages to justify a split
trial on liability and damages, the position is clear on the authorities and
as a matter of practice. A court may bifurcate a trial if it is just and
convenient to do so, and that is the position if substantial cost and time is
likely to be saved if the liability issues are resolved first. Reference need
only be made to Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor and others and another
appeal [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 at [64] and ACB v Thomson Medical Pte Ltd and
others [2017] 1 SLR 918 at [22].

32 In Scintronix Corp Ltd v Ho Kang Peng and another [2011] SGHC 28, the court
held that in recent years the “[c]ourts in Singapore, as their counterparts in
England, have been more amenable to bifurcate hearings”. I cite the relevant
paragraphs as follows (at [25]–[26]):

25 The rules on the bifurcation of hearings are not written in stone.
Bifurcation is intrinsically related to case management. When policies on case
management change, the attitude on bifurcation changes accordingly. The
contrast between the position in the 1950s as exemplified by Polskie – that
bifurcation is “a rare occasion” – and the position in the 1970s as manifested
in Coenen – that time has come to adopt a new approach such that in the future
the courts should be more ready to make bifurcation orders – clearly reflects
this change.

26 Polskie and Coenen are English decisions, and the developments that gave
rise to the aforementioned change do not necessarily apply to Singapore.
However, the Court of Appeal ’s observation in Lee Chee Wei [v Tan Hor Peow
Victor and others and another appeal [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 (“Lee Chee Wei”)]
that the trial should have been divided into liability followed by damages is
entirely applicable. Courts in Singapore, as their counterparts in England,
have been more amenable to bifurcate hearings. The Court of Appeal’s
observation in Lee Chee Wei that the hearing should have been bifurcated
reflects the present attitude. This development may be a response to the
increased caseload of the courts. Bifurcation enables the courts to deal with
more cases, and depose with those cases where liability is not established.
Even in a case where liability is established, there is still savings of court
time, as the damages can be dealt with by a registrar, allowing the judge to
go on and hear other cases.

[emphasis added in italics]

33 The overall position here is straightforward. There is an argument as to
which party is in repudiation of the Aircraft Purchase Agreement of 19
September 2018. Both parties agreed at one point that this could be resolved
on the documentary exchanges between the parties, and nothing has changed in
that respect. The defendant has not suggested (and any such suggestion would
ring hollow in the light of the 15 May letter set out above) that there is any
evidence of the plaintiff’s witnesses in their affidavits which needs probing
in cross-examination on issues of liability. Whilst the issue as to which
party is in repudiation is in itself by no means straightforward, the witness
evidence, above and beyond the documentary exchanges, is not suggested by
either party to be in any way determinative of the result. The evidence in the
affidavits, apart from exhibiting the documents, is not critical to the
outcome and neither party maintains that it is. The evidence of the witnesses
of fact is effectively uncontested or irrelevant to the main issues and falls
within the ambit of what is suggested in Wan Lai Ting v Kea Kah Kim [2014] 4
SLR 795 at [21] and Industrial & Commercial Bank Ltd v PD International Pte
Ltd [2003] 1 SLR(R) 382 at [17]–[23] (see also Arab Monetary Fund v Hashim (No
7) [1993] 1 WLR 1014). The evidence needed for the determination of liability
has been agreed – by the parties’ lawyers in mutual exchanges in
correspondence – to be documentary, as exhibited to the affidavits or
pleadings.

34 Each party has a claim for damages on the basis of the other’s repudiation.
It is obvious that if liability is decided in a split trial, there will then
only be a need to investigate and decide the claim of one of the two parties
to damages. The plaintiff has not yet given particulars of its claim for
damages, but the defendant has done so, claiming US$6.5m for lost profits and
US$1m for damage to reputation. The defendant’s case gives rise to the need
for oral evidence and testing on cross-examination, as argued at paragraph 21
of the plaintiff’s submissions in its letter of 25 June 2020. That appears to
me to be incontestable and the defendant does not now suggest otherwise. There
is thus a clear distinction between the liability claim where no live evidence
is needed from either side and the defendant’s damages claim where live
evidence is required. Whether or not the plaintiff’s damages claim requires
live evidence is currently unknown. The savings involved in not having to
explore both the plaintiff’s and the defendant’s claim for damages for
repudiation, and instead only having to determine the issue of damages in
respect of one of them after liability has been found one way or the other,
are clear.

35 The plaintiff, in its own application in SUM 31, seeks an order that it
file an application to amend its Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) setting
out the particulars of its loss and damage, and provide to the defendant
additional documents that it relies on in respect of its loss and damage,
within four weeks of an order made in respect of SUM 31. I agree that this is
a sensible proposal.

36 I need say no more on the issue of a bifurcated trial and the question of
evidence in that regard. The plaintiff succeeds in its application for the
orders sought as set out at [15] above.

37 It is however plain that, unless the parties so agree, the attendance of
lawyers to argue the case cannot be dispensed with, although a virtual hearing
of oral submissions can be arranged if required, in view of the COVID-19
situation.

38 In the circumstances, costs must follow the event, and costs are to be the
subject of assessment if not agreed between the parties.

Jeremy Lionel Cooke  
International Judge

Tan Teck San Kelvin, Chen Chuanjian Jason, Chng Hu Ping (Drew & Napier LLC)
for the plaintiff;  
Roderick Edward Martin SC, Rajaram Ramiah, Yap Yongzhi Gideon, Eugene Tan
(RHTLaw Asia LLP) for the defendant.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

16 July 2020

Case summary

Singapore Airlines Ltd v CSDS Aircraft Sales & Leasing Inc [2020] SGHC(I) 18

  

Suit No 4 of 2019 (Summons No 30 and 31 of 2020)

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Singapore International Commercial Court (Jeremy Lionel Cooke
IJ):

Outcome: The Singapore International Commercial Court allows the plaintiff’s
applications in SIC/SUM 30/2020 (“SUM 30”) for Further and Better Particulars,
and in SIC/SUM 31/2020 (“SUM 31”) for various orders and/or directions, which
mainly relate to the bifurcation of the trial and the mode of taking of
evidence.

SUM 30

Facts

1 The plaintiff’s application in SUM 30 was for Further and Better Particulars
of the Amended Defence and Counterclaim, following what were said to be
inadequate further particulars furnished by the defendant in response to a
request. That request related to the allegation in the Defence and
Counterclaim that the defendant suffered actionable loss as it had to cancel
certain contracts with third parties. Particulars were sought by the plaintiff
as to (a) when the cancellations took place and of the full facts, matters and
circumstances of the manner in which the defendant allegedly cancelled the
third party contracts; (b) whether the cancellations were made orally or in
writing; (c) if orally, the names and designations of the parties
representatives who made and received the communications on the part of the
defendant and the third parties; and (d) if in writing, the identity and full
particulars of the relevant documents.

2 In the further particulars provided by the defendant, the defendant stated
that the cancellations took place over telephone communications in or around
December 2018. The defendant refused to provide particulars sought relating to
the name and designation of the parties’ representatives.

Decision of the court

3 The plaintiff is entitled to the particulars requested, and the defendant is
required to identify the individuals who were involved in the cancellation
arrangements (at [12]). In circumstances where there were express
understandings reached orally, particulars could properly be requested of the
identity of those between whom the oral communications were made as well as
the date upon which and the time and place at which the communications took
place.

SUM 31

Facts

4 The plaintiff’s application in SUM 31 was for, in the main, the following
orders/directions:

(a) that the trial be bifurcated; (b) in respect of the trial on liability
only, that evidence shall be given by way of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief,
and the taking of oral evidence shall be dispensed with; and (c) that within
four weeks of an order made in respect of SUM 31, (i) the plaintiff shall file
its application to amend its Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) setting out
particulars of its loss and damage; and (ii) the plaintiff shall provide to
the defendant additional documents that it relies on in respect of its loss
and damage.

Decision

5 The plaintiff’s application for the orders as set out above at [4] is
allowed.

6 The High Court has the power to order a split trial of different issues and
the power to allow evidence to be given by various means, including dispensing
with the taking of oral evidence. The exercise of such powers is not
conditional on the consent of the parties (at [17]–[19], [20]–[22]). The rules
relating to evidence applicable to the Singapore High Court are maintained in
relation to the Singapore International Commercial Court (“SICC”), unless the
parties otherwise agree on an application to vary them (at [25]). The SICC
cannot dispense with oral arguments save in several specified circumstances,
none of which apply to this case (at [26]).

7 A bifurcated trial in this case would save time and costs, without causing
any prejudice or injustice to either party (at [27], [31], [34]). The evidence
for the determination of the issue of liability has been agreed to be
documentary. The evidence of the witnesses of fact is effectively uncontested
or irrelevant to the main issues (at [33]). The plaintiff’s proposal to amend
its Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) setting out the particulars of its
loss and damage and provide to the defendant additional documents that it
relies on in respect of such loss and damage is a sensible one (at [35]).
Unless the parties agree, the attendance of lawyers to argue the case cannot
be dispensed with (at [37]).

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court.
All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s judgment.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 02 Jul 2021 (12:37 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

