Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 129

Suit No 730 of 2018

Between

HUATIONG CONTRACTOR PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

CHOON LAI KUEN t/a  
YISHUN TRADING TOWING SERVICE  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Exclusion clauses]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Huationg Contractor Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Choon Lai Kuen (trading as Yishun Trading Towing Service)

[2020] SGHC 129

High Court —Suit No 730 of 2018  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
18 – 20 February, 24 February, 26 February, 26 March 2020

24 June 2020

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 Most of the journey from Fort Road to Benoi Crescent is conducted on the
Ayer Rajah Expressway (“the AYE”). The route is relatively flat, gradient-
wise, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notes of evidence (“NE”) 26 Feb 2020, p 29 lines 12 – 22

and has few traffic lights or bends to negotiate. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

NE 24 Feb 2020, p18 lines 6 – 10

Most drivers can expect an uneventful journey, especially on a late Friday
afternoon. This was exactly Mr. Ong Sen Lian’s (“Ong”) experience 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Bundle of Affidavits Vol. 3 of 3 (“BAFF 3”), p 1061 para 11

as he operated a concrete pump truck (“the Truck”) which was towed across the
AYE from Fort Road to Benoi Crescent on 20 July 2012. As he neared Benoi
Crescent, he found smoke emitting from the Truck. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

BAFF 3, p 1061 para 12

Before long, the Truck’s chassis and tyres had caught fire. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Bundle of Affidavits Vol. 2 of 3 (“BAFF 2”) p 597

The present action centred on the nature and cause of this fire.

2 The suit was brought by the owners of the Truck against the towing company
which had been entrusted with transporting the Truck. The plaintiff-owner
alleged breaches of a bailment contract. The defendant-company denied the
breaches and sought, in the alternative, to rely on limitation and exemption
clauses which had been purportedly incorporated into the contract. Following
five days of trial, I granted judgment in favour of the defendant. My reasons
were as follows.

Facts

The parties

3 Huationg Contractor Pte Ltd (“Huationg”) is the plaintiff-owner of the
Truck. Yishun Trading Towing Service (“Yishun Towing”) is the defendant-
company that had been entrusted with transporting the Truck from Fort Road to
Benoi Crescent on 20 July 2012. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

BAFF 3, p 726 para 5

The contractual arrangement between the parties

4 The contract between the parties was not captured in any written document. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

BAFF 3 p 726 para 8; BAFF 2 p 474 para 10

However, parties broadly agreed that Huationg’s chief executive officer, Mr
Patrick Ng (“Ng”) 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

BAFF 2, p 471 para 1

had spoken to Yishun Towing’s operations manager, Mr Koh Tian Siew (“Koh”) 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

BAFF 3, p 964 para 1

and had engaged Yishun Towing for towing services at a meeting sometime in
2007. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

BAFF 2, p 474 para 8; NE 20 Feb 2020, p 41 lines 19 - 21

The resulting contract (“the services agreement”) envisioned Yishun Towing
providing towing services as and when Huationg requested for them. At the
meeting, the main term discussed was the price to be charged per towing trip.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

BAFF 2, p 474 para 10; NE 20 Feb 2020, p 42 lines 15 - 17

Notably, the parties did not discuss any exemption or limitation of liability
clause. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE 20 Feb 2020, p 42 lines 18 – 20; BAFF 2 p 484 para 40

A set of limitation and exemption clauses were printed on the reverse side of
Yishun Towing’s work orders. These work orders however, were not shown or even
referenced at the meeting. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE 20 Feb 2020, p 42 lines 21 – 23

5 Work orders were operational documents that tracked and recorded the job
assignments received by Yishun Towing. They followed a standard form 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Bundle of Documents Volume 2 of 4 (“BDOC 2”), pp 543 - 766

and, as stated earlier, had a set of limitation and exemption clauses (“the
liability clauses”) printed on the reverse side: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

BDOC 2, p 544

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1\. The Customer and the owner shall defend and indemnify the Company against
all claims and demands of whatsoever nature and by whomsoever made and
howsoever arising (from Company’s fault, what of diligence, negligence or
otherwise) in excess of SGD$20,000.00 or where the Company is excluded from
liability under this Agreement without excess arising directly or indirectly
from the collection carriage storage and/or delivery of the Goods.

2\. The Company shall not be liable for the loss, misdelivery or damage to the
goods if such loss, misdelivery or damage has arisen from: -

a) Act of God;

b) compliance with instructions given to the Company by the Customer or Owner
or any other person entitled to give them;

c) Act. default or omission of whatsoever nature by the Customer, or Owner,
its servant or agents or any person having an interest in the Goods;

d) handling, loading, storage or unloading of the Goods by the Customer or
Owner.

…

5\. The Company shall not in any [sic] be liable for any claim cost or damage
to the Goods by whomsoever made and howsoever arising (from the Company’s
fault, what of diligence, negligence wilful misconduct or otherwise) if the
Company is not notified in writing of the loss or damage before the expiration
of 30 days after transit ends or 7 days after delivery whichever is the later.

…

6 The standard practice 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

BAFF 2, pp 483 – 484, para 38; BAFF 3, p 727 para 9

was for Yishun Towing’s drivers to generate a work order upon receiving a
towing assignment from Huationg. The work order would detail matters such as
the arrival time, delivery time, the date of operation and route taken. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

BDOC 2, p 543

This work order would be collated by Yishun Towing and, together with an
invoice, submitted to Huationg every two weeks. Huationg would then verify the
work orders and invoices, and make payments to Yishun Towing accordingly.
Yishun Towing too, would use these work orders to keep track of the trips that
its drivers had completed. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE 20 Feb 2020, p 17 lines 14 – 16

This was useful for computing its drivers’ salaries, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE 20 Feb 2020, p 17 lines 27 – 29

as they (the drivers) were paid on a per-trip basis. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE 20 Feb 2020, p 17 lines 20 – 22

The events of 20 July 2012

7 Yishun Towing was instructed by Huationg to tow the Truck from Fort Road to
9 Benoi Crescent on 20 July 2012. Koh arranged for Ong and another driver to
undertake the towing assignment. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

BAFF 3, p 967 para 16

A typical towing operation involved one driver operating the towing vehicle
and another operating the towed vehicle, in this case, the Truck. Although
this is described as a towing operation, the “towed” vehicle – the Truck – is
propelled by its own motor even as it is attached to the rear of the towing
vehicle (the parties agreed that this is a safety requirement of the Land
Transport Authority). With the engines of both vehicles operating to propel
each vehicle during the towing process 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

BAFF 3, p 1060 paras 8 – 10

, both drivers have to coordinate their driving through a series of hand
signals and established practices 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 24 Feb 2020, p 19 lines 3 – 22

to ensure smooth acceleration and cruising deceleration.

8 Prior to commencing the towing operation, Ong and his partner visually
inspected the Truck to check for deflated tyres and ensured that the brakes
were functioning. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

BAFF 3, p 1060 paras 7 – 8

Nothing was amiss. Separately, Huationg had also serviced the Truck on 14 July
2012, finding no issues with the Truck. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

BAFF 2, p 476 para 17; BAFF 2, p 553

In other words, there was nothing out of the ordinary when Ong and his partner
commenced the towing operation.

9 Throughout the journey, Ong said that he kept an eye on the brake air
pressure meter 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE 24 Feb 2020, p 21 lines 14 – 15

, checked his mirrors regularly 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE 24 Feb 2020, p 21 lines 23 – 26

and was alert to any sluggishness, drag or resistance whilst operating the
Truck. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE 24 Feb 2020, p 20 lines 17 – 20

He did not experience anything unusual and described the journey as
“uneventful”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

BAFF 3, p 1061 para 11

10 However, as they neared Benoi Crescent, he noticed that “the tyre area at
the right portion of the [Truck]” was emitting smoke. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

BAFF 3, p 1061 para 12

He saw this in the “right side mirror of the [Truck]”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

BAFF 3, p 1061 para 12

Ong recounted that there had been “no squealing sound coming from the tyres,
nor [had] there [been] skid marks on the road”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

BAFF 3, p 1061 para 16

Ong and his partner pulled over their vehicles and before long, the Truck’s
tyres and chasis had caught fire. The Singapore Civil Defence Force’s Report
concluded that: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Bundle of Affidavits Vol. 1 of 3 (“BAFF 1”), p 27 para 2

“The fire was localised to the tyre of [the Truck] which was on tow. We
believed that the brake pads were somehow engaged and this resulted in
frictional heating as the vehicle was towed. There were no other possible
accidental fire causes and there were no indicators of incendiarism”.

11 Both Huationg’s and Yishun Towing’s experts agreed with this conclusion. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

BAFF 3, p 1039 section 2.2; BAFF 1, p 23 para 38; NE 26 Feb 2020 p 52 lines 27
– 31, p 53 lines 1 – 5, p 53 lines 15 – 22

The only question was how the brake pads had been engaged.

Issues to be determined

12 The parties agreed that the services agreement was a bailment contract. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) p 33 para 113

The onus was therefore on Yishun Towing to prove, on a balance of
probabilities, that it had taken reasonable care of the concrete pump truck:
Sun Technosystems Pte Ltd v Federal Express Services (M) Sdn Bhd [2007] 1
SLR(R) 411 at [12] (“Sun Technosystems”). Though not obliged to identify the
precise cause of the damage complained of, a bailee (Yishun Towing, in this
case) may nonetheless do so in a bid to absolve itself of allegations of
negligence: Sun Technosystems at [16].

13 To that end, Yishun Towing sought to prove that the fire was not caused by
negligence on its part. Therefore, the first issue involved identifying the
cause of the fire (“the Causation Issue”). In the alternative, Yishun Towing
sought to rely on the liability clauses in defending itself against Huationg’s
claims. Therefore, the second issue was whether the liability clauses had been
successfully incorporated into the services agreement (“the Incorporation
Issue”).

Issue 1: The Causation Issue

14 At trial, three theories were proposed by the experts:

(a) Ong had accidentally engaged the parking brake sometime during the towing
operation. The parking brake however, had only been partially engaged so the
vehicle could still move. The friction and resultant heat from brake pads
rubbing against the brake drum caused the fire. This was Huationg’s first
theory (“the Accident Theory”).

(b) Ong, as a nervous and inexperienced driver, had periodically applied the
service brakes while the Truck was in motion. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 67 lines 26 – 30

This is known as “riding” 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 66 lines 22 - 23

the brakes. This caused frequent, regular application of the brake pads to a
moving brake drum. The friction and resultant heat from brake pads rubbing
against the brake drum caused the fire. This was Huationg’s second theory
(“the Riding Theory”).

(c) Air pressure had slowly fallen in the parking brake’s pressure chamber.
Under normal circumstances, the air pressure would have kept a large spring in
the braking chamber compressed. This spring, which was connected to the
braking rod, slowly decompressed as the air pressure decreased in the chamber.
As the spring was gradually released, the parking brakes were partially
engaged. The vehicle could still move but the friction and resultant heat from
the brake pads rubbing against the brake drum caused the fire. This was Yishun
Towing’s sole theory (“the Pressure Leak Theory”).

15 I rejected both of Huationg’s theories and accepted Yishun Towing’s theory.
My reasons were as follows.

The Accident Theory

16 The Accident Theory relied on two key assumptions, the absence of either
being fatal to the theory. First, it assumed that Ong had accidentally engaged
the brakes. There was no evidence to that effect. Ong testified that he kept
an eye on all the necessary instruments throughout the journey (see above at
[9]). These instruments, the air pressure gauge in particular, would have
alerted him if the parking brake had been engaged. He was also reasonably
experienced, having driven delivery lorries for a year 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 24 Feb 2020, p 3 lines 23 – 28

before joining Yishun Towing, and having operated heavy vehicles for Yishun
Towing for one and a half years 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

BAFF 3 1060 para 4

by the time of the incident. In fact, he had been operating concrete pump
trucks for towing operations since January 2012 after he had successfully
obtained his Class 5 license. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE 24 Feb 2020, p 4 lines 25 – 28

I did not find any credible basis for finding that Ong had accidentally
engaged the parking brake.

17 Indeed, the parking brake lever had a conspicuously red knob 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE 18 Feb 2020, p 51 lines 20 - 24

and being a dead-man’s switch, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 38 lines 11 – 13

required some amount of force to engage. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

BDOC 2, p 519 (video)

This was hardly a conducive setup for accidentally engaging a parking brake.
Moreover, a red light would have lit up on the dashboard if the parking brake
had been engaged 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE 18 Feb 2020, p51 lines 15 - 16

– the same dashboard which housed the air pressure gauge that Ong had been
checking regularly during the trip. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

BDOC 2, p 535

18 Even if the brake had been engaged without attracting any attention, the
entire truck would have come to a standstill. As recounted by Mr Peter Joseph
Holce (“Holce”), Yishun Towing’s expert witness, a parking brake is
“incredibly strong” when engaged: “2 tonnes [of force] acting on each push
rod, on each brake; and you’ve got six of those”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 40 lines 25 – 26

But Ong’s testimony did not mention any sudden halt of the vehicle, and
neither were there any skid marks on the road 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

BAFF 3, p 1061 para 16

– the tell-tale signs of a parking brake engaged abruptly. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 41 lines 7 – 15

19 Therefore, the Accident Theory required a second assumption: ie, that the
parking brake had been faulty 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 64 lines 22 – 29

and was only partially engaged when activated. But this assumption too, was
not supported by the evidence. None of the pre-journey checks suggested that
anything had been amiss (see above at [8]). Huationg’s own maintenance check
(conducted less than a week before the incident) indicated that the service
brakes had been in good order. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Bundle of Documents Volume 1 of 4 (“BDOC 1”), p 216

As the service brake system and the parking brake system used the same braking
system, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

BAFF 3, p 1043 (diagram); NE 26 Feb 2020, p 80 lines 19 – 22

an assessment that the service brakes had been in satisfactory condition
necessarily indicated that the parking brakes had been in good order too.
Furthermore, Mr Kelvin Koay (“Koay”), Huationg’s expert witness, acknowledged
that all the parking brakes must have been somewhat faulty for this theory to
hold. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 77 lines 27 – 31; p 78 lines 1 – 19

Such extensive faultiness would have been identified in the maintenance check.

20 Taken together, the failure to establish both these assumptions meant that
it was unlikely that the parking brake had been accidentally engaged. As such,
I rejected the Accident Theory.

The Riding Theory

21 As mentioned earlier, a driver is said to “ride” his brakes when he
constantly engages the service brakes while the vehicle is in motion. Each
application of the brakes naturally creates friction and heat as the brake
pads rub against the brake drums. However, given that braking systems are
over-engineered with a significant “margin of safety”, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 33 lines 13 – 18

it would take a substantial amount of friction to generate the sort of heat
that lights tyres on fire. In determining whether riding the brakes could have
generated such high amounts of friction and heat, three main factors were
considered during trial:

(a) Weight of the vehicles – the heavier the vehicle, the more braking force
would have been used to slow it down, generating more friction and heat.

(b) Speed that the vehicles were moving at before brakes were applied – the
faster the vehicle moves, the more braking force would have to be used,
generating more friction and heat.

(c) Frequency of brake application – the more frequently the brakes were
engaged, the more friction and heat would be generated.

22 While the combined weight of these vehicles was substantial, I did not
attach great importance to this factor. It is entirely normal for the vehicle
being towed (the Truck, in this case) to do the braking for the towing
operation. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 33 lines 24 – 26

In such cases, the Truck may very well be taking the load off slowing down
both the tow truck in front as well as its own load. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 21 lines 27 - 31

However, a concrete pump truck is designed with towing in mind. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Bundle of Documents Volume 4 of 4 (“BDOC 4”), pp 1297 – 1300

It is more than capable of handling the load of braking for two vehicles, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 33 lines 30 - 31

and is designed to dissipate the heat generated from such towing operations.
58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 24 lines 16 – 18

23 Speed wise, the vehicles were travelling the fastest while on the AYE. This
was about 60km/h. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE 24 Feb 2020, p 17 lines 6 – 8

However, Ong was unlikely to have ridden the brakes whilst on the AYE. There
were no particularly steep or extensive incline to negotiate 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 29 lines 12 – 22

and traffic conditions were normal that day. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE 24 Feb 2020, p 16 lines 30 – 31

The route had few bends 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE 24 Feb 2020, p 18 lines 6 – 7

to navigate and being an expressway, did not have any traffic lights along the
way. In other words, there was little reason for him to have used the brakes
(besides normal operations) on the AYE, much less to riding the brakes.

24 If he had ridden the brakes on the Truck, it would have been done after the
Truck had exited the expressway. But here, I was not convinced that Ong could
have ridden the brakes so frequently and generated the sort of friction in the
brake drums that would set the tyres on fire. For a start, the Truck was
moving more slowly on the roads than on the expressway. There was only so much
braking that could be done before the Truck simply slowed down and came to a
halt. To generate the sort of friction and heat necessary for the tyres to
catch fire, Ong would have needed to accelerate the Truck before applying the
brakes. He would have needed to do this multiple times. The cumulative effect
of alternately accelerating and braking constantly would have made for an
incredibly jerky towing operation and made synchronising with the tow truck
extremely difficult. I saw no reason for Ong to have driven the Truck in that
manner. Huationg’s suggestion was that Ong was “not so skilled [and] not so
familiar” 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 67 line 28; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PWS”), p 35
para 71

with operating the Truck. This was a bare assertion that Ong was inexperienced
and had driven the Truck poorly. I found this to be speculative, especially
considering my earlier findings that Ong was reasonably experienced as a
driver of heavy vehicles (see above at [16]). Accordingly, I rejected this
assertion.

25 Moreover, Koay testified that the brakes must have been ridden for a fair
distance to generate sufficient heat for a fire. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE 26 Feb 2020 p 62 lines 5 – 8

But the evidence showed that the Truck had only travelled a short distance
(under a kilometre) 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE 26 Feb 2020 p 62 lines 18 – 30

on the off-Expressway roads before the tyres caught fire. Even if a fire had
broken out due to brake riding, it would not have taken the shape and form of
the fire that broke out on 20July 2012. As agreed by both experts, the fire
originated in one wheel. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

BAFF 3, p 1011 para 18(ii); BAFF 1, p 19 para 10

There was some disagreement about which wheel this was, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

BAFF 3, p 1011 para 18(ii); BAFF 1, p 19 para 10

but that was immaterial. The fact remained that the fire started life in a
single wheel. If there had been brake-riding, the brakes would have been
applied to all the wheels and heat would have built up at all the wheels as
well. Presumably, multiple fires would have broken out. That was not the case
here.

26 For these reasons, I rejected the Riding Theory as well.

The Pressure Leak Theory

27 I accepted the Pressure Leak Theory as it was the theory most consistent
with the available evidence. In particular, it best explained: (a) why nothing
seemed amiss at the pre-journey check, the maintenance check and during the
journey itself, (b) why the fire originated from a single tyre and (c) why the
fire started only later on in the journey.

28 To recount, the Pressure Leak Theory suggested that air pressure had slowly
fallen in the parking brake’s pressure chamber. Under normal circumstances,
this pressure chamber would have been filled with air. The resultant air
pressure would have held back a large spring. This spring, which was connected
to a braking rod, slowly decompressed as the air pressure decreased in the
chamber. As the spring was gradually released, the braking rod would have been
pushed forward, partially engaging the brakes. The friction and resultant heat
from brake pads rubbing against the brake drum caused the fire.

29 Firstly, the pre-journey checks and maintenance checks could not have
detected this sort of air leakage. The pre-journey check merely involved Ong
checking the air pressure gauge to ascertain if the air pressure necessary for
the braking system was at a suitable level. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE 24 Feb 2020, p 15 lines 22 - 23

The leak in the parking brake’s pressure chamber would have been too small to
have registered on the pressure gauge. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 97 lines 10 - 25

The leak would not have been detected during the maintenance check either.
That check simply involved Huationg’s mechanics driving “[the Truck] a little
bit forward and depress[ing] the brakes and mak[ing] sure that it [was]
working fine”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE 18 Feb 2020, p 60 lines 31 – 32

But the effects of the leak would only have been perceptible after air had
been leaking out of the chamber for some time, with the spring “creep[ing]
forward” 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 75 line 16

and slowly pushing the brake rod to partially engage the brakes. A quick jaunt
forward and some taps on the brake pedal would not have unearthed this
underlying mechanical issue. Naturally, this same reasoning explained why Ong
did not detect the air leakage during the journey as well – the problem was
effectively asymptomatic and had evaded detection until it was too late.

30 Secondly, the air leak was confined to a single brake chamber. This
explained why only one brake failed 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 89 lines 12 – 13

and the fire originated in a single tyre. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

BAFF 3, p 1011 para 18(ii); BAFF 1, p 19 para 10

The fire then spread along the axle and to the rest of the Truck. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 89 lines 12 – 16

31 Thirdly, it took some time for the air leak to take effect. As stated
earlier, the spring took a while to decompress and consequently it was not
until later on that the brake pads were partially engaged. When the brakes
were partially engaged, the heat built up “very quickly because of the huge
forces involved” 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE 26 Feb 2020, p 61 lines 27 – 28

and resulted in the fire. This explained why the fire only occurred later on
in the journey.

32 For these reasons, I accepted Yishun Towing’s Pressure Leak Theory. It
naturally flowed from this theory that Ong could not have detected any defect
even if reasonable care had been taken. The particular instances of negligence
pleaded (ie, that Yishun Towing had: (a) failed to implement proper standard
operating procedures 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PWS p 43 para 91 – p 47 para 103

, (b) failed to implement an emergency action plan 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PWS p 47 para 104 – p 105

and (c) had driven the Truck at an excessive speed 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PWS p 40 para 85 – p 42 para 90

) were therefore irrelevant. No reasonable standard operating procedure
expected of a driver could have unearthed this mechanical defect. No
“emergency action plan”, whatever this meant, could have catered for such a
defect. No amount of care in driving could have anticipated this air leak and
the resultant accident. As such, I held that Yishun Towing had not been
negligent in discharging its duties under the services agreement.

Issue 2: The Incorporation Issue

33 Though my holdings in the Causation Issue sufficiently disposed of this
matter, I also held that the liability clauses had not been incorporated into
the contract.

34 Where exemption and limitation clauses are concerned, “[t]he question is
whether the defendants had done all that was reasonable to bring this
exclusion clause to the attention of the plaintiff so that it became a term of
the bailment.”: Chua Chye Leong Alan v Grand Palace De-luxe Nite Club Pte Ltd
[1993] 2 SLR(R) 420 at [49] (“Alan Chua”). Ultimately, this inquiry is an
endeavour to ascertain whether there had been a meeting of the minds. I found
that there had been no consensus ad idem for three reasons.

Purpose of the work orders

35 First, the liability clauses were not intended to be incorporated into the
contract. The work orders were not intended to supplement the terms of the
contract. They were issued to Huationg to verify the work done by Yishun
Towing, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE 20 Feb 2020, p17, lines 9 - 16

and used by Yishun Towing to compute their driver’s salaries. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE 20 Feb 2020, p17 lines 27 - 29

They were operational documents – evidence of how the contract translated to
actual work processes, rather than a document that sought to establish the
terms of the contract itself.

36 Yishun Towing argued otherwise. It suggested that the services agreement
(which would govern many towing assignments to come) was so wide in scope that
the parties must have contemplated using additional documents to supplement
the terms. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”), p 62 para 207(i)

Yishun Towing relied on R1 International Pte Ltd v Lonstroff AG (“R1
International”) [2015] 1 SLR 521 in support of that proposition.

37 There, the parties entered into five separate transactions. They would
usually conduct negotiations for each of these transactions over email or
telephone, send “Email Confirmations” once the basic terms had been ironed out
and go on to supplement the finer details in a follow-up “Contract Note”. The
issue was whether the terms in the Contract Note had been incorporated into
the contract for the second transaction.

38 The Court of Appeal held that it had been successfully incorporated
because: (a) it was market practice in the industry for “parties initially to
only discuss the commercial terms of each trade” and for “the specification of
the rest of the terms of the transaction … [to] be followed up by the
operations team”: R1 International at [60]; (b) it was “improbable that the
parties would have expected to contract purely on the bare bones of the Email
Confirmations” given the size and scope of the supply contracts: R1
International at [63] and (c) the parties’ conduct throughout all five
transactions suggested that they had both in fact contemplated that the basic
terms would be supplemented later on: R1 International at [65].

39 I distinguished the present case on two bases. First, the Contract Note in
R1 International made reference to the basic terms that were initially agreed
to between the parties. In that sense, it was clearly attempting to flesh out
the details of a somewhat rough-and-ready agreement that had been meted out
earlier. The work order in the present case did no such thing. And nowhere in
the entirely verbal services agreement was there any reference to the terms in
the work order either.

40 Moreover, the Contract Note in R1 International specifically requested for
a signed copy to be returned: R1 International at [12(c)]. It was seeking
reciprocal confirmation and building agreement with the counterparty. This
went towards establishing the fact that both parties had intended for the term
in the Contract Note to have been incorporated into the larger contract. The
work order in the present case however, was unilaterally issued by Yishun
Towing to Huationg. There was no convergence of contractual intentions. “The
party who is liable at law cannot escape liability by simply putting up a
printed notice, or issuing a printed catalogue, containing exempting
conditions. He must go further and show affirmatively that it is a contractual
document and accepted as such by the party affected”: Alan Chua  at [53]
citing Harling v Eddy [1951] 2 KB 739 at 748; [1951] 2 All ER 212.

Time when work orders were exhibited

41 Crucially, the terms were never exhibited to Huationg at any point during
the formation of the contract. The terms were not made known to Huationg when
the business relationship with Yishun Towing began 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE 20 Feb 2020 p 42 lines 15 - 20

and neither were they mentioned when a job was being assigned to Yishun
Towing. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE 20 Feb 2020 p 14 lines 11 - 18

42 To this, Yishun Towing’s contention was that none of this mattered. The
only thing that mattered was that Huationg had seen multiple work orders which
had all included the liability clauses on their reverse side. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DCS p62 para 207(ii)

Coupled with their lack of protest, Huationg could have been taken to have
assented to these terms. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCS p62 para 207(ii)

In fact, there was a sustained lack of protests for over 300 work orders, all
of which concerned towing services (ie, contracts similar to that in the
present matter). This amounted to a course of dealing that established and
incorporated the exemption clauses. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCS p67 para 220

43 I disagreed. The starting point is that silence is equivocal in determining
whether there has been a contractual acceptance/acquiescence. The crucial
factor here is context: R1 International at [53]. The work orders were not
given in any sort of context that suggested contractual formation was taking
place. They were not given as part of a contractual negotiation, they were not
proffered as a recap or confirmation (ala R1 International) and they were not
discussed with any intention of building towards a meeting of the minds.

44 Yishun Towing’s strongest argument was that the liability clauses had been
incorporated through a course of dealing. To that end, it relied on Vinmar
Overseas (Singapore) Pte Ltd v PTT International Trading Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR
1271 (“Vinmar”). But even this did not take its case very far. Vinmar involved
four contracts which the plaintiff entered into with the defendant and the
defendant’s parent company. All four contracts explicitly included an
exclusive jurisdiction clause. The issue was whether a fifth contract between
the plaintiff and the defendant had also incorporated the exclusive
jurisdiction clause.

45 Vinmar was distinguishable from the present case. The “course of dealings”
seen in Vinmar had clearly included and incorporated the exclusive
jurisdiction clause. It was an explicit term of the four previous contracts.
The previous dealings discussed in the present case did not give any
indication that the parties had agreed to the inclusion of the liability
clauses. If anything, the previous dealings here (ie, the previous instances
where work orders were received and accepted) suffered from the same sort of
ambiguity in contractual construction as the present matter did. It was not
clear if Huationg had accepted the liability clauses as terms of the contract
when it had previously received work orders.

46 Ultimately, the test for incorporation laid out in Vinmar was “whether, at
the time of contracting, each party as a reasonable person was entitled to
infer from the past dealings and the actions and the words of the other in the
instant case, that the [term] [was] to be a part of the contract” [emphasis in
original]: Vinmar at [53]. I noted Yishun Towing’s reliance on some factors
that Vinmar held were relevant to that analysis. These included: (a) the
number of previous contracts, (b) how recent they were, (c) whether these
contracts had a similar subject matter and (d) whether they had been made in a
consistent matter.

47 I acknowledged that the present case involved multiple previous assignments
dealing with the same subject matter, executed in the same manner with the
same types of work orders being issued. But the crucial factor was that none
of these previous dealings had ever brought the liability clauses to
Huationg’s attention.

48 Indeed, it was Ng’s testimony that he had never even seen the work orders
throughout Huationg’s business relationship with Yishun Towing. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

BAFF 2, p 484 para 39

I accepted his testimony and noted that this put Huationg in the same position
as the plaintiff in Kua Lee Ngoh v Jagindar Singh [1987] SLR(R) 119
(“Jagindar”). There, the plaintiff brought a suit against a garage where her
husband had left her car for servicing. The car was stolen whilst under the
garage’s care and only discovered much later by the police in a damaged
condition. In its defence, the garage relied on a set of exemption clauses
which it had allegedly displayed prominently on its premises. Accepting the
plaintiff’s husband’s testimony that his attention had not been drawn to these
clauses, the learned judge ruled that the garage was not entitled to rely on
these exemption clauses in its defence: Jagindar at [5].

49 In particular, I noted that the plaintiff’s husband had been sending the
vehicle to the defendant’s premises for servicing for over a year: Jagindar at
[1]. Yet, it was held that sufficient notice of the exemption clauses had not
been given. This suggested that simple displays of contractual terms were,
without more, insufficient to incorporate them into a contract. This was so,
even if the terms had been displayed for a long time, such as in the course of
about 300 work orders.

Recipient of work orders

50 Finally, I would add that the recipients of these work orders (mere
employees of Huationg) were not authorised in any way to negotiate or contract
on behalf of Huationg. Yishun Towing’s bare assertion that the employees had
“actual express authority or actual implied authority” 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DCS p 63 para 209

was founded on a misconceived reading of Hely-Hutchinson v Brayhead Ltd and
another [1968] 1 QB 549 (“Hely-Hutchinson”). The protagonist of Hely-
Hutchinson was a chairman of the company. Though appointed chairman of the
company, he had not been vested with any express authority to enter into
contracts on behalf of the company. The question was whether the company’s
conduct had effectively cloaked him with implied authority. The English Court
of Appeal held that it had.

51 The employees in the present case were nothing like the chairman in Hely-
Hutchinson. They did not enter into any contracts on behalf of Huationg. They
did not make “final decision” on important company finances (see Hely-
Hutchinson at 584D). They were not in any meaningful way, de-facto directors
of Huationg the way Hely-Hutchinson’s chairman was (see Hely-Hutchinson at
584D). Of course, Huationg’s employees played a crucial role in allocating and
assigning the tow jobs to Yishun Towing. But this does not amount to
contracting with Yishun Towing. This was at most, an entirely ordinary
instance of the employees executing a contract that had already been discussed
between the two parties.

52 I therefore find that the liability clauses were not incorporated into the
contract.

Conclusion

53 For the reasons set out above, I granted judgment for the defendants and
dismissed the suit. I ordered the plaintiff to pay the defendant the sum of
$100,000 in costs, inclusive of disbursements.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Sham Chee Keat and Dawn Tan Si Jie (Ramdas & Wong) for the plaintiff;

Richard Tan Seng Chew and Michelle Peh Siqi (Tan Chin Hoe & Co) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

