Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 121

Civil Appeal No 13 of 2020

Between

| Orion-One Residential Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Dong Cheng Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Civil Appeal No 112 of 2020

Between

| Dong Cheng Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Orion-One Residential Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Building and Construction Law] — [Statutes and regulations] — [Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Termination] — [Consequences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Orion-One Residential Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Dong Cheng Construction Pte Ltd and another appeal

[2020] SGCA 121

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeals Nos 13 and 112 of 2020  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Tay Yong Kwang JA and Steven Chong JA  
18 November 2020

22 December 2020

Steven Chong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The issue as to whether a payment claim can be validly served after
termination of the contract has come before our courts in a number of cases.
In the court below, the High Court judge (“the Judge”) held that “[t]he
authorities are unanimous in their support for the proposition that payment
claims made for work done prior to termination of employment are perfectly
valid” – see CEQ v CER [2020] SGHC 70 (“the GD”) at [23].

2 One of the authorities relied on by the Judge was Stargood Construction Pte
Ltd v Shimizu Corp [2019] SGHC 261, a decision which was reversed by this
court in Shimizu Corp v Stargood Construction Pte Ltd [2020] 1 SLR 1338
(“Shimizu Corp”) subsequent to the release of the judgment below. In Shimizu
Corp at [2], we observed that “[i]n determining the validity of the payment
claims, the first port of call must necessarily be the terms of the contract,
in particular the terms which governed the parties’ rights in the event of
termination”.

3 To the extent that the Judge below appeared to have adopted the approach (in
the GD at [23]) that “[a]s a matter of policy, the statutory entitlement to
payment must survive termination”, without regard to the terms of the
contract, we disagreed with him. In finding that the payment claim was validly
served, the Judge omitted to consider the terms of the underlying contract and
the specific ground under which the contract was terminated. In our view,
based on the ground upon which the contract was terminated, it would have been
apparent that the term of the contract which purportedly justified the service
of the payment claim after termination was inapplicable both as a matter of
construction and on the facts.

4 In the course of the oral arguments before us, we also remarked on the
futility of applying for adjudication of a payment claim more than two years
following the termination of the contract. As the adjudication determination,
by its nature, is not final and was in fact subject to a pending arbitration,
it made no commercial sense to apply for adjudication (see [52] below). We
therefore encourage parties to conduct a cost-benefit analysis prior to
pursuing the adjudication route. An omission to do so would only serve to
introduce a further layer of costs with no apparent benefit.

5 We heard and allowed the appeal in CA/CA 13/2020 (“CA 13”) and dismissed the
appeal in CA/CA 112/2020 (“CA 112”) on 18 November 2020 with brief oral
grounds. These are our detailed grounds.

Background facts

The parties

6 The appellant in CA 13 and the respondent in CA 112 is Orion-One Residential
Pte Ltd (“Orion”). Orion was the owner and developer of a condominium project
known as the “Residential Flat Development at Lot 06836M MK 17 at 6 Jalan
Ampas” (“the Project”).

7 The respondent in CA 13 and the appellant in CA 112 is Dong Cheng
Construction Pte Ltd (“Dong Cheng”). Dong Cheng was the main contractor of the
Project between 1 February 2016 and 2 March 2017.

Dong Cheng’s employment as the main contractor of the Project

8 Prior to Dong Cheng’s employment by Orion, Orion had engaged another
contractor, SingBuild Pte Ltd (“SingBuild”), as the main contractor of the
Project. The contract between Orion and SingBuild dated 19 May 2015 (“the
Contract”) incorporated the Real Estate Developers’ Association of Singapore
Design and Build Conditions of Main Contract (3rd Ed, July 2013) (“REDAS
Conditions”).

9 By way of a novation agreement dated 1 February 2016 entered into by Orion,
Dong Cheng and SingBuild (“the Novation Agreement”), the Contract was novated
by SingBuild to Dong Cheng.

10 On 29 August 2016, Orion and Dong Cheng entered into an agreement to vary
the terms of the Contract (“the Supplementary Agreement”). Clause 2.5 of the
Supplementary Agreement provided that Dong Cheng “shall … undertake to
complete the works as set out in the annex”. Furthermore, if Dong Cheng failed
to do so, “Orion may, if they deem fit, proceed to terminate [Dong Cheng] on
account of a breach to the [Contract] and the Supplementa[ry] Agreement”.

Termination of Dong Cheng’s employment

11 Between 7 December 2016 and 16 January 2017, Orion sent Dong Cheng several
solicitors’ letters and emails to remind Dong Cheng of its approaching
deadlines and outstanding tasks. The solicitors’ letters also drew Dong
Cheng’s attention to its obligations under the Supplementary Agreement. On 22
February 2017 and 23 February 2017, Orion’s solicitors exchanged emails with
one Lim Kek Sok (“Mr Lim”), who purported to be Dong Cheng’s director. In the
course of the correspondence, Orion’s solicitors specifically drew Mr Lim’s
attention to cl 2.5 of the Supplementary Agreement.

12 On 2 March 2017, by way of a Notice of Termination, Orion terminated Dong
Cheng’s employment as the main contractor of the Project. This termination was
expressly stated by Orion to be “in accordance with” cl 2.5 of the
Supplementary Agreement, on the basis that Dong Cheng had “failed to provide
the requested documents” and “failed to complete the balance of works”, and
that “the manpower deployed in the last few days were inadequate and there was
never any work done at all”.

13 On 15 March 2017, Orion engaged another contractor to undertake the
outstanding works under the Project. Around May 2017, the professional parties
involved in the Project, including the Employer’s Representative (“the ER”),
quantity surveyor, architect and professional engineers, concluded their
employment. The Project was completed around August 2017.

PC 25 and the AD

14 About two years later, between 7 March 2019 and 3 September 2019, Dong
Cheng served seven payment claims on Orion, namely Payment Claims 20 to 26.
Dong Cheng also commenced three separate adjudication applications against
Orion in respect of Payment Claims 21, 24 and 25.

15 For the purposes of the present appeals, only Payment Claim 25 (“PC 25”)
and the adjudication application arising therefrom are relevant. PC 25 was
served by Dong Cheng on Orion on 5 August 2019 for the sum of $3,262,740.23.
In Orion’s payment response to PC 25 (“PR 25”) which was sent to Dong Cheng by
way of a solicitor’s letter dated 22 August 2019, Orion denied Dong Cheng’s
claim and instead asserted a claim against Dong Cheng in the sum of
$21,792.27.

16 On 9 September 2019, Dong Cheng lodged Adjudication Application SOP/AA
318/2019 in respect of PC 25 pursuant to s 13(1) of the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SOPA”).
By way of an adjudication determination (“AD”) dated 18 October 2019, the
adjudicator granted Dong Cheng’s application in part, awarding Dong Cheng the
sum of $1,981,579.50 including goods and services tax but excluding interest
and costs. The adjudicator found, inter alia, that Dong Cheng was entitled to
serve PC 25 despite the fact that PC 25 was served after Dong Cheng’s
employment had been terminated.

The decision below

17 On 12 November 2019, Orion applied in HC/OS 1412/2019 to, inter alia, set
aside the AD. Although Orion raised three alternative grounds to set aside the
AD, it suffices for present purposes to highlight only one. Relying on Far
East Square Pte Ltd v Yau Lee Construction (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2019] 2 SLR
189 (“Yau Lee”), Orion submitted that PC 25 was invalid because the
termination of the ER’s employment rendered the ER functus officio. As the
ER’s certification was a condition precedent to the contractor’s right to
receive payment, any payment claim submitted after the ER was functus officio
was invalid.

18 In response, Dong Cheng submitted that the AD should not be set aside
because a payment claim for works done prior to the termination of the
contractor’s employment was valid. Dong Cheng further submitted that Yau Lee
was distinguishable from the present case.

19 On 16 January 2020, the Judge dismissed Orion’s application to set aside
the AD. The Judge found that a payment claim for works performed prior to the
termination of a contractor’s employment and submitted after the termination
of the ER’s employment was perfectly valid (see the GD at [23]). Furthermore,
the Judge distinguished Yau Lee on the basis that the present case involved
the REDAS Conditions while Yau Lee involved the Singapore Institute of
Architects Articles and Conditions of Building Contract (Measurement Contract)
(7th Ed, April 2005) (see the GD at [25]–[28]).

20 On Orion’s application, the Judge granted a stay of enforcement of the AD
pending the appeal of the Judge’s decision and the disposal of arbitration
proceedings (see CEQ v CER [2020] SGHC 192). This was on the condition that
$500,000 from the sums held in court was to be released to Orion’s solicitors,
to be utilised solely towards Dong Cheng’s legal fees and disbursements for
the appeal of the Judge’s decision and the arbitration proceedings. This stay
of enforcement was the subject of Dong Cheng’s appeal in CA 112. Given that
our decision in CA 13 had rendered the appeal in CA 112 moot, it was not
necessary for us to address the merits of CA 112. Instead, for the purposes of
these grounds of decision, we shall focus on the parties’ arguments and our
decision in respect of CA 13.

The parties’ arguments on appeal

21 On appeal, Orion maintained its submission that Dong Cheng was not entitled
to serve PC 25. In support of this submission, it relied on a new argument
that placed greater focus on the terms of the Contract, which had not been
raised before the Judge in the proceedings below. Specifically, Orion
submitted that as Dong Cheng’s employment was terminated pursuant to cl 2.5 of
the Supplementary Agreement, cl 30.3 of the REDAS Conditions (which was relied
upon by Dong Cheng as the basis for its entitlement to serve a payment claim
post-termination) did not apply. Alternatively, Orion submitted that cl 30.3
did not preserve the ER’s role in certifying payment claims.

22 In response, Dong Cheng submitted that its right to serve a payment claim
after the termination of its employment was preserved by way of cl 30.3.1 of
the REDAS Conditions. Furthermore, Dong Cheng submitted that the issue of
whether the ER was functus officio was irrelevant, because the ER’s
certificate was not a condition precedent to Dong Cheng’s right to receive
payment. Alternatively, Dong Cheng submitted that the ER was not functus
officio because it still had certain responsibilities and/or powers under the
Contract even after the termination of Dong Cheng’s employment.

Our decision

The operative termination provision

23 As this court observed in Yau Lee ([17] supra) at [31] and reiterated in
Shimizu Corp ([2] supra) at [2] and [21], the starting point of the analysis
must always be the terms of the contract. Ultimately, “the contractor making a
claim for progress payments under the SOPA must show that there is a basis for
claiming such payment under the terms of the contract in question” (Shimizu
Corp at [28]). Thus, in order to determine whether a contractor is entitled to
serve a payment claim after the termination of its employment, the court must
have regard to the terms of the contract, with particular reference to the
rights that were exercised by the parties leading up to termination of the
contractor’s employment.

24 For the avoidance of doubt, there was no need in this case to distinguish
between the termination of Dong Cheng’s employment and the termination of the
Contract, as nothing turned on such a distinction. Nevertheless, for clarity’s
sake, we shall proceed on the basis that it was Dong Cheng’s employment which
was terminated. We note that this is in line with cl 2.5 of the Supplementary
Agreement which refers to Orion’s right to “terminate [Dong Cheng]” (see [25]
below), as well as cl 30.3 of the REDAS Conditions, which refers to the
“termination of the employment of the Contractor” (see [27] below).

25 We now turn to examine the relevant provisions in the Contract. In this
regard, two provisions were particularly pertinent in our analysis. The first
was cl 2.5 of the Supplementary Agreement which was the precise basis for
Orion’s termination of Dong Cheng’s employment. Clause 2.5 reads as follows:

2\. AMENDMENT TO THE PRINCIPAL AGREEMENT

…

2.5 [Dong Cheng] agree that they shall, within sixty (60) days upon the
disbursement from the escrow account, undertake to complete the works as set
out in the annex save for item 63 of the Schedule Annex A and in the event
that [Dong Cheng] fails to complete the said works, Orion may, if they deem
fit, proceed to terminate [Dong Cheng] on account of a breach to the
[Contract] and the Supplementa[ry] Agreement and to call on the Performance
bond under the Supplementa[ry] Agreement and the Novation Agreement.

26 It was not disputed that cl 2.5 of the Supplementary Agreement conferred on
Orion an express right to terminate Dong Cheng’s employment. This right of
termination served as an additional basis on which Orion could terminate Dong
Cheng’s employment.

27 The second provision was cl 30.3 of the REDAS Conditions, which Dong Cheng
claimed conferred on it a right to serve a payment claim post-termination.
Clause 30.3 reads as follows:

30.3. Effects of Termination for Default

In the event of the termination of the employment of the Contractor under
clause 30.2,

30.3.1. the Employer shall not be liable to make any further payments to the
Contractor until such time when the costs of the design, execution and
completion of the incomplete Works, rectification costs for remedying any
defects, liquidated damages for delay and all other costs incurred by the
Employer as a result of the termination has been ascertained.

30.3.2. the Employer may employ other contractors to complete the design and
construction of the Works and rectify any defects in the Works. …

30.3.3. the Employer shall be entitled to appoint his own design consultant or
qualified person or the Contractor’s design consultant or qualified person …

30.3.4. upon the final completion of the Works, the Contractor may be
permitted upon notice given by the Employer’s Representative to remove the
construction equipment, plant, temporary works, tools, temporary buildings and
unfixed materials from the Site …

30.3.5. the Employer may recover from the Contractor liquidated damages for
delay in completion arising from the termination under this clause …

30.3.6. the Employer’s Representative shall as soon as practicable after
termination of the Contractor’s employment, determine the value of the Works
completed at the time of termination.

30.3.7. the Employer shall be entitled to recover from the Contractor the
following:

30.3.7.1. the extra costs (if any) incurred in the design and completion of
the incomplete Works,

30.3.7.2. the costs of rectification of defects (if any),

30.3.7.3. liquidated damages payable for delay in completion, and

30.3.7.4. any other loss or expense incurred arising from the termination of
the Contractor’s employment,

from any sum due to the Contractor under clause 30.3.6 or as a debt. If there
are no such extra costs, the Employer shall pay any balance to the Contractor.

28 It is apparent from the express language of cl 30.3 that cl 30.3 only
applies “[i]n the event of the termination of the employment of the Contractor
under clause 30.2”. Clause 30.2, in turn, provides that if the contractor
commits any of the acts and/or omissions specified under cll
30.2.2.1–30.2.2.8, the employer “may without prejudice to any other rights and
remedies under the Contract … give a Notice of Termination of the employment
of the Contractor”. Upon receipt of such notice, “the Contractor’s employment
shall immediately terminate”. Another point to note is that cl 30.3.1 is
couched in negative terms in that “the Employer shall not be liable to make
any further payments to the Contractor” [emphasis added] unless certain
conditions are fulfilled, the significance of which will be addressed at [33]
to [37] below.

29 In this case, we found that Dong Cheng’s employment was terminated pursuant
to cl 2.5 of the Supplementary Agreement. The basis for the issuance of the
Notice of Termination was expressly stated to be cl 2.5 of the Supplementary
Agreement. In the parties’ correspondence leading up to the issuance of the
Notice of Termination, Orion had consistently referred to the Supplementary
Agreement. For instance, in an email dated 23 February 2017, Orion’s
solicitors drew Mr Lim’s attention specifically to cl 2.5 of the Supplementary
Agreement. On the other hand, there was no mention whatsoever of cl 30.2 of
the REDAS Conditions in the parties’ correspondence. Furthermore, the reasons
for Orion’s termination of Dong Cheng’s employment, as set out in the Notice
of Termination, did not fall within any of the situations set out in cl
30.2.2.

30 In these circumstances, it was abundantly clear that Orion had relied
solely on cl 2.5 of the Supplementary Agreement to terminate Dong Cheng’s
employment. Clause 2.5 obliged Dong Cheng to complete the works as set out in
the annex of the Supplementary Agreement within 60 days of the disbursement
from the escrow account. A failure to do so would amount to a breach of
contract on Dong Cheng’s part, upon which Orion would become entitled under cl
2.5 to terminate Dong Cheng’s employment. In the present case, when Orion
invoked cl 2.5 to terminate Dong Cheng’s employment, ipso facto, Dong Cheng’s
employment under both the Supplementary Agreement and the Contract were
terminated.

31 In our view, cl 30.3 of the REDAS Conditions did not apply. As we have
observed above, cl 30.3 only applies if the contractor’s employment is
terminated under cl 30.2. In this case, however, Dong Cheng’s employment was
terminated pursuant to cl 2.5 of the Supplementary Agreement. Therefore, cll
30.2 and 30.3 of the REDAS Conditions did not come into play at all. For these
reasons, Dong Cheng’s reliance on cl 30.3 as the basis of its entitlement to
serve PC 25 was entirely misplaced.

Our observations regarding cl 30.3 of the REDAS Conditions

32 In any case, even if cl 30.3 of the REDAS Conditions were applicable, we
did not think that it would have entitled Dong Cheng to serve PC 25. First, a
precondition for payment under cl 30.3 was the ascertainment of all the costs
incurred by the employer as a result of the termination. On the facts of the
present case, however, such costs had yet to be ascertained. Second, and more
fundamentally, cl 30.3 was not concerned with progress payments. Instead, it
was intended to provide for the final settlement of accounts between the
contractor and employer in the event that the contractor is terminated for
breach. We explain these two reasons in turn.

The costs of termination had not been ascertained

33 It is apparent from cl 30.3 of the REDAS Conditions that any payment
payable by the employer thereunder is conditioned upon the ascertainment of
all costs incurred by the employer as a result of the termination. This is
evident from the language of cl 30.3.1 which is couched in negative terms,
providing that:

[T]he employer shall not be liable to make any further payments to the
Contractor until such time when the costs of the design, execution and
completion of the incomplete Works, rectification costs for remedying any
defects, liquidated damages for delay and all other costs incurred by the
Employer as a result of the termination has been ascertained. [emphasis added]

34 Based on the language of cl 30.3.1, the costs referred to therein (“the
Termination Costs”) do not only refer to the costs that have actually been
expended by the employer post-termination (eg, the costs of engaging another
contractor to complete the works). It also includes any damages that are due
to the employer as a result of the termination of the contractor’s employment.
In other words, the Termination Costs encompass not only the costs required to
bring the project to completion but also any sums that the contractor is
legally liable to pay to the employer as a result of its breach of contract.

35 Dong Cheng submitted that in this case, the Termination Costs had been
ascertained.

(a) Orion had set out in PR 25 the “costs of the design, execution and
completion of the incomplete Works”, “rectification costs for remedying any
defects”, and “all other costs incurred by the Employer as a result of the
termination”. Orion had deducted $639,575 and $100,425 for “[i]ncomplete
rectification works for remaining defects and document submissions” and
deducted $112,207.61 for a “CONQUAS score penalty”.

(b) As regards “liquidated damages for delay”, such liquidated damages could
only be imposed up to the date of the Handing Over Certificate. Since the
Handing Over Certificate was issued by the ER to Dong Cheng on 31 March 2016,
any period for which Dong Cheng could potentially be liable for liquidated
damages would have ended by 31 March 2016 at the latest. Thus, any claim for
liquidated damages would have “crystallised” by 5 August 2019 when PC 25 was
served. On Dong Cheng’s argument, a liquidated damages claim which had
crystallised would be treated as having been “ascertained” within the meaning
of cl 30.3.1.

36 We did not accept this submission. In the first place, it was unclear
whether the costs set out in PR 25 were exhaustive, ie, whether they
encompassed “all other costs” incurred by Orion as a result of the termination
of Dong Cheng’s employment. More importantly, although Orion had set out some
of the costs which it had incurred, it did not follow that all such costs had
been “ascertained”. Indeed, this was evident from the fact that Dong Cheng
subsequently applied for adjudication of PC 25, challenging the deductions
made in PR 25. Not only that, the merits of PC 25 were, at the time of the
appeal, the subject of ongoing arbitration proceedings between the parties, in
which Orion had counterclaimed against Dong Cheng for liquidated damages. This
was a critical fact which completely undermined Dong Cheng’s submission that
the Termination Costs had been ascertained. If Orion’s claim for damages
against Dong Cheng was still in dispute and had yet to be finally determined,
it could hardly be said that such damages had been “ascertained”. It was thus
clear that contrary to Dong Cheng’s submission, the Termination Costs had not
been ascertained. Since the parties could not agree on the quantum of the
Termination Costs, these costs would only be ascertained after they have been
finally determined by a competent court or tribunal.

37 Since the precondition in cl 30.3.1 had not been met, Orion was not liable
under the Contract to make any further payments to Dong Cheng, nor was Dong
Cheng entitled under the Contract to any payment from Orion. Therefore, cl
30.3 could not be used by Dong Cheng as the basis for its entitlement to serve
PC 25.

Clause 30.3 of the REDAS Conditions did not concern progress payments

38 In our judgment, a more fundamental reason why cl 30.3 could not form the
basis of an entitlement to serve PC 25 was that a payment made under cl 30.3
was not a progress payment. Rather, cl 30.3 concerned the final settlement of
accounts between the parties in the event that the contractor is terminated by
the employer for breach of contract. As such payments were not progress
payments, they did not fall within the ambit of the SOPA.

39 It is useful to first examine the relevant statutory provisions. Section 10
of the SOPA refers to a “payment claim in respect of a progress payment”
[emphasis added]. The term “progress payment” is defined in s 2 as “a payment
to which a person is entitled for the carrying out of construction work, or
the supply of goods or services, under a contract”. Sections 5 and 6 of the
SOPA further provide that:

Entitlement to progress payments

5\. Any person who has carried out any construction work, or supplied any
goods or services, under a contract is entitled to a progress payment.

Amount of progress payment

6\. The amount of a progress payment to which a person is entitled under a
contract shall be —

(a) the amount calculated in accordance with the terms of the contract; or

(b) if the contract does not contain such provision, the amount calculated on
the basis of the value of the construction work carried out, or the goods or
services supplied, by the person under the contract.

40 Based on the statutory framework set out above, it is evident that the SOPA
facilitates progress payments, which are payments predicated upon and directly
linked to the carrying out of construction work or the supplying of goods or
services under a contract. The quantum of such payment depends on the terms of
the contract, or the value of the work carried out or of the goods or services
supplied.

41 Next, we turn to the contractual framework for progress payments under the
Contract. This was set out under cl 22 of the REDAS Conditions, as amended by
the Particular Conditions. In particular, cl 22.1 provides that:

The Contractor shall be entitled to Progress Payments for the Works carried
out or supplied under this Contract by way of periodic valuation of the Works
or part thereof carried out by the Contractor at the period for making Payment
Claim stated in clause 22.2.1 hereof.

42 It is clear that cl 22.1 largely mirrors progress payments as defined in
the SOPA. The amounts of such progress payments are determined through the
process of periodic valuation of the works or part thereof carried out by the
contractor.

43 In contrast, any payments made under cl 30.3 of the REDAS Conditions are
structured in a significantly different manner. Read in its totality, cl 30.3
operates as follows:

(a) Clause 30.3.6 mandates the ER to determine the value of the works
completed at the time of the termination of the contractor’s employment as
soon as practicable after such termination.

(b) Clause 30.3.7 entitles the employer to recover certain costs referred to
in cll 30.3.7.1–30.3.7.4 as a debt from the contractor, or to deduct such
costs from the value of the works as determined by the ER pursuant to cl
30.3.6. Following such deductions (if any), the employer shall pay any balance
to the contractor.

(c) Clause 30.3.1 suspends the employer’s liability to make any further
payments to the contractor (including the payment referred to in cl 30.3.7)
until the Termination Costs have been ascertained. We note that the costs
referred to in cll 30.3.7.1–30.3.7.4 substantially correspond with the
Termination Costs. This makes practical sense as it is only when such costs
have been ascertained that the employer will know how much it can set off and
accordingly, how much, if any, it is liable to pay to the contractor.

(d) Clauses 30.3.2 and 30.3.3 pertain to the rights and obligations of the
employer and contractor between the time of termination and the time when the
works are completed. After the works are completed, cl 30.3.4 governs how the
contractor and/or the employer may deal with the construction equipment,
plant, temporary works, tools, temporary buildings and unfixed materials from
the project site.

44 While the ER’s valuation of the works completed at the time of termination
under cl 30.3.6 (see [43(a)] above) is similar to the process for the
valuation of progress payments under cl 22, the similarity between cll 22 and
30.3 ends there. Clause 30.3 contemplates that several additional steps are to
be taken in calculating the amount ultimately due to the contractor (if any),
including the ascertainment of certain costs and deductions from the value of
the works. This is to be contrasted with the progress payment regime set out
separately in cl 22, which is concerned primarily with the value of the works.
In addition, cl 30.3.1 goes one step further to preclude the contractor from
claiming any payments (including progress payments) until the project is
completed and the relevant costs ascertained and deducted. In other words, by
virtue of cl 30.3.1, the progress payment regime set out in cl 22 no longer
applies once the contractor is terminated for breach. Therefore, cl 30.3 has
nothing to do with progress payments and cannot give rise to a right to serve
a progress payment claim. Rather, cl 30.3 provides a mechanism for the final
settlement of accounts between the parties upon the employer’s termination of
the contractor’s employment.

45 This finding was further reinforced by the fact that the SOPA was never
intended to deal with damages claims. Under s 17(2A) of the SOPA, an
adjudicator is expressly precluded from considering “damage, loss or expense”
that is not supported by (a) a document showing agreement between the parties
on the quantum; or (b) any certificate or other document that is required to
be issued under the contract. Although s 17(2A) only came into force on 15
December 2019, after PC 25 was served, the purpose of s 17(2A) was to give
effect to what had always been intended under the SOPA. As the Minister of
State for National Development, Mr Zaqy Mohamad (“the Minister of State”),
explained at the second reading of the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 38/2018) (Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (2 October 2018) vol 94 (“2018
Parliamentary Debates”)), s 17(2A) was intended to exclude “complex claims”
involving “complicated prolongation costs, damages, losses or expenses”. Such
claims unduly lengthened the adjudication process and “[went] beyond the
original scope of the [SOPA], which [was] intended to cover claims for work
done or goods and services supplied”.

46 In this case, however, the scope of the Termination Costs includes damages
suffered by the employer as a result of the termination. Furthermore, there is
no mechanism under cl 30.3 providing for certification or any other document
to support the damages claimed. An adjudicator faced with a payment claim
based on cl 30.3 would therefore be precluded from considering such damages
claimed by the employer, despite such damages being an integral part of any
payment payable under cl 30.3. That being the case, it must follow that the
payments provided for under cl 30.3 do not fall within the ambit of the SOPA
regime.

Other observations

47 We make two final observations in relation to Dong Cheng’s entitlement to
serve a payment claim post-termination. First, we note that Dong Cheng’s
counsel, Mr Patrick Ong Kok Seng (“Mr Ong”), referred to a speech given by the
Minister of State at the 2018 Parliamentary Debates. The Minister of State
stated that:

Another amendment, also at clause 3, will make clear that claims for work done
or goods supplied before contract termination are valid. This is to address
any ambiguity on the point as to whether claimants can apply for adjudication
upon contract termination.

That said, we understand that it is common industry practice for contract
terms to suspend payment until a later date if a contractor has defaulted,
leading to the termination of the contract. When this happens, the [SOPA] will
pay heed to terms pre-agreed by parties. As such, clause 3 will require
adjudicators to respect the contract clauses on suspension of payment for
terminated contracts. This means that claimants that have defaulted on the
contract will need to abide by contract terms, and they will be able to submit
a payment claim under the [SOPA] only after the conditions in the contract
have been met.

48 Based on this, Mr Ong submitted that the SOPA contemplated that payment
claims may be submitted even after the termination of a contractor’s
employment. However, this argument had already been canvassed by this court
previously. In Shimizu Corp ([2] supra) at [36], we observed that the Minister
of State’s statement must be “seen in the context of the overarching
legislative scheme in the SOPA, in particular, the ‘gap-filling’ role which
the legislation fulfils”. As such, the amendments made to ss 2 and 4(2)(c) of
the SOPA simply mean that the SOPA can in principle apply to progress payment
claims served post-termination as well as payment claims made after the
lifting of a contractual suspension of payment. This is subject always to any
terms of the contract which provide to the contrary. In this case, as we found
above, the terms of the Contract did not entitle Dong Cheng to serve a payment
claim after the termination of its employment.

49 Second, we also note that s 10(2) of the SOPA provides that:

(2) A payment claim must be served —

(a) not later than —

(i) the date, or the last day of a period, specified in, or determined in
accordance with, the terms of the contract relating to the purpose of this
subsection; or

(ii) the date prescribed for the purpose of this subsection if the contract
does not contain such terms; and

(b) not later than 30 months after the following, whichever is applicable:

(i) the date on which the goods and services to which the amount in the
payment claim relates were last supplied;

(ii) the latest of the following dates:

(A) the date on which the construction work to which the amount in the payment
claim relates was last carried out;

(B) the issuance date of the last document, as at the time the payment claim
is served, certifying the completion of the construction work under a
contract;

(C) the issuance date of the last temporary occupation permit as at the time
the payment claim is served.

50 Thus, s 10(2) provides that a payment claim must be served not later than
30 months following one of the relevant events set out in s 10(2)(b). This is
in contrast to s 10(4) of the SOPA as enacted prior to the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment (Amendment) Act 2018 (Act 47 of
2018) (“the pre-2018 SOPA”), which provided a much longer “limitation period”
of six years. The shortened period of 30 months was reached as a form of
compromise between the time periods suggested by the Singapore Academy of Law
(SAL) Law Reform Committee and industry players (see the 2018 Parliamentary
Debates).

51 At first glance, s 10(2) of the current SOPA and s 10(4) of the pre-2018
SOPA may appear to suggest that a contractor’s entitlement to serve a payment
claim persists post-termination, as long as the payment claim is served before
the end of the “limitation period” prescribed in the respective provisions.
However, it should be observed that in accordance with our analysis above,
these provisions only apply to progress payment claims. Where the contractor’s
employment is terminated by the employer and where there is no contractual
entitlement to serve progress payment claims post-termination, it would follow
that the “long-stop” date of 30 months under the SOPA (or six years under the
pre-2018 SOPA) would not assist to enable the contractor to serve any progress
payment claim.

The futility of applying for adjudication of PC 25

52 Before concluding, we observe that irrespective of the legal position on
the relevant issues (ie, whether Dong Cheng was entitled to serve a payment
claim post-termination), it made no commercial sense for Dong Cheng to serve
PC 25 and then apply for adjudication of PC 25. This was done more than two
years following the termination of Dong Cheng’s employment, and about two
years after the Project itself was completed. Regardless of the outcome of
adjudication, the merits of the case would still be subsequently reopened by a
competent court or tribunal. In fact, that was precisely the case here – PC 25
was at the time of the appeal still the subject of pending arbitration
proceedings between the parties. At the hearing before us, Mr Ong could not
provide any logical reason why Dong Cheng applied for adjudication under the
SOPA regime. In our view, Dong Cheng’s decision to serve PC 25 and to apply
for adjudication of PC 25 only served to introduce a further layer of
unnecessary legal costs, with no benefit whatsoever to either party.

53 It is trite that an adjudication determination has only temporary finality.
This makes sense in the context of the SOPA regime, which ordinarily operates
while a project is underway and the contractor requires payment on a more
expedited basis. Indeed, we have observed that the temporary finality
conferred on an adjudication determination is a corollary of the expedited
nature of its process (see W Y Steel Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd
[2013] 3 SLR 380 at [22]). At the end of the day, however, the parties’ rights
and obligations are conclusively and finally determined in substantive
proceedings conducted after the project has been completed. We would encourage
parties to bear this in mind and conduct a proper cost-benefit analysis before
deciding to pursue adjudication under the SOPA regime. Otherwise, it is
ultimately the parties themselves, saddled with unnecessary legal costs, who
will lose out.

Conclusion

54 For all of the above reasons, we allowed Orion’s appeal in CA 13 and set
aside the AD. Given that the AD was set aside, the stay of enforcement of the
AD granted by the Judge (see [20] above) naturally fell away. Accordingly, we
dismissed Dong Cheng’s appeal in CA 112. We also awarded costs of $50,000 in
favour of Orion, inclusive of disbursements.

Sundaresh Menon Tay Yong Kwang Steven Chong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Valliappan Subramaniam and Ng Hweelon (Veritas Law Corporation) for the
appellant in CA/CA 13/2020 and the respondent in CA/CA 112/2020;

Ong Kok Seng, Ang Minghao and Tan Ting Ting (Patrick Ong Law LLC) for the
respondent in CA/CA 13/2020 and the appellant in CA/CA 112/2020.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

22 December 2020

Case summary

Orion-One Residential Pte Ltd v Dong Cheng Construction Pte Ltd and another
appeal [2020] SGCA 121  
Civil Appeals Nos 13 and 112 of 2020

\---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Court of Appeal (delivered by Justice Steven Chong):

Outcome: CoA allows an employer’s appeal against the decision of the High
Court judge (“the Judge”) in which the Judge declined to set aside an
adjudication determination (“AD”) in respect of a payment claim served by a
contractor on the employer after the contractor’s employment had been
terminated. CoA also dismisses the contractor’s appeal against the decision of
the Judge to grant a stay of enforcement of the AD.

Pertinent and significant points of the judgment

  * The Court of Appeal affirms its observations in Shimizu Corp v Stargood Construction Pte Ltd [2020] 1 SLR 1338 (“Shimizu Corp”), explaining that in order to determine whether a contractor is entitled to serve a payment claim after the termination of its employment, the court must have regard to the terms of the contract, with particular reference to the rights that were exercised by the parties leading up to the termination of the contractor’s employment (at [23]).

  * Given that an adjudication determination has only temporary finality, parties should conduct a cost-benefit analysis before deciding to pursue adjudication under the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SOPA”), so as to avoid incurring a further layer of costs with no apparent benefit (at [4] and [53]). 

## Background facts

  1. Orion-One Residential Pte Ltd (“Orion”) was the owner and developer of a condominium project (“the Project”). Dong Cheng Construction Pte Ltd was the main contractor of the Project between 1 February 2016 and 2 March 2017. 

  2. The contract between Orion and Dong Cheng (“the Contract”) incorporated the Real Estate Developers’ Association of Singapore Design and Build Conditions of Main Contract (3rd Ed, July 2013) (“REDAS Conditions”), as varied by a supplementary agreement dated 29 August 2016 (“the Supplementary Agreement”). 

  3. On 2 March 2017, by way of a Notice of Termination, Orion terminated Dong Cheng’s employment as the main contractor of the Project. Around May 2017, the professional parties involved in the Project, including the Employer’s Representative, concluded their employment. The Project was completed by another contractor around August 2017.

  4. About two years later, on 5 August 2019, Dong Cheng served Payment Claim 25 (“PC 25”) on Orion for the sum of $3,262,740.23. In Orion’s payment response, Orion denied Dong Cheng’s claim and instead asserted a claim against Dong Cheng in the sum of $21,792.27. Dong Cheng proceeded to lodge Adjudication Application SOP/AA 318/2019 in respect of PC 25. By way of an AD dated 18 October 2019, the adjudicator granted Dong Cheng’s application in part, awarding Dong Cheng the sum of $1,981,579.50. The adjudicator found, inter alia, that Dong Cheng was entitled to serve PC 25 despite the fact that PC 25 was served after Dong Cheng’s employment had been terminated. 

## Decision below

  5. Following the AD, Orion applied in HC/OS 1412/2019 to, inter alia, set aside the AD. One of the grounds relied upon by Orion to set aside the AD was that PC 25 was invalid because the termination of the ER’s employment rendered the ER functus officio. As the ER’s certification was a condition precedent to the contractor’s right to receive payment, any payment claim submitted after the ER was functus officio was invalid. 

  6. On 16 January 2020, the Judge dismissed Orion’s application to set aside the AD. The Judge found that a payment claim for works performed prior to the termination of a contractor’s employment and submitted after the termination of the ER’s employment was valid. On Orion’s application, the Judge granted a stay of enforcement of the AD pending the appeal of the Judge’s decision and the disposal of arbitration proceedings.

## The appeals

  7. In CA/CA 13/2020 (“CA 13”), Orion appealed against the Judge’s dismissal of its application to set aside the AD. Orion submitted that Dong Cheng was not entitled under the terms of the Contract to serve PC 25 because Dong Cheng’s employment had been terminated pursuant to cl 2.5 of the Supplementary Agreement. Therefore, cl 30.3 of the REDAS Conditions (which was relied upon by Dong Cheng as the basis for its entitlement to serve a payment claim post-termination) did not apply. Alternatively, Orion submitted that cl 30.3 did not preserve the ER’s role in certifying payment claims. 

  8. In response, Dong Cheng submitted, inter alia, that its right to serve a payment claim post-termination was preserved by way of cl 30.3.1 of the REDAS Conditions. Dong Cheng also appealed in CA/CA 112/2020 (“CA 112”) against the stay of enforcement granted by the Judge.

## The Court of Appeal’s decision in respect of CA 13

  9. The Court of Appeal (“the Court”) reaffirmed its observations in Far East Square Pte Ltd v Yau Lee Construction (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2019] 2 SLR 189 and Shimizu Corp that the starting point of the analysis must always be the terms of the contract. Thus, in determining a contractor’s entitlement to serve a payment claim post-termination, the court must have regard to the terms of the contract, with particular reference to the rights exercised by the parties leading up to the termination of the contractor’s employment: at [23]. 

  10. Applying this principle to the facts, the Court found that Dong Cheng’s employment had been terminated pursuant to cl 2.5 of the Supplementary Agreement. The basis for the issuance of the Notice of Termination was expressly stated to be cl 2.5 of the Supplementary Agreement. In the parties’ correspondence, Orion consistently referred to the Supplementary Agreement whereas there had been no mention whatsoever of the REDAS Conditions. Further, none of the reasons for Orion’s termination of Dong Cheng’s employment fell within cl 30.2 of the REDAS Conditions, the relevant provision setting out several situations in which the employer could terminate the contractor’s employment for breach: at [29].

  11. By invoking cl 2.5 to terminate Dong Cheng’s employment, ipso facto, Dong Cheng’s employment under both the Supplementary Agreement and the Contract was terminated. Given that cl 30.3 of the REDAS Conditions only applied if the contractor’s employment was terminated under cl 30.2, cl 30.3 did not come into play at all. Therefore, Dong Cheng’s reliance on cl 30.3 as the basis of its entitlement to serve PC 25 was entirely misplaced: at [30] and [31].

  12. Moreover, the Court found that even if cl 30.3 of the REDAS Conditions were applicable, it would not have entitled Dong Cheng to serve PC 25. This was for two reasons. 

    1. First, any payment payable by the employer under cl 30.3 was conditioned upon the ascertainment of all costs incurred by the employer as a result of the termination (“the Termination Costs”). This included the costs required to bring the project to completion as well as any sums that the contractor was legally liable to pay to the employer as a result of its breach of contract. On the facts, however, the Termination Costs had not been ascertained – the merits of PC 25 were, at the time of the appeal, the subject of ongoing arbitration proceedings between the parties. Since the precondition in cl 30.3.1 had not been met, cl 30.3 could not be used by Dong Cheng as the basis of its entitlement to serve PC 25: at [33]–[37].

    2. Second, cl 30.3 of the REDAS Conditions did not concern progress payments. Rather, it provided a mechanism for the final settlement of accounts between the parties upon the employer’s termination of the contractor’s employment for breach. This was evident from how the payment mechanism under cl 30.3 was structured in a significantly different manner from the progress payment regime set out in the amended cl 22 of the REDAS Conditions. This finding was reinforced by the fact that the scope of the Termination Costs includes damages suffered by the employer as a result of the termination, however, the SOPA was never intended to deal with damages claims: at [44]–[46].

  13. The Court reiterated its observation in Shimizu Corp that the amendments made to the SOPA in 2018 must be seen in context of the “gap-filling” role which the SOPA fulfils. Thus, the amendments made to ss 2 and 4(2)(c) of the SOPA simply meant that the SOPA could in principle apply to progress payment claims served post-termination as well as payment claims made after the lifting of a contractual suspension of payment, subject to any terms of the contract which provided to the contrary: at [48]. 

  14. The Court further explained that where the contractor’s employment was terminated and there was no contractual entitlement to serve progress payment claims post-termination, provisions in the SOPA stipulating a “long-stop” date for the service of progress payment claims would not assist to enable the contractor to serve any progress payment claim: at [51].

  15. Finally, the Court observed that it made no commercial sense for Dong Cheng to serve and apply for adjudication of PC 25 more than two years following the termination of its employment, and about two years after the Project itself was completed given that the adjudication determination has only temporary finality and was subject to a pending arbitration. This only introduced a further layer of unnecessary legal costs, with no benefit whatsoever to either party. The Court encouraged parties to conduct a proper cost-benefit analysis before deciding to pursue adjudication under the SOPA regime, so that parties may avoid being saddled with unnecessary legal costs: at [4], [52] and [53]. 

## The Court of Appeal’s decision in respect of CA 112

  16. Given that the AD was set aside, the stay of enforcement of the AD granted by the Judge fell away. Accordingly, the Court dismissed Dong Cheng’s appeal in CA 112 against the Judge’s decision to grant the stay of enforcement: at [20] and [54]. 

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s grounds
of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the
Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision.

  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 22 Dec 2020 (14:35 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

