Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHCF 20

District Court Appeal No 98 of 2018

Between

| TEN  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| TEO  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

District Court Appeal No 99 of 2018

Between

| TEO  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| TEN  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Divorce Suit No 6206 of 2012 (Summons No 117 of 2017 and
Summons No 1440 of 2018)

Between

| TEN  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| TEO  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Grounds of decision

[Family Law] — [Custody] — [Care and control]

[Family Law] — [Custody] — [Access]

[Family Law] — [Maintenance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TEN

  

v

  

TEO

  
and another appeal

[2020] SGHCF 20

High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal Nos 98 of 2018 and 99 of
2018  
Debbie Ong J  
20 March, 21 October 2019, 15 July 2020; 18 August 2020

23 November 2020

Debbie Ong J:

Introduction

1 The appeals before me were cross-appeals of the parents (“the Mother” and
“the Father”) against the decision of the district judge (“DJ”) on custody,
care and control, access and maintenance in relation to their two daughters,
who are now 16 and 13 years of age (“the Children”). HCF/DCA 98/2018 (“DCA
98”) was the Mother’s appeal and HCF/DCA 99/2018 (“DCA 99”) was the Father’s
appeal.

2 Both appeals formed part of a long-drawn and acrimonious parental dispute
that began in the courts in 2012 when the writ for divorce was filed. The
parents have remained locked in battle over the Children ever since. They have
appeared in both the Family Court and the High Court (Family Division)
numerous times for various matters.

3 In these appeals, I ordered that the Mother and the Father were to share
joint custody of the Children. The Children were to remain in the care and
control of the Father who was also ordered to facilitate the Mother’s access
to them. While it was in the Children’s interest to restore the relationship
with their Mother, I did not think it was beneficial for their welfare
presently to “force” them to reconnect with the Mother right now.

4 I first heard the parents on 6 March 2018 in HCF/YA 2/2017 (“YA 2”), which
was the Mother’s appeal against the decision of the Family Court to grant the
application of Child Protective Services (“CPS”) for care and protection
orders over the Children, under s 49 of the Children and Young Persons Act
(Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed) (“CYPA”). Under those orders, the Children were to
reside with the Father and access to the Mother was subject to the approval
and review of CPS. I set aside those orders and in my decision, reported as
UNB v Child Protector [2018] 5 SLR 1018 (“UNB”), I reminded the Mother and the
Father of s 46(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the
Charter”), which provides that “[u]pon the solemnization of marriage, the
husband and the wife shall be mutually bound to co-operate with each other in
safeguarding the interests of the union and in caring and providing for the
children”. I urged the Father to actively support the Children in rebuilding
their relationship with the Mother, and encouraged the Mother to be patient,
to understand that the process of restoration would take time, and to give her
best to work co-operatively towards the Children’s welfare (UNB at [64]).

5 It is unfortunate that the relationship between the Mother and the Children
has still not been restored to date. At the time of my decision in the present
appeals, the Mother had not had any meaningful contact with the Children since
August 2014 (when they would have been about ten and seven years old). The
Court of Appeal recently said in VDZ v VEA [2020] 2 SLR 858 (“VDZ”) that the
family justice system is “intended to aid the parties (and their children) to
achieve as much healing in all its variegated aspects as is possible in order
that they move forward as positively as possible with their lives” (at [75]).
The conduct of these proceedings is a reminder that while the family justice
system will fully support the families in moving forward, particularly in
respect of matters affecting children, it is the personal responsibility of
all parents to place the interests of their children at the forefront of all
their concerns.

Background

6 The earlier legal proceedings between the parents are set out in the
judgment in UNB at [6]–[13]. The following paragraphs set out only the brief
background relevant to the present appeals.

7 Shortly after divorce proceedings were commenced in 2012, both parents filed
various applications involving the custody of the Children. In May 2013, an
order was made granting joint custody of the Children to both parents, with
care and control to the Mother and access to the Father. A consent order was
reached in the divorce proceedings on 28 October 2013 on substantially the
same terms (see also UNB at [7]). This position remained unchanged until
August 2014, when both parents filed separate applications for sole custody,
and care and control of the Children. Those applications arose out of certain
incidents in August 2014 that led to the Children being hospitalised,
allegedly because the Mother had hurt them. The Father made a police report
and CPS was contacted. However, as the allegations of ill-treatment were
unsubstantiated, no further action was taken. Around that time, the Children’s
regular contact with the Mother ceased (UNB at [8]).

8 After various applications by both parents and the appointment of a Child
Representative by the Family Court, on 2 February 2016, the Family Court made
an interim order that the parents were to have joint custody of the Children,
while the Father had care and control of them. The Mother was to have access
to the Children by way of phone calls and Skype calls. The court also fixed a
review hearing six months later on 2 August 2016 (UNB ([4] supra) at [10]). At
the review hearing, the Family Court made a final order that the parents were
to continue to have joint custody of the Children, with care and control to
the Father and access to the Mother over Skype until 4 November 2016. On that
date, the parents were to have joint care and control of the Children, with
the Mother having overnight access, school holiday access and public holiday
access to the Children. This order will be referred to as “the August 2016
order” (UNB at [11]).

9 According to the Father, on 4 November 2016, the same day that the Children
were supposed to commence overnight access with the Mother, they became
hysterical and refused to leave his car. The Children were admitted to the
hospital. On 6 December 2016, the Children were once again referred to CPS.
This time, on 27 December 2016, CPS filed child protection proceedings seeking
care and protection orders pursuant to the CYPA. Their case was premised on
the emotional injury suffered by the Children, and not on any physical abuse
or ill-treatment (UNB at [12]–‍[13] and [21]).

10 The Youth Court granted CPS’s application as well as interim care and
protection orders under which the Children were to reside with the Father.
Access to the Mother was subject to the approval and review of the approved
CPS welfare officer. These interim orders were made final by the Youth Court
on 11 September 2017 (UNB at [13]). Subsequently, the Mother appealed against
that decision in YA 2.

11 Before the final care and protection orders were made, the Mother filed
FC/SUM 117/2017 (“SUM 117”) on 9 January 2017 seeking the following orders:

(a) The Mother shall be granted sole custody, and care and control of the
Children.

(b) The Father shall return the Children to the Mother forthwith.

(c) The Commissioner of Police of the Singapore Police Force shall be directed
to render all necessary assistance in the enforcement of the orders in
procuring the handover and/or return of the Children back into the custody,
care and control of the Mother.

(d) The Father and/or his relatives or agents shall be restrained from
contacting and/or physically removing the Children from the Mother’s custody
without the Mother’s prior written consent.

(e) Neither parent shall remove the Children from Singapore without an order
of court or by prior written agreement of both parents.

(f) The Mother shall continue to keep the Children’s passports, birth
certificates and citizenship certificates.

(g) The parents shall continue to undergo counselling and abide by the
instructions of the counsellors at [“TCC”].

(h) The parents shall not intrude into each other’s access time.

(i) The parents shall not make any recording of any conversation with the
Children or take or make photographs or recordings of the Children with the
prior written consent of both parents.

(j) The parents shall not make any negative comments about each other to the
Children.

(k) The Children shall not see any other counsellors or similar professionals
other than court-appointed counsellors without the Mother’s written consent.

12 The Father filed his own application also seeking custody, care and control
of the Children. On 9 November 2017, the DJ determined that it was not
appropriate to vary the August 2016 order or to make further orders on care
and control and access while YA 2 was pending, and declined to make any orders
(see TEN v TEO [2018] SGFC 17 at [49]–[51]). The Mother filed an appeal
against that decision in HCF/DCA 156/2017 (“DCA 156”).

13 On 6 March 2018, I allowed the Mother’s appeal in YA 2 against the care and
protection orders (UNB ([4] supra) at [5]). I held that the requirements in
the CYPA had not been met because the Children were not suffering from such
emotional injury that justified state intervention from CPS (UNB at [45]). In
particular, I was not persuaded that the Children were at such risk of being
ill-treated by the Mother. The only purported acts of ill-treatment were the
Mother’s attempts to enforce access orders to see her children, and it was
only in the context of their apparent rejection of her that CPS and the Father
alleged that her conduct was emotionally abusive (UNB at [51]). I also
highlighted that intervention by the State under the CYPA carried a risk of
negative effects because it risked entrenching the status quo at that time of
parental conflict, as the State and the Father appeared aligned with each
other, which might reinforce the Children’s negative perception of the Mother
(UNB at [60]). At the same time, I directed the Counselling and Psychological
Services (“CAPS”) of the Family Justice Courts to assist, including arranging
access between the Mother and the Children in a way that promoted
reunification, and to transfer the access arrangements to a Divorce Support
Specialist Agency (“the DSSA”) within one month (UNB at [63]). The family was
referred to the DSSA on 11 April 2018, but it appears that DSSA did not have
the opportunity to facilitate supervised access.

14 On 24 April 2018, less than two months after I set aside the care and
protection orders, the Father filed FC/SUM 1440/2018 in the Family Court
seeking the following orders:

(a) The Father shall be granted sole custody, and care and control of the
Children.

(b) The Children’s passports and birth certificates shall be handed to the
Father within seven days of the court order.

(c) The Father shall be at liberty to bring the Children overseas for holidays
giving the Mother at least one week’s advance notice together with the
itinerary and accommodation details.

(d) The Mother shall be ordered to attend and undergo
psychiatric/psychological assessment to ascertain her ability to relate to the
Children at the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”).

(e) Pending the completion of the IMH report, all contact by the Mother with
the Children shall cease, and in the meantime the Children shall undergo
counselling at DSSA to work out their issues pertaining to their relationships
with the Mother.

(f) The Mother shall contribute 50% of the Children’s maintenance with effect
from August 2014.

15 On 26 June 2018, DCA 156 (being the Mother’s appeal against the DJ’s
decision not to make any further orders in SUM 117) was fixed to be heard in
the High Court (Family Division). The Father’s counsel applied for the
Father’s application in SUM 1440 to be consolidated and heard together because
it would be rendered moot by any decision made in DCA 156. SUM 1440 was at
that time fixed to be heard by the DJ in the Family Court.

16 In light of my decision in YA 2, I considered it appropriate that both
parents’ applications be heard afresh by the DJ. In particular, it was highly
relevant that the DJ’s decision to make no orders on care and control in SUM
117 had been reached while the care and protection orders under the CYPA were
in force. As I had disposed of YA 2 and set aside the care and protection
orders, the DJ determining the care and control issues would no longer be
constrained by the care and protection orders under the CYPA. I remitted SUM
117 to be heard together with SUM 1440 so that the DJ could consider the
circumstances afresh and decide both parents’ applications together.

The decision below

17 The DJ heard SUM 117 and SUM 1440 together and made the following orders on
13 September 2018 (see TEN v TEO [2018] SGFC 112 (“GD”) at [1]):

(a) The parents shall have joint custody of the Children. For the purpose of
joint custody, the Father shall discuss major decisions relating to the
Children with the Mother. In the event that the parents are unable to agree,
the Father shall decide solely.

(b) The Father shall have care and control over the Children.

(c) The Mother shall hand over the Children’s original passports and birth
certificates to the Father within seven days.

(d) The Father shall be at liberty to bring the Children overseas for holidays
for up to one month by giving the Mother at least one week’s advance notice,
together with the full itinerary, contact and accommodation details of the
place(s) the Children will be residing at.

(e) The parents and the Children are to complete counselling sessions with the
DSSA.

(f) In the interim, the Mother shall have supervised access with the Children
at the DSSA once a week for eight sessions, after which a report shall be
submitted to the court by the DSSA and a review will be fixed by the court.

(g) The Mother shall not be required to pay the Father maintenance for the
Children.

18 In setting out the reasons for his decision, the DJ highlighted that no
appeal had been brought against the August 2016 order on custody, care and
control (referred to at [8] above): GD at [31]. Hence, the first issue was
whether there had been a material change in circumstances that would
necessitate a variation of those orders: GD at [34]. Given the state of the
relationship between the Children and the Mother, the orders were unworkable
and such unworkability constituted a material change in circumstances: GD at
[36].

19 While the DJ did not exclude the possibility of the Father exerting some
degree of influence over how the Children viewed the Mother, he held that
there was a lack of clear and compelling evidence and grounds to make a
conclusive finding that since the interim orders, the Father had been
deliberately or wilfully alienating the Children from the Mother: GD at
[38]–[40]. He found that the Mother had, by her own actions and behaviour
post-August 2016, contributed to the Children becoming estranged from her.
This behaviour included the manner in which the Mother interacted with the
Children during Skype access sessions, and her acts of exposing them to the
court order and related messages: GD at [44]–[45].

20 On the issue of custody, care and control, the DJ held that it was not in
the Children’s best interests for custody and care and control to be awarded
to the Mother solely as the Children were clearly not ready for such
arrangements. The relationship between the Mother and the Children needed to
be rebuilt, and to prematurely award sole custody and care and control to the
Mother would, in all likelihood, have a strongly adverse effect on the
Children: GD at [48]. Further, given the current state of the relationship
between the Children and the Mother as well as the significant level of
conflict and acrimony between the Mother and the Father, shared care and
control was neither feasible, nor in the Children’s best interests. The DJ
held that it was in the Children’s best interests and welfare that care and
control be given to the Father: GD at [49].

21 The DJ was of the view that the Mother still cared for the Children and
wished to be involved in their lives, and that it was not in the Children’s
welfare for sole custody to be awarded to the Father. The DJ intended to send
a message to both parents that, notwithstanding their differences, they should
endeavour to communicate and discuss key matters and major decisions relating
to the Children. However, if there was a deadlock after the discussions, the
Father, as the parent having care and control, would decide the matter. This
was in order to avoid, or at least minimise, the likelihood of the parents
having to make further applications to the court: GD at [52].

22 The DJ granted the Mother supervised access to the Children at the DSSA for
eight sessions: GD at [53]. He declined to send the Children or the Mother for
further assessment, or to order additional reports as it would be more
suitable for the DSSA to make any follow-up arrangements, if necessary: GD at
[54].

23 As a consequence of his decision to grant the Father care and control, the
DJ also allowed the Father to keep the Children’s birth certificates and
passports so that the Father would not have to repeatedly request them from
the Mother. This was in the hopes of minimising the likelihood of further
disputes: GD at [56]. The Father was also allowed to bring the Children
overseas provided that he kept the Mother updated of all the necessary
details: GD at [57].

24 With respect to maintenance, the DJ noted that while both parents should be
responsible for the Children’s expenses after divorce, the Father did not
provide any documentary proof of his job or earnings and there was no evidence
that the Mother earned more than him or that he was unable to maintain the
Children on his own. The DJ was also mindful of the likelihood of future
disputes over issues of payment or enforcement of maintenance, and so declined
to order the Mother to pay maintenance: GD at [59].

The present appeals

25 Both parents filed appeals against the DJ’s orders. The Mother also filed
an application to stay the execution of the orders so that she would not have
to hand the Children’s passports to the Father. This application was refused,
and she appealed against this decision in HCF/RAS 30/2018, which I heard and
dismissed on 21 January 2019. At the hearing of that appeal, the Father’s
counsel agreed to keep the Children’s passports on an interim basis until the
court disposed of the present appeals.

26 When I first heard the present appeals on 20 March 2019, I noted that the
reports on the Children that were available to the court were outdated. I
directed the parents and the Children to attend “family conferences” to be
fixed and managed by CAPS, and also directed CAPS to assess the state of the
children, to identify how they had reached this extent of estrangement with
the Mother and what therapeutic interventions they may need to move forward.
My hope was for CAPS to provide the therapeutic support they could to this
family within this period to take steps forward in a positive way. Supervised
access was suspended for the time being so that CAPS could facilitate access
when assessed to be appropriate.

27 The matter came before me again on 21 October 2019 to record an interim
consent order that (amongst other things), pending the final decision in these
appeals, the Father was at liberty to bring the Children overseas for a period
of up to one month upon giving the Mother at least 24 hours’ notice together
with the full itinerary, contact details and accommodation details of where
the Children would be staying. The parents also recorded their consent that
the Children should be at liberty to go overseas for future school trips, and
the Father should inform the Mother of such trips as soon as he was aware of
them. This was an encouraging development – the parents were able to reach an
agreement on these issues, which was a positive sign that they could cooperate
on issues that were important for the Children’s welfare.

28 The final hearing for the present appeals was fixed on 15 July 2020. This
was intended to be conducted with the benefit of reports from CAPS. For
various reasons, including the intervening restrictions due to the COVID-19
pandemic, only the parents and the older daughter had been interviewed by CAPS
by the time of the hearing. Nevertheless, I considered the available reports
in reaching my decision.

The Mother’s case

29 In DCA 98, the Mother appealed against these aspects of the DJ’s decision:

(a) “Veto Power”: The Mother appealed against what she submitted was a “veto
power” granted to the Father by the DJ as the parents were granted joint
custody of the Children but where they did not agree, the Father had the power
to decide the matter solely.

(b) Care and control: The Mother appealed against the grant of care and
control of the Children to the Father. She argued that the Children were
rejecting her for the sole reason that they had been subject to negative
indoctrination by the Father. She accepted, however, that the Children could
not be “airlifted” to her care and asked that they continue to attend
counselling, even if they remained in the care of the Father.

(c) Overseas travel: The Mother initially appealed against the permission
granted to the Father to take the Children overseas and sought the
reinstatement of “safeguards” in the August 2016 order, which included the
provision that neither parent should remove the Children from Singapore
without an order of court or by prior written agreement. She accepted a
different position at the hearing on 15 July 2020 after an interim consent
order had been reached in October 2019 and agreed that the Father could take
the Children overseas (see [58]‍–‍[59] below).

(d) Passports and birth certificates: As part of the safeguards on overseas
travel, the Mother also appealed against the order that she should hand over
the passport and birth certificates belonging to the Children to the Father
within seven days of the order. She maintained this argument even after
agreeing to overseas access.

The Father’s case

30 In DCA 99, the Father appealed against these aspects of the DJ’s decision:

(a) Joint custody: The Father submitted that he should be awarded sole custody
of the Children. This was an exceptional case as the parents were unable to
cooperate and the Children were suffering from emotional injury.

(b) Supervised access: The Father submitted that the court should obtain
reports from IMH and the DSSA to understand the Children’s fear of the Mother,
and the Mother should not be allowed access to the Children for now.

(c) Psychological and psychiatric assessment: The Father submitted that the
Mother should undergo psychiatric or psychological assessment to ascertain her
ability to relate to the children at IMH and that, pending the report, all
contact between the Mother and the Children should cease.

(d) Maintenance: The Father submitted that the Mother should pay $3,761.35 in
monthly maintenance for both Children.

Decision

Observations

31 As the present case involved breakdowns in family relationships so grave
and extreme that even the State, through CPS, became involved, I found it
appropriate to set out some observations on the deterioration of the
relationship between the Mother and the Children. This was not to assign blame
to either parent, but to reflect on how the relationship breakdown might have
been caused by the actions, unintentional or otherwise, of both parents, and
how their reactions to the dispute might have influenced the Children. This
may assist the parents to better appreciate what parental responsibility
entails, what supporting the welfare of the children fully means, and how they
should continue to discharge their parental responsibility. The Children are
still young, and the parents will have to continue to co-parent for several
more years ahead.

32 The Father’s counsel emphasised the need to hear the voices of the Children
which she claimed reflected their genuine fear of the Mother. However, the
“voices” of the Children in these circumstances may not necessarily reflect
their authentic perspectives if they have been subjected to a significant
amount of influence from a parental figure over the years, beginning at a time
when they were young in age. The Father’s counsel relied extensively on
counselling reports by Clinic R (“the R reports”), which were produced by the
Father in support of his applications for sole custody in 2013 and 2014. Later
reports were also produced in 2015. The Mother submitted that the R reports
were biased and written by the Father’s “hired guns”, and that the Father
engaged in parental alienation and manipulated the Children to reject her.

33 I considered these reports and was of the view that the court ought to be
cautious in giving weight to their contents. It appeared to me that these
reports were sought by the Father for the purpose of litigation. Further, the
counsellors did not interview the Mother or any other independent person. Even
if these reports were to be considered, I was unable to draw any inference
that the Children were rejecting their mother from 2013 or even prior to
August 2014. At most, I was only able to accept that during that period, the
Children did not like something in the Mother’s home environment rather than
the Mother herself.

34 When the custody battles first began, the Father likely took advantage of
the Children’s preference for his home over the Mother’s home. The R reports
from 2013 to 2014 included portions that suggested that the Children preferred
the Father’s home to the Mother’s home. Nothing negative was stated directly
about the Mother; instead there were suggestions that the Children had issues
with other people in the home, such as their maternal grandmother and uncle.
For example, there were indications in the earlier reports that the Children
were reluctant to return to the Mother’s home because they had witnessed the
maternal grandmother scolding the helper.

35 The Father’s counsel appeared to suggest that the Children’s failure to say
something negative about the Mother in the earlier reports was suspicious, and
that it should be inferred that there was something negative about their
interactions with her. This was neither a fair nor logical inference. In fact,
various aspects of the R reports suggested that the Children had a good
relationship with the Mother until at least May 2014. The older daughter
shared that the Children engaged in leisure activities such as shopping,
watching movies or making up funny stories with the Mother. She also indicated
that she would like to spend half her time with each parent. The counsellor
opined that she was well-bonded with both parents, and there was no obvious
indicator that she was rejecting of the Mother in particular. The younger
daughter also expressed that she enjoyed “shopping with mummy” and drawing
images of the Mother or drawing with the Mother’s favourite colour. The
counsellor noted that she “expressed her love towards her mother during
sessions” (which were between February and May 2014). The younger daughter did
not want to take sides, but the counsellor noted that she did not appear keen
on living in the Mother’s home.

36 Something changed just prior to August 2014. The Father produced “evidence”
of the Children’s rejection of the Mother in his affidavits, and the
Children’s drawings dated from August to October 2014. The older daughter
wrote that the Mother’s house was “bad bad and bad”. The Father also claimed
to have video evidence of the Children’s rejection of the Mother from 2013 to
2014. I found that the Father’s allegations that the Children had been
traumatised by the Mother’s actions since 2012 did not match up with the
Children’s opinion that they loved the Mother in the very same R reports that
the Father relied on. It would appear that the shift towards negativity
appeared between May 2014 to August 2014, but the parents did not point me to
any objective evidence that could explain this drastic change.

37 The Mother has had little opportunity for contact with the Children since
August 2014. Yet, the Children are rejecting the Mother in an alarming way
today even though there would have been little that the Mother could have done
to abuse the children (as alleged by the Father) after that date. Further, the
Children’s anger towards the Mother appeared to have escalated since August
2014 despite their lack of contact with her, to an extent that seemed
disproportionate to the alleged incidents of abuse. I found it likely that
there was excessive gatekeeping or alienating behaviour by the Father, through
conduct arising whether intentionally or unintentionally from his words and
acts. For example, the Father claimed there was evidence of the Children’s
preference for living with him in the form of a questionnaire dated 12
November 2014 in which he had asked the Children, “Who do you like to live
permanently with – at [the address of the maternal family’s home] or with
Daddy at Daddy’s Home?” This was an example of a question framed in an
unbalanced manner, focused on the Mother’s home by reference to only her
address with no reference to the Mother herself, but one that used an
affectionate description of the Father’s home without an address. Not
surprisingly, the Children indicated their preference for “Daddy’s Home”.

38 Another example involved a handover incident on 5 November 2015 at a public
library. The Father claimed that the Children were so resistant to seeing
their mother that two complete strangers called the police to express their
concerns about a woman approaching two young girls. He produced a police
report and a statutory declaration by these strangers. The Mother submitted
that this was a “set up”. Indeed, I find the circumstances to be of concern.
The police report was made on 7 November 2015 and the statutory declaration
was made on 17 December 2015. If the people were indeed strangers, it is
surprising that the Father would have access to a report made two days after
the event, or get in touch with a stranger to obtain a statutory declaration a
few weeks later.

39 I also found the Father’s use of the child protection proceedings very
disappointing. As stated above (at [9]), while CPS applied for care and
protection orders on behalf of the Children, it is significant to note that
despite the Father’s previous insistence that the Mother had physically abused
them, the care and protection applications were made on the basis of
emotional, not physical, injury. The alleged emotional injury appeared to be
largely related to the Mother “forcing” access (UNB ([4] supra) at [51]). CPS
filed a report observing that the Children continued to fear the Mother in
2017, despite the Children having been in the Father’s care since August 2014.
By this point in time, their fears had become so extreme that it included the
fear that the Mother would kill them or harm them.

40 The reports by various counsellors and professional services tendered to
the court also raised some concerns. Reports by two Family Service Centres in
2016 and 2017 observed that the Children exhibited a high level of accusatory
behaviour and aversion towards the Mother. The social worker observed that
there was a possibility that the Children had been alienated from the Mother
as their extreme aversion to her appeared disproportionate to the available
evidence of the abuse allegedly inflicted on them. At the same time, there was
no conclusive evidence that such alienation was intentional, as it could be a
result of the Father’s overprotectiveness or projection of his sense of
helplessness or victimisation. One counselling centre (“TCC”) which attended
to the parents and the Children from February to July 2015 recommended a
different approach in managing the Children. The social workers recommended
longer periods of access for the Mother as the Father was too obliging to the
Children’s desire not to see their Mother. They noted that the Children were
unable to recall any positive interactions with the Mother, and that the
Father had told the Children directly that the Mother was the cause of their
inability to travel overseas, despite knowing that their perception of the
Mother would be negatively reinforced. Unfortunately, the Father thereafter
became extremely resistant to counselling by TCC and claimed that the sessions
caused more harm to the Children. He unilaterally cancelled counselling
sessions with them. The report of the Child Representative appointed by the
court also hinted that the Children had been coached by the Father.

41 I had considered the above reports in my decision in UNB (at [45]–[48]),
where I had reached the conclusion that the Children were not at risk of ill-
treatment or emotional injury at the hands of the Mother. Despite my
exhortation for the parents to cooperate in UNB (see also [4] above), the
Father still did not appear to support the Children’s relationship with their
Mother. Instead, he appeared to continue to paint a picture of the Mother as
an obstructive parent to the Children and did not protect the Children from
the parental conflict to the extent that he could have.

42 For example, in his submissions filed in March 2019, he alleged that the
Mother had interfered with the Children’s holiday in February 2019 by causing
the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”) to detain and question the
family at Tuas Checkpoint. In a letter to the ICA, the Father alleged that the
ICA had received instructions from the Mother to prevent the Children from
leaving the country and that the younger daughter was separated from the
family to be questioned, which was a highly traumatic experience. The ICA
categorically denied that it was acting on the Mother’s instructions, or that
the Children had been separated from the family, and further stated that there
was CCTV footage as evidence. At the hearing, it was further suggested that
the Mother had “contact” with the ICA. The suggestion that the Mother was
somehow capable of manipulating government actors was a serious one. In my
view, this incident was an example of the Father’s tendency to exaggerate or
embellish incidents to cast the Mother in a negative light, and went to the
credibility of his allegations.

43 The Father repeatedly defied orders for supervised visitation or access by
claiming that the Children were resistant. The Mother also claimed he had been
deliberately hindering therapy and counselling for the Children, including
communication with the Children by the Family Justice Courts’ own counsellors.
It was, and remains, the responsibility of the Father as the parent with care
and control, to facilitate the reunion between the Children and the Mother.
The law does not “force” children to love a parent; even in functioning
families, children may be closer to one parent than the other, and may even
have conflicts with a parent. The law does, however, expect a parent not to
engage in alienating behaviour, and to support the reunification efforts as
far as he or she can. If a parent has been facilitative and the children
still, for whatever reason, continue to reject the other parent, that is
another matter. Here, the Father did not merely fail to be facilitative, the
reports and evidence available on the relationship breakdown between the
Mother and the Children suggested he had exhibited excessive gatekeeping or
polarising conduct. The Father’s application for the Mother to be sent for
psychiatric assessment before she was permitted to see the Children further
reflected his view that the Mother had mental issues that rendered her unfit
even for supervised access. Given how strongly he felt on this issue, I found
it likely that he had shared these views with the Children.

44 Having considered the evidence available before me, I found that the Father
had undermined the Children’s emotional and psychological wellbeing by failing
to cease this behaviour over the past years. I stress that I did not by this
view find that the Father’s influence was the only cause of the estranged
situation between the Children and the Mother, for there are always other
various factors at play in how relationships turn out.

45 In this case, I found that the Mother also bore some responsibility for the
present state of her relationship with the Children. While it must have been
distressing to see the Children withdraw from her, she reacted by insisting on
contact with them, which unfortunately pushed the Children further away. The
Father’s conduct played into the Mother’s fears of losing her Children, to the
extent that she took positions that might have appeared unreasonable to the
Children, such as insisting on keeping their passports, which made it
difficult for them to travel. Unfortunately, over the past six years the
Children have somehow lost all good memories of the Mother from earlier times
and despite repeated intervention, remain resistant to meeting her.

46 I made these observations to explain my views on what contributed to the
serious breakdown of the family relationships as they stand today. The issue
before me in these appeals, however, was how to help this family move forward.
Although the Children’s fears about the Mother were exacerbated by the
Father’s conduct, those fears were real to them, and the past six years have
been very difficult for them. They have had to see multiple counsellors and
repeatedly recount their anxieties to them. They were also unable to travel
freely or enjoy their childhood in ordinary ways. The overarching aspiration
of the family justice system is to assist families to move forward positively.
Therapeutic justice delivered through a problem-solving court process seeks to
allow healing, restoration and recasting of a positive future (see VDZ ([5]
supra) at [75]). It is with these principles in mind, and the welfare of the
Children as my utmost concern, that I approached the legal issues in these
appeals.

Custody

47 Both parents sought sole custody of the Children. The Mother alleged that
the Father had engaged in extensive parental alienation which caused the
Children to reject her. The Father alleged that the Children felt fear and
anxiety when told to interact with the Mother.

48 It is accepted that an order for sole custody of a child is only made in
exceptional circumstances, such as where one parent physically, sexually, or
emotionally abuses the child (CX v CY (minor: custody and access) [2005] 3
SLR(R) 690 (“CX v CY”) at [38]). Acrimony alone is not sufficient to justify a
sole custody order (CX v CY at [24]).

49 While the Father’s submissions suggested that he took the position that the
Mother was emotionally abusing the Children by causing them “emotional
injury”, I did not accept this view. I held in UNB ([4] supra) (at [51]):

… I was also not persuaded that the Children were at such risk of being ill-
treated by the Mother. I note that the only purported acts of ill-treatment
were the Mother’s attempt to enforce access orders to see her Children… In
other words, the conflict between the Children and the Mother stem from the
difficulties in carrying out the access orders, which, in my judgment, hardly
warrants state intervention. Her desire to see the Children is not in itself
harmful; in fact, in ordinary circumstances, a mother’s desire to see her
children is a wonderful thing. It is in the context of the Children’s apparent
rejection of her that CPS and the Father have alleged her desire and attempt
to see them as emotionally abusive. …

50 Even on the Father’s own case, any hurt or trauma to the Children would be
caused by “forced” access. That in itself was insufficient to find emotional
injury by the Mother. I agreed with the DJ below that the Mother still cares
for the Children and wishes to be involved in their lives. Even if immediate
access did hurt the Children, this did not mean that the Mother could not be
involved, at least indirectly, in major life decisions with the Father’s co-
operation. As for the Mother’s submissions, I stated above (at [44]) that I
did not conclude that the Father was deliberately and intentionally alienating
the Children from the Mother; rather, the breakdown of their relationship was
a result of a confluence of factors. It was clear to me that the Father cared
about the Children and there was no reason to deprive him of custody.
Generally, an order for sole custody would have the consequence of depriving
children of the guidance and input of the non-custody parent in major issues
affecting their upbringing – as such, it should not be made too readily.
Despite the high level of acrimony between the parents, there were no
exceptional circumstances which would warrant such an order in the present
case.

51 This case involved two parents who loved (and continue to love) their
children, but gravely lacked insight on how best to parent them after their
own marital relationship broke down. Even in functioning families, parenting
styles differ, and parents may disagree on various parenting issues, but
functioning families are able to sort out their conflicts and move on. Each
child is also different – in personality, in developmental needs and even in
how each connects with her father and her mother. In the present case, as the
Children are now teenagers, their needs and wants will also change. Both
parents could do with the assistance of appropriate services that can assist
them to be stronger parents.

52 In the present case, I also accepted that there was a high degree of
hostility between the parents and it was likely that they would not be able to
decide on certain matters. The presence of hostility does not invariably mean
that a joint custody order would be unworkable (see CX v CY ([48] supra) at
[29]). However, in the present circumstances of this case, it would be in the
best interests of the Children and the parents to forestall any protracted
disputes between them in respect of major decisions concerning the Children.
As such, I affirmed the DJ’s order of joint custody which also provided that
if the parents were unable to agree on major decisions, the Father should
decide the matter. I made this decision in light of the fact that the parents
have had to resort to multiple applications to the court over the past six
years that have entombed the family in the litigation box. Many of these
applications involved decisions that parents are best placed to decide; it is
in the Children’s best interests if they can be decided without litigation in
court. The consent order recently reached in October 2019 was a positive sign
that the parents could agree on matters that were important for the Children.

53 I emphasised that the joint custody order meant that the Father must inform
and consult the Mother on the issue(s) to be decided before making any
decision himself. He cannot make a unilateral decision without consulting the
Mother by assuming that they will not be able to agree. The Mother also
expressed her view that being kept informed was also important. For that
reason, I also directed that the Father shall send the Mother regular updates
of the Children’s progress in school on a quarterly basis. Copies of the
material in the school report books shall be provided to the Mother by email,
and the Mother shall provide an email address which the Father can use for
this purpose.

Care and control and access

54 Both parents also sought sole care and control of the Children. The Father
submitted that all access between the Mother and the Children should cease
until the Mother was sent for psychiatric assessment. The Mother, on the other
hand, accepted that the Children were not ready to be transferred to her care
immediately and asked that they continue to receive therapeutic intervention.

55 I have said above (at [44]) that I did not conclude that the breakdown of
the relationship between the Mother and the Children was solely attributable
to the Father’s conduct. I did not think a reversal of care and control here
was appropriate. I highlight that the Mother was not seeking an immediate
reversal of care and control because she (very fairly, in the circumstances)
recognised that it would be difficult to immediately restart contact with the
Children. She indicated that she was open to a more gradual process. I commend
the Mother for her patience in this regard. I did not find that her conduct in
seeking to re-establish contact with the Children indicated any kind of
psychiatric or mental disorder. I did not order the Mother to attend
psychiatric assessment as I did not accept the Father’s submission that she
was not mentally sound. However, like the Father, she can benefit from
therapeutic support services for herself, which could include strengthening
parenting and communication skills.

56 In the present circumstances, I found that the best interests of the
Children required the Mother to cease direct contact with them until they were
ready and willing to meet her. This would be painful for the Mother, but I was
of the opinion that pushing the Children to connect with the Mother now might
cause a further deterioration of whatever remained of their relationship with
her. It would be better for the Children to be given room to recover without
such pressure. When the Children are older, they may see and understand that
both parents loved them, but when they were unable to resolve their own
conflicts, circumstances spun off in a direction that was very unfortunate. It
may well be that children of divorce will only be able to look back on the
difficult years and understand that their parents were themselves mired in
deep emotions that might have taken over rational decision-making, only after
they have reached adulthood. These children, as more mature adults, may then
be willing to reconnect with their estranged parents.

57 I note that the Children continue to receive professional therapeutic
support. At the July 2020 hearing, the Father’s counsel informed the Court
that the DSSA was restarting sessions with the older daughter while the IMH’s
Child Guidance Clinic (“CGC”) was starting sessions with the younger daughter.
The Mother was willing to continue with counselling at the DSSA, and both
parents were agreeable to the DSSA having overall conduct of the Children’s
counselling. Given the extent of legal proceedings so far, and to avoid having
the Children see too many therapists, the parents were also agreeable to CGC
communicating with the DSSA on the younger daughter’s progress. It was my hope
that with therapeutic support, the Children would be willing to meet their
mother in future. As I have said earlier (at [51]), both parents also need to
be willing to learn to parent under these circumstances and should seek
support services for themselves in this respect where appropriate.

Overseas access

58 At the time of the hearing, the Children’s passports were held by the
Father’s counsel pursuant to my directions in the Mother’s earlier appeal (see
[25] above). The Mother did not want the documents to be handed to the Father
as she was concerned the Children would be taken overseas without her consent.
While I sympathised with the Mother’s anxieties, it was neither practical nor
sustainable for the passports to be kept with the lawyers indefinitely and I
agreed with the DJ that it was unlikely that the Father would abduct the
Children overseas as they are well-settled here (GD at [58]). I ordered that
the Father, as the parent with care and control, should have possession of the
Children’s passports and birth certificates.

59 As stated above (at [27] and [29(c)]), the parents had reached an agreement
on the Children’s travel arrangements in October 2019. The interim order also
stipulated that the Father was at liberty to bring the Children overseas for
up to one month upon giving the Mother 24 hours’ notice. In light of my
decision that the Father should keep the Children’s passports, I was of the
view that a longer period of one week’s notice was appropriate, moving
forward, to give the Mother greater assurance. In line with the interim order,
the Children shall be at liberty to go overseas for future school trips, and
the Father shall inform the Mother of such trips as soon as he is aware of
them.

Maintenance

60 The Father’s counsel submitted that the Mother was obliged to maintain the
Children, that she had failed to produce evidence of her own income, and that
affordability was not an issue. The Father, however, also did not produce
evidence of his own income. The evidence before this court was limited to what
was declared in both parents’ affidavits of assets and means filed in 2014,
and the information was necessarily outdated by the time the appeals came
before me. The Father’s counsel indicated that the Father did not want to
disclose more information about his assets and means due to the level of
distrust between the parents. In my view, he should have done so to allow the
court to reach a fair decision. In fact, this was the reason the DJ declined
to make an order for maintenance (GD at [59]).

61 Section 68 of the Charter provides that both parents have the duty to
maintain their children. The obligation to maintain a child does not vary
according to whether the parent has access or the quality of the personal
relationship the parent has with the child (see VDZ v VEA [2020] 4 SLR 921 at
[69]). The Mother indicated that she was willing to pay for the Children’s
necessities, such as their school fees, save that she preferred to pay the
money directly to the school rather than to the Father. Her concerns were with
what she perceived to be the Father’s “discretionary expenses” including the
house that he was renting and the car that he owned – she perceived them to be
unnecessary, being in the nature of a luxury rather than a need.

62 It was heartening that the Mother desired to provide for the Children
despite the state of their relationship, and I considered this to be an
expression of her continued commitment to the Children and desire to be
involved in their lives. In the circumstances, however, as the Father has care
and control of the Children, it was more practical for him to have a budget
that he could manage rather than to allow the Mother to pay the sum to the
Children’s schools directly, especially since this sum would vary as the
Children progress in their education.

63 The Father proposed a total maintenance sum of $3,761.35. Having considered
the list of expenses set out by the Father as well as the lack of information
on his means, and bearing in mind the Mother’s willingness to provide for the
Children’s necessities, I was satisfied that a total monthly sum of $1,500 was
a fair amount for her to provide for both Children. I assured the Mother that
this was a sum that the Children would require for their basic necessities
each month in any event, including their school fees, food and daily expenses.

64 The Mother was therefore to pay $1,500 to the Father every month as
maintenance for both Children. I ordered this maintenance order to take effect
from the date of my decision. Although the Father sought backdated
maintenance, a decision to backdate maintenance was within the discretion of
the Court (AMW v AMZ [2011] 3 SLR 955 at [13]). I declined to exercise my
discretion in the circumstances of this case. I hoped that the Mother’s
provision of maintenance would be an opportunity for her to show the Children
that she cared for them and would provide for them.

Conclusion

65 I dismissed both appeals save for the orders I have specifically made. I
directed CAPS to assist in the family’s transition to the DSSA but I declined
to fix any further review hearing because in my view, it was time for
litigation to conclude, for the Children’s sake. The parents should “let go”
of the issues that have enmeshed them in hurtful conflict; they should learn
to co-operate moving forward, so that the Children would not find themselves
the subject matter of litigation again, endlessly.

66 Much resources have been poured into this family to help them overcome
these conflicts. Ultimately, it is the personal responsibility of parents to
be the best they can be for the sake of their children – bigger, kinder,
wiser. As the Court of Appeal reminded the parents in VDZ (([5] supra) at
[79]), “[e]very child requires love and care from both parents in order to
grow up and achieve their fullest potential as balanced individuals” [emphasis
in original]. It is my hope that in time, the Children will rediscover their
relationship with the Mother, and I hope the Mother does not lose heart.

Debbie Ong  
Judge

The appellant in HCF/DCA 98/2018 and the respondent in HCF/DCA 99/2018 in
person;  
Hing Wei Yuen Angelina and Ng Yu Hui Michelle (Integro Law Chambers LLC) for
the respondent in HCF/DCA 99/2018 and the appellant in HCF/DCA 99/2018.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Nov 2020 (17:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

