Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 250

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9217 of 2019

Between

Michael Frank Hartung  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Sexual offences]

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Hartung, Michael Frank

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

  

[2020] SGHC 250

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9217 of 2019  
Aedit Abdullah J  
4 September, 13 November 2020.

13 November 2020 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 These are my reasons for dismissing this appeal against the conviction of
the Appellant on two charges under s 376D(1)(c) of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”), for distribution of information with the
intention of promoting unlawful conduct under s 376C of the Penal Code,
specifically, by providing information about child sex tours to undercover
officers on two different occasions. The Appellant, who was represented below,
argued this appeal on his own.

Background

2 The Appellant, a German national who has apparently lived in Singapore and
Asia for some time, was previously involved in the financial industry, and had
since set up a tour agency, ERASIG LLP (“Erasig”). It appears from the
Appellant’s answers while under cross-examination that Erasig provided the
administrative and logistical aspects of tours it organised, including but not
limited to transportation, accommodation, entrance fees for sightseeing tours,
and travel insurance.

Events relating to the first charge

3 In respect of the first charge, the Appellant had communications on Yahoo
Messenger in which an undercover police officer, Prosecution Witness 8
(“PW8”), using the username “jacksonfong4”, asked him to organise a tour for a
group of men where virgin mid-teen girls would stay overnight with them. The
Appellant, in response, suggested, inter alia, a “3 day tour including
individual travel guide/compangnion [sic] all included” costing “1500
p[esos]”. This communication led to a meeting in September 2015 at a cafe in a
shopping mall, between the appellant, PW8, and Prosecution Witness 6 (“PW6”),
another undercover police officer. Various matters relating to a commercial
sex tour in the Philippines were communicated by the Appellant to the two
undercover officers, which eventually became the subject matter of the first
charge.

Events leading to the second charge

4 Separately, the Appellant also communicated with a persona going by the
username “Darkthrone” (originally PW8 but subsequently at the meeting below,
Prosecution Witness 9 (“PW9”)) on a forum for those engaging in bondage and
similar activities. It was conveyed during such communications that
“Darkthrone” had a sexual preference for “young blood between 14 to 18 [years
old]”, and “Darkthrone” asked if the Appellant was planning any tours in Asia
in which they could “meet to [torture] young blood together”. The Appellant
indicated that this could be done and suggested a physical meeting.
Thereafter, two undercover officers, PW9 and Prosecution Witness 10 (“PW10”),
posing as two persons interested in the tour, met with the appellant at a pub
on 15 April 2016. Various matters relating to a commercial sex tour, that
eventually formed the subject matter of the second charge, were also discussed
at this meeting.

5 The names and identities of PW6, PW8, PW9, and PW10 are subject to a gag
order and may not be disclosed.

The Decision Below

6 The District Judge convicted the Appellant of the two charges and sentenced
him to 36 and 30 months’ imprisonment for the first and second charges
respectively, with the sentences running consecutively for a total of 66
months. The District Judge reached his decision after finding that the
Prosecution had proven its case beyond reasonable doubt. The Appellant, even
before the meetings, was aware of the interest expressed by the undercover
officers’ personae in commercial sex with minors overseas, through (a) chats
on online messaging, and (b) the website on which he interacted with
“Darkthrone”, which was a website for individuals with an interest in bondage
and other such sexual acts. Where there was conflict, the evidence of the
undercover officers was preferred to that of the Appellant.

Summary of the Appellant’s Arguments

7 The Appellant took issue with his conviction below on various points.

8 In respect of the evidence led by the Prosecution, the Appellant alleged
that the investigations were based on false information. The undercover agents
involved were unreliable witnesses. No expert evidence was given as to what
was discussed, only the testimony from the undercover agents. No other media
was found, as might have been expected from the arrest of an actual
paedophile. It was also alleged that the Appellant did not bring up the topic
of sex with minors; he had in fact stopped the conversation and terminated
contact. Nothing was said about minors; any reference to minors came only from
the undercover officers. The officers were contradictory about what was said
at the meetings. A transcript was available only for the meeting covered by
the second charge. it was further asserted that the reference to “young blood”
was not about sex with minors, but about BDSM, i.e. bondage, discipline,
sadism and masochism.

9 The Appellant also argued that no independent offence is created by the mere
distribution of information. The crux of this contention is that the
distribution of information, without more, is not, and should not be, an
offence. In the present case, no victim was harmed, no follow-up action
occurred, no outcome arose from the discussions, and no danger was posed to
any parties. No information was conveyed to third-parties, and no charges of
child abuse or human trafficking were made out. In fact, the charges against
him were said to be only afterthoughts. It was further contended that if too
broad a reading was used, even the undercover agents and journalists covering
the topic would also be committing offences under s 376D of the Penal Code.
Fundamentally, the Appellant takes the position that something more than mere
speech should be required to make out an offence.

10 I note for completeness that the Appellant also argued that organising
tours involving sex was not an offence, and should not be treated as such.

11 As regards the sentences imposed, the Appellant argued that the sentences
should be concurrent. There was also reference made to the officers supposedly
obtaining bonuses for successfully making an arrest, though no evidence was
provided for this claim.

Summary of the Respondent’s Arguments

12 The Respondent defends the conviction and sentences imposed. It is
emphasised that the Appellant did not deny much of the communications and what
was said. The various explanations put forward below by the Appellant should
be rejected, namely (a) that he had a legitimate business interest leading up
to and during the meetings, (b) that he was not actually interested in
promoting the conduct of commercial sex tours involving minors, (c) that his
termination of the communications showed his lack of intention, (d) that he
had only played along by providing general information, and (e) that he had
been instigated and/or entrapped by the undercover officers to commit the
offences.

The Decision

13 I am satisfied, having considered the evidence, that the appeal should be
dismissed. I am also satisfied that the sentences imposed should be affirmed,
and that the running of the sentences ordered by the District Judge was
appropriate.

Analysis

14 This judgment addresses the issues raised in the following sequence:

(a) The appropriate interpretation of the statutory text;

(b) The evidence supporting and refuting each charge; and

(c) The sentences imposed.

The statutory provision

15 Section 376D(1)(c) of the Penal Code reads:

(1) Any person who –

[…]

(c) prints, publishes or distributes any information that is intended to
promote conduct that would constitute an offence under section 376C, or to
assist any other person to engage in such conduct,

shall be guilty of an offence.

16 The constituent elements of charges of the type against the Appellant are
thus, per Chan Chun Hong v Public Prosecutor [2016] 3 SLR 465 (“Chan Chun
Hong”) at [128]:

(a) To print, publish or distribute information; and

(b) that information is intended to promote conduct that would constitute an
offence under s 376C [of the Penal Code] or assist in the engagement of such
conduct.

17 As noted in Chan Chun Hong, a close foreign analogue to s 376D of the Penal
Code, and one which appears to s 376D appears to have been based on, is s
144C(1)(c) of the New Zealand Crimes Act 1961, which reads as follows:

144C Organising or promoting child sex tours

(1) Every one is liable to imprisonment for term not exceeding 7 years who–

[…]

(c) prints or publishes any information that is intended to promote conduct
that would constitute an offence against section 144A, or to assist any other
person to engage in such conduct.

(2) For the purpose of this section,–

[…]

(b) the publication of information means publication of information by any
means, whether by written, electronic, or other form of communication; and
includes the distribution of information.

While there is some difference in wording, I do not think any different result
would follow from different structure of the New Zealand section. I do note,
however, the observation at [98] of Chan Chung Hong that the offence under s
376D of the Penal Code prescribes a statutory maximum penalty of up to ten
years’ imprisonment, whereas the New Zealand statute prescribes a maximum of
only seven years’ imprisonment. This higher maximum sentence in Singapore
signals a distinct legislative intention that sentencing courts in Singapore
should be mindful of: Tay Kim Kuan v Public Prosecutor [2001] 2 SLR(R) 876 at
[10]. I add that I am not aware though of any New Zealand decision
interpreting s 144C(1)(c) of the Crimes Act 1961, nor was any such case drawn
to my attention.

18 The Ministerial speeches accompanying the passage of the amendments in the
Singapore Parliamentary Debates which introduced s 376D of the Penal Code do
not seem to have expressed anything that could assist in the interpretation of
the provisions. There also do not appear to be parliamentary debates in New
Zealand which shed light on the precise ambit s 144C of their Crimes Act 1961.
In any event, the Court must give the text of the statute its plain meaning,
consonant with the Court’s understanding of provision’s objectives.

Distribution of Information

19 Turning first to the phrase “distribution of information”, its plain
meaning is indeed wide. The Appellant argues that the distribution of
information alone cannot be an offence, while the Respondent argues that the
plain words should be given effect to.

20 On a plain reading, all that is required to make out an offence under s
376D(1)(c) of the Penal Code is indeed distribution, accompanied only by an
intention to promote conduct that would constitute an offence under s 376C of
the Penal Code, or an intention to assist any other person to engage in such
conduct.

21 The difficulty with the reading advocated by the Appellant, that the
distribution must be connected to the actual commission of some (physical)
harm to minors, or be practically effective in some way, is that it runs up
against the plain words of s 376D of the Penal Code, which does not refer to
any such requirements. The main argument in favour of the Appellant’s reading
appears to be founded upon the point that otherwise, s 376D would criminalise
too broad a range of acts: any dissemination or spreading of information could
run afoul of the law and render the person doing so liable to prosecution. As
argued by the Appellant, the undercover officers involved and any journalist
covering the topic could or would commit offences too. But the simple answer,
and the Respondent’s riposte, is that the appropriate limitation on the
breadth of the offence-creating provision comes from the mens rea requirement,
namely that there needs to be an accompanying intention to promote unlawful
conduct or to assist someone to do so.

22 While not raised by the parties, I also considered whether the maxim of
doubtful penalisation ought to apply in the Appellant’s favour. This maxim
applies a strict construction to penal provisions. However, the maxim’s
application has been modified by the principles of statutory interpretation in
cases such as Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 and Public
Prosecutor v Lam Leng Hung [2018[ 1 SLR 659 (“Lam Leng Hung”). In particular,
attention should be had to the doctrine of purposive interpretation as
encapsulated in those cases.

23 I understand the objective of the doctrine of purposive interpretation
adopted in those cases as focusing on discerning the applicable legislative
intent, and contouring the application of the legislative provisions
accordingly. As the focus is on ascertaining Parliament’s underlying purpose,
there is less room for the consideration of maxims of interpretation, such as
that of doubtful penalisation. Such maxims would have been based on some
conception of determining or deeming the drafting intent when ascribing
meaning and interpreting the statute, which unsurprisingly may not track the
precise Parliamentary intention as closely as a direct analysis of the
provision. The Court of Appeal made it clear in Lam Leng Hung that the maxim
of doubtful penalisation or strict construction in the context of criminal
provisions is thus only of “secondary importance”. In fact, the Court of
Appeal expressly observed at [235] that:

This is merely a consequence of the fact that the controlling principle to the
interpretation of statutes in Singapore is the need to promote the purpose or
object underlying the written law, as enshrined in s 9A(1) of the
[Interpretation Act]. The court’s first duty is to interpret the statutory
provision purposively as a means to give effect to Parliament’s intention. Any
other principle or canon of statutory interpretation in the common law, no
matter how well-established or how distinguished its pedigree, can only be of
secondary importance in comparison to this statutory duty.

24 In both Public Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 at [30] to
[38] and Nam Hong Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd v Kori Construction (S)
Pte Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 604 (“Nam Hong”) at [28], the Court of Appeal made clear
that the maxim of doubtful penalisation is of last resort, and that it is the
determination of the legislative purpose which is paramount. It is only if
there is ambiguous language that there is any scope for the maxim to apply. As
the Court in Lam Leng Hung emphasised at [234], citing Nam Hong at [28(b)]:

The strict construction rule is a ‘tool of last resort’ to which recourse may
be had only if there is genuine ambiguity in the meaning of the provision even
after the courts have attempted to interpret the statute purposively. If the
meaning of the provision is sufficiently clear after the ordinary rules of
construction have been applied, there is no room for the application of the
strict construction rule

[Emphasis as original in Lam Leng Hung.]

25 On the instant facts, however, there is no such ambiguity in the statutory
provision, and there is also no imperative to read into the section words
limiting the scope of the word ‘distribute’ as requiring that some actual
practical effect or action follows from the mere distribution. The doctrine of
doubtful penalisation simply does not apply here.

26 The Appellant, at various points, raised further issues with the legality
of the provision if the interpretation favoured by the Prosecution was
adopted, and in particular its impact on human rights. These were, I took it,
concerned with the constitutionality of s 376D of the Penal Code. The best
formulation, I think, of the Appellant’s criticism, is that the provisions are
overly vague. But, on a plain reading of the words of the statute, I could not
agree. I found the provision in question to be straightforward and
unambiguous. In any event, I do not find anything in the Prosecution’s
construction of s 376D of the Penal Code that would run afoul of any
constitutional doctrine or right.

27 In Singapore, therefore, an offence is made out once information is
distributed with the accompanying intention of promoting or assisting the
commission of offence(s) under s 376C of the Penal Code. The term
“information” in this context is not to be taken narrowly: it should be given
its plain meaning, which would encompass any information. Again, the control
or limitation would come in the second limb, i.e. whether the information
provided was intended to promote conduct that would constitute an offence
under section 376C, or to assist any other person to engage in such conduct.

28 As for ‘information’, the term is defined in the Shorter Oxford English
Dictionary (Oxford, 6th Ed) (“OED”) as follows:

Sense 3: Knowledge or facts communicated about a particular subject, event,
etc; intelligence, news.

29 What does limit the ambit of the term “information”, however, is that
because of the intention element, discussed separately below, it cannot be any
information at all, but must relate to the subject of sex tours with minors.
This accords with the legislative purpose which is clear from ss 376C and 376D
of the Penal Code. Thus, information about other subjects, or information
which can reasonably be interpreted in the context of its provision as
pertaining to other subjects, would not be caught by the provision.

Intended to promote unlawful conduct

30 Intention will rarely be evidenced directly and expressly. It will usually
have to be inferred from conduct. The chain of inference cannot, however, be
so tenuous that it fails the requirement that it be shown to exist beyond a
reasonable doubt.

31 As for promoting conduct that is an offence under s 376C of the Penal Code,
s 376C(1) specifies that an act done outside Singapore will be an offence if
it would be an offence under s 376B of the Penal Code had it been done in
Singapore. Section 376B of the Penal Code in turn reads:

Commercial sex with minor under 18

376B.–(1) Any person who obtains for consideration the sexual services of a
person, who is under 18 years of age, shall be punished with imprisonment for
a term which may extend to 7 years, or with fine, or with both.

(2) Any person who communicates with another person for the purpose of
obtaining for consideration, the sexual services of a person who is under 18
years of age, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend
to 2 years, or with fine, or with both.

[…]

32 Section 376B(2) of the Penal Code makes absolutely clear that merely
communicating with another person for the purpose of obtaining commercial
sexual services of a minor under 18 years of age will suffice to attract
liability under s 376B of the Penal Code. Further, s 376C of the Penal Code,
and in particular ss 376C(1) and 376C(1A), make clear that doing so even in
the context of a minor who is based outside Singapore is an offence. It is in
this context that s 376D of the Penal Code goes on to specify that it is an
offence to promote conduct that would constitute an offence under s 376C, or
to assist any other person to engage in such conduct.

33 The main question in the context of s 376D of the Penal Code is what
amounts to promotion of the said unlawful conduct. The dictionary definition
of “promotion”, as provided by the OED, is:

Sense 1: The action of promoting someone or something; the fact of being
promoted; an instance of this.

To “promote” is in turn defined as:

Sense 2: [To f]urther the development, progress, or establishment of (a
thing); encourage, help, forward or support actively ...

The other senses of these words do not appear to be relevant in the present
context.

34 The terms “promote”, and “promotion” do not appear to have been defined in
criminal cases thus far, and no definitions supported by authority were cited
to me.

35 Taking the various elements of the offence under s 376D of the Penal Code
holistically, the intention of the accused must be to do some act of
encouraging, helping, or actively supporting conduct that amounts to obtaining
or communicating to obtain the sexual services of a minor. Providing details
of possible arrangements, or information that would help in preparing for
and/or concretising a planned tour, will generally suffice. The efficacy and
usefulness of the information is not generally relevant, as the statute makes
no reference to the effectiveness and/or usefulness of the information
provided. Thus, the accuracy and/or usefulness of the information would not be
material to the liability of the offender unless it were so blatantly obvious
on the material’s face that it was not true that no one would ever rely on it.

Entrapment

36 One of the legal issues raised by the Appellant was that he was the subject
of entrapment. The law on entrapment was summarised by the Court of Appeal in
Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis [2008] 2 SLR(R) 239 at [150]
as follows:

In summary, therefore, our views on these issues are as follows:

(a) the court has no discretion to exclude illegally obtained evidence
(including entrapment evidence) by reason of the provisions of the [Evidence
Act];

(b) a prosecution founded upon entrapment evidence is not an abuse of process;

(c) the court may not stay a prosecution even if it is an abuse of the
prosecutorial discretion because of the separation of powers under the
Constitution; and

(d) the court has, in an appropriate case, the power within its own judicial
sphere to declare a prosecution unconstitutional for breach of constitutional
power (which, in the case of the prosecutorial power, would have to be a very
exceptional case given that it is a constitutional power) or for infringement
of constitutional rights and protections.

37 There is nothing in the present case that would raise any issue of
constitutionality in the conduct of the prosecution. This would have required
some attack by the Appellant on the exercise of the Public Prosecutor’s
prosecutorial powers, and despite the extensive submissions on appeal from the
Appellant, I saw nothing of that nature, much less substantiation for such an
attack.

Application to the specific charges

38 I am satisfied that the elements identified above have been made out on the
evidence, and that the appeal against conviction should accordingly be
dismissed. I am mindful in this case that fully reproducing the information
provided by the Appellant may have, as a regrettable and odious side-effect,
the effect of providing information to persons who may be seeking to undertake
similar tours. In the interest of denying access to unnecessarily specific or
lurid details, I have therefore elided certain more specific facts and
descriptors which the Appellant revealed.

The first charge

39 In respect of the first charge, the Appellant took issue with the evidence
of the undercover officers. However, I did not see anything to put that
evidence into doubt, and reject the Appellant’s arguments on this score. For
instance, the reference to minors did not, contrary to the Appellant’s
account, come only from the undercover agents. The record shows that the
Appellant did in fact make reference to minors, and that he had previously
also accepted as true the Prosecution’s account of the course of the
conversations at the two meetings, including the information that he was
alleged to have conveyed.

40 The Prosecution, on its part, pointed here and below to the following
evidence:

(a) There was communication by the Appellant with the undercover officer, PW8,
who had sought the Appellant’s help to organise a tour for men with virgin
minors; the Appellant had suggested in reply a 3-day tour for such purposes,
with a travel guide or “companion” who would cost 1,500 pesos.

(b) A meeting was held on 26 September 2015 in which the two undercover
officers, PW8 and PW6, indicated that they wanted to go on a commercial sex
tour with girls around 14 to 16 years old. The Appellant had informed them
that they would need someone with good connections, recommended staying in a
city hotel to avoid drawing suspicion, and discussed booking two rooms with
the girls recorded as staying in one of them to avoid drawing attention to
themselves. The Appellant further indicated that he would make the
arrangements for the procurement of minors for the commercial sex. The charges
and air tickets, along with other practical arrangements, were also discussed.

(c) Chat logs between the Appellant and the undercover officers showing that
arrangements were being discussed for such an overseas commercial sex tour;

(d) Chat logs between the Appellant and an unknown person/persons in the
Philippines to assist in procuring young girls for the purposes of the
commercial sex tour.

41 The primary point made by the Prosecution in this regard was that
inferences should be drawn from the fact that the personae assumed by the
undercover agents wanted a commercial sex tour with minors, and the Appellant
did in fact set up a meeting to discuss such a tour following the approach by
the undercover agents. The Prosecution then underscored how, at the meeting,
the Appellant provided intricate details as to avoiding suspicion and
procuring the minors for commercial sex. Issues of price, location, and even
transport were addressed.

42 The Appellant’s defence below, which he essentially continued to rely upon
on appeal, was that (a) he was pursuing an innocent business, (b) he was not
interested in providing the information on commercial sex with minors, and (c)
that he had ceased communicating with the undercover officers after the
meeting. On appeal, while the Appellant did not deny giving information about
various matters, he pointed to (i) the lack of expert evidence, (ii) the fact
that the statements from the police officers and other documents were
suspiciously aligned with the same wording, and (iii) his allegation that the
undercover officers could not adequately recollect the events which transpired
at the meeting. The Appellant also contended that the chats and records
reproduced only a small portion of the discussions, and were not fully
representative of his correspondence.

43 On reviewing the evidence, I accept and do not disturb the District Judge’s
findings that the Appellant had conveyed information to the undercover
officers that:

(a) Someone with local connections was needed to facilitate the commercial sex
tour;

(b) An arrangement would be made with a friend of the Appellant for the
undercover officers to travel to the Philippines for the purpose of having
commercial sex with minors;

(c) Arrangements would be made for virgin girls to be procured for the
undercover officers to have commercial sex with;

(d) The Appellant would fly in to ensure that everything was ready and the
relevant arrangements were made;

(e) The undercover officers would be picked up and transported from the
airport;

(f) A hotel in the city was to be preferred as opposed to one in the suburbs
or more rural areas where suspicion might be aroused;

(g) Two rooms would need to be booked to further avoid suspicion of having the
men and minors in the same room, and the Appellant could assist with such a
booking; and

(h) The air tickets should be purchased.

Thus, the elements of the charge are made out. There was information
pertaining to sex tours, particularly in relation to the arrangements being
made with a friend of the Appellant for the undercover officers to travel to
have commercial sex with minors. The undercover officers were also informed
about the arrangements that would be made for procuring six virgin girls aged
14 to 16 years old, and the need for the underaged girls to be housed in
separate rooms to avoid drawing suspicion. Such information would clearly
assist in the commission of unlawful acts, namely commercial sex with minors
abroad, which acts would be offences if committed in Singapore.

44 The evidence giving rise to these findings was testified to by both of the
undercover officers and, importantly, was also admitted by the Appellant in
his oral evidence. For example, the Appellant admitted to significant portions
of what the undercover officers had given evidence on, such as what
information he had provided in respect of how many girls were required:

Transcript of 21 January 2019, Pages 76 and 77

Examination-in-chief of Michael Frank Hartung

Q: Now, is that account of PW6 from line 19 to 29 correct?

A: Uh, yes, correct.

Q: Now, according to him you had asked, how many girls they want? Now, why
didn’t you ask that question?  
A: I think I asked the question in the thread five times before earlier, as I
said, I didn’t---I didn’t paid attention, I didn’t cared much [sic]. So,
therefore the just---just normal usual business transaction, uh, or discussion
for---for any business is to ask the question about the business …

[…]

Q: Yah, so now can you explain why you said that you will make an---make
arrangements for them to travel to Manila?  
A: They asked me for a tour and if I can arrange. And as I said before, based
on the chats itself, they are expecting me to arrange. So what should---what
else should I say in the meeting?  

A: No, as I remember it says they mentioned I---they mentioned about---I asked
about the number, they came up with the number, they put---they put somewhere
the age, um, my answer only would be, uh, somewhere like “okay” or something.
The---the same answers as what I gave in the chats before. So it is very---I’m
---I’m---it---it is not my style in the moment that suddenly while in the
chat, I’m very disinterested, that suddenly in the meeting I come up and, uh,
tell them, I---I give you, uh this number of girl and---and this kind of age.
They were driving the discussion and I just responded to that. It maybe that
PW6 gets, uh, understanding of---of this context itself, uh, based on---on---
on his thoughts, but they waited and I’m just responded itself. And I’m not
actively, uh, came and say I will do that for you.

45 I do not propose to extensively reproduce the record of proceedings, but it
is clear that the information conveyed by the Appellant related to the tour
and was, at least in large part, in response to questions posed by the
undercover officer about arrangements for a commercial sex trip to the
Philippines. While the Appellant tried to clothe some of the information
conveyed by him with innocence, it is clear that this was not so: for
instance, he talked about hotel arrangements, with the girls to be in separate
rooms, so as not to arouse suspicion. The Appellant went so far as to offer to
assist with the hotel booking. He told the undercover officers that on
confirmation of the booking, PW6 and PW8 could pay 20% of the hotel charges
first, with the remaining 80% to be paid when they met with the Appellant in
the Philippines.

46 The various arguments made by the Appellant did not raise any reasonable
doubt against this charge.

47 I am satisfied that the messages exchanged before the event showed clearly
the context against which the meeting took place, and this indicated that not
only did the Appellant know that he was being asked for information about sex
with minors abroad, but that the information was sought from him specifically
to help facilitate or organise a trip abroad for such purpose. This is seen in
the exchange of correspondence between himself and the undercover officers.
The only conclusion that could be drawn was knowledge on the Appellant’s part
of the commercial sex tour involving minors which was to be organised. Against
that backdrop, the imparting of further information for the tour by the
Appellant, and in particular his advice on avoiding detection and minimising
suspicion, could only be interpreted as assisting or facilitating the
organisation of the sex tour with minors.

48 None of the explanations or characterisations given by the Appellant had
any ring of truth or raised any reasonable doubt about the inference of his
intention to promote such acts.

49 The Appellant argued that there was no intention to promote acts which
would constitute offences under s 376C of the Penal Code. I was unable to
accept that argument, which flew in the face of what he had told the
undercover officers. The Appellant further contended that he had not indicated
anything specific in the way of details, that he did not take money for his
information, and that no itineraries or materials were given. However, to my
mind, these considerations were, for the reasons given above, immaterial to
the charge. It was not true that the Appellant had not provided specific
details. Moreover, the distribution of information only requires that it be
disseminated or spread, and there is no requirement for any practical
consequences to eventuate or manifest before the information can be said to
have been distributed. In any event, the absence of monetary payment in this
context does not detract from the fact that the Appellant had provided the
above-described information.

The second charge

50 In relation to a separate meeting, which took place on 15 April 2016 at a
pub, the charge was that the Appellant had met two undercover officers, PW9
and PW10, and distributed information concerning the procurement of commercial
sex with and torture of girls under the age of 18 in the Philippines.

51 I accept in relation to this charge that there had been distribution of
information. In particular, the Appellant indicated possible destinations for
a commercial sex tour involving minors, notably the Philippines, which he
described as a safer destination, with commercial sex being just about money.
The recommended type of hotel, the need for multiple rooms to avert suspicion,
difficulties that might arise in procuring especially young girls because they
might still be in school, the availability of various ages of minors, the time
that might be taken, the price of sex with minors, and the practicalities
underpinning the entire tour were all conveyed by the Appellant. I do not
propose to reproduce at length the somewhat graphic descriptors the Appellant
used, but merely note that the evidence showed that Appellant provided, inter
alia, the following information:

(a) There were two possible destination to engage in commercial sex with
minors – the Philippines and Cambodia. Of the two, the former was a safer
option and the latter was more dangerous.

(b) People in the Philippines were poor, and accordingly, that sex with minors
was more commercial and “just about money”.

(c) Staying in certain named locations was safer than staying in other places
which were “dangerous” and in which the undercover officers might attract
unnecessary attention

(d) The precise prices, estimated fees, and moneys payable in the entire
transaction.

52 The information again clearly related to commercial sex with minors,
particularly the availability of ages, the practical steps to take, and
difficulties of procuring certain categories of minors for commercial sex. The
fact that the Appellant had provided this information was not seriously
contested, both below and on appeal.

53 There was an issue taken up by the Appellant about what the term “young
blood” meant, but this was in the end not of significance as the other
information discussed, in particular the ages of the minors referred to, amply
illustrated that the term referred to minors who were to be procured for
commercial sex. The Appellant’s attempt to suggest otherwise here was simply
an instance of grasping at straws.

54 The Appellant also raised an issue about the transcript which was prepared,
but this contention appeared to centre on the absence of any record of body
language in the transcript. While I do accept that the body language and tone
of a speaker may convey a somewhat different message from the spoken words
alone, the Appellant was unable to point to any concrete instances where a
different meaning was allegedly conveyed. Taking the evidence as a whole, the
District Judge was entitled to accept the transcript and the accounts of the
undercover officers.

55 Ultimately, there was sufficient evidence against the Appellant in the form
of the prior communications, the evidence of the undercover officers, and the
transcript of the discussions. As was the case with the first charge, the
evidence showed that there was a clear intention on the part of the Appellant
to promote unlawful conduct.

The Appellant’s arguments

56 The Appellant made a number of general arguments in seeking to impugn the
findings of the District Judge across both charges. I address these arguments
at this point.

57 First, the Appellant submits that he was the party who terminated
discussions with the undercover agents, and that this illustrates that he was
not serious in carrying through with the sex tours with minors. However, this
does not assist the Appellant at all: the offence was, as submitted by the
Prosecution, completed once the Appellant had conveyed the relevant
information at the meetings.

58 Second, the Appellant argues that he (a) was merely conducting a legitimate
business organising tours under the aegis of Erasig, (b) had shown disinterest
in what was being proposed, and (c) was merely playing along. None of these
arguments raise any reasonable doubt. Again, an examination of the record of
proceedings, and in particular what transpired at the meetings, shows that the
discussions between the Appellant and the undercover officers were not
innocent by any means. There was no innocent reason for the Appellate to have
played along and gone down to the meetings if he was in fact not interested in
providing the services requested, and there was nothing beyond his bare
assertions to support his case. In light of the other evidence, notably the
earlier communications between the Appellant and the undercover officers, the
Appellant’s characterisation of his acts must be rejected.

59 Third, the fact that a transcript was available only for the meeting
covered by the second charge (and not that relating to the first charge) did
not raise any reasonable doubt about what was conveyed at the meeting leading
to the first charge. The District Judge was entitled to accept and prefer the
evidence of the prosecution witnesses involved in the first charge,
particularly when seen in light of the prior correspondence between them and
the Appellant.

60 Fundamentally, in the absence of any plausible explanation of innocent
activity, the District Judge was entitled, upon a holistic assessment of the
facts, to come to the conclusion that there is no reasonable doubt that the
Appellant’s intention was to promote unlawful conduct within the meaning of s
376C of the Penal Code.

Sentence

61 The Appellant also appealed against the sentence imposed, arguing that
there was no actual seriousness in his intentions, nor was there any serious
harm caused. It was asserted that the details shared were not harmful, the
information provided was general, and that the offence thus was one of the
lowest severity. In fact, according to the Appellant, a combined charge should
have been preferred. The Appellant also pointed to his having terminated
contact, as well as the absence of secrecy about the conversations. Further,
no preparation was actually undertaken, the meetings were not of a long
duration, and the information was provoked and elicited only because of the
undercover agents’ questions. Accordingly, the Appellant argues that the
sentences imposed were manifestly excessive, and should not be run
consecutively.

62 By contrast, the Respondent argues that the sentences imposed were not
manifestly excessive.

63 I am satisfied that the appeal against sentence should be dismissed in its
entirety. The District Judge was also wholly correct to run both sentences
consecutively.

64 The sentencing framework for offences under s 376D(1)(c) of the Penal Code
was promulgated at [132] of Chan Chun Hong, with deterrence being given, at
[51(a)] of the judgment, prominence as the primary sentencing consideration.
The relevant framework provides for the classification of the spectrum of
offending behaviour into three broad categories, in ascending levels of
seriousness and, correspondingly, ascending levels of punishment, as follows:

To provide some context, I consider it useful at the first stage of the
inquiry in respect of this offence to classify the spectrum of offending
conduct into three broad categories in ascending levels of seriousness, which
will correspondingly attract ascending levels of punishment. These categories
are neither comprehensive nor exhaustive. In some instances, they shade into
one another. Nonetheless, as an analytical tool, it is useful to see it in
this way:

(a) At the lowest end of the spectrum, there is general information in the
form of reportage provided to like-minded individuals. Such information may
not actively further the mischief of enhancing demand for child sex tourism
having regard to both the quality of the information and the inclinations of
the recipient. Hence, in such cases, the offence may not have placed any group
of potential victims at greater risk than they would otherwise have been. In
offences falling within this category, a sentence in excess of a term of
imprisonment of nine months would not as a general rule be called for.

(b) Moving up the sentencing spectrum, more serious offending conduct would
involve the transmission of detailed knowledge, in particular, information
about the availability of the trade in specific locations or information as to
particular contacts, but conveyed to like-minded individuals. This may be
aggravated where it is done for an ulterior and objectionable motive such as
to exchange corresponding information with others of a similar bent. What
primarily aggravates the offence here is the nature of the information. For
offences falling within this category, a term of imprisonment ranging between
12 and 30 months’ imprisonment may be appropriate as a starting point.

(c) The offender’s culpability increases sharply when he is found to have
encouraged the recipient to embark on a venture that the recipient was not
already intending to embark on. This potentially enlarges the pool of
paedophilic travellers, which would in turn drive up demand for the child sex
trade. Here, both the nature of the information and the effect on the initial
inclinations of the recipients can aggravate the offence and where this is the
case, sentences in excess of 36 months’ imprisonment may be considered as a
starting point.

65 The sentencing framework then goes on to consider two further
considerations, as outlined at [133] of Chan Chun Hong:

In my judgment, these thresholds [as reflected above] would apply to the ad
hoc facilitator as opposed to the commercialised sex tour operator. But I
consider that at the next stage of the inquiry, the court should consider
where in the spectrum between the ad hoc facilitator and the commercial sex
tour operator the offender falls. This would be a further yardstick to assess
the seriousness of the particular s 376D(1)(c) offence that is before it. The
further the offender is from the ad hoc facilitator, the greater the case for
imposing a yet more serious sentence falling outside the ranges I have
suggested. Finally, the court should then bear in mind all other relevant
factors including those that I have previously noted to consider whether there
are further factors aggravating or mitigating the offender’s culpability and
calling for a further adjustment to the sentence that ought to be imposed.

66 Applying this framework, the District Judge concluded that the Appellant
was in the second category of offending conduct as the offences involved more
serious offending conduct, with the transmission of detailed knowledge and
information specific to the child sex trade in the Philippines. The District
Judge determined that the indicative sentence for the first charge should
start at 30 months’ imprisonment, and the second charge at 26 months’
imprisonment. This was in line with the guidance given in Chan Chun Hong.

67 As for the second stage of the inquiry, the District Judge concluded that
the Appellant was in between an ad hoc facilitator and a commercial sex
operator because he served, in effect, as a “middleman” for the two proposed
tours. The relevant aggravating factors were identified as (a) the nature of
the information provided, (b) the actual attempts to procure girls through
contacting a person/persons going by the moniker “imelda.parado” in respect of
the first charge, and (c) providing assistance to the undercover officers to
avoid suspicion and detection. As for mitigating factors, the District Judge
bore in mind that the Appellant had no antecedents, and that this behaviour
appeared to be out of character. The District Judge thus concluded that the
circumstances required an uplift from the starting points in the second
category of offending conduct, imposing 36 months’ imprisonment for the first
charge, and 30 months’ imprisonment for the second charge.

68 Bearing in mind the one-transaction rule and totality principle outlined in
cases such as Public Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799, the
District Judge ordered that the two sentences run consecutively, for a total
of 66 months’ imprisonment in all.

69 I agree with the conclusions reached by the District Judge. The quality and
amount of information given was not just at the broadest, most minimal level.
The information was specific about actions, the availability of the possible
victims, and what arrangements needed to be made. Specific insights into the
commercial sex trade in the Philippines were provided, and these were highly-
particularised and granular in nature. While the Appellant was not a full-on
commercial operator, he did fall into the middle ground between an ad hoc
facilitator and a commercial sex operator because of the role he played in
seeking to connect the undercover officers with persons who could directly
provide the commercial sex. The centrality of the Appellant’s role may be seen
by how he even indicated that he would travel to the Philippines shortly
before the undercover officers did, and would make necessary arrangements
before meeting them there. These factors clearly showed that the Appellant’s
situation in relation to both charges fell within the second subcategory, with
an indicative sentence of between 12 to 30 months’ imprisonment, and that an
uplift ought to be applied given that the Appellant was not merely an ad hoc
facilitator.

70 I also agreed with the aggravating factors identified by the District
Judge. The fact that the Appellant appears to have taken steps to procure the
minors for commercial sex is particularly reprehensible, and should
accordingly attract a significant uplift. As for the mitigating factors
identified, my view is that there were no real mitigating factors in this
case. The Appellant’s absence of antecedents can scarcely be considered a
mitigating factor. If he did have previous involvement in such offences, that
would instead be a significant aggravating factor. Further, whether or not the
offences were out of character for the Appellant had little mitigating weight
given the nature of the offence under s 376D(1)(c) of the Penal Code. It was
not an offence that could be committed impulsively or driven by the
circumstances.

71 The Appellant also sought to rely on the “entrapment” by the police
officers, arguing that the fact that he had been “entrapped” into offending
ought to be a mitigating factor. As was noted by the District Judge, even if
there was any entrapment, it would only be mitigating if the officers had
actively encouraged the offence. This was simply not the case here.

72 All in all, then, I was of the view that the length of the sentences was
not manifestly excessive. If anything, I was of the view that the sentences
imposed were clearly on the lighter side.

73 The running of the sentences was also correct. The two charges concerned
separate offences occurring at different times, and the offending behaviour
which formed the basis of both charges was not part of a single transaction. I
note that PW8 was initially involved in the events underpinning the second
charge, but he had assumed a different persona, and was, for all intents and
purposes, a different person in relation to the charge. These were properly
distinct offences and there was no reason to run the sentences for them
concurrently. The totality principle is also respected in this context as the
aggregate sentences cannot be said to be crushing on the Appellant, nor can
they be said to be out of proportion to the criminal nature of his actions.

Miscellaneous Matters

74 The Appellant took issue with a number of other matters which did not
actually go towards assisting him in establishing his case on appeal. One of
these concerned the Grounds of Decision issued by the District Judge. The
Appellant asserted in that regard that matters which had been raised were left
out and not addressed. However, I emphasise that Grounds of Decision do not
have to be exhaustive. It is sufficient that they indicate the lines of
analysis the Judge relied on in reaching his or her conclusion. Ultimately,
the question is whether the District Judge has properly examined the evidence
and applied his mind to the questions of whether the charges were made out,
and what the appropriate sentence was. I am satisfied that the District
Judge’s Grounds of Decision on the instant facts has done so.

75 The Appellant also complained that there was no proper investigation or
check into his background and the like. This was, at the end of the day,
immaterial to the decision on his liability. What mattered was whether the
charges were made out. If he wished to rely on certain facts and personal
circumstances as mitigating factors, those should have been expressly raised.
That said, the weight to be placed on such circumstances will need to be
calibrated by reference to whether the personal circumstances relied upon are
genuinely “exceptional or extreme”. If they are not, it is trite and well-
established law that limited, if any, weight will be placed upon them: Lai Oei
Mui Jenny v Public Prosecutor [1993] 2 SLR(R) 406 at [10] and [12].

76 In addition, the Appellant’s complaints about the completeness of the
evidence were immaterial and did not assist the Court in narrowing down the
material which needed to be considered in determining his liability and/or
sentence. What is key is that all relevant evidence is placed before the
Court, and I am satisfied that this has been done.

Conclusion

77 For the reasons above, the appeals are dismissed. I pause at this point to
underscore the heinous and egregious nature of acts involving the abuse and
sexual exploitation of minors. Promoting and facilitating such acts
contributes to a deplorable array of evils, and the victims, who are
oftentimes coerced into the industry, suffer traumatic and unspeakable harm.
The seriousness of the offence under s 376D of the Penal Code is reflected in
its weighty maximum sentence, and Courts should not hesitate to apply the full
force of the law where the facts and circumstances call for it. Miscreants who
seek to foist their own deviant sexual tendencies on mere children and abuse
them for carnal purposes should be made fully aware that their despicable acts
are viewed with the strongest opprobrium.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

The appellant unrepresented;

Krystle Chiang and Ong Yao-Min Andre (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Nov 2020 (11:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

