Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 18

Suit No 200 of 2016 (Summons Nos 4280 of 2019 and 5557 of 2019)

Between

(1)(2) | Sun Electric Pte Ltd Sun Electric Power Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Menrva Solutions Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Chan Lap Fung Bernard  
  
… Defendants

And Between

| Menrva Solutions Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

(1)| Sun Electric Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)(3)(4)(5) | Sun Electric (Singapore) Pte LtdSun Electric Energy Assets Pte LtdSun Electric Digital Stream Ltd Matthew Peloso   
|  
  
… Defendants in Counterclaim

Grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Mareva injunctions] — [Disclosure orders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sun Electric Pte Ltd and another

  

v

  

Menrva Solutions Pte Ltd and another

[2020] SGHC 18

High Court — Suit No 200 of 2016 (Summons Nos 4280 of 2019 and 5557 of 2019)  
Dedar Singh Gill JC  
12, 16, 24 September, 22 October, 5, 17 December 2019

22 January 2020

Dedar Singh Gill JC:

1 This was an application by Menrva Solutions Pte Ltd (“Menrva”) and Mr Chan
Lap Fung Bernard (“Mr Chan”) (collectively, “the applicants”) who sought,
among other things, a Mareva injunction against Sun Electric Power Pte Ltd
(“SEPPL”), Sun Electric Pte Ltd (“SEPL”), Sun Electric (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(“SESPL”), Sun Electric Energy Assets Pte Ltd (“SEEAPL”), Sun Electric Digital
Stream Ltd (“SEDSL”) and Mr Matthew Peloso (“Mr Peloso”) (collectively, “the
respondents”), as well as various ancillary disclosure orders against the same
parties. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Order of Court dated 22 September 2019.

The applicants had found out about the impending sale of a majority stake in
SEEAPL to an as-yet unidentified foreign investor and believed this to be a
potential act of dissipation.

2 This matter was heard over four separate hearings. At the final hearing on
22 October 2019, I granted the applicants the disclosure orders (“the
Disclosure Orders”). I now give my grounds of decision. The grounds primarily
concern disclosure orders that are granted ancillary to a Mareva injunction. I
also set out my reasons for dismissing the respondents’ application for leave
to appeal and a stay of execution of the Disclosure Orders.

Facts

The parties

3 SEPL, SEPPL, SEEAPL, SEDSL and SESPL are part of the Sun Electric Group
(“the SE Group”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, paras 17 to 31.

These companies engage in, inter alia, business development, marketing for
rooftop solar systems and supplies of clean electrical power. SEPPL was
incorporated on 17 September 2013. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 22.

Both SEPL and SEEAPL were incorporated in 2014. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, paras 25 and 30.

In 2015, SESPL was founded as SEPL’s subsidiary. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 31.

The last corporate entity, SEDSL, is a company incorporated in the British
Virgin Islands (“BVI”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 10.

SEDSL was the only entity unrepresented in the present proceedings.

4 Mr Peloso is the founder of the SE Group. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 22.

At the time of the dispute, he was the sole director of SEPL, SESPL, SEPPL,
and SEEAPL. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 11.

The underlying claim

5 Both SEPL and SEPPL were the plaintiffs in Suit No 200 of 2016. This suit
involved a claim against the applicants for breach of a consultancy agreement
(“the consultancy agreement”) and breach of various duties of care. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 19.

Menrva, one of the two defendants in Suit 200 of 2016, counterclaimed against
SEPL for fees owed under the consultancy agreement. Vinodh Coomaraswamy J’s
decision is reported in Sun Electric Pte Ltd and another v Menrva Solutions
Pte Ltd and another [2018] SGHC 264 (“the liability judgment”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit; CLFB-12 Annex C.

6 The facts giving rise to the underlying claims and counterclaim in Suit 200
of 2016 have been set out extensively at [1]–[26] of the liability judgment. I
will not repeat them here. It suffices to note that the Energy Market
Authority of Singapore (“EMA”) had established the Enhanced Forward Sales
Contract Scheme (“the Scheme”) to facilitate participation in Singapore’s
electric futures market. SEPL was accepted as a participant in the Scheme. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 15.

SEPL later engaged Menrva as a consultant pursuant to the consultancy
agreement.

7 Under the consultancy agreement, Menrva was obliged to provide Mr Chan’s
services to SEPL (liability judgment at [1]). Two of the legal issues were (a)
whether Menrva had breached the consultancy agreement and (b) whether SEPL was
contractually liable to pay Menrva certain fees under the same agreement
(liability judgment at [27]). Coomaraswamy J held largely in favour of the
defendants to the claim, who are also the applicants in the present case. He
held for Menrva in the counterclaim, leaving damages to be assessed (at [153]
and [154]).

8 SEPL and SEPPL appealed against the liability judgment. This is reported in
Sun Electric Pte Ltd and another v Menrva Solutions Pte Ltd and another [2019]
SGCA 51. The appeal was dismissed with SEPL and SEPPL ordered to pay costs in
the sum of S$45,000. Meanwhile, the parties proceeded with the assessment of
damages for Menrva’s counterclaim. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 23; CLFB-12 Annex D.

The hearing of oral closing submissions was fixed on 30 September 2019. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 23.

Menrva had quantified its counterclaim at S$1,495,452.53 and interest at
S$262,489.20. Both applicants also filed a Bill of Costs against SEPL and
demanded costs amounting to S$622,771.81. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 25.

However, these sums were disputed by SEPL and SEPPL.

9 Although the respondents have not sought leave to appeal against my decision
to grant the applicants the Mareva injunction on 24 September 2019, I set out
the matters that transpired during all four hearings. These also encompass my
reasons for granting the Mareva injunction.

Judicial Management proceedings

10 It must be highlighted that one of the respondents, SEPPL, the second
plaintiff in the suit, had become the subject of judicial management
proceedings (“JM proceedings”) (see Originating Summon 1060 of 2019). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 11(d).

This was made known to the applicants on 21 August 2019 through the disclosure
of Mr Peloso’s affidavit in support of the JM proceedings. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Aide Memoire for the Plaintiffs and the 2nd, 3rd and 5th Defendants in the
Counterclaim, para 5.

Mr Peloso applied for SEPPL to be placed under judicial management on two
grounds. First, that SEPPL was unable to pay its debts. Second, that the
interests of SEPPL’s shareholders would be better served through the winding
down of its operations.

11 Based on Mr Peloso’s affidavit, SEPPL’s issued share capital was
S$45,605,994. As of the date of Mr Peloso’s affidavit, SEPPL’s cash on hand
amounted to a meagre $93,599.64. In his affidavit, Mr Peloso claimed that
SEPPL’s major creditors were SESPL and SEPL, various customers of SEPPL, Wong
Partnership LLP, and an entity known as Kashish. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mr Peloso’s 1st Affidavit, para 25.

Kashish was listed as SEPPL’s largest creditor with an outstanding debt of
S$927,594.61. The role of Kashish in the present proceedings was significant
and I will explain the relevance of this in greater detail below. As of the
date of the final hearing on 22 October 2019, judicial managers had not yet
been appointed. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Minute Sheet dated 12 September 2019.

The applicants had stressed that judicial management applications (“JM
applications”) were not always successful and that in the meantime, SEPPL
should be restrained from dissipating its assets. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Submissions, p 56.

The 12 September hearing

12 Before the 12 September 2019 hearing, Andrew Ang SJ had granted a Mareva
injunction and various disclosure orders on 30 August 2019 on an ex parte
basis. On 4 September 2019, Tan Lee Meng SJ ordered that compliance with the
disclosure orders be put on hold until the disposal of the inter partes
hearing.

13 At the inter partes hearing on 12 September 2019, the applicants sought,
inter alia, the following orders: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Summons for Injunction (Amendment No.1) dated 30 August 2019.

(a) an order restraining the respondents from disposing of their assets in
Singapore and any jurisdiction outside Singapore up to the value of
S$2,512,817.80;

(b) further and in the alternative, an order restraining SEPPL from disposing
of its assets in Singapore and any jurisdiction outside Singapore up to the
value of S$709,263.81; and

(c) various ancillary disclosure orders.

14 On the basis of the evidence before me, I was inclined to grant both the
Mareva injunction and Disclosure Orders at the first hearing on 12 September
2019. However, for reasons which will be made clear, both the Mareva
injunction and the Disclosure Orders were not granted that day but only at the
subsequent hearings held on 24 September 2019 and 22 October 2019.

15 To obtain Mareva relief against a party to the suit, a plaintiff must
establish a good arguable case on the merits and a real risk that the
defendant will dissipate its assets to frustrate the enforcement of an
anticipated judgment of the court (Bouvier, Yves Charles Edgar and another v
Accent Delight International Ltd and another and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR
558 (“Bouvier”) at [36]). The issue of there being a “good arguable case” did
not arise because the plaintiff in the counterclaim, Menrva, had successfully
established its counterclaim against SEPL, with judgment having been entered.

16 In an application for a Mareva injunction against a third party to the
suit, the applicant must show a “good arguable” case that a third party is
holding assets that belong to the defendant (Teo Siew Har v Lee Kuan Yew
[1999] 3 SLR(R) 410 (“Teo Siew Har”) at [19]). The Court of Appeal (“CA”) in
Bouvier affirmed the court’s jurisdiction to include in a Mareva court order
assets belonging to a third party on the basis that the assets are “in truth
the assets of the defendant” (at [124]). I was mindful that the respondents,
save for SEPL and SEPPL, were third parties in Suit No 200 of 2016. I was
equally cognisant that each respondent was a separate legal personality. In
arriving at my decision to grant Mareva relief against the respondents, I did
not rely on the single economic entity doctrine, which has been rejected by
the CA in Goh Chan Peng and others v Beyonics Technology Ltd and another and
another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 592 at [70]–[75].

17 Applying the test in Teo Siew Har, I was of the view that the assets of the
third parties were, on a good arguable standard, the assets of the defendant
in the counterclaim, SEPL. It is not necessary for me to elaborate further as
the respondents did not seek leave to appeal against this point (see [9]
above).

18 The parties’ main point of contention at the four hearings was the
existence of a “real risk” of asset dissipation.

19 The evidence cited by the applicants included the following matters, which
I accepted as showing a “real risk” of dissipation. First, there appeared to
have been a breach of an existing Order of Court, ie, an interim injunction
obtained by RCMA Asia Pte Ltd (“RCMA”) against SEPPL (“the RCMA Injunction”,
explained further at [21] below), through SEPPL’s withdrawal or transfer of
large sums of money out of a bank account it held. Second, SEPL had sold
several of its patents for a sum of S$80,000. SEPL was then made the exclusive
licensee of those patents. The terms of the licenses were not shown to court.
Third, there was a large depletion of assets from SEPPL, the company that is
now the subject of JM proceedings, to the tune of $16.8 million.

The RCMA Injunction

20 As part of the same Scheme established by the EMA, SEPPL had entered into
an agreement with RCMA. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 35.

Pursuant to this, RCMA agreed to perform certain obligations undertaken by
SEPPL. SEPPL was to receive 70% of the payouts made by the EMA and RCMA the
remaining 30%. Collectively, these were known as the “FSC Payments”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 38.

21 A dispute arose between RCMA and SEPPL. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 33.

RCMA commenced Suit 191 of 2018 to recover its share of the FSC Payments under
the agreement. Subsequently, on 26 February 2018, RCMA obtained the RCMA
injunction on the following terms: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 34; Mr Peloso’s 2nd JM Affidavit, pp 17–18.

… an interim prohibitory injunction be granted, pending disposal of the inter
partes hearing, to restrain the Defendant, its directors, officers, employees
and/or agents in any way disposing, dealing with or diminishing the
Plaintiff’s 70% share of FSC Payments received by Defendant in respect of
market making trades taken on by Plaintiff to 26 February 2018.

22 The applicants contended that there had been a blatant disregard of the
RCMA injunction. This was evident from various transfers out of SEPPL’s OCBC
Account (“the OCBC Account”) made in direct contravention of the terms of the
RCMA Injunction. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 35.

This in turn evidenced a “real risk” of dissipation of assets.

23 It is undisputed that there was initially a certain sum of money in the
OCBC Account. The OCBC Account was a joint account specifically opened to
receive money under the FSC Scheme. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, paras 77 and 78.

Pursuant to the terms of the agreement between RCMA and SEPPL, both parties
were joint signatories to the OCBC Account. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 78.

24 After the RCMA Injunction was imposed by the court, there were at least
three transfers or withdrawals from the OCBC Account for various purposes. I
highlight two of the more significant ones, which demonstrated a “real risk”
of dissipation. The first was made on 24 September 2018, where a sum of
S$1,500,000 was withdrawn from the OCBC Account. Mr Peloso attempted to
explain this withdrawal in the following manner: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 87.

It is also incorrect to characterise the withdrawal on 24 September 2018 as
having been done “in blatant disregard” of the [RCMA Injunction]. I fully
understand the significance of an order of court, and as SEPPL’s director, I
had always intended to procure SEPPL to comply with the injunction ordered by
the Court. However, as explained in MP’s JM Affidavit at [48(k)], SEEAPL
urgently required monies to pay a contractor, Sunpower Systems Sarl for solar
modules to be installed on its rooftop projects (a copy of Sunpower System
Sarl’s invoice dated 25 September 2018 for the sum of US$1,253,184.90 (ie,
approximately S$1.5m) is exhibited hereto as Tab 103 of Exhibit MP-4).
Although SEEAPL had managed to secure the agreement of a third party funder to
fund part of the costs in September 2018, it so happened that there was a
delay in the remission of funds. In the event, the funds in SEPPL’s OCBC
Account were the only option available at the time and were used to pay for
the solar modules in September 2018. While I understand now after having
sought advice from my solicitors that I should have applied to court to seek a
partial variation of the injunction, the withdrawal on 24 September 2018 was
done purely out of desperation and immediately made up for once funds from the
third party funder came through.

[original emphasis in italics and bold; emphasis added in bold italics]

25 In other words, Mr Peloso was aware that the money should not have been
withdrawn from the OCBC Account. He was conscious that removing the sum
constituted a breach of the terms of the RCMA injunction. Still, he proceeded
to withdraw the sum of money from the OCBC Account. Mr Peloso’s justification
for defying a clear court order (ie, the RCMA Injunction) was that SEEAPL
“urgently required monies to pay a contractor” and that “the funds in SEPPL’s
OCBC Account were the only option available at the time”.

26 Thereafter, sometime between 27 November 2018 to 17 December 2018, money
was again taken out of the OCBC Account, in apparent contravention of the RCMA
Injunction. This time, the entire sum of money in the OCBC Account was
transferred to a DBS Account held by SEPPL (“the DBS account”). The sum
amounted to approximately S$6 million. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 107.

This sum of money was subsequently garnished by an UAE entity, known as
“Kashish”, in highly suspicious circumstances.

27 In January 2019, a mere one month after the sum was transferred from the
OCBC Account to the DBS Account, Kashish commenced proceedings in Singapore
against SEPPL for the sum of $6,995,755.78 in Suit 74 of 2019. The losses were
allegedly incurred by SEPPL through trading under various contracts for
differences (“CFDs”) that SEPPL had entered into with Kashish from 2016 to
2018. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Mr Peloso’s 1st Affidavit, para 51.

28 As it turned out, after the commencement of the proceedings, SEPPL decided
not to enter an appearance in Suit 74 of 2019. This was apparently done on the
advice of its solicitors. Consequently, Kashish obtained default judgment for
the sum of S$6,995,755.78. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Mr Peloso’s 1st Affidavit, para 53.

29 The evidence showed that Kashish had found out about this sum of money
through Mr Peloso himself. This was by way of a letter sent by SEPPL through
Mr Peloso on 3 December 2018. This letter was sent about one month before
Kashish commenced proceedings against SEPPL.

30 The letter reads as follows:

Please see attached the order of court. Please notice the injunction of moneys
from our account. The money in the account cannot be moved due to the
injunction order.

[emphasis added]

31 This letter was signed by Mr Peloso on behalf of SEPPL. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Mr Peloso’s 1st Affidavit, p 91.

Just as with the earlier withdrawal on 24 September 2018, it was evident that
Mr Peloso knew that “the money in the account [could not] be moved due to the
injunction order”.

32 Yet, as it later emerged, all of the money in the OCBC Account found its
way into the hands of Kashish.

33 On 14 February 2019, about a month or so after the S$6 million was moved
from the OCBC Account to the DBS Account, Kashish applied to garnish the DBS
Account in HC/SUM 767/2019. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Mr Peloso’s 1st Affidavit, para 55.

Kashish successfully obtained the garnishee order. A copy of the order was
served on SEPPL on 21 February 2019. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Mr Peloso’s 1st Affidavit; Tab 9, Exhibit MP-1.

34 I found the manner in which Kashish obtained SEPPL’s DBS Account details
highly troubling. According to Mr Peloso, he himself had informed Kashish of
the DBS Bank Account number. On 9 January 2019, Mr Peloso met with Mr Arpan
Saha (“Mr Saha”), Kashish’s Account Manager. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 107.

During this meeting, Mr Peloso claimed that Mr Saha had asked him for “proof
of funds” that SEPPL could satisfy the default judgment. In response, Mr
Peloso disclosed the DBS Account number and the fact that the account held
approximately $6 million in funds. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 107.

It was not made clear to me why it was necessary for Mr Peloso to inform Mr
Saha of the DBS Account number.

35 It was undisputed that the money that was removed from the OCBC Account to
the DBS Account was not ultimately replaced by SEPPL. In other words, there
was a net depletion of approximately S$6 million from the OCBC Account. This
had been done despite Mr Peloso having stated in his letter to Kashish that
“the money in the account cannot be moved due to the [RCMA Injunction]”.

36 Mr Peloso’s explanation for the above events did not withstand scrutiny. He
claimed that Kashish was a legitimate commercial entity. He cited the fact
that Kashish’s website listed it as a “wholly-owned subsidiary of a publicly
listed company on the Bombay Stock Exchange” (a company known as “Kushal
Ltd”). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 10(b).

The relatively large losses suffered, totalling approximately S$6.9 million,
was explained as having been incurred under several separate CFDs. The losses
were also said to have been sustained over a period of 11 separate quarters.
38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 102.

37 Despite Mr Peloso’s explanation, there was no evidence on how or why SEPPL
entered into a commercial relationship with Kashish, an UAE entity. Details of
the CFDs were not provided. I was not given an explanation as to why SEPPL
continued entering into new CFDs with Kashish despite continuously suffering
from such large losses over several quarters. In my judgment, the lack of
evidence was wholly unsatisfactory. Given the above circumstances, I was
satisfied that there was a real risk of dissipation of assets.

Transfer of patents

38 About six months after the liability judgment was released, SEPL
transferred eight of its 11 patents (or pending patent applications) to SEDSL,
a BVI entity. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 39.

These patents were collectively sold by SEPL for S$80,000 and exclusively
licensed back to entities in the SE Group. The respondents failed to produce
the terms of these licenses. No explanation was furnished regarding why the
patents were sold at this price. In this connection, it is worth noting that a
much larger sum of $1.2m had been spent registering the patents (see below at
[43]). I thus inferred that there was a real risk of dissipation.

S$16.8 million loss

39 The final point concerned the SE Group’s losses of about S$16.8 million.

40 Mr Peloso claimed that SE Group entities earned approximately S$16.8
million in revenue from their share of FSC Payments under the Scheme. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 76; Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 30; CLFB-12
Annex E.

It was unchallenged that the payments were received in SEPPL’s OCBC Account.
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 76.

The applicants submitted that there was no explanation as to how this large
sum of money was used. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 31.

41 Based on SEPPL’s unaudited management accounts, its total cash and current
assets, as at 31 July 2019, amounted to S$287,295.29, of which only
S$93,599.64 was in the form of cash in bank accounts. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Mr Peloso’s 1st Affidavit, para 23; Mr Chan’s 15th Affidavit, para 31.

According to Mr Peloso, SEPPL’s creditors included the following entities: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Mr Peloso’s 1st Affidavit, para 25.

(a) Kashish, for the sum of $927,594.61;

(b) SESPL, for the sum of S$635,647.62;

(c) SEPL, for the sum of S$15,800.00;

(d) 40 customers of SEPPL, who had placed security deposits with SEPPL, for
the total sum of $287,138.24 (the identities of the customers allegedly
constituted commercially sensitive and confidential information and were
therefore not disclosed); and

(e) WongPartnership LLP, for the sum of S$139,145.14.

42 I have expressed my disquiet as regards the Kashish matter. Apart from
Kashish, I noted that SEPPL’s major creditors were primarily related entities
who were also parties to the present proceedings.

43 The respondents claimed that SEPPL’s losses arose from the following
matters. S$1.46 million had been used to pay for losses made on CFDs that Mr
Chan had placed on behalf of SEPPL. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 79.

Of the remaining S$15.24 million, part of it had been used to pay off
substantial expenses incurred by SEPPL in the ordinary course of business,
while a large part of the sum had been channelled towards supporting the SE
Group’s capital-intensive projects. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 79(b) and 79(c).

For example, S$8,636,457 had been used to build photovoltaic systems. The
other major expenses of the SE Group included nearly S$1.5m in legal costs,
comprising the costs of the present litigation as well as Suit 1229 of 2016
involving Sunseap Group Pte Ltd. Another $1.2m in legal costs was incurred for
registering patents. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 79(d).

44 I was satisfied that the manner in which part of the $16.8 million had been
spent gave rise to a real risk of dissipation.

45 There were several reasons for this.

46 First, there was very little documentary evidence supporting Mr Peloso’s
assertions on affidavit. The only supporting document was a redacted document
titled “Independent Practitioner’s Review”. This, however, pertained to the
affairs of SEEAPL and not SEPPL (ie, the party subject to the JM proceedings).
The document showed that SEEAPL had incurred S$8,636,457 in costs for a
“photovoltaic system”, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, pp 322–323.

as opposed to SEPPL, the party that had received the FSC Payments and had
become the subject of JM proceedings. In relation to the other alleged debts,
no documents were produced to evidence the losses allegedly made on the CFDs
involving Mr Chan, or indeed any of the other expenses incurred by SEPPL.

47 Second, it was clear that a large amount of the expenses listed by Mr
Peloso in his affidavit for SEPPL was incurred by other entities in the SE
Group. However, there was a noticeable omission by Mr Peloso to mention any
reason why the sums that were received by SEPPL in the OCBC Account ended up
being used by other entities in the SE Group.

48 Third, while SEPPL claimed to have incurred almost S$1.5 million in legal
costs, at least some of these costs were incurred for entities other than
SEPPL. For instance, Suit 1229 of 2016 did not involve SEPPL. Further,
although $1.2 million was allegedly incurred for the registration of patents,
none of these registered patents were owned by SEPPL. Finally, it is worth
mentioning that the FSC Payments were credited into SEPPL’s OCBC Account and
this was the same account jointly maintained with RCMA and the same account
from which approximately S$6 million had been garnished by Kashish in highly
suspicious circumstances. This too gave me reason to doubt Mr Peloso’s version
of events regarding the S$16.8 million.

Proposal for payment into court

49 As stated above, I was prepared to grant the Mareva injunction and the
Disclosure Orders based on the evidence before me. However, the respondents’
counsel, Ms Koh Swee Yen (“Ms Koh”), informed me of a potential deal with a
foreign investor to acquire a controlling majority stake in SEEAPL. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, para 7.

A non-binding sheet had been signed and “definitive agreements” were to be
signed by mid-September 2019. Final completion was supposed to take place by
the end of September 2019.

50 I should state that the applicants had claimed that the impending sale of
shares in SEEAPL was also evidence of a real risk of dissipation. In this
respect, the applicants relied on, inter alia, the respondent’s failure to
disclose the identity of the foreign investor 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Submissions, para 69(a).

or any other details of the proposed sale.

51 One option that I proposed was for some part of the sum received from the
sale (the quantum of which had yet to be decided) to be paid into court. At
this stage, it was not entirely clear how much money the SE Group would
receive from the sale. The proposal would obviate the need for the Mareva
injunction and the Disclosure Orders. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Minute Sheet (“MS”) dated 12 September 2019.

In the circumstances, I adjourned the matter to 16 September 2019. This was to
allow Ms Koh to take her clients’ instructions and consider the workability of
the proposal.

The 16 September hearing

52 During the hearing, Ms Koh informed me that Mr Peloso had conferred with
the other stakeholders in the SE Group. The SE Group was willing to set aside
“cash consideration” of up to $1,605,452.53 from the sale of the majority
stake in SEEAPL by way of payment into court.

53 Counsel for the applicants, Ms Jennifer Sia (“Ms Sia”), requested that the
Mareva injunction remain in place until payment was made into court. Ms Koh,
however, informed me that the deal would not go through if a Mareva injunction
was in force. To overcome this, I granted the Mareva injunction with a proviso
so that the sale could go ahead pending the payment of a sum of approximately
$1.86 million (a revised figure from Ms Koh’s proposal) into court (“the
Enjoined Sum”)). This sum represented the alleged quantum of damages arising
from Menrva’s counterclaim against SEPL, interest accruing from the date of
the liability judgment and various legal costs. The Mareva injunction would be
discharged with immediate effect upon the payment of the Enjoined Sum into
court.

54 The parties were to work out the precise terms of the draft order for the
Mareva injunction. I decided not to grant the Disclosure Orders at this stage.
This was to give the respondents some breathing space to successfully carry
out the deal with the foreign investor. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Minute Sheet dated 16 September 2019.

55 The parties were unable to agree on the terms of the draft order. I
therefore fixed a hearing on 24 September 2019 to finalise the terms of the
Mareva injunction.

The 24 September hearing

56 On 24 September 2019, the terms of the Mareva injunction were finalised.
During the hearing, counsel for the respondents, Mr Daniel Liu (“Mr Liu”),
informed me that the foreign investor had become concerned about contingent
liabilities arising from the Mareva injunction. Mr Liu told me that the
initial amount of cash consideration proposed by the foreign investor had not
taken into account these contingent liabilities. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Minute Sheet dated 24 September 2019.

57 In response, I informed parties that I would make the Disclosure Orders if
the proposed acquisition did not go ahead and the Enjoined Sum was not paid
into court.

The 22 October hearing

58 On 22 October 2019, I granted the Disclosure Orders which formed the
subject of the respondents’ application for leave to appeal.

59 As it turned out, the proposed deal for the acquisition of SEEAPL’s
majority stake did not go through. Apparently, RCMA had found out the foreign
investor’s identity and alerted it to the Mareva injunction. However, Mr Liu
acknowledged that it was “still possible that the deal may go through” in the
future. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Minute dated 22 October 2019.

60 I had indicated to the respondents during the earlier hearings that I was
minded to grant the Disclosure Orders. Mr Liu stated that the respondents were
willing to accept the Disclosure Orders being made against the corporate
entities. Mr Liu, however, requested that no order be made against Mr Peloso
on the ground that his only foreign asset was allegedly located in Canada.
Ironically, the fact that Mr Peloso’s foreign asset was confined to Canada,
even if true, would have made it easier for him to comply with the Disclosure
Orders. I thus granted substantially all the orders sought by the applicants.

61 The full set of Disclosure Orders were as follows: 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Order of Court dated 22 October 2019.

| | 1\. The [respondents] must inform the [applicants] in writing at once of all their assets whether in or outside Singapore, whether in their own name or not and whether solely or jointly owned, and whether the [respondents] are interested in them legally, beneficially or otherwise, giving the value, location and details of all such assets. The information must be confirmed in an affidavit which must be served on the [applicant’s] solicitors within 10 days of 22 October 2019. In addition: (a) For the purpose of this order, the [respondent’s] assets include any asset in which the [the respondents] have the power, directly or indirectly, to dispose of or deal with as if it were its own. The [respondents] are to be regarded as having such power if a third party holds or controls the asset in accordance with its direct or indirect instructions [Worldwide Disclosure Order]; and  
---  
  
(b) In particular, the [respondents] must state in the affidavit and provide
documents to evidence:

(i) full details of what has happened to [SEPPL's] 30% share of the FSC
Payments received in the OCBC Account. If such sums (of part thereof) have
been transferred by [SEPPL] into another bank account, to the best of the
[respondents’] knowledge and belief, whether the said sum remains in that bank
account, whether it has been further transferred into another bank account and
if so, the date of the transfer and details of the account to which it has
been transferred, or whether it has been utilized in other manner and if so,
the purpose for which the funds have been used [FSC Disclosure Order];

(ii) reasons for [SEPPL] transferring a sum of S$6,091,555.39 from the OCBC
Account to the DBS Account from 27 November 2018 to 17 December 2018 when the
RCMA Injunction (as defined at paragraph 33 of [Mr Chan’s] 15th Affidavit) was
still in place, and whether such transfer was carried out with [RMCA’s] or the
Honourable Court's consent [RCMA Disclosure Order];

(iii) full details of how the trading loss of S$6,995,755.78 owed by [SEPPL]
to [Kashish] was incurred; and

(iv) full details of how [Kashish] got to know about the existence and details
of the DBS Account [Kashish Disclosure Orders].

2\. The [respondents] must inform [Menrva] and [Mr Chan] in writing at once
and in any event no later than two (2) weeks prior to executing any definitive
agreements for the Proposed Acquisition (as defined in HC/ORC 6465/2019​) that
the [respondents] are proceeding with the Proposed Acquisition [Acquisition
Disclosure Order]. ​

3\. the costs of the application be costs in the cause of HC/AD 6/2019.

62 I also ordered that the disclosure affidavits be sealed.

My decision on the Disclosure Orders

63 On 22 October 2019, the respondents sought leave to appeal against my
decision to grant the Disclosure Orders ancillary to the Mareva injunction.
The respondents also sought a stay of execution.

64 During the course of the four hearings, the respondents raised several
arguments. It was contended that the Disclosure Orders were wider than
necessary to police the Mareva injunction. The respondents submitted that the
assets ordered to be disclosed exceeded the sum restrained under the Mareva
injunction. Ms Koh also highlighted the difference between the Disclosure
Orders and Form 7 of the Supreme Court Practice Directions (“the PD”). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Minute Sheet dated 12 September 2019; Bundle of Authorities, Tab 2.

In particular, the formulation “beneficially or otherwise” used in the
Worldwide Disclosure Order was not contained in Form 7. The respondents argued
that there was a breach of the PD as the applicants had failed to state on
affidavit any justification for the departure from Form 7. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Minute Sheet dated 12 September 2019.

Law on Disclosure Obligations

Preliminary remarks

65 I begin by reminding myself of the four important points made by Justice
Mummery in the ground breaking decision of TSB Private Bank International SA v
Chabra and another [1992] 1 WLR 231 at 241:

I bear in mind four preliminary but important points. I first take note of the
wide terms of section 37(1) of the Supreme Court Act 1981 [equivalent to s
4(10) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“CLA”) (see below at [81])]
which empowers the court to grant an injunction in all cases where it appears
to the court to be just and convenient to do so. Secondly, the whole basis of
the Mareva injunction is that, where a plaintiff has shown a good arguable
case, the court, in order to protect the plaintiff’s interests, has
jurisdiction in a proper case to grant an interlocutory injunction restraining
a defendant from disposing of or dissipating his assets, where the refusal of
such an injunction would involve a real risk that a judgment obtained by the
plaintiff would be stultified and remain unsatisfied.

Thirdly, the jurisdiction of the court should be exercised with caution and
great care should be taken not to be oppressive to the persons restrained,
either in the carrying on of a business or in the conduct of everyday life.

Fourthly, the practice of the court on the grant of Mareva injunctions is an
evolving one which has to remain flexible and adaptable to meet new situations
as and when they arise.

[emphasis added]

66 In my view, in granting Mareva relief (including ancillary disclosure
orders) regard must be had to how wily a defendant has been in devising
schemes to dissipate, dispose or put its assets out of reach to evade
judgment. To meet the objectives of Mareva relief and confront the challenges
posed by devious schemes, the Mareva relief must remain flexible and be
capable of being tailored accordingly.

67 The CA in Petromar Energy Resources Pte Ltd v Glencore International AG
[1999] 1 SLR(R) 1152 (“Petromar”) set out the purpose of disclosure orders. In
brief, disclosure orders are merely ancillary to a Mareva injunction for the
plaintiff to determine the location of a defendant’s assets and take
appropriate steps to preserve them pending the trial (at [21]). The CA
elaborated on disclosure orders in Bouvier at [101]:

[The ancillary disclosure order] aims to give the plaintiff a snapshot of the
defendant’s assets at the time of disclosure. This is to enable the plaintiff
to police the injunction and ensure that the defendant’s assets are kept at
the steady state which the Mareva injunction seeks to preserve. After all, if
the court is satisfied that there is a real risk of dissipation, then it
generally follows, as a matter of logic, that there should be a capability to
police the Mareva injunction granted. The ancillary asset disclosure order is
thus an integral part of the court’s Mareva injunction and an ordinary adjunct
to a Mareva injunction: Grupo Torras SA v Shiek Fahad Mohammed Al Sabah (16
February 1994); Motorola Credit Corporation v Cem Cegiz Uzan [2002] EWCA Civ
989 at [28]–[29].

68 A recent decision by Andrew Ang SJ in Sea Trucks Offshore Ltd and others v
Roomans, Jacobus Johannes and others [2019] 3 SLR 836 (“Sea Trucks”) was
instructive. The plaintiffs had obtained a Mareva injunction against two
defendants. The injunction prohibited the two defendants from dealing with
their assets up to a certain value. The two defendants filed affidavits but
only partially disclosed their assets. Thereafter, the defendants applied to
vary their disclosure obligations on the basis that the disclosed sums were
sufficient for the purpose of the Mareva injunction. In dismissing the
application to vary the disclosure obligations, Ang SJ set out several
important principles in relation to ancillary disclosure obligations:

(a) A plaintiff is given no interest, security or priority in assets that are
the subject of a Mareva injunction. Thus, the only way to allow the plaintiff
to effectively police the Mareva injunction is by giving the plaintiff
sufficient information about the location and details of the defendant’s
assets (at [45]).

(b) As a general rule, a defendant will be required to make disclosure of all
its assets even though the assets restrained are limited to those of a certain
value (at [52]).

(c) Even where the defendant has disclosed assets sufficient to meet the sums
restrained by the Mareva injunction, there remains utility in requiring the
defendant to disclose information relating to the defendant’s other assets. As
the information contained in the disclosure affidavits is often a “rough and
ready” figure, it would be unrealistic to expect that the value of such assets
would be so close to the true value of the defendant’s assets such that no
other assets are required to be disclosed in order to preserve the efficacy of
the Mareva injunction (at [46]).

(d) It is often the case that a Mareva injunction contains exceptions that
allow the defendant to apply some of the restrained sums of money towards
ordinary expenses and legal fees. Thus, where the defendant only discloses
assets that are equal in value or slightly above that restrained by the Mareva
injunction, this could reduce the injunction’s efficacy (at [49]).

(e) As a wide disclosure obligation is typically required to give a Mareva
injunction teeth, such widely-phrased disclosure obligations are the norm
rather than the exception, and have been described as being the “standard
terms” on which a disclosure obligation is made (at [52]).

69 Ang SJ stated that it is only where disclosure orders go further than
requiring the defendant to disclose all its assets that the court has found
such obligations to be overly onerous (at [53]), such as in Wallace Kevin
James v Merrill Lynch International Bank Ltd [1998] 1 SLR (R) 61 (“Wallace”)
and Petromar.

70 In Petromar, Glencore had obtained an ex parte interim Mareva injunction
against Petromar, together with ancillary disclosure orders. The CA determined
that there was an abuse of the ancillary orders for disclosure, as it appeared
that Glencore was not merely seeking to ascertain the amount of money in
Petromar’s bank account, but also to determine the movement of money to and
from the bank account to assist it in its claims against Petromar and another
entity, Metro (at [21]). Two further observations may be made about Petromar.
The first is that the disclosure orders had been granted by the Judge below at
an early stage in the proceedings, indeed on the date the action was
commenced. The second is that the disclosure orders were granted on an ex
parte basis. In this regard, the court declared that there was no reason why
such extensive orders could not have been granted at an inter partes hearing
instead (at [19]).

71 In Wallace, a bank had obtained a worldwide Mareva injunction and an
accompanying disclosure order against an employee. The disclosure order at
issue was in the following terms (at [34]):

… the defendants shall give their consent in writing within seven (7) days of
the service of the order to be made hereon to all of their bankers providing
to the plaintiffs or their solicitors any information relating to their bank
account or accounts and/or copies of their bank statements. [emphasis in
original]

72 Similarly, as in Petromar, the CA in Wallace noted that the disclosure
order granted was too wide. In effect, it directed the appellant and his wife
to consent to the respondents obtaining any information relating to the
accounts they had with his banks. The CA also observed that the only purpose
of the disclosure order was to “aid” the Mareva injunction by policing any
subsequent disposal of funds. In the circumstances, the court was of the view
that opportunity ought to be given to the appellant and his wife to disclose
the assets they had at the time, which would include the credit balances in
their bank accounts. Requiring the appellant and his wife to provide letters
of consent to allow the respondents to obtain information was “going too far”
(at [34]).

73 Apart from the width of the order, it is important to flag the CA’s concern
regarding the stage of the proceedings at which the disclosure order was made.
In this respect, the CA expressly remarked that the order was “unjustified” at
the time it was made. Like Petromar, the disclosure order was made on the date
of the commencement of the action (at [3] and [34]).

74 The above cases concerned disclosure orders that were granted pre-judgment.
I now turn to examine decisions involving post-judgment Mareva injunctions and
disclosure orders, given that the present case involved the grant of a post-
judgment Mareva injunction and ancillary disclosure orders.

75 Judith Prakash J (as she then was) held in Hitachi Leasing (Singapore) Pte
Ltd v Vincent Ambrose and another [2001] 1 SLR(R) 762 (“Hitachi Leasing”) that
the two conditions for the issue of a post-judgment Mareva injunction are as
follows. First, a real risk of the debtor dissipating or disposing of assets
with the intention of depriving the creditor of any satisfaction of its debt.
Second, that the injunction must act as an aid to execution (at [19]). Hitachi
Leasing did not, however, concern disclosure orders. Hitachi Leasing was cited
with approval by the CA in The State-Owned Company Yugoimport SDPR (also known
as Jugoimport-SDPR) v Westacre Investments Inc and other appeals [2016] 5 SLR
372 at [120].

76 Citing Gidrxslme Shipping Co Ltd v Tantomar-Transportes Marittimos Lda
[1995] 1 WLR 299 (“Gidrxslme Shipping”), Belinda Ang J in Astro Nusantara
International BV and others v PT Ayunda Prima Mitra and others and another
matter [2016] 2 SLR 737 noted at [89] that a post-arbitral award Mareva
injunction could be made as an aid to execution on the basis that there was a
real risk that the party against whom the award had been made may dispose of
its assets to avoid execution.

77 In Gidrxslme Shipping, the owners of a chartered ship had obtained a Mareva
injunction against the charterers to enable enforcement of arbitration awards
that had already been made. The assets that were ordered to be disclosed
covered assets that were not subject to the Mareva injunction, given that the
injunction was confined to assets within England while the ancillary
disclosure orders required the charterers to disclose their assets worldwide.
Colman J made the following observations regarding the different
considerations applicable to pre-judgment and post-judgment disclosure orders
(at 310):

… However, in Derby & Co. Ltd. v. Weldon Neill L.J., at pp. 94–95, reaffirmed,
albeit obiter, his conviction expressed in Ashtiani v. Kashi [1987] Q.B. 888
that disclosure orders should be coextensive with the scope of the Mareva
injunction to which they were ancillary. It is to be observed, however, that
both in Ashtiani v. Kashi and in Derby & Co. Ltd. v. Weldon (Nos. 3 and 4) the
courts were concerned with pre-judgment orders which included Mareva
injunctions. The orders for disclosure were therefore orders ancillary to
those injunctions. There was no question of there being any other order in
support of which a disclosure order could be justified. Where, by contrast,
one has the position that a judgment has been already obtained or an award
made and where a Mareva injunction in aid of execution is justified, the
jurisdiction to make a disclosure order arises both as a power ancillary to
and in support of the injunction and independently of the injunction as a
power in support of the execution of the judgment or award. It follows that,
whereas it may on the facts of the case in question be inappropriate to extend
the Mareva injunction to assets outside the jurisdiction — and it is clear
from the two authorities cited that such extensions are likely to be rarely
justified — very different considerations may apply to disclosure orders in
aid of execution. … [original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold]

78 Colman J took into account considerations such as the charterers claiming
not to have any assets in England and the existence of outstanding and
unsatisfied arbitral awards against them (at 311–312):

In the present case the charterers who have failed to honour the first award,
and who have subsequently failed to honour the second award, appear to carry
on business in Lisbon and are incorporated in Portugal. They claim to have no
assets within the jurisdiction except funds held on account of costs by their
solicitors and claims in a London arbitration against an English company in
relation to which an award is apparently imminent. … The charterers have no
bank accounts here. Nothing is known of what assets they have abroad beyond
those arbitration claims or the whereabouts of those assets.

In view of the outstanding and unsatisfied awards against the defendants
amounting in aggregate to U.S.$357,349.47 plus interest and costs, the first
award having been converted into a judgment for U.S.$284,392.47, it is, in my
judgment, entirely just and convenient in aid of execution of those awards
that the charterers should be required to tell the owners where their assets
are, whether inside or outside the jurisdiction of the English courts.

[emphasis added]

79 Although the Mareva injunction was confined to assets within England, the
disclosure orders granted extended to assets outside England. These broader
disclosure orders were justified on the basis that they were in aid of
execution. In this regard, the court observed that the charterers had no bank
accounts in England, nor was anything known about their assets abroad. These
factors made it necessary for the court to make the wider disclosure orders.
Thus, Gidrxslme Shipping makes it clear that while a disclosure order in
support of a pre-judgment Mareva is usually coextensive with the scope of a
Mareva injunction, this is not necessarily the case for a post-judgment
Mareva.

80 In Vitol SA v Capri Marine Limited and others [2010] EWHC 458 (Comm),
Justice Tomlinson elaborated on the purpose of post-judgment disclosure orders
at [37]:

(a) At the post-judgment stage, a disclosure order has a dual purpose. It
serves both to assist in the identification or ascertainment of assets that
were subject or potentially subject to the freezing order and to assist the
judgment creditor in locating assets against which enforcement may be sought.

(b) Pursuant to s 37(1) of the Senior Courts Act 1981 (c 54) (UK) (“the Senior
Courts Act 1981”), the court has a freestanding power to order disclosure
after judgment in order to render the judgment effective, in the sense of
being capable of enforcement. In this regard, “it is the policy of the law to
assist persons in the position of the plaintiffs to obtain the fruits of their
judgments” (Maclaine Watson & Co Ltd v International Tin Council (No.2) [1989]
1 Ch 286 at 301).

(c) Different considerations apply between pre and post-judgment situations.
In a post-judgment context, it is just and convenient that the judgment
creditor should normally have all the information needed to levy execution of
the judgment anywhere in the world (per Colman J in Gidrxslme Shipping at p
312EF).

81 Prakash J (as she then was) observed in R1 International Pte Ltd v
Lonstroff AG [2014] 3 SLR 166 that “[t]he language of s 4(10) of the [CLA] is
very similar to that of s 37 of the Senior Courts Act 1981” (at [44]). It has
been recognised that s 4(10) of the CLA is the source of the statutory power
to grant interlocutory relief, including Mareva injunctions (see [45]). Thus,
the power to grant disclosure orders ancillary to a Mareva injunction, like
the power to grant a Mareva injunction, originates from s 4(10) of the CLA.

Analysis

82 I set out the various orders of the Mareva injunction granted on 24
September 2019: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Order of Court on 24 September 2019 (Amendment No.1).

1\. (a) The [respondents] must not:

(i) remove from Singapore any of their assets which are in Singapore whether
in their own name or not and whether solely or jointly owned up to the value
of SGD 1,853,795.95 [the Enjoined Sum]; or

(ii) in any way dispose of or deal with or diminish the value of any of their
assets whether they are in or outside Singapore whether in their own name or
not and whether solely or jointly owned up to the same value and whether the
[respondents] are interested in them legally, beneficially or otherwise. For
the purpose of this Order, the [respondents’] assets include any asset in
which the [respondents] have the power, directly or indirectly, to dispose of
or deal with as if it were their own. The [respondents] are to be regarded as
having such power if a third party holds or controls the asset in accordance
with its direct or indirect instructions.

(b) This prohibition includes the following assets, in particular

(i) Any monies in the following bank accounts:

…

(ii) All sale proceeds or any capital received from the proposed acquisition
described at paragraphs 18 to 19 of the 1st affidavit of [Mr Peloso] filed on
21 August 2019 in HC/OS 1060/2019 ("Proposed Acquisition");

(iii) All payments received by [SEPPL] from the Energy Market Authority /
Singapore Power Services Ltd pursuant to the Enhanced Forward Sales Contract
Scheme ("FSC Scheme" and "FSC Payments");

(iv) shares in and the property and assets of [SESPL], [SEEAPL], [SEDSL], and
[SEPPL], which [SEPL] own and/or control either directly or indirectly:

(v) [SEPL’s] intellectual property, including patents no. 10201501229P,
10201406833U and 10201405341Y;

(vi) [SEDSL’s] intellectual property, including patents no. 11201904220V,
11201800608R, 11201708394S, 11201703224R, 11201703223T, 1020190746Y,
10201802478X, 10201711089V, 10201609493P, and 10201502972V;

(vii) [Mr Peloso’s] shares in [SEPL], Sun Electric (SG) Pte. Ltd., Sun
Electric IO Pte. Ltd. and Sun Electric Energy Assets II Pte. Ltd.;

(d) If the total unencumbered value of the [Respondents’] assets in Singapore
exceeds the [Enjoined Sum], the [Respondents] may remove any of those assets
from Singapore or may dispose of or deal with them so long as the total
unencumbered value of their assets still in Singapore remains not less than
the [Enjoined Sum]. If the total unencumbered value of the [Respondents’]
assets in Singapore does not exceed the [Enjoined Sum], the [Respondents] must
not remove any of those assets from Singapore and must not dispose of or deal
with any of them, but if they have other assets outside Singapore, [the
Respondents] may dispose of or deal with those assets so long as the total
unencumbered value of all their assets whether in or outside Singapore remains
not less than the [Enjoined Sum].

…

EXCEPTIONS TO THIS ORDER

…

5\. This order does not prohibit the [respondents] from proceeding with and
completing the Proposed Acquisition save that:

a. [the respondents] shall notify the [applicants] within (2) Business days
once:

(i) Definitive agreements for the Proposed Acquisition has been signed; and

(ii) Completion for the Proposed Acquisition has taken place…

[emphasis omitted]

83 Apart from the above, the Mareva injunction contained the usual exceptions
and terms.

84 As mentioned above at [61], there were five separate categories of
Disclosure Orders:

(a) the Worldwide Disclosure Order;

(b) the FSC Disclosure Order;

(c) the RCMA Disclosure Order;

(d) the Kashish Disclosure Orders; and

(e) the Acquisition Disclosure Order.

General

85 I first detail some of the broader reasons for granting the Disclosure
Orders before turning to more specific considerations.

86 In my judgment, all the Disclosure Orders granted were necessary to police
the Mareva injunction. I elaborate below at [91]–[108] on how the Disclosure
Orders were necessary to police the Mareva injunction.

87 The next point is that the present case was unlike both Wallace and
Petromar. The present case involved disclosure orders granted at a late stage
in the proceedings, after liability had been established but before damages
had been assessed. Both the disclosure orders in Wallace and Petromar had been
granted at an early stage of proceedings. Further, there was no indication, as
in Petromar, that the disclosure orders were sought for an extraneous purpose.
In my judgment, the primary reason the respondents sought the accompanying
disclosure orders was to police the Mareva injunction. Further, unlike
Petromar, the disclosure orders here were granted only after four inter partes
hearings. Parties here had every opportunity to be heard.

88 The respondents had claimed that the quantum of the total assets ordered to
be disclosed far exceeded the contingent liability that was due as a result of
the liability judgment. As a general rule, a defendant will be required to
make disclosure of all its assets even though the assets restrained are
limited to those of a certain value (Sea Trucks at [52]). There was no reason
to depart from this general rule. It was also observed in Motorola Credit
Corporation v Cem Cegiz Uzan and others [2003] EWCA Civ 752 (“Motorola Credit
Corporation”) that a defendant is ordinarily required to disclose all its
assets above a certain value. Otherwise, a defendant may selectively pick
which assets to disclose. In doing so, the defendant may choose to disclose
assets that are the least available or accessible to the claimant for the
purpose of execution (Motorola Credit Corporation at [146]). This was
something that I bore in mind when granting the Disclosure Orders.

89 SEPPL’s assets were listed in Mr Peloso’s affidavit in support of its JM
application (see above at [11]), but these consisted only of two patents and a
sum of money. Moreover, there was no valuation attached to these two patents.
Further, the respondents failed to point to the existence of any other liquid
assets in Mr Peloso’s fourth affidavit. This case was unlike Sea Trucks, where
the defendants had at least provided partial disclosure indicating the
availability of a certain amount of assets. Here, it was not at all known
whether there would be sufficient assets to satisfy the contingent liability.

90 In the alternative, I was of the view that, as in Gidrxslme Shipping, all
of the Disclosure Orders were justified as aids to execution. First, very
little information was provided on the quantum and location of the
respondents’ assets, either in Singapore or worldwide. Second, the
respondents’ conduct in the Kashish matter, as well as Mr Peloso’s flippant
attitude towards an order of court, ie, the RCMA Injunction, suggested a
substantial risk that the respondents would take evasive steps to avoid
execution. I have also highlighted above at [19]–[51] other matters
(evidencing a real risk of dissipation) which indicated that there would be
difficulties in execution.

Worldwide Disclosure Order

91 The scope of the Worldwide Disclosure Order was necessary to police the
Mareva injunction.

92 I noted above at [68] the general observation in Sea Trucks that a
plaintiff is given no interest, security or priority in the assets that are
the subject of a Mareva injunction. It follows from this that the only way for
a disclosure order to assist in the effective enforcement of a Mareva
injunction is for the plaintiff to be given sufficient information about the
location and details of the assets. Therefore, where the court grants
disclosure orders covering the same assets that are restrained under the
Mareva injunction, such disclosure orders are regarded as normal. Two
decisions illustrated this point. The first is Teo Siew Har, where the court
had directed that disclosure be made in respect of the defendants’ worldwide
assets after a worldwide Mareva injunction was imposed (at [6]). The second is
Lyu Yan @ Lu Yan v Lim Tien Chiang and others [2019] SGHC 10 (“Lyu Yan”), in
which Choo Han Teck J granted a worldwide disclosure order to accompany the
worldwide Mareva injunction.

93 Upon examining Orders 1(a)(i) and 1(a)(ii) of the Mareva injunction and the
Worldwide Disclosure Order, it can be seen that both sets of orders refer to
assets “in or outside Singapore, whether in [the respondents’] own name or not
and whether solely or jointly owned, and whether the [respondents] are
interested in them legally, beneficially or otherwise” and assets which the
respondents “have the power, directly or indirectly, to dispose of or deal
with as if it were its own”. The only difference between the assets restrained
under Orders 1(a)(i) and (ii) and those subject of the disclosure obligations
in the Worldwide Disclosure Order was that Orders 1(a)(i) and (ii) restrained
movement of assets up to the sum of S$1,853,795.95 (see also Order 1(d)) while
the Worldwide Disclosure Order required the respondents to disclose all their
assets (unlimited by any sum). As I have pointed out above, there is a general
rule that a defendant will be required to make disclosure of all its assets
even though the assets restrained are limited to a certain value (Sea Trucks
at [52]). Cogent reasons were provided by Ang SJ to justify this general
position (see Sea Trucks at [45]–[52]). It remained necessary for the
Worldwide Disclosure Order to be unrestricted by a fixed sum in order to
police the accompanying Mareva injunction. It must also be highlighted that
the orders granted in both Teo Siew Har and Lyu Yan were not restricted to a
fixed sum.

RCMA and Kashish Disclosure Orders

94 Given the width of the Mareva injunction, I found that the RCMA and Kashish
Disclosure Orders did not go beyond the assets restrained, and were therefore
necessary for its policing. The width of the Mareva injunction becomes
apparent upon examination of its precise terms.

95 Order 1(a)(ii) restrained the respondents from disposing of assets “whether
in their own name or not and whether solely or jointly owned up to the [value
of S$1,853,795.95] and whether the [respondents] are interested in them
legally, beneficially or otherwise … For the purpose of this Order, the
[respondents’] assets include any asset in which [the respondents] have the
power, directly or indirectly, to dispose of or deal with as if it were their
own. The [respondents] are to be regarded as having such a power if a third
party holds or controls the asset in accordance with its direct or indirect
instructions” [emphasis added].

96 I have noted above at [9] that Order 1(a)(ii) was not being challenged in
the application for leave to appeal. I highlight two cases that illustrate the
wide-ranging nature of this type of order. JSC BTA Bank v Solodchenko and
others [2010] EWCA Civ 1436 (“Solodchenko”) held that the formulation
“legally, beneficially or otherwise” covered assets which are held by the
defendant as a trustee or nominee for a third party (see also Prakash J in STX
Corp v Jason Surjana Tanuwidjaja and others [2014] 2 SLR 1261 at [20]). In JSC
BTA Bank v Ablyazov (No 10) [2015] UKSC 64, the defendant had entered into a
number of unsecured loan agreements providing for large sums of money to be
made available to him. Although these borrowings would not have been covered
under the standard form of a freezing order, the inclusion of the phrase
“[f]or the purpose of this Order the [defendant’s] assets include any asset
which they have power, indirectly or indirectly, to dispose of, or deal with
as if it were their own” in the terms of the freezing order granted meant that
they were now covered. The upshot of this is that the respondents are
restrained from disposing of a wide range of assets under Order 1(a)(ii).

97 In brief, the RCMA and Kashish Disclosure Orders required the respondents
to disclose the reasons SEPPL transferred a sum of about S$6 million from the
joint OCBC Account to the DBS Account, as well as full details of SEPPL’s
trading losses with Kashish, and how Kashish came to find out about the
details of the sum of money in SEPPL’s DBS Account.

98 On the basis of the available evidence, which consisted of an Order of
Court dated 4 February 2019 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Mr Peloso’s 4th Affidavit, p 382.

and correspondence between SEPPL and Kashish’s solicitors on the alleged
claims under the CFDs, I was not convinced that SEPPL genuinely owed a sum of
money to Kashish. In the circumstances, it may be inferred that the
respondents were “interested in [the approximately S$6 million] … beneficially
or otherwise”. There was admittedly a degree of evidential difficulty involved
in ascertaining the precise nature of this interest. The S$6 million could
have been “transferred” to Kashish through the garnishment process with the
intention on SEPPL’s part to retain a beneficial interest in the sums under
the trust. On the basis of the affidavit evidence, I was satisfied that there
was at least a “good arguable” case that the money belonged beneficially to
SEPPL. Thus, the Kashish and RCMA Disclosure Orders were co-extensive with the
assets restrained under Order 1(a)(ii).

99 Order 1(a)(ii) also restrained the movement of assets that a third party
controlled on the direct or indirect instructions of the respondents. Based on
the suspicious circumstances that I have described above (at [20]–[37]), I was
of the view that, in the alternative, there was a “good arguable” case that
the $6 million was directly or indirectly controlled by the respondents. In
requiring the respondents to disclose the “full details” of what happened to
the approximately S$6 million, as well as the reasons for the transfer of the
$6m, the RCMA and Kashish Disclosure Orders did not go further than the Mareva
injunction. Put differently, the two Disclosure Orders did not require the
respondents to provide information regarding assets that were not already the
subject of the Mareva injunction. It was therefore necessary to make the RCMA
and Kashish Disclosure Orders for the applicants to police the Mareva
injunction.

100 In addition, I reiterate the principle in Gidrxslme Shipping that while a
disclosure order in support of a pre-judgment Mareva is usually coextensive
with the scope of a Mareva injunction, this is not necessarily the case for
post-judgment disclosure orders. I have explained that the Disclosure Orders
were granted as aids to execution (see above at [90]). It follows that even if
the RCMA and Kashish Disclosure Orders were broader than the Mareva
injunction, they were justified.

101 There were other reasons why I believed the RCMA and Kashish Disclosure
Orders to be justified.

102 Apart from the standard disclosure orders, the court has the power to make
additional orders against a party that is the subject of a Mareva injunction
to give discovery and answer interrogatories. The disclosure orders assist in,
among other things, (a) determining the existence, nature and location of the
respondents’ assets or of proceeds of fraud; and (b) clarifying questions of
title concerning assets (Singapore Civil Procedure 2020 vol 1 (Chua Lee Ming
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2020) at para 29/1/69; see also Civil
Procedure: Volume II (Sweet & Maxwell, 2018) at para 15-74). Although the RCMA
and Kashish Disclosure Orders were labelled as “disclosure” orders, they were
also in effect interrogatories. In my judgment, both orders were necessary to
achieve the above two objectives, given the evidential difficulty in
determining the nature of the interest in the S$6 million that was garnished
by Kashish.

103 In Lyu Yan, the plaintiff had opened a private wealth account with BNP
Paribas and sought to transfer US$3m in RMB from her personal RMB account in
China to one of her personal bank accounts in Singapore through the assistance
of the defendants. As it turned out, the bulk of the plaintiff’s money
disappeared (at [11]) and the plaintiff accordingly sought various orders
pending trial. The plaintiff was granted a Worldwide Mareva injunction (at
[14]). Crucially, the defendants were made to state on affidavit what had
happened to the money initially transferred to their bank accounts (at
[14(c)]). This question was presumably to assist in determining the location
of the plaintiff’s assets to aid the policing of the Mareva injunction. In my
judgment, the RCMA and Kashish Disclosure Orders served a similar function.
They were directed at determining the location of assets that potentially fell
within the scope of the Mareva injunction.

104 Lyu Yan illustrates another important point. Choo J had found a “real
risk” of dissipation of assets. He inferred this from the fact that the entire
sum of S$3m had been dissipated through the bank accounts of all the
defendants and someone known as “Allan”. He also found the explanations given
by the defendants to be “inadequate and unconvincing” (at [12]). In making the
disclosure order directed at finding out information about the missing S$3m,
the court was in effect granting an ancillary disclosure order that sought to
determine the true state of affairs as regards the circumstances which led to
its finding of a “real risk” of dissipation. In this case, I have set out
above at [19]–[51] the matters leading to my determination that there was a
“real risk” of dissipation. This included the RCMA Injunction and involvement
of Kashish. As in the disclosure order in Lyu Yan, both the RCMA and Kashish
Disclosure Orders were directed at finding out further information that formed
the basis of my finding of a “real risk” of dissipation. Hence, I was of the
view that the making of the RCMA and Kashish Disclosure Orders was justified.

105 Finally, it must be noted that both Orders were not onerous obligations.
The Orders required only information readily available and entirely within Mr
Peloso’s personal knowledge. After all, Mr Peloso had acknowledged that he had
provided Kashish with the DBS Account number from which the sum of money was
garnished. No prejudice would be occasioned if the respondents were required
to comply with the RCMA and Kashish Disclosure Orders. Both orders must be
seen in the light of the suspicious circumstances surrounding the transfer of
money from the OCBC Account to the DBS Account, as well as the insufficient
evidence concerning Kashish.

FSC Disclosure Order

106 The facts concerning the FSC Payments have been set above at [20]–[21].
The FSC Disclosure Order required the respondents to provide full details of
what had happened to SEPPL’s share of the FSC Payments received in the OCBC
Account and, where the payments had been transferred out of the account,
various details surrounding those transfers.

107 The FSC Disclosure Order was necessary to police the Mareva injunction. As
I have pointed out above at [96], Orders 1(a)(i) and 1(a)(ii) encompassed a
very broad range of assets. Like the assets ordered to be disclosed pursuant
to the RCMA and Kashish Disclosure Orders, the assets under the FSC Disclosure
Order fell within the scope of Order 1(a)(ii). Further, like all of the above
Disclosure Orders, this order was also justified as an aid to execution. Given
my finding that some of the FSC Payments had been transferred in anticipation
of execution, it was necessary for me to make this order.

Acquisition Disclosure Order

108 The Acquisition Disclosure Order required the respondents to inform the
applicants two weeks in advance of executing any definitive agreements in
respect of the foreign investor’s proposed acquisition of the majority stake
in SEEAPL. The Mareva injunction granted contained an exception, such that the
respondents were not prohibited from proceeding with and completing the
proposed acquisition involving SEEAPL’s shares. This proviso was granted to
permit the sale of SEEAPL’s majority stake and allow the Enjoined Sum to be
paid into court (see above at [53]). Under the Mareva injunction, the
respondents were required to furnish notice to the applicants within two
business days once a definitive agreement has been signed and after completion
has taken place. The Acquisition Disclosure Order required notice before the
execution of any definitive agreements. It was only right that notice also be
provided before any agreements were signed. If something was amiss (for eg, if
it appeared that the impending sale was not bona fide), the applicants could
take the necessary steps to protect their interests.

Non-compliance with the Practice Directions

109 The respondents submitted that the Disclosure Orders were wider than the
orders set out in Form 7 of Appendix A of the PD. According to para 42(3) of
the PD, Form 7 must be used unless the Court considers that there is “good
reason” for adopting a different form. Based on the reasons set out above at
[85]–[108], I was of the view that there were good reasons for the departure
from the usual form.

110 Paragraph 42(3) of the PD also provides that any departure from the terms
of the prescribed form (ie, Form 7) should be justified by the applicant in
its supporting affidavit. While the applicants did not specify precisely why
each and every departure from Form 7 was justified, it was in my judgment
clear from Mr Chan’s affidavit why the applicants had thought that the
additional disclosure orders, viz, the FSC, RCMA, Kashish and Acquisition
Disclosure Orders, were justified. I also noted that such disclosure orders
requiring the disclosure of parties’ beneficial assets (similar to Order
1(a)(ii)) have been granted before (see Lyu Yan at [14(b)]; Solodchenko at
[46]; see also STX Corp at [20] per Prakash J). In the circumstances, there
were good reasons for me to depart from the terms of the prescribed Form.

Conclusion on the Disclosure Orders

111 For the above reasons, I granted the applicants the Disclosure Orders.

My decision on the application for leave to appeal

112 On 1 November 2019, the respondents filed Summons No 5537 of 2019 seeking
leave to appeal against my decision on 22 October 2019. A hearing was fixed
for 5 December 2019. On this date, counsel for the applicants, Ms Sia,
informed me that the applicants had discovered that assets had been dissipated
in breach of the Mareva injunction. Ms Sia sought to tender an affidavit
detailing the same. I allowed the admission of the affidavit. I also permitted
the respondents to file a reply affidavit and adjourned the hearing to 17
December 2019. Both parties filed written submissions on the question of leave
to appeal.

113 On 17 December 2019, I refused the respondents’ application for leave to
appeal.

114 The principles for granting leave to appeal are well established (see Lee
Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong and another [1997] 2 SLR(R) 862 (“Lee Kuan Yew”) at
[16]). An applicant must establish one or more of the following grounds:

(a) a prima facie case of error;

(b) a question of general principle to be decided for the first time; or

(c) a question of importance upon which further argument and a decision of a
higher tribunal would be to the public advantage.

115 The respondents made two broad submissions.

116 First, the respondents contended that my decision on 22 October 2019
disclosed a prima facie error as the Disclosure Orders went “over and above
what [was] necessary for policing the mareva [sic] injunction”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions in Summons 5557 of 2019 (“PS in SUM 5557”), paras
26–40.

This was for the following reasons. The respondents argued that the Disclosure
Orders substantially departed from the standard form set out in Form 7 of the
PD. As I have explained, each of the Disclosure Orders was co-extensive with
the assets restrained under the Mareva injunction. In particular, Orders
1(a)(i) and 1(a)(ii) restrained the respondents from removing their assets on
a worldwide basis. As an additional ground, disclosure orders granted
ancillary to a post-judgment Mareva injunction served a secondary purpose of
acting as aids to execution. Thus, the Disclosure Orders were also justified
on this basis. As for the point on the departure from Form 7 of the PD, there
was nothing which prevented me from departing from Form 7, so long as I was of
the view that there were good reasons to do so.

117 During the hearing, counsel for the respondents, Ms Eden Li (“Ms Li”),
submitted that there had been an erroneous exercise of discretion in granting
the Worldwide Disclosure Order as one of the entities in the SE Group, SEEAPL,
had assets that substantially exceeded the Enjoined Sum. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Minute Sheet dated 17 December 2019.

In my view, the “Independent Practitioner’s Review”, which Ms Li relied on,
was cynically redacted to avoid scrutiny of the true financial health of
SEEAPL. In any case, the principle in Sea Trucks required a party subject to a
Mareva injunction to make disclosure of all its assets even though the assets
restrained are limited to those of a certain value (at [52]).

118 Second, the respondents submitted that there was a question of general
principle to be decided for the first time and a question of importance upon
which further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the
public advantage (ie, both limbs (b) and (c) of the test in Lee Kuan Yew). The
question posed was this: in circumstances where non-parties to the underlying
suit have been joined solely for the purposes of injunctive relief, what is
the precise scope of ancillary disclosure orders that can and should be
granted against such non-parties? 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PS in SUM 5557, para 44.

119 In my view, this submission was unmeritorious. I noted that the
respondents did not challenge the court’s power or jurisdiction to make
disclosure orders against third parties. Although the respondents’ question
was couched as one of general principle, it appeared, on closer inspection, to
be a fact-specific one. The question was formulated as “what is the precise
scope” of the ancillary disclosure order (where third parties have been joined
to the suit for injunctive relief). Naturally, the determination of the scope
of the disclosure orders was fundamentally a fact-sensitive exercise,
depending on the overall circumstances of each case. The guiding principle in
determining the width of an ancillary disclosure order is whether it is
necessary to police the accompanying Mareva injunction. This was well
established by the CA in Bouvier and Petromar. I also observed that wide-
ranging disclosure orders have been directed against third parties before. In
Teo Siew Har, the third party wife had been required to file an affidavit
setting out her assets, whether located in Singapore or elsewhere, under the
terms of the worldwide Mareva injunction (at [6]).

120 Teo Siew Har made clear that the court may direct a third party to provide
information on all of its assets both in Singapore and worldwide if there is a
Mareva injunction in place (at [6]). The Worldwide Disclosure Order was thus
uncontroversial. The more “unusual” orders were therefore the FSC, RCMA and
Kashish Disclosure Orders.

121 In respect of the latter orders, the applicants submitted that there was,
in effect, no live question to deal with as these disclosure orders were not
truly directed at the third parties to the suit. The applicants submitted that
the additional orders under para 1(b) of the Disclosure Orders related to
SEPPL, which was a party to the underlying suit. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defendant’s Submissions in SUM 5557 (“DS in SUM 5557”), para 82.

122 In the main, I accepted this submission. This was an alternative reason to
the reason stated at [119] for dismissing the application for leave to appeal.

123 The orders were, on a literal reading, directed at all of the respondents
(Order 1(b) of the Disclosure Orders). However, they were in substance and in
effect directed at SEPPL. This was because it was SEPPL that possessed the
information relating to the FSC, RCMA and Kashish Disclosure Orders. The FSC
Disclosure Order directed information to be provided on affidavit regarding
what had happened to SEPPL’s share of the FSC Payments. Likewise, the RCMA and
Kashish Disclosure Orders required SEPPL to provide information about why the
approximately S$6m was taken out of SEPPL’s account and how and why SEPPL had
incurred losses with Kashish. There was only one situation in which an order
was directed at the third party entities. If and when the FSC Payments that
had been received in the OCBC Account were transferred by SEPPL into another
bank account, the respondents (including SEPPL) would be obliged to disclose,
to the best of their knowledge and belief, whether those sums remained in the
bank accounts to which the FSC Payments had been transferred to and whether
those sums had been further transferred into another bank account; if so, the
date of the transfer and details of the account to which the transfer had been
made, or whether those sums had been used in any other manner and if so, the
purpose of usage. Thus, save for this limited scenario, the question of the
precise scope of the disclosure orders directed against third parties did not
arise.

124 Given the above, there was no question of general principle to be decided
for the first time or question of general importance upon which further
argument would be to the public advantage.

125 I also add that the evidence indicated that the respondents were dragging
their feet in an attempt to avoid complying with the Disclosure Orders. The
evidence in Mr Chan’s affidavit dated 5 December 2019 showed that Mr Peloso
had no intention of complying with orders of court.

My decision on the application for stay of execution

126 I heard the respondents’ application for a stay of execution of the
disclosure orders on 17 December 2019. I refused it and ordered that
disclosure be made within seven days of the hearing.

127 It is trite that an appeal does not automatically operate as a stay of
execution. The general position is that the court will not deprive a
successful party of the fruits of its litigation until an appeal is
determined, unless the unsuccessful party can show special circumstances to
justify it (Strandore Invest A/S v Soh Kim Wat [2010] SGHC 174 at [7]).

128 The respondents submitted that a stay should be granted in order to
prevent their appeal from being rendered nugatory. Further, they argued that
they would suffer irreparable prejudice if a stay was not granted. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PS in SUM 5557, paras 52 and 53.

129 Two cases are instructive on the question of whether a stay should be
granted in cases involving disclosure orders that are ancillary to a Mareva
injunction.

130 The first is the decision by Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in OCM Opportunities
Fund II, LP and others v Buhan Uray (alias Wong Ming Kiong) and others [2004]
4 SLR(R) 74 (“OCM Opportunities”). The defendants had affirmed two sets of
affidavits in compliance with disclosure orders that were granted ancillary to
a Mareva injunction. The plaintiffs applied to cross-examine the defendants on
their affidavits. This order was granted. The defendants appealed against Ang
J’s order for cross-examination and sought a stay of the said order. She
refused to stay the hearing of the application to cross-examine the defendants
pending the determination of the appeal. Recognising that a Mareva injunction
would not be effective without disclosure, she held that the prejudice to the
defendants would be “of a lesser order than the prejudice that the plaintiffs
may suffer if they are unable to police the Mareva order for some time”. At
[46]–[47], Ang J stated:

46 I accept that an order for cross-examination before the appeal is
determined is potentially prejudicial to the defendants. If the defendants are
successful in their appeal, they would have been subjected to cross-
examination on affidavits of assets which would have been wrongly ordered.
Above all, it would not be possible to undo and put right the invasion of
their privacy. Damage would have been done if the order for cross-examination
had been complied with before the appeal to set aside the order was heard.

47 Whilst the defendants may have some prospect of success on appeal the
plaintiffs have, on the other hand, put up a good arguable case on fraud and
dissipation of assets. Unfairness lies only in the possibility that the claim
may be ill-founded, and I have taken this into account in my assessment of the
merits of the plaintiffs’ application to cross-examine. If their claim and
hence the order for a worldwide injunction turns out to be ill-founded, the
defendants will be able to recover their costs and damages suffered, if any,
from the undertaking as to damages which the plaintiffs have been ordered to
fortify. Weighing all the factors, there are grounds for saying that whilst
the prejudice alluded to by Mr Sreenivasan is not illusory, the prejudice to
the defendants is of a lesser order than the prejudice that the plaintiffs may
suffer if they are unable to police the Mareva order for some time. It is an
imposition to subject a defendant to cross-examination, but a Mareva
injunction in normal circumstances simply cannot be effective without that
disclosure.

131 It has been remarked that cross-examination is a powerful and valuable
weapon for testing the veracity of a witness (Mechanical and General
Inventions Company, Limited and Lehwess v Austin and the Austin Motor Company,
Limited [1935] 1 AC 346 at 359). Multiple and sometimes probing questions are
directed at the deponent of the affidavit. It may be said that an order for
cross-examination is more invasive than an order requiring disclosure to be
made on affidavit. Thus, the degree of prejudice that may potentially be faced
by the respondents here, who are only required to satisfy disclosure
obligations, was of a lesser degree than what the defendants in OCM
Opportunities experienced. Moreover, unlike OCM Opportunities, the claim here
has already been established and the Mareva injunction was not the subject of
a challenge. Given the absence of a challenge to the Mareva injunction, there
was no risk that the Mareva injunction might be lifted such that there would
no longer be a need for ancillary disclosure obligations. The main thrust of
the respondents’ submissions for leave to appeal was that the disclosure
obligations were too wide, and not that the orders were entirely defective. As
a result, even if an appeal was allowed against the disclosure orders, there
would only be a change in their scope. This was a factor that I took into
account in determining the degree of prejudice the respondents were likely to
suffer if a stay of execution was refused.

132 Another weighty factor that I took into account was the importance of the
Disclosure Orders in ensuring that the applicants could police the Mareva
injunction. In this regard, the second decision to consider was Motorola
Credit Corporation v Cem Cegiz Uzan [2002] EWCA Civ 989. The defendant applied
to set aside the worldwide freezing order and a stay of the disclosure orders.
Justice Waller refused the stay of the ancillary disclosure orders. His
reasoning centred on the importance of disclosure orders in policing the
accompanying freezing order. He explained at [27]–[29]:

[27] … But the fact that the making of a disclosure order is a very important
part of the Mareva jurisdiction is made clear in a number of authorities, the
most helpful of which so far as this case is concerned is Grupo Torras SA v
Sheikh Fahad Mohammed Al-Sabah (CA, 16.2.94) … That decision was upheld by the
Court of Appeal. There are helpful dicta of Steyn LJ when he identified the
submissions of Mr Andrew Smith QC (as he then was) …

…

[28] Steyn LJ also recognised that undoubtedly there would be prejudice to the
Sheikh in that case if he was forced to disclose his assets and ultimately
managed to set aside the proceedings for want of jurisdiction, but Steyn LJ
emphasised that that was not anywhere near as much prejudice as would be
suffered if the claimant was unable to police the Mareva injunction for some
time. The emphasis in that case, as has been the emphasise [sic] in this case
by Mr Cran, is that whereas at first sight it looks as though the court in
dealing with suspending the supply of this information for only a short period
of time, that is until the hearing of the summons to set aside the freezing
order on 17 July, the reality is that that decision is likely to be appealed
to the Court of Appeal, and indeed it may well go to the House of Lords. The
reality is that if it were suspended now, it would be suspended for a very
great period of time.

[29] … The factors that weigh with me are these. First, although it is an
invasion of privacy to force any party to disclose assets, a freezing order in
normal circumstances simply cannot be effective without that disclosure. Once
one has the situation which did exist in this case, which was that on 13 June
it was accepted that the freezing order should continue, then prima facie
David Steel J is right in saying that a disclosure provision would be the
normal provision so that that freezing order can be properly policed and be
effective.

[emphasis added]

133 While I accepted that any stay, if granted in this case, would not operate
for as long as it might in England (assuming that an appeal was allowed
sometime in the future), the fact remained that the Disclosure Orders were
necessary for the applicants here to police the Mareva injunction. As stated
by Waller J, a Mareva injunction “simply cannot be effective without [the
accompanying] disclosure” [emphasis added].

134 Further, the need to police the Mareva injunction assumed heightened
importance in this case because of the troubling matters disclosed in Mr
Chan’s affidavit tendered on 5 December 2019. In summary, the evidence showed
that Mr Peloso had diluted his shareholdings in SEPL. It was thus necessary
for the stay to be refused to prevent possible future breaches of the Mareva
injunction.

135 Given that the respondents had thus far failed to comply with the
Disclosure Orders, the applicants resorted to a more rudimentary method of
“policing” the Mareva injunction. According to the applicants, they did this
by carrying out business profile searches of the applicants from time to time.
65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Mr Chan’s 16th Affidavit, para 25.

After carrying out a search on 2 December 2019, the applicants discovered that
a new entity, known as UHP Holdings Pte Ltd (“UHP”) was now the holder of
about 51% of the shares in SEPL. It should be noted that Mr Peloso was the
shareholder of about 95.01% shares in SEPL as at 1 August 2019. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Mr Chan’s 20th Affidavit, para 7.

Mr Chan stated on affidavit that SEPL had issued 113,274 ordinary shares to
UHP at an undervalued price of S$0.185 when its usual share price was S$4.08
67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Mr Chan’s 20th Affidavit, para 10.

for a total sum of S$21,000. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Mr Chan’s 20th Affidavit, para 12.

Mr Peloso did not refute this specific allegation in his reply affidavit.

136 The applicants also claimed that there was a link between UHP and Kashish.
As stated above at [36], Mr Peloso alleged that Kashish was a wholly owned
subsidiary of “Kushal Ltd”, an Indian public listed company. A news article
produced by the applicants showed an apparent connection between Kushal Ltd
and UHP, the company that had purchased Mr Peloso’s shares in SEPL. An extract
of the article stated: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Mr Chan’s 20th Affidavit, p 29.

Kushal Ltdhas [sic] informed BSE that the meeting of the Board of Directors of
the Company is scheduled … to consider and approve To deliberate on the Letter
of Intent received from UHP Holdings Pte Ltd., Singapore …. for investment in
Kushal Limited for an amount of USD 140 Million…

[emphasis added]

137 Mr Peloso’s reply affidavit, which sought to explain the above events, was
long on claims and short on details. The explanation provided was also
completely unsatisfactory. In Mr Peloso’s view, the sale of shares was simply
not relevant to Summons No 5557 of 2019 (ie, the leave to appeal application).
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Mr Peloso’s 7th Affidavit, para 6.

Mr Peloso also stated that the S$21,000 was only “upfront consideration” and
that there were anticipated further investments to be made by, among others,
UHP, up to the tune of US$100 million. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Mr Peloso’s 7th affidavit, para 13.

However, no documentary evidence was provided in support of this rather
exaggerated claim. On the relationship between UHP and Kashish (through the
entity Kushal Ltd), Mr Peloso said that he had been informed by UHP that no
such investment was made into Kushal Ltd. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Mr Peloso’s 7th Affidavit, para 14.

Again, there was no documentary evidence in support. For example,
correspondence with a contact from UHP could have been provided. This was not
done.

138 All of these remained of grave concern.

139 Balancing the degree of prejudice that was likely to be faced by both
parties, I held that a stay of execution should not be granted.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judicial Commissioner

Koh Swee Yen, Daniel Liu, Andrew Pflug and Eden Li (WongPartnership LLP) for
the first and second plaintiffs and first to third and fifth defendants in
counterclaim;  
Jennifer Sia Pei Ru Mrs Jennifer Nicolau, Rezvana Fairouse d/o Mazhardeen and
Ng Lip Chih (NLC Law Asia LLC) for the first and second defendants and
plaintiff in counterclaim.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

