Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singaporE

[2020] SGHC 219

Suit No 1151 of 2017

Between

(1)| Zuraimi bin Mohamed Dahlan  
---|---  
(2)| Elly Sabrina binte Ismail  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Zulkarnine B Hafiz  
---|---  
(2)| Masmunah bte Abdullah  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Companies] — [Fraudulently inducing investment]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraudulent]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Zuraimi bin Mohamed Dahlan and another

  
v

  

Zulkarnine B Hafiz and another

[2020] SGHC 219

High Court — Suit No 1151 of 2017  
Chan Seng Onn J  
15, 17, 18, 22–25 June, 24 August 2020

12 October 2020 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 Investments always carry risk. When the risk pays off, the investor will not
cavil. If, however, the venture goes awry, the seeds of dispute are sown and
may blossom into a full-blown civil suit. But when can an investor pin its
losses arising out of the failed investment on the promoter of the investment?
Where does the law consider to be the line between an overzealous business
pitch gone bad and an outright fraud? And when can the promoter be considered
to have crossed the Rubicon between the former and the latter?

2 These are questions that arise in the present suit. The first plaintiff,
Zuraimi bin Mohamed Dahlan, and the second plaintiff, Elly Sabrina binte
Ismail, invested a total of $1m in companies owned and/or run by the
defendants. These companies are in the halal food and beverage (“F&B”)
industry, and are as follows: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim dated 8 December 2017 (“SoC”) at para 2.

(a) Mamanda Pte Ltd (“Mamanda”), a Malay-themed restaurant offering authentic
Malay cuisine;

(b) Fig & Olive Café Pte Ltd (“Fig & Olive”), an online catering business
specialising in Mediterranean-style, healthy tiffin meal deliveries;

(c) Kedai Kopi Pak Dollah Pte Ltd (“Kedai”), an online tiffin and catering
business; and

(d) Beta Bakerie Pte Ltd (“Beta”), a bakery that ceased operations around
September 2017.

Collectively, I refer to these entities as the “Companies”. The first
defendant, Zulkarnine B Hafiz, is a shareholder and director of all the
Companies. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SoC at para 2; Defence dated 26 January 2018 (“Defence”) at paras 3 and 5.

The second defendant, Masmunah bte Abdullah, is a director and shareholder of
Kedai, a director of Fig & Olive, and a shareholder of Beta and Mamanda. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defence at paras 4 and 5; Second defendant’s AEIC dated 23 October 2019 (“2DF
AEIC”) at para 4.

The first and second defendants are husband and wife. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SoC at at para 3; Defence at para 2.

3 The plaintiffs allege that the defendants made seven distinct
misrepresentations to them (see [9] below), which induced them to make their
investments in the aforementioned Companies. After the investments were made,
the business of the Companies took a turn for the worse. As a result, the
plaintiffs made a loss on their investments. Consequently, the plaintiffs
brought the present action against the defendants, claiming that the latter
induced them to make investments in the Companies. Specifically, they assert
that the defendants made several fraudulent misrepresentations in the course
of negotiations, representing inter alia that the Companies were in a better
financial/commercial position than they actually were. Accordingly, the
plaintiffs claim from the defendants the sum of $1m, ie, the total value of
their initial investments.

4 With respect to each of the representations made by the defendants, there
are broadly speaking five issues that require determination.

(a) What was the precise representation made by the defendants to the
plaintiffs?

(b) Was the representation fraudulently made?

(c) Did the representation induce the plaintiffs to invest in the Companies?

(d) If (b) and (c) are answered in the affirmative, then what is the
plaintiff’s loss?

(e) Alternatively, and assuming either of (b), (c) or (d) is answered in the
negative, is an action under s 2 of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994
Rev Ed) (“Misrepresentation Act”) made out?

To the extent that several narrower lines of inquiry have been identified by
the parties, these have been subsumed under the five issues listed above.

5 Having considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I dismiss this
suit with costs to the defendants. In this Judgment, I will set out the
reasons for my decision.

The facts

Background

6 The plaintiffs are medical practitioners and have been in practice for over
25 years. They claim to have “considerable reputation and standing” in the
Muslim community. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

First plaintiff’s AEIC dated 22 October 2019 (“1PF AEIC”) at para 5.

The plaintiffs first became acquainted with the defendants sometime in August
2014, during a dinner at the restaurant Mamanda located at 73 Sultan Gate
(“Mamanda Restaurant”). The first defendant introduced himself as the owner of
Mamanda Restaurant.

7 Thereafter, in April 2015, the plaintiffs approached the defendants,
proposing that Fig & Olive be one of the sponsors of the plaintiffs’ “Geng
Sihat” activities. The defendants agreed. It was at or about this time that
the defendants first shared with the plaintiffs their ideas and aspirations in
relation to the Companies. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

2DF AEIC at para 27.

Negotiations between the parties

8 Sometime between October and December 2015, the defendants had several
meetings with the plaintiffs. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defence at para 11.

At these meetings, the defendants brought up the topic of raising capital for
the Companies in order to facilitate expansion of the respective businesses. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SoC at para 4.

According to the defendants, these plans for expansion had already been
underway before the parties were acquainted with each other, and there had
been earlier investors in some of the Companies. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

2DF AEIC at paras 30 and 31.

In other words, the plaintiffs were not the first prospective investors that
the defendants approached.

9 The plaintiffs allege that the defendants made the following representations
in the course of their meetings in late-2015: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SoC at para 5.

(a) the Companies had an aggregate valuation in excess of $10m (“the valuation
representation”);

(b) the Companies were not in any debt or arrears (“the debt representation”);

(c) the Companies did not have any bank or shareholder loans (“the loans
representation”);

(d) the plaintiffs would receive guaranteed capital return on their
investments in the Companies (“the capital return representation”);

(e) the plaintiffs would receive dividends on their investments in the
Companies, which would be paid annually by electronic transfer (“the dividends
representation”);

(f) the plaintiffs’ investments would be used solely for the purposes of
future projects and business expansion and will not be used to repay any debts
or arrears of the Companies (“the investment utilisation representation”); and

(g) the Companies would be bought over by and form the subsidiaries of a
parent company known as Beta Global Limited (“Beta Global”), which would be
listed on the stock exchange (“the Beta Global representation”).

I refer to these seven representations collectively as “the alleged
Representations”.

10 During the meetings between October and December 2015, the plaintiffs were
also shown the prospectuses of the Companies. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

2DF AEIC at paras 29 and 32; 1PF AEIC at para 14 and pp 36 to 49; NEs, 15 June
2020, page 38, lines 7 to 11.

These prospectuses detailed, amongst other things, the vision of each of the
Companies, actual figures for revenue, cost of sale, profit and loss for the
years 2013 and 2014 for Mamanda, other detailed financial projections for
Mamanda and the rest of the Companies, and descriptions of the nature of the
F&B industry. I will refer to these individually according to the specific
company to which each prospectus concerns (eg, the “Mamanda prospectus”), and
collectively as “the Prospectuses”. Powerpoint presentations were also given
by the defendants to the plaintiffs and other potential investors concerning
the Companies, the future plans and the roadmap to listing for them.

The plaintiffs’ investments

11 Satisfied with the defendants’ proposals, the plaintiffs made payment of
the investment sum of $1m in favour of the Companies. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defence at para 12; SoC at para 11.

The $1m investment sum was spread out among the different Companies as
follows. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

2DF AEIC at paras 17 and 35; 1PF AEIC at para 21; Defence at paras 23, 26, 29,
32, and 43; Reply at para 10.

(a) Mamanda: $200,000. The second plaintiff paid $100,000 via a cheque on 20
November 2015. The first plaintiff paid the outstanding $100,000 via a cheque
on 29 January 2016.

(b) Fig & Olive: $300,000. This sum was paid on 29 January 2016 via two
cheques of $150,000 each (one cheque from each plaintiff).

(c) Kedai: $300,000. This sum was paid on 29 January 2016 via two cheques of
$150,000 each (one cheque from each plaintiff).

(d) Beta: $200,000. This sum was paid on 29 January 2016 via two cheques of
$100,000 each (one cheque from each plaintiff).

12 Pursuant to each of the aforementioned payments, the plaintiffs also signed
investor agreements with the Companies. A total of eight agreements were
entered into, as follows. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1PF AEIC at paras 21 and 22.

(a) The first plaintiff entered into one investment agreement with each of the
Companies. All four investment agreements are dated 29 January 2016.

(b) The second plaintiff likewise entered into one investment agreement with
each of the Companies:

(i) the investment agreement with Mamanda is dated 20 November 2015; and

(ii) the investment agreements with the three remaining Companies are dated 29
January 2016.

I refer to these eight agreements collectively as the “Investment Agreements”.

13 The plaintiffs’ investments in Fig & Olive, Kedai and Beta were used to
open a brick-and-mortar outlet at 76 Shenton Way, shared by the businesses
owned by these three entities. Business opened at 76 Shenton Way on or about
16 April 2016. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

2DF AEIC at paras 75 and 76.

The breakdown in the parties’ relationship

14 The businesses of Beta, Kedai and Fig & Olive suffered after opening.
Operations at 76 Shenton Way were shut on or about 27 September 2017. Mamanda
was however relatively unaffected by the collapse of the other three
businesses, and continued to operate at 73 Sultan Gate. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defence at paras 48 to 51; 2DF AEIC at para 82.

15 As a result, the plaintiffs requested the defendants to transfer their
shares in Beta, Kedai and Fig & Olive to Mamanda. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

2DF AEIC at paras 83 to 85; NEs, 17 June 2020, page 105, line 9 to page 106,
line 1.

For reasons that have not been made clear, this transfer was never completed;
the defendants allege that this is because the plaintiffs failed to respond to
their WhatsApp messages, and did not sign the share allotment papers with
respect to the Companies. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

2DF AEIC at para 86.

16 On 13 November 2017, the plaintiffs’ solicitors sent the defendants a
letter of demand, asking for repayment of the sum of $1m. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1PF AEIC at para 39.

The parties’ cases

17 I canvass the parties’ cases in broad strokes at this point. This case
inevitably turns on a detailed analysis of the specific representations that
were made, their nature, and the effect that such representations had on the
plaintiffs. It is at that juncture (ie, during my detailed analysis) that I
will expound on the parties’ cases in full where relevant.

18 The plaintiffs’ case is that the alleged Representations were made
fraudulently. Each of the alleged Representations had been made either
expressly or impliedly. The defendants did not believe, and could not
reasonably have believed, in the truth of the statements they made. In the
alternative, the plaintiffs rely on s 2 of the Misrepresentation Act – under
this regime, the burden is on the defendants to show that they reasonably
believed in the truth of their representations.

19 The defendants deny making many of the alleged Representations. They rely
heavily on the Prospectuses, which included statements that contradict the
plaintiffs’ allegations. The defendants also argue that the plaintiffs were
not induced by the alleged Representations to make the investments in the
companies. The plaintiffs made their investments relying “upon their own
judgment and/or upon their own inquiries”, and not upon any statement or
representations made by the defendants. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defence at para 6.

In submissions, the defendants also point out the lack of clarity in several
of the plaintiffs’ allegations. In the alternative, the defendants argue that
the plaintiffs (a) suffered no loss; (b) suffered losses that were too remote;
(c) failed to mitigate their loss; and/or (d) are liable for contribution, ie,
they caused their own loss and have to bear the consequences. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defence at paras 62 to 65.

The plaintiffs’ claims for fraudulent misrepresentation

20 The law on fraudulent misrepresentation is relatively uncontroversial, and
most cases, including the present, hinge on a close analysis of the facts and
surrounding circumstances. The seminal decision of the Court of Appeal in
Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435
(“Panatron”) remains good law today. To prove fraudulent misrepresentation, a
plaintiff must show that (at [14]):

(a) there was a representation of fact made by words or conduct;

(b) the representation was made with the intention that it should be acted
upon by the plaintiff;

(c) the plaintiff acted upon the false statement;

(d) the plaintiff suffered damage by doing so; and

(e) the representation was made fraudulently, ie, the representors must have
made the representation while knowing that it was false, or at least without
any genuine belief in the truth of the said representation.

21 The fifth element stated at [20(e)] above is of particular importance. As
emphasised by the Court of Appeal in Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve
(sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3
SLR 801 at [37]:

37 … it is the representor’s own (subjective) belief that is crucial … the
court cannot substitute its own view as to what it thinks the representor’s
belief was … even if a reasonable person would think that the belief the
representor claimed to have had at the time he or she made the statement in
question was unreasonable, that would not thereby render that particular
statement fraudulent if the representor honestly believed in what he or she
was representing …

[emphasis in original]

This facet of the inquiry is crucial because it places front and centre the
question of the representor’s subjective state of mind – this is the pivotal
question in any case involving accusations of fraud. It must be shown that the
representor was not merely careless, but dishonest.

22 I proceed with my analysis addressing each of the alleged Representations
in turn. As will be made clear, for reasons specific to each of the alleged
Representations, all of the plaintiffs’ claims are unviable.

The valuation representation

What was the representation made by the defendants

23 The first issue in relation to the valuation representation is what the
precise representation made by the defendants was. The plaintiffs have not
maintained a consistent case in this regard. As the defendants rightly point
out, the plaintiffs’ position in their pleadings is different from that in
their affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEICs”); their position also appears
to differ from that stated in a letter from plaintiffs’ counsel to the
defendants. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 17 August 2020 (“Defendants’ Closing
Submissions”) at paras 33 to 38.

Chiefly, the discrepancy lies in whether the $10m valuation was made with
respect to Mamanda only, or vis-à-vis the Companies collectively. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 34.

24 I am persuaded that the valuation representation was made with respect to
Mamanda only, ie, the defendants represented that Mamanda had a valuation of
$10m. This is corroborated by what is stated in the Mamanda prospectus: “We
are looking to dilute 10% of our shares for SGD$1M@ SGD$100k per lot”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

2DF AEIC at Exhibit MBA at p 89.

If the shares are offered for sale without a premium to its valuation and 10%
of the shares of Mamanda is priced at $1m, it essentially means that Mamanda
as a company or 100% of its shares has been valued by the defendants at $10m.
Normally, investors will be adverse to buying shares at a premium to
valuation, and sellers will be adverse to selling shares at a discount to
valuation. As such, offering shares for sale at a price based on a fair
valuation of a company is normally acceptable to all parties.

25 During cross-examination, the first plaintiff appears to have accepted that
the plaintiffs were buying shares in Mamanda at a price based on the
defendants’ own valuation of Mamanda at $10m 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NEs, 15 June 2020, page 39, lines 25 to 28.

and, therefore, the shares were not sold to them at a price that was at a
premium to valuation. The second plaintiff also understood at the material
time that the defendants were basically pricing to sell Mamanda at $10m. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NEs, 18 June 2020, page 22, lines 13 to 24.

26 The valuation provided by the defendants therein clearly pertains to
Mamanda only. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

2DF AEIC at Exhibit MBA at p 89.

While all the Companies are mentioned, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

2DF AEIC at Exhibit MBA at p 87.

the pitch centres on Mamanda’s reputation, financial standing and revenue
model. The other three Companies are mentioned only as part of “Future Plans
Company Structure”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

2DF AEIC at Exhibit MBA at p 87.

27 Importantly, the plaintiffs do not dispute that, as part of the defendants’
business pitch, they were shown the Prospectuses prior to the signing of the
Investment Agreements. It would accordingly have been patently clear to the
plaintiffs that any representation made with respect to the $10m valuation
would have been with respect to Mamanda only. I thus proceed with my analysis
on this premise, based on which I will assess, inter alia, whether the
valuation representation is actionable.

Whether the valuation representation is an actionable misrepresentation

28 I do not find the valuation representation to be an actionable
misrepresentation, principally because I consider it to be a statement of
opinion by the defendants. It is pertinent to note at this juncture that the
first plaintiff accepts that he was told by the first defendant that the
valuation of $10m for Mamanda was the first defendant’s own valuation and not
one performed by a professional valuer. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NEs, 15 June 2020, page 34, lines 23 to 32.

If the first defendant had represented that the $10m valuation was furnished
by a professional valuer when it was not in fact so, then it would be a false
statement of fact by the defendants giving rise to an actionable
misrepresentation. It is clear therefore to the plaintiffs that the $10m
valuation was the defendants’ subjective valuation of their own company,
Mamanda, and they were offering potential investors (including the plaintiffs)
the opportunity to buy shares in Mamanda without a premium to their subjective
valuation of $10m for Mamanda.

29 Preliminarily, I am not persuaded by the defendants’ contention that the
valuation representation was mere puff. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 42 to 47.

Mere puff, as established in case law, is reserved for a particular type of
self-evidently hyperbolic representation (see Kong Chee Chui and others v Soh
Ghee Hong [2014] SGHC 8). It refers to the classic “hard sell” made off-the-
cuff by a salesman. It does not encompass representations such as the
valuation representation that has been linked to the sale price for Mamanda’s
shares. The statement made by the defendants indeed forms the very basis for
the defendants’ pricing of the shares being offered to potential investors, as
can be seen from the Mamanda prospectus. It is not something flimsy, imprecise
and to be regarded as mere puff. Investment promoters such as the defendants
cannot simply go around expressing in hyperbolic terms the value (in millions,
no less) of an enterprise – indeed, they did not. The purport and tenor of
such conversations are far more serious than a salesman making an off-hand
pitch. A representation of this nature does not fit neatly alongside the
“[e]ulogistic commendation[s]” that are commonly recognised as puff: see Tan
Chin Seng and others v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd [2002] SGHC 278 at [33].

30 That said, the valuation representation is a statement of opinion, and not
of fact. It is trite that as a general rule, statements of opinion do not
constitute actionable misrepresentations: see Bestland Development Pte Ltd v
Thasin Development Pte Ltd [1991] SGHC 27 (“Bestland”); Goldrich Venture Pte
Ltd and another v Halcyon Offshore Pte Ltd [2015] 3 SLR 990 at [107]. Business
persons looking for investors, as the defendants were, will surely have in
mind as part of their investment pitch their honest belief of what the value
of their company is. Such a belief would be informed by, inter alia, the
relevant company’s historical performance, revenue figures, reputation,
forecasted growth, and other revenue and financial projections including the
nature of that segment of the market the company is operating in. That is
precisely what happened in this case. The defendants, based on an assessment
of Mamanda’s business (as evinced in the Mamanda prospectus), 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

2DF AEIC at Exhibit MBA at p 88.

formed their subjective opinion on Mamanda’s valuation. It is this opinion
that was conveyed to the plaintiffs.

31 The defendants rightly acknowledge that, under certain circumstances, a
statement of opinion could well amount to an actionable misrepresentation. As
per Chao Hick Tin J (as he then was) in Bestland, where the person expressing
the opinion did not hold such an opinion, or could not, as a reasonable man
having his knowledge of the facts, honestly have held it, the statement of
opinion may be regarded as a statement of fact. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 27.

This is, in substance, a manifestation of the requirement that the representor
must be shown to have been dishonest in his/her statement of opinion (see also
[21] above) before he/she can be held to have made an actionable
misrepresentation.

32 However, such circumstances do not exist here. The defendants submit (in
the alternative) that the $10m valuation was a statement of opinion that was
reasonably and honestly held by them. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 48.

I am persuaded that the plaintiffs have not proved on a balance of
probabilities that the defendants were dishonest or unreasonable in their
subjective valuation of $10m for Mamanda. The defendants did not wilfully
masquerade their opinion under the guise of the false fact that it was a
professional valuation. There is no evidence whatsoever of the defendants
having produced forged or inaccurate invoices or using inflated accounts of
past profits to support their valuation with the intention to deceive the
plaintiffs. The plaintiffs have also not proven that the “Actual Figures” for
the financial years 2013 and 2014 stated in the Mamanda prospectus were
inaccurate in any material sense. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

2DF AEIC at Exhibit MBA at p 88.

The projections of estimated revenue and costs for future years (ie, 2015 to
2017) in the Mamanda prospectus have not been demonstrated to me to be far-
fetched and clearly unachievable. On hindsight, the defendants could perhaps
be said to be too optimistic in their projections, but that is not the correct
basis to find an actionable misrepresentation. Given the facts known to the
defendants at the time the projections were made, there is, on balance,
insufficient evidence for me to conclude that the defendants have been
dishonest in their projections or that they could not reasonably have believed
that their projections were at all realistic. Basically, I do not find that
the defendants had been dishonest in their projections on revenue and growth,
which resulted in their valuation of $10m for Mamanda.

33 Indeed, the sparseness of the plaintiffs’ pleadings is telling. In the
Statement of Claim, the plaintiffs simply assert that the representations were
made fraudulently, without providing any particulars or facts demonstrating
why this is so. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SoC at para 8.

No facts have been pleaded demonstrating the plaintiffs’ dishonesty. Nor are
there any supporting facts pleaded evincing that the defendants, at the time
the valuation representation was made, must have known that (a) the valuation
representation was false, or (b) the financial forecasts or projections (based
on relevant facts that were already known to them) were unrealistic or
unsupportable, and if regarded as a statement of opinion, could not have been
an opinion that was reasonably or honestly held by them.

34 The expert evidence supports my findings above. Expert witnesses were
called by both sides to provide their respective valuations of Mamanda, which
should have been as at the time the alleged valuation representation was made.
The defendants’ expert, Mr Ambar Agustono bin Macfoedy, values Mamanda at
approximately $10m. The defendants’ expert used the discounted cash-flow
(“DCF”) method, which took into account the defendants’ projections for 2016
and 2017 as set out in the Mamanda prospectus. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 55 and 56.

Five things are pertinent.

(a) The Mamanda prospectus was available at the time the valuation
representation was made.

(b) The plaintiffs have not been able to demonstrate through their expert
witness, Ms Grace Lui Kit Ying, that the projected figures in the Mamanda
prospectus are extremely unrealistic or wholly lacking in any material sense.
This is because she (the plaintiffs’ expert) was not provided with the Mamanda
prospectus and had therefore not focused on this aspect in her valuation
analysis and expert report.

(c) The plaintiffs’ expert accepts that the DCF method or the “Income
Approach” (adopted by the defendants’ expert), which calculates the net
present value of the expected future cash flows and therefore relies heavily
on the past and projected revenue and cost figures set out in the Mamanda
prospectus, is the “primary” method of valuation when a young company (such as
Mamanda) with growth potential is involved. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NEs, 22 June 2020, page 53, lines 11 to 19.

(d) The plaintiffs’ expert further agrees with the approximate $10m valuation
arrived at by the defendants’ expert for Mamanda as at October 2015 (ie,
around the time of the alleged valuation representation) based on the revenue
and cost figures stated in the Mamanda prospectus, which provides “Actual
Figures” that were then available only for 2013 and 2014 but not for 2015 to
2017, which necessarily had to be “Projected Figures”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NEs, 22 June 2020, page 21 line 2 to page 22 line 1.

(e) The plaintiffs’ expert used the “Guideline Public Company Multiples
Method” or the “Market Approach” for her valuation as she did not have access
to any of Mamanda’s financial projections. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NEs, 22 June 2020, page 49, lines 4 to 6 and lines 20 to 22.

This leads me to the inference that, had she been given the financial
projections, she would have applied the DCF method (identical to that adopted
by the defendants’ expert) since Mamanda is a young company with growth
potential.

35 Accordingly, I am inclined to accept the defendants’ expert’s valuation.
The defendants’ expert’s valuation essentially demonstrates that the
defendants were not far off or unreasonable in their subjective valuation of
$10m for Mamanda based on certain assumptions of projected revenue and cost
estimates. I cannot infer any dishonesty in the defendants’ subjective
valuation for Mamanda.

36 In contrast, I am not persuaded by the plaintiffs’ expert’s low valuation
of Mamanda at $1.86m. First, as mentioned, the plaintiffs’ expert was not
provided with a copy of the Mamanda prospectus and, therefore, she did not
have any of the revenue and cost projections set out therein to work on or to
ascertain the reasonableness of those projections. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NEs, 22 June 2020, page 5, lines 16 to 17; page 12, lines 8 to 10.

It bears emphasis that the plaintiffs’ expert had to adopt the “Market
Approach” instead (which she would not have used if she had the Mamanda
prospectus) in order to value Mamanda. The “Market Approach” is basically an
application of the “EV/EBITDA ratio” of comparable companies with similar
business activities to assist in the valuation process. “EV/EBITDA ratio” is
the “Enterprise Value/Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and
Amortisation” ratio. The plaintiffs’ expert used the unaudited financial
statements for the years 2013 to 2016 (ie, 31 March 2013 to 31 March 2016 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NEs, 22 June 2020, page 4 lines 3 to 5, and lines 19 to 25.

) to obtain the weighted average EBITDA of Mamanda for 2014 to 2016 from which
she computed the “EV” or enterprise value of Mamanda from the average
“EV/EBITDA ratio” of comparable companies. That was how she arrived at her
valuation of Mamanda as at 31 March 2016 (which is in any event not
appropriate because it is a date well after the alleged valuation
representation). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NEs, 22 June 2020, page 6 lines 15 and 16.

37 The technicalities of the market approach aside, a critical flaw in the
plaintiffs’ expert’s methodology is that, in reaching her valuation, she made
use of Mamanda’s unaudited financial statement for 2016, which was not
available to the defendants at the time the valuation representation was made.
I may add that the unaudited financial statement for 2015 might also not have
been available at the time of the preparation of the Mamanda prospectus, which
is the reason why only the “Actual Figures” for 2013 and 2014 were provided
and the rest were “Projected Figures”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Bundle of Affidavits (Volume 1) p 39.

The use of factual information unavailable then to the defendants must be
eschewed, given that what is critical is what a person in the defendants’
shoes in October 2015 (ie, the time of the valuation representation) would
have known or reasonably foreseen, and how such an individual would have
valued Mamanda. It is with this perspective that the defendants made the
valuation representation.

38 The principle that “hindsight information” ought not to be relied upon may
be gleaned from the decision of Vinodh Coomaraswamy J in Poh Fu Tek and others
v Lee Shung Guan and others [2018] 4 SLR 425 at [49]–[53]. Coomaraswamy J held
that, in the valuation of a company, “hindsight information” (ie, information
that post-dates the fixed valuation date) ought to be taken into account only
when such information is required to achieve a “fairer result” and in order to
remedy effects of oppression. Absent such exceptional circumstances that call
for such an approach (ie, considering information that was not available at
the valuation date), only information that was available or reasonably known
at the valuation date ought to be taken into account. Given that (a) Mamanda’s
valuation in this case does not concern any finding of oppression; and (b) the
plaintiffs have not shown how taking into account the “hindsight information”
would lead to a “fairer result”, it is self-evident that no exceptional
circumstances exist that warrant the use of such “hindsight information” for
the present misrepresentation action. For the reasons aforesaid, I reject the
plaintiffs’ expert’s valuation.

39 To be clear, my analysis of the experts’ valuations above are, in any
event, not dispositive of the issue. They serve only to reinforce my findings
on the defendants’ bona fide behaviour. The expert valuations need not be
identical to the defendants’ $10m valuation. In so far as the evidence of the
defendants’ expert provides some basis to support the defendants’ valuation of
Mamanda, it buttresses the notion that the defendants were honest. If the
expert evidence accepted by the court demonstrates a valuation of Mamanda that
is a far cry from $10m, that may constitute reasonable grounds to suspect that
the defendants had no honest belief in their own valuation representation –
this, however, is not the case.

40 I accordingly dismiss the plaintiffs’ claim on the valuation
representation.

The debt representation

41 The defendants rightly point out in written closing submissions that the
plaintiffs have not maintained a consistent story as to what the defendants
had expressed to them vis-à-vis this specific debt representation. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 62.

(a) From the Statement of Claim, it appears that the debt representation
pertains to all of the Companies, ie, that none of the Companies were in debt
at the time the investments were made. However, at trial, it became clear that
the plaintiffs’ gripe was with respect to Mamanda only – their unhappiness lay
in the fact that their investments in Mamanda had been used to pay off loans
that Mamanda took from “previous investors”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NEs, 15 June 2020, page 67 lines 1 to 32.

According to the plaintiffs, this meant that Mamanda was in debt, and that the
defendants had falsely represented that Mamanda was debt-free.

(b) No evidence of any debts owed by the other three Companies has been
adduced. The plaintiffs, in this respect, may have conflated “debts” with
“losses”. The plaintiffs argue in closing submissions that, because the
defendants failed to disclose that Beta had made losses of about $154,000
prior to the date of the plaintiffs’ investments, this meant that the
defendants’ representation that the Companies were not in debt was false. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 17 August 2020 at para 25.

This argument demonstrates a fundamental and basic misconception: losses are
not debts. That Beta (and indeed the other Companies) had been making losses
when starting out is normal – businesses need time to take off. That was in
fact the first defendant’s evidence. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NEs, 23 June 2020, page 103 line 27 to page 104 line 25.

These losses were incurred in the course of business and are not debts in the
sense of sums owed to creditors.

I accordingly restrict my analysis on the debt representation to Mamanda.

42 The Mamanda prospectus is of particular significance and strongly suggests
that the defendants did not make the debt representation as alleged:

(a) first, the Mamanda prospectus clearly states that Mamanda “started humbly
with a project loan of SGD$700k”; 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

1PF AEIC at p 35.

(b) second, it states that Mamanda “ha[s] made prompt monthly repayments to
[its] debtors for the last 3 years”, and that it “ha[s] made full repayments
to some upon maturity” [emphasis added]; 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

1PF AEIC at p 35.

and

(c) third, it also states that 50% of the money raised from investors (ie, the
plaintiffs) “will be use[d] to pay off some of [Mamanda’s] project financing”.
51

##### Foot Note 51

×

1PF AEIC at p 38.

43 The plaintiffs both confirm that they read the Mamanda prospectus and were
aware of the existence of the loan taken up by Mamanda. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NEs, 15 June 2020, page 71, lines 4 to 6; NEs, 17 June 2020, page 169, lines 4
to 8.

When questioned on whether they knew that the loan was still outstanding at
the time they made their investments, neither plaintiff provided a
satisfactory answer. For example, the first plaintiff simply alleged that
“according to [the defendants], they didn’t have any debts and I took their
word”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NEs, 15 June 2020, page 71, lines 10 to 11.

The second plaintiff could only repeatedly insist that “[i]t didn’t occur to
[her]” that at least a part of the $700,000 loan taken out by Mamanda was
still outstanding. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NEs, 17 June 2020, page 172, lines 1 to 15; page 173, line 22.

These are unbelievable explanations – the relevant portions of the Mamanda
prospectus, as reproduced above, are clear on their face that there is an
outstanding loan.

44 Accordingly, taking into account the unequivocal statement in the Mamanda
prospectus, there is only one inexorable conclusion – the plaintiffs were
informed at least via the Mamanda prospectus and knew that Mamanda was in debt
or had debts before they made their investments. With this in mind, their case
fails for two cumulative reasons.

(a) First, I am not persuaded on a balance of probabilities that the
defendants made the debt representation as alleged, ie, I do not believe that
the defendants stated that Mamanda has no debts at all. The second defendant
accepts that they conveyed to the plaintiffs that “all four companies [did
not] have bank loans except for vehicle loan[s]”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NEs, 24 June 2020, page 130, lines 17 to 21.

But critically, the defendants did not represent that Mamanda had never taken
up the $700,000 fund-raising loan. If the defendants had made such a
representation, it would have been immediately obvious to the plaintiffs that
such a representation was inconsistent with the Mamanda prospectus, which the
plaintiffs had read prior to making their investments. The plaintiffs would
have then, sensibly, sought clarifications. In fact, given the size of the
investments, the plaintiffs would surely have clarified the position; indeed,
the first defendant’s evidence at trial is that he clarified with the
plaintiffs prior to the making of their investments that the $700,000 fund-
raising loan might have been partially paid up at that point in time
(end-2015), but not fully paid. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NEs, 24 June 2020, page 30, lines 11 to 20.

I accept the first defendant’s evidence – his statement in this regard is
consistent with what is stated in the Mamanda prospectus, which the plaintiffs
had sight of (see [42] above).

(b) Second, that being the case, what the defendants did represent was that
Mamanda was not in debt, but subject to the clear and obvious qualification
that the $700,000 project loan was the exception to that statement. The
defendants never tried to hide the fact that the loan existed – it is
mentioned front and centre in the Mamanda prospectus, which the plaintiffs had
sight of. While the defendants’ evidence on whether they had verbally informed
the plaintiffs about the $700,000 loan is somewhat unclear, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NEs, 24 June 2020, page 132 line 27 to page 133 line 9; NEs, 24 June 2020,
page 30, lines 11 to 14.

this is immaterial given the clarity of the Mamanda prospectus. Indeed, the
second defendant’s position is that she did not convey this information
verbally to the plaintiffs because she considered them “educated people”, and
felt that “[t]hey should read [the Prospectuses]”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NEs, 24 June 2020, page 133, lines 2 to 9.

Bearing this in mind, it is pertinent that there is no evidence of any other
debt incurred by Mamanda – as indicated earlier, the Statement of Claim is
extremely sparse as regards the details of the allegations of fraud/falsity
(see [33] above). The clear disclosure made of the $700,000 project loan would
have neutralised the effect of the falsity (if any) of any representation made
by the defendants on this issue.

45 Accordingly, I find that the plaintiffs’ case in respect of the debt
representation is not made out. I accept that the defendants had at all times
maintained that the Companies were not in debt or arrears except for Mamanda
due to its first-round fund-raising from lenders. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defence at para 38.

There is no false representation.

The loans representation

46 The plaintiffs’ allegation in this regard is that the defendants
represented that they did not have any bank or shareholder loans. For reasons
provided in the preceding paragraphs, the fund-raising loan of $700,000 does
not assist the plaintiffs. It is clear from the Mamanda prospectus and the
parties’ evidence at trial that the plaintiffs knew of the existence of this
loan and, despite this, went ahead to make their investments in the Companies.
The defendants never concealed the existence of this loan. The question then
is whether the Companies had taken up other bank loans or shareholder loans.

47 With respect to bank loans, the first plaintiff confirmed during cross-
examination that he wished to retract this portion of his pleadings (ie, in
paragraph 7(c) of the Statement of Claim). 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NEs, 17 June 2020, page 75 line 26 to page 76 line 2.

I hence disregard this allegation.

48 As for shareholder loans, it is unclear from the Statement of Claim what
“loans” the plaintiffs are referring to. Again, in this respect, the pleadings
are sparse (see [33] above). Apart from the fund-raising $700,000 loan, there
is simply no evidence of any shareholder loan. Accordingly, and given that the
burden of proof is on the plaintiffs to show that such loans exist, this claim
must fail. The only loans the defendants admit to taking up are vehicle hire
purchase loans, which are loans reasonably incurred in the ordinary course of
business; 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defence at para 39.

these do not aid the plaintiffs as they are not shareholder loans.

49 On a final note, while the plaintiffs make further allegations in their
AEICs relating to directors’ loans, this has not been pleaded – the Statement
of Claim refers only to bank and shareholder loans. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 87.

I therefore do not consider this allegation.

The capital return representation

50 This claim may be dealt with briefly. During trial, the first plaintiff
confirmed that he was retracting paragraph 5(d) of the Statement of Claim. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NEs, 17 June 2020, page 3, lines 7 to 15.

He did so in light of his acknowledgment of the disclaimer in the
Prospectuses, which states, inter alia, that “[i]nvesting involves a great
deal of risk, including the loss of all or a portion of your investment”
[emphasis added]. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 91; 1PF AEIC at p 34.

Conceivably, the first plaintiff understood that his allegation in this regard
simply could not square with the documentary evidence available. The second
plaintiff did not appear to adopt a different course of action during trial;
nor could she explain how the capital return representation, if made, could be
reconciled with the existence of the aforementioned disclaimer in the
Prospectuses. I hence dismiss this portion of the plaintiffs’ claim.

The dividends representation

51 The plaintiffs’ case in this regard fails because the dividends
representation pertains to a future event. It is a statement made by the
defendants that the plaintiffs may in future, after making investments in the
Companies, receive dividends. Existing case law makes it clear that actionable
misrepresentations cannot bear elements of futurity. In this respect, it is
worth reiterating the words of the Court of Appeal in Tan Chin Seng and others
v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 307 (“Raffles Town Club”) at [21]:

21 … A representation… relates to some existing fact or some past event. It
implies a factum, not a faciendum, and since it contains no element of
futurity it must be distinguished from a statement of intention. An
affirmation of the truth of a fact is different from a promise to do something
in futuro, and produces different legal consequences. This distinction is of
practical importance. …

52 This point of law has been reiterated in numerous cases (see for example
Deutsche Bank AG v Chang Tse Wen [2013] 1 SLR 1310 at [93], citing Bestland
([30] supra)). What is clear is that there is a crucial distinction between
actionable misrepresentations and a future promise. In the context of
commercial contracts, a claim relating to the latter (a future promise of
commercial returns) would fall more properly into the realm of contractual
terms and the enforcement of the same. This could manifest in a claim in, for
example, breach of contract (and not misrepresentation). Breach of contract,
however, is not the plaintiff’s pleaded case; their pleadings are solely
limited to a claim based on various misrepresentations.

53 For completeness, I simply note that any claim in contract would have its
own obvious problems as well, given that (and as pointed out by the
defendants) dividends must be paid out of profits. The plaintiffs would have
difficulty showing that there were available profits from which such dividends
could be paid out pursuant to cl 2 of the Investment Agreements. Their claim
in contract would thus also have been hamstrung. I say no more on this issue,
given that a claim for breach of contract has not been pleaded.

The investment utilisation representation

54 The plaintiffs’ case on this representation suffers from multiple
difficulties. Preliminarily, as clarified at trial, the plaintiffs’ case is
that this representation pertained to Mamanda only, ie, the representation was
that the plaintiffs’ investments would be used only for the purposes of future
projects and business expansion, and will not be used to repay any debts or
arrears of Mamanda. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NEs, 17 June 2020, page 167 line 11 to page 168, line 18.

Accordingly, the Statement of Claim is demonstrably incorrect in so far as it
characterises the investment utilisation representation as one pertaining to
all four of the Companies.

55 On that premise, there are two reasons why the plaintiffs’ case is
unviable. First, the Mamanda prospectus states clearly that “50% of the money
raised will be use[d] to pay off some of [Mamanda’s] project financing”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

1PF AEIC at p 38.

That being the case, I am not persuaded that the defendants made the
investment utilisation representation as alleged by the plaintiffs – if they
did so, they would have in effect expressed the exact opposite of what was
printed in black and white on the Mamanda prospectus. My analysis in this
regard is closely intertwined with my reasoning with respect to the debt
representation (see [42] and [43] above). As mentioned, it is also pertinent
that the second plaintiff accepts that she knew that, prior to the plaintiffs’
investments, Mamanda had undertaken a loan worth $700,000. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NEs, 17 June 2020, page 169, lines 4 to 8.

Putting two and two together, the plaintiffs must have known that part of
their investments would be used to repay this loan. At the time the plaintiffs
were shown the Mamanda prospectus, there was no evidence that this loan had
been fully repaid. Indeed, when I questioned the second plaintiff on whether
she was cognisant, at the time of investment, that such a loan was still
outstanding, she simply asserted that “[i]t didn’t occur to [her]” – for
obvious reasons, this cannot suffice. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NEs, 17 June 2020, page 172, lines 1 to 15; page 173, line 22.

The first plaintiff has also offered no convincing reason for why he would
have believed that (a) Mamanda did not have outstanding loans; and (b) his
investments, contrary to what the Mamanda prospectus indicated, would not be
used to repay such loans.

56 Second, in any event, this representation is also a statement on something
to be done in the future. It is about how the invested funds will be utilised
moving forward. This point alone is fatal to the plaintiffs’ claim. As
explained in the context of the dividends representation, this is a matter
that ought to be governed instead by the terms of the agreement (see [51] and
[52] above). A representation of this nature is not actionable in a
misrepresentation claim.

The Beta Global representation

57 The Beta Global representation, as it appears in the Statement of Claim,
appears to have been made. The defendants accept in the Defence that “Beta
Global Limited was created as the Special Purpose Vehicle… to list the
business on the Stock Exchange if the companies together had performed to
expectations”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defence at paras 55 and 56.

However, this representation, much like the dividends and investment
utilisation representations, is clearly a statement of future intent. The
representation is that the Companies will become subsidiaries of Beta Global
in the future, for an anticipated listing on the Singapore Stock Exchange. For
reasons already made clear, such a statement cannot constitute an actionable
representation (see [51] and [52] above).

Concluding observation

58 As a final but critical observation on the plaintiffs’ case as a whole, I
do not accept that the plaintiffs were induced to enter into the Investment
Agreements by any of the defendants’ representations. All in, the plaintiffs’
investments were worth $1m, which is a big investment. The plaintiffs must
have read the Prospectuses with some care and done some due diligence before
making their investments. I do not believe that investors of the plaintiffs’
stature would have taken the defendants’ words at face value, and made their
investments simply by hanging onto the defendants’ every word based entirely
on trust. It bears mention that there were other prospective investors present
during the defendants’ pitches to the plaintiffs; these other investors, who
were the plaintiffs’ “doctor-friends”, eventually opted against making
investments in the Companies. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

2DF AEIC at para 33.

In spite of this, the plaintiffs went ahead because they were predominantly
persuaded by the defendants of their ambitious plans, the Companies’ future
growth prospects and the potential listing of the parent company Beta Global
Limited (with the Companies as its subsidiaries) on the Singapore Stock
Exchange through an Initial Public Offering (“IPO”). If so, they would be able
to reap the profits on their pre-IPO investments after listing takes place.
They cannot subsequently rely on the court to unravel their investments if it
later turns out (as it has at present) that the Companies have not done as
well as expected, and the possibility of an IPO is now extremely remote.

The claim under section 2 of the Misrepresentation Act

59 Section 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act provides as follows:

2.—(1) Where a person has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation
has been made to him by another party thereto and as a result thereof he has
suffered loss, then, if the person making the misrepresentation would be
liable to damages in respect thereof had the misrepresentation been made
fraudulently, that person shall be so liable notwithstanding that the
misrepresentation was not made fraudulently, unless he proves that he had
reasonable ground to believe and did believe up to the time the contract was
made that the facts represented were true.

60 As per RBC Properties Pte Ltd v Defu Furniture Pte Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 997 at
[66], the elements of a statutory action under the Misrepresentation Act are
similar to those at common law, except that it is for the defendant to prove
an absence of negligence. In other words, and sensibly so, it must still be
shown that there was an actionable misrepresentation to begin with, ie, a
false statement of fact.

61 On this basis, the plaintiffs’ claims under the Misrepresentation Act must
fail. As explained above with respect to each of the representations, the
defendants have not made any false statements of past or present fact.

(a) The valuation representation was a reflection of the defendants’ genuine
belief (ie, opinion) of the value of Mamanda (see [32] above), which forms the
basis upon which the defendants priced the shares to be sold to the plaintiffs
as per the Mamanda prospectus.

(b) The debt representation, as alleged in paragraph 5(b) of the Statement of
Claim, was never made. The defendants had been candid about the outstanding
loan they took up during fund-raising and did not represent that Mamanda was
debt-free (see [44] above).

(c) The loans representation, as alleged in paragraph 5(c) of the Statement of
Claim, may have been made – the defendants do not seem to deny this in the
Defence. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defence at para 39.

However, it is not false. The defendants disclosed to the plaintiffs the
existence of the $700,000 fund-raising loan in the Mamanda prospectus – apart
from this loan, there were no bank or shareholder loans taken out by the
Companies (see [47] and [48] above).

(d) The capital return representation was never made, and the plaintiffs have
tellingly retracted this claim (see [50] above).

(e) The remaining three representations are statements of future intention,
and not false statements of past/present fact. They are not actionable under
the Misrepresentation Act (see [51], [56] and [57] above).

62 Accordingly, the action under the Misrepresentation Act is untenable in its
entirety.

Conclusion

63 I therefore dismiss the plaintiffs’ claim. Unless parties inform the court
within one week from the date of this Judgment that they wish to be heard on
costs, I will order costs against the plaintiffs in favour of the defendants
to be taxed if not agreed.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Valliappan Subramaniam (Veritas Law Corporation) for the plaintiffs;

Suhaimi bin Lazim (Mirandah Law LLP) and Abdul Rohim bin Sarip (A. Rohim Noor
Lila LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

