Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

MaIn the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 101

Originating Summons No 1448 of 2019  
(Summons No 6129 of 2019)

In the matter of section 27 of the Building and Construction Industry Security
of Payment Act (Cap 30B)

And

In the matter of Order 95, Rule 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, Rule 5)

And

In the matter of Adjudication Application No SOP/AA 350 of 2019

Between

CFA  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

CFB  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Building and Construction Law] – [Building and Construction Industry Security
of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev. Ed)] – [Setting aside adjudication
determination] – [Fraud]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CFA

  
v

  

CFB

[2020] SGHC 101

High Court — Originating Summons No 1448 of 2019 (Summons No 6129 of 2019)  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
20 January, 10 March 2020

19 May 2020

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 A judgment procured by fraud cannot stand: Lazarus Estates Ltd v Beasley
[1956] 1 QB 702 at 712. An adjudication determination is no different. In this
application, the respondent sought to set aside an adjudication determination
(“AD”) made pursuant to the Building and Construction Industry Security of
Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed)(“the Act”). Its pleaded grounds were fraud
and breach of natural justice. I accepted the former and rejected the latter.
Accordingly, I granted the application and set aside the AD. I now give the
grounds for my decision.

Facts

The parties and their contractual relationship

2 The parties are involved in the “[title of construction project redacted]”
(“the Project”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s Core Bundle of Document (“ACB”) p 1

The respondent (“CFB”) is the sub-contractor tasked with procuring and
installing façade panels for the project. CFB in turn subcontracted this work
to the applicant (“CFA”). The terms of their contract were spelt out in a
written agreement made on 3 August 2018 (“the Subcontract”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ACB pp 1 - 49

The written agreement comprised a letter of award and a set of standard
conditions.

3 CFA was engaged to fabricate, deliver and install window panels at the
Project site. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ACB pp 1 – 49; Respondent’s Written Submissions p 4 para 11

In total, the Subcontract called for 864 window panels, of which 489 panels
remained undelivered by the time of the adjudication determination. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Lim Kian Seng’s 1st Affidavit dated 9 December 2019 (“LKS1”) p 9 para 28

The present application centred on these 489 panels (“the missing panels”).

Background to the dispute

4 CFA commenced adjudication proceedings on the basis that there had been no
payment response to its payment claim served and dated 25 September 2019 (“the
Payment Claim”). The adjudication application was lodged on 10 October 2019 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ACB pp 98 - 99 para 13

and the adjudication itself was conducted over two days on 25 October 2019 and
6 November 2019. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ACB p 105 para 31

CFA claimed that it had “completed all the supply works” and that “even though
some materials [had not been] delivered to [the Project site]”, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ACB p 39 para 29

they were entitled to payment. CFB replied that a payment response had not
been due yet and that CFA’s adjudication application had been premature. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ACB p 66 para 10

Additionally, CFB argued that CFA was only entitled to payment upon successful
delivery of the window panels that it had contracted to fabricate. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ACB p 68 paras 13 – 14

5 The adjudicator determined that a payment response had indeed been due by 2
October 2019 and that CFB had accordingly failed to provide a payment response
in time. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ACB p 98 para 11, pp 112 – 113 paras 47 – 48

The adjudicator also held that the window panels, though undelivered and
uninstalled, were claimable under s 7(1)(b) of the Act: Chuang Long
Engineering Pte Ltd v Nan Huat Aluminium & Glass Pte Ltd [2019] 4 SLR 901 at
[30] and [33] (“Chuang Long”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ACB p114 para 52 and p99 para 14(d)

Accordingly, the adjudicator ruled in CFA’s favour and CFB was ordered to pay
both the adjudicated amount and 75% of the adjudication costs (together, “the
adjudicated sum”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ACB p130 para 97, p129 para 92.

The AD was recorded on 15 November 2019.

6 It bears mentioning that there were allegedly some representations made
about the missing panels at the adjudication conferences. However, the
accounts of these representations conflicted with each other. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

LSK1 p 12 para 38; Han Binbin’s 1st Affidavit dated 26 December 2019 (HBB) pp
2 – 3 paras 5 – 9

Finding both accounts to be self-serving at best, I proceeded with the
adjudicator’s account of what was said at the adjudication conferences –
namely, that “parties’ oral submissions at the … conference[s] broadly
accorded with and expanded upon the written submissions tendered”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ACB p 106 para 32

I noted the following in the written submissions and the adjudication
determination:

(a) CFA claimed that it had “completed all the supply works” and that “some of
the materials [were] stored at [CFA’s] warehouse and some [were] stored at
[CFB’s] warehouse”; 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ACB p39 para 29

no mention was made of materials stored anywhere else.

(b) CFA claimed storage costs for “materials … kept in [its] warehouse for 6
months”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ACB p58 para 8(8); LKS1 p1684 - 1689

The “materials” here referred to those that had not been delivered to CFB at
the time of the adjudication determination ie, the missing panels.

(c) Both CFA’s submissions and the adjudicator’s determination made no mention
of any difficulty or trouble that CFA had experienced in getting the missing
panels from its Chinese supplier (“ABC”). In fact, ABC was not mentioned at
all.

7 It later transpired that some 169 of the missing panels were in China,
rather than in CFA’s warehouse. ABC had ceased business with CFA, and had
contacted CFB directly on 22 November 2019 to sell the remaining window panels
in its possession. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

LKS1 p 1637

CFB professed surprise at this revelation 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

LKS1 p 12 para 38

as it had been operating under the impression that CFA had possession of all
the missing panels. In fact, CFB had been attempting to pay the adjudicated
sum in exchange for the missing panels since 19 November 2019. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

LKS1 p12 para 35

CFA had neither acceded to that request 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

LKS1 p12 para 36

nor had it offered any assurance that it had the missing panels in its
possession. Indeed, CFA had persistently refused to give CFB any proof that it
possessed the missing panels and had simply insisted on being paid the
adjudicated sums.

8 By the time the parties first appeared before me on 20 January 2020, CFA had
given CFB neither an opportunity to inspect its warehouse 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

LSK1 p 14 para 45

nor any other proof that CFA was in a position to deliver all the missing
panels. This was despite CFB’s constant assurances that it was “willing and
ready to pay [the adjudicated sums] so long as [it was assured] that CFA had
all the materials with them and would release and deliver the same to [CFB]”.
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

LKS1 p15 para 46.

Issue to be determined

9 The first issue, an alleged breach of natural justice, was a nonstarter.
CFB’s contention was that payment for the window panels were not due until
delivery was made (see above at [4]). It relied on cl 8 of the letter of award
and cl 11 of the standard conditions to substantiate its claim. CFB’s
complaint was that the adjudicator had failed to consider these clauses in
valuing the construction work carried out and had therefore breached s
17(3)(b) of the Act. This, CFB alleged, had been a breach of natural justice.

10 I did not accept this argument. It was no more than an attempt to appeal
against an unfavourable adjudication determination, which is impermissible:
Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd v Mansource Interior Pte Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 797 at
[48]. In truth, the adjudicator had applied his mind to those clauses before
rejecting CFB’s arguments 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ACB p115 paras 53 - 54

– argument which, I noted, were identical to those before me in the present
application. He had expressly considered not just the clauses CFB had
highlighted but also the entirety of the contract 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ACB p115 para 53

before concluding that CFB’s submissions “held [no] water”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ACB p115 para 54

I therefore took CFB’s recycled arguments as an impermissible invitation to
consider the merits of the AD. Accordingly they were rejected.

11 The only issue therefore, was whether there had been fraud on CFA’s part in
making and pursuing the payment claim.

The applicable legal principle

12 Fraud is a valid ground for setting aside ADs. I respectfully agreed with
Tan Siong Thye J’s comments in Mansource Interior Pte Ltd v Citiwall Safety
Glass Pte Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 264 at [31] and OGSP Engineering Pte Ltd v Comfort
Management Pte Ltd [2018] 3 SLR 1031 at [34]–[37] (“OGSP”). Though there are
no explicit provisions in the 2006 statutory scheme that allow adjudication
determinations to be set aside on the basis of fraud, I shared Tan J’s
sentiments that “the court will not allow its processes to be used to
facilitate fraud” (OGSP at [37]). Fraud unravels all.

13 I also noted that the recent 2018 amendments to the Act set out some non-
exhaustive grounds for setting aside an AD. Fraud is one such ground (see the
new s 27(6)(h) of the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment
Amendment Act 2018 (No 47 of 2018)). In introducing this provision, Minister
of State for National Development, Mr Zaqy Mohamed indicated that “[t]hese
grounds were consistent with those that have been developed by the Courts over
time”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (2 October 2018) vol 94 (Zaqy
Mohamad, Minister of State for National Development)

I took this to mean that the fraud ground was, at the very least, consistent
with the other grounds on which ADs had been set aside.

14 In any case, it was undisputed between the parties that fraud was a valid
ground for setting aside ADs. The test was set out in QC Communications NSW
Pty Ltd v CivComm Pty Ltd [2016] NSWSC 1095 where the New South Wales Supreme
Court interpreted the provisions of the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act 1999 (Act 46 of 1999), which is in pari materia with
the Act (at [32]):

A judgment may be set aside on the basis of fraud where:

(a) The application is based on facts discovered after the judgment which are
material: Wentworth v Rogers (No 5) (1986) 6 NSWLR 534; and

(b) It is reasonably clear that the fresh evidence would have provided an
opposite verdict: Orr v Holmes [1948] HCA 16; (1948) 76 CLR 632 at 640.

15 I have termed these conditions the Material Fact Requirement and Opposite
Verdict Requirement, respectively.

My decision

Material Fact Requirement

16 There were three material facts discovered after the AD was issued. First,
169 of the missing panels were not in Singapore at all. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

LKS1 p 1637

Second, CFA had been having serious disputes with its supplier regarding the
delivery of those window panels to Singapore. The disputes had risen to such a
level that their contract had been terminated on 13 October 2019. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Lim Kian Seng’s 3rd Affidavit dated 2 March 2020 (“LKS3”) p 3 para 8

This fact was not brought up at any of the adjudication conferences.

17 Third, CFA had been experiencing significant difficulty negotiating (both
before and after the contractual termination) for those window panels to be
delivered to Singapore. These negotiations had been going on since 27
September 2019 when ABC had first indicated to CFA that it would be delaying
delivery. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Wang Weiyuan’s 2nd Affidavit dated 21 February 2020 (“WWY2”) p 7 para 26.5

Nothing had come out of them. Indeed, by CFA’s own account, ABC had proven to
be unreasonable and unreliable. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

WWY2 p 8 paras 33 – 34, p 11 paras 48 - 49

Yet, CFA had failed to inform CFB of the fact that 169 of the missing panels
remained in the possession of its somewhat capricious supplier.

18 These facts were relevant because CFA’s payment claim was for fabrication
of the entire contract quantity. This meant the claim’s scope necessarily
extended to the missing panels. But a payment claim for materials cannot be
sustained if the claimant is in no position to deliver when called upon to do
so. To hold otherwise would mean that the respondent is obliged to make
payment even when the claimant is unable to fulfil his obligation to deliver.
Any facts that went towards challenging the claimant’s ability to deliver the
goods were therefore material facts.

Opposite Verdict Requirement

19 In determining whether the fresh evidence would have resulted in an
opposite verdict, I first considered what the adjudicator relied on in his
determination.

20 The issue before the adjudicator was whether CFA had been entitled to
payment notwithstanding the fact that the missing panels had not been
delivered yet. The adjudicator had held in the affirmative, relying on Chuang
Long as authority. If the material facts stated above (at [16]–[17]) had been
before the adjudicator, I was of the opinion that the issue would have been
framed differently. The real inquiry would have been whether CFA had been
entitled to payment notwithstanding the fact that it was not in a position to
secure delivery of all of the missing panels if called upon to do so. On the
undisputed facts, this would have been answered in the negative.

21 Chuang Long would therefore have been inapplicable to the facts and
therefore unavailable for reliance by the adjudicator. Chuang Long stood for
the proposition that contractors may claim payment for fabrication of
materials that had not been delivered or affixed to the property as yet (see
[33]). It did not necessarily follow that contractors must be paid for
materials so long as they are prefabricated and in existence but their
delivery not secured. In my view, a party is not entitled to payment for
prefabricated materials if there is a serious dispute with its supplier,
particularly one resident overseas, that renders the claimant unable to effect
shipment if called upon to do so. This does not detract from but rather, is
entirely consistent with Chuang Long. In that case, Chan Seng Onn J’s ruling
was informed by the legislative purpose of the Act – an intent to “facilitate
cashflow and enable the construction project to move along” (Chuang Long at
[33]). This reasoning however, has a natural extension. The adjudication
mechanism cannot be abused by contractors who are not able to fulfil the
contractual obligations for which they are seeking payment. This amounts to
fraud and cannot be allowed to stand.

22 Here, the evidence showed that CFA did not have the window panels on hand
when it applied for adjudication on 10 October 2019. In fact, it was still
negotiating with ABC for the window panels by the time of the first
adjudication conference on 25 October 2019. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

WWY2 pp8 – 9 paras 36 - 38

Even at the second adjudication conference, it had nothing more than an
“agreement in principle” for the delivery of the missing panels. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

WWY2 p 9 para 39

The final agreement was still being drafted whilst CFB and CFA were waiting
for the adjudication determination 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

WWY2 p10 paras 44–45

and though signed on 14 November 2019, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

WWY2 p 10 para 45

ultimately fell through on 22 November 2019. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Hu Yungang1 (“HYG”) p 5 para 23

In other words, CFA could not have secured delivery of the missing panels at
any point during the adjudication proceedings. Such evidence would have
seriously called into doubt CFA’s ability to fulfil its contractual
obligations.

23 To this, CFA had two main submissions disclaiming any fraud on its part.
The first was that there had been no explicit misrepresentation by any of its
officers at the adjudication conferences. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (“AWS”) p 8 paras 17 - 18

Even if there had been, the adjudicator had not relied on any of those
supposed misrepresentations. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AWS pp8 - 9 paras 19- 23

I rejected this argument. This was a mischaracterisation of CFB’s case. CFB
had also submitted that CFA had “not [been] forthcoming in submitting its
[payment] claim in the Adjudication” 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions (“RWS”) p 14 para 36

and “had … defrauded the Adjudicator in alluding to the effect that all the
panels had been shipped.” 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

RWS p 14 para 34

There was therefore no need for CFB to rely on alleged misrepresentations made
at the adjudication conference to establish its case. As stated above (see
[20]-[22]), I found that CFA’s fraud had been in claiming payment for 169 of
the missing window panels which it had been in no position to deliver.

24 CFA’s second contention was that it had acted in good faith. It had
“genuinely believed that settlement with ABC for [the Project had been]
successful … and that, after that, the materials could be delivered shortly”.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

WWY2 p 13 para 54.4

I could not accept this bare assertion. There was no credible support in the
affidavits for such a proposition. CFA pointed to the continued attempts to
negotiate with ABC and the fact that negotiations had been at an advanced
stage during the adjudication proceedings (an “agreement in principle” by the
time of the second adjudication conference 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

WWY2 p 9 para 39

and a written agreement by the time of the adjudication determination 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

WWY2 p 10 para 45

). This, CFA submitted, was evidence of its bona fides. I was not convinced.

25 The “agreement in principle” was nothing more than a bare assertion. There
was no evidence of such an agreement. The only chatlogs produced were of those
between CFA and ABC from 12 September 2019 to 8 October 2019. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

WWY2 p 78

These were entirely unhelpful since the supposed agreement was discussed in
“late October 2019”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

WWY2 p 9 para 38

Likewise, the supposed written agreement signed by CFA and ABC on 14 November
2019 was not produced either. Earlier drafts were produced, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

HYG pp 11 – 31

and photos of Chinese men signing indecipherable papers 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

HYG pp 58 – 59

were tendered. But the signed written agreement itself was never placed before
the court. More importantly, it simply does not matter if these pleaded facts
are true. Even if proven, these facts could just as easily have been support
for a more cynical theory. Namely, CFA had never been confident of securing
delivery of the missing panels and its tenacious negotiations were a sign of
its desperation. I was not meaningfully persuaded to adopt either theory, and
simply took CFA’s evidence of its negotiations to be neutral at best.

26 What was unambiguously clear however, was that CFA had been in serious
disputes with its supplier throughout the course of the adjudication
proceedings. This had even resulted in it terminating its contract with ABC
three days after it had applied for adjudication. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Lim Kian Seng’s 3rd Affidavit dated 2 March 2020 (“LKS3”) p 3 para 8

And yet, none of this had been brought to the adjudicator’s attention. Indeed,
if CFA had “genuinely believed that settlement with ABC” had been successful,
it begged the question why these disputes were not simply disclosed at the
adjudication conferences. To me, this strongly suggested that CFA had been
operating on mere hope (that matters would work out) rather than genuine
belief (that they had indeed worked out). A contractor that could only hope to
deliver materials when called upon to do so, cannot claim payment for their
fabrication.

Conclusion

27 Accordingly, I granted CFB’s application to set aside the AD and dismissed
CFA’s application to enforce the AD. Costs followed the cause.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Chong Kuan Keong, Ernest Sia, Gan Siu Min Cheryl, Derek Tay and Andy Yeo
(Chong Chia & Lim LLC) for the applicant;

Neo Kim Cheng Monica and Oung Hui Wen Karen (Chan Neo LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

