Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 282

Suit No 910 of 2020 (Summons No 4454 of 2020)

Between

| Toh Wei-Jack  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Yong Ling Ling Jasmine  
---|---  
(2)| Sugared Asia Pte Ltd  
(3)| Sugared Academy Pte Ltd  
(4)| Sugared Downtown Pte Ltd  
(5)| Sugared Thomson Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Stay of proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Toh Wei-Jack

  
v

  

Yong Ling Ling Jasmine and others

[2020] SGHC 282

High Court — Suit No 910 of 2020 (Summons No 4454 of 2020)  
Tan Siong Thye J  
20 November 2020

29 December 2020

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Toh Wei-Jack, and the first defendant, Yong Ling Ling
Jasmine, were formerly married. They were granted interim judgment for divorce
on 23 March 2020 in FC/D 205/2020 (“the Divorce Proceedings”). Presently, they
are waiting for the hearing of ancillary matters in the Divorce Proceedings to
deal with the division of their matrimonial assets. The second to fifth
defendants (“the Companies”) are companies incorporated in Singapore by the
plaintiff and the first defendant between 2016 and 2019, prior to their
divorce.

2 On 24 September 2020, the plaintiff commenced HC/S 910/2020 (“the Suit”) in
respect of a claim in minority oppression against the first defendant in
relation to the Companies. On 13 October 2020, the defendants applied by way
of HC/SUM 4454/2020 (“SUM 4454”) for a stay of the proceedings in the Suit
pending the outcome of the hearing of ancillary matters in the Divorce
Proceedings.

3 On 20 November 2020, I granted the defendants’ application for a stay of
proceedings. On 14 December 2020, the plaintiff filed a notice of appeal
against my decision. I now set out the reasons for my decision.

The facts

4 The plaintiff and the first defendant were married on 31 July 2008. Between
2016 and 2019, the plaintiff and the first defendant incorporated the
Companies in Singapore. At the time of the hearing of SUM 4454, the
shareholding in each of the Companies was divided amongst the plaintiff, the
first defendant and Ms Rita Iskandar w/o de Braux Peter (alias Rita Iskandar)
(“Rita”), in the following manner: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

First affidavit of Yong Ling Ling Jasmine filed on 13 October 2020 (“YLLJ1”)
at paras 7–9.

Company| Percentage of shareholding  
---|---  
Plaintiff| First defendant| Rita  
Sugared Asia Pte Ltd (the second defendant)| 24%| 56%| 20%  
Sugared Academy Pte Ltd (the third defendant)| 20%| 60%| 20%  
Sugared Downtown Pte Ltd (the fourth defendant)| 20%| 60%| 20%  
Sugared Thomson Pte Ltd (the fifth defendant)| 20%| 60%| 20%  
  
5 On 15 January 2020, the plaintiff filed a writ for divorce in the Divorce
Proceedings. Interim judgment for divorce was granted by the Family Justice
Court (“FJC”) on 23 March 2020. However, certain ancillary matters pertaining
to the division of the matrimonial assets remained outstanding. The plaintiff
and the first defendant did not dispute that their respective shares in each
of the Companies were matrimonial assets liable for division and allocation in
the Divorce Proceedings. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

YLLJ1 at paras 10–12; Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) at para 50.

As at the time of the hearing of SUM 4454, the Divorce Proceedings were at the
discovery stage for the ancillary matters. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions (“DWS”) at para 37; PWS at para 9.

6 On 24 September 2020, the plaintiff commenced the Suit against the
defendants. The plaintiff’s case in the Suit centred on the alleged acts of
oppression committed by the first defendant in relation to the Companies. The
reliefs sought for by the plaintiff included a buyout by the first defendant
of all the plaintiff’s shares in each of the Companies (“the Share Buyout”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim at prayer (1).

On 13 October 2020, the defendants applied in SUM 4454 for the proceedings in
the Suit to be stayed pending the determination of the ancillary matters in
the Divorce Proceedings.

The parties’ submissions

7 The defendants made two alternative submissions in support of their
application for a stay of proceedings. First, the defendants submitted that
the court should exercise its discretion to stay the proceedings in the Suit
pursuant to s 18 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”), read with para 9 of the First Schedule to the same. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

DWS at paras 12–14.

This was because (a) the outcome of the Divorce Proceedings would have a
material effect on the Suit; (b) there was substantial overlap in the issues,
arguments and evidence in the Divorce Proceedings and the Suit; (c) the
Divorce Proceedings were in a more advanced stage than the Suit; and (d) it
was burdensome and oppressive to the parties and their witnesses for both the
Divorce Proceedings and the Suit to progress concurrently. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

DWS at paras 18, 28, 34 and 38.

8 Second, in the alternative, the defendants submitted that the court should
exercise its inherent jurisdiction under O 92 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”) to stay the proceedings in the Suit.
This was because, in all the circumstances of the case, the stay was necessary
to prevent injustice and/or an abuse of the court’s processes. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

DWS at para 46.

9 In response to the defendants’ first submission regarding the court’s power
to grant a stay pursuant to s 18 read with para 9 of the First Schedule to the
SCJA, the plaintiff submitted that there was no multiplicity of proceedings
warranting the court’s exercise of its discretion. This was because (a) the
FJC was not the forum to adjudicate the issue of minority oppression and
consequential remedies; and (b) the issues arising for the court’s
determination in the Suit were entirely different from those arising in the
Divorce Proceedings. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PWS at para 17.

10 In response to the defendants’ second submission regarding the court’s
power to grant a stay pursuant to its inherent jurisdiction under O 92 r 4 of
the Rules of Court, the plaintiff submitted that the defendants had failed to
show “exceptional circumstances” demonstrating the necessity of imposing a
stay. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PWS at paras 46 and 47.

My decision

The applicable principles

11 Pursuant to s 18 read with para 9 of the First Schedule to the SCJA, the
court has the discretion to order a stay of proceedings. Sections 18(1) and
18(2) of the SJCA read as follows:

18.—(1) The High Court shall have such powers as are vested in it by any
written law for the time being in force in Singapore.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1), the High Court
shall have the powers set out in the First Schedule.

12 Paragraph 9 of the First Schedule reads as follows:

Stay of proceedings

9\. Power to dismiss or stay proceedings where the matter in question is res
judicata between the parties, or where by reason of multiplicity of
proceedings in any court or courts or by reason of a court in Singapore not
being the appropriate forum the proceedings ought not to be continued.

13 The principles underlying the court’s exercise of its discretion under the
SCJA are well-settled. These principles were summarised by the Singapore
International Commercial Court in BNP Paribas Wealth Management v Jacob Agam
and another [2017] 3 SLR 27 at [34] and [35] as follows:

34 The principles laid down in [Chan Chin Cheung v Chan Fatt Cheung and others
[2010] 1 SLR 1192 (‘Chan Chin Cheung’)]  have been considered in subsequent
cases such as RBS Coutts Bank Ltd v Brunner Hans-Peter [2010] SGHC 342 (‘RBS
Coutts’) and Ram Parshotam Mittal v Portcullis Trustnet (Singapore) Pte Ltd
[2014] 2 SLR 1337 (‘Ram Mittal’). These cases have expanded on Chan Chin
Cheung by approving the following factors, identified by the Federal Court of
Australia in Sterling Pharmaceuticals Pty Limited v The Boots Company
(Australia) Pty Limited (1992) 34 FCR 287 [(‘Sterling’)] at [16], as relevant
(RBS Coutts at [26]; Ram Mittal at [53]):

(a) which proceeding was commenced first;

(b) whether the termination of one proceeding is likely to have a material
effect on the other;

(c) the public interest;

(d) the undesirability of two courts competing to see which of them determines
common facts first;

(e) consideration of circumstances relating to witnesses;

(f) whether work done on pleadings, particulars, discovery, interrogatories
and preparation might be wasted;

(g) the undesirability of substantial waste of time and effort if it becomes a
common practice to bring actions in two courts involving substantially the
same issues;

(h) how far advanced the proceedings are in each court;

(i) the law should strive against permitting multiplicity of proceedings in
relation to similar issues; and

(j) generally balancing the advantages and disadvantages to each party.

35 The above list of factors is not exhaustive. Ultimately, the grant of a
limited stay of proceedings is a discretionary exercise of the court’s case
management powers. This discretion is triggered when there is a multiplicity
of proceedings; and in exercising these powers, the court is entitled to
consider all the circumstances of the case. The underlying concern is the need
to ensure the efficient and fair resolution of the dispute as a whole.

14 In Ram Mittal, the High Court observed at [52] and [53] that:

52 … The case law has instead suggested that the discretion to grant a limited
stay entails the court taking a commonsensical and practical approach, bearing
in mind considerations such as multiplicity in proceedings, the risk of
conflicting judgments, international comity and fairness to the parties …

53 … I found the factors in Sterling to be a useful guide in deciding whether
to grant a limited stay. I was, however, also mindful that these factors were
not to be applied mechanically. The case did not turn on how many of the
factors in Sterling are present in a ‘tick the boxes’ approach. Rather,
keeping with the commonsensical and practical approach suggested at [52]
above, the weight to be attached to each factor, and therefore the ultimate
exercise of the court’s discretion to grant a limited stay, will depend on the
facts and nuances of each case.

Whether the court should exercise its discretion to grant a stay under the
SCJA

15 Applying these principles to the facts, I was of the view that it was in
the best interest for the efficient and fair resolution of the dispute as a
whole to grant a stay of the proceedings in the Suit pending the determination
of the ancillary matters in the Divorce Proceedings. This was for the
following reasons.

Substantial overlap between the Divorce Proceedings and the Suit

16 I was aware that the issues pertaining to the division of matrimonial
assets and the minority oppression claim were different. The FJC would
consider the direct and indirect contributions of the plaintiff and the first
defendant during their marriage in order to ascertain an equitable division of
the matrimonial assets. As for the Suit, the plaintiff had to prove that there
were oppressive acts by the first defendant in relation to the plaintiff, the
minority shareholder, before the court will grant an order directing the first
defendant to purchase the plaintiff’s shares in the Companies.

17 However, the central focus in the Suit and the hearing of the ancillary
matters in the Divorce Proceedings would be the plaintiff’s shares in the
Companies. In the Suit the plaintiff sought, inter alia, an order for the
first defendant to purchase all of the plaintiff’s shares in the Companies. In
the hearing of ancillary matters in the Divorce Proceedings, the FJC would
have to divide the parties’ matrimonial assets which include their shares in
the Companies. Hence, there would be substantial overlap between the issues
relating to the shares in the Companies arising from the Divorce Proceedings
and those arising in the present Suit. Thus, there was a risk of there being a
multiplicity of proceedings and conflicting findings arising therefrom.

18 One such overlap pertained to the circumstances surrounding the Companies’
respective incorporations, the plaintiff’s and the first defendant’s
respective roles and contributions to the Companies and to their marriage, as
well as the alleged acts of oppression committed by the first defendant. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

DWS at para 31.

These were disputed factual issues raised in both the Divorce Proceedings and
the Suit. They would be pertinent to the FJC’s determination of the
appropriate division of matrimonial assets, including the plaintiff’s and the
first defendant’s shares in the Companies. They would also be critical to this
court’s consideration of the plaintiff’s oppression claim as they laid the
factual foundation for the elements making up the oppression claim. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Statement of Claim at para 18.

19 Another instance of overlap between the Divorce Proceedings and the Suit
was in relation to the plaintiff’s shares in each of the Companies. There was
a possibility in the Divorce Proceedings that the plaintiff might be ordered
to transfer his shares in all the Companies or selected Companies to the first
defendant or vice versa. This would be a function of the court’s power to
divide the matrimonial assets (see s 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009
Rev Ed)). Furthermore, at the time of the hearing of SUM 4454, the valuation
of the shares was a heavily disputed issue in the Divorce Proceedings, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DWS at para 32; PWS at para 62.

and would also be heavily disputed in the Suit. The valuation of the shares in
the Companies would be required for the Suit and the Divorce Proceedings. If a
stay were not granted, the courts in both proceedings would likely undertake a
valuation of the same set of shares and make certain orders in respect of the
disposal of such shares. This overlap in relation to the plaintiff’s shares
had further implications in terms of the effect that the Divorce Proceedings
might have on the Suit and vice versa, which I shall elaborate on below.

20 For these reasons, I was of the view that there was substantial overlap
between the Divorce Proceedings and the Suit, resulting in a risk of there
being a multiplicity of proceedings and conflicting findings. Not only would
it be undesirable for the FJC and this court to “compete” to see which court
first determined the overlapping issues of facts, it would also result in a
duplication of work, thereby wasting the courts’ and the parties’ time and
resources. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

DWS at para 33.

Indeed, as the defendants pointed out, the witnesses likely to be involved in
the Suit had already filed affidavits in the Divorce Proceedings. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DWs at para 39.

21 I shall briefly address the plaintiff’s arguments in response to these
points. The plaintiff submitted that there was no overlap between the Divorce
Proceedings and the Suit because the FJC and this court would not be
determining the same issue. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PWS at paras 18, 30–32; 68–70.

However, it is trite that there need not be “complete identity” between the
issues and causes of action in both proceedings (see Ram Mittal ([14] supra)
at [54]). Instead, it suffices that “the basic premises upon which the two
actions are founded are to all practical intents and purposes very much the
same”, such that there is a “considerable overlap in the issues to be
determined” (see Chan Chin Cheung at [44]).

22 The plaintiff also raised several arguments relating to jurisdiction, the
nature of the remedies sought in each proceeding, and the inability of the
procedural rules in the Divorce Proceedings to address the disputes raised in
the Suit. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PWS at paras 19, 27–28, 34.

However, the grant of a stay did not mean that the FJC would thereby have to
determine the cause of action raised in this Suit (ie, the plaintiff’s
oppression claim). It only meant that the hearing of the oppression claim in
the Suit would be temporarily held in abeyance pending the determination of
the ancillary matters in the Divorce Proceedings. Thus, the plaintiff’s
arguments in this regard had no merit.

Effect of the Divorce Proceedings on the Suit

23 The outcome of the Divorce Proceedings could potentially have a material
effect on the Suit, and vice versa. This arose in part from the substantial
overlap between the two proceedings.

24 The primary remedy sought for by the plaintiff in the Suit was the Share
Buyout – a buyout of the plaintiff’s shares in each of the Companies by the
first defendant. However, as observed at [19] above, the FJC might, in the
exercise of its power to divide the matrimonial assets, order the plaintiff to
transfer some or all of his shares in each of the Companies to the first
defendant. Conversely, the FJC might order the first defendant to transfer to
the plaintiff some or all of her shares in each of the Companies. Either of
these orders would significantly affect any share buyout which this court
could potentially order in the Suit.

25 If the plaintiff were ordered by the FJC to transfer all of his shares in
each of the Companies to the first defendant, the Share Buyout would be
rendered otiose. The argument could even be made that the plaintiff would have
thereby lost his locus standi to continue with his Share Buyout claim in the
Suit. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DWS at para 27.

However, I raise this only as a possible argument, and express no views on the
correctness or otherwise of this argument as it was not crucial to the
determination of SUM 4454. Conversely, if the first defendant were ordered by
the FJC to transfer all of her shares in each of the Companies to the
plaintiff, then the plaintiff’s claim in the Suit might not proceed as the
plaintiff would have become the majority shareholder and would have control of
the Companies. Hence, the plaintiff’s current action in minority oppression
might not be necessary.

26 On the other hand, if the oppression claim in the Suit were determined
prior to the FJC’s determination of the division of assets, this would also
have significant implications on the Divorce Proceedings. If the Share Buyout
were ordered, it may disturb the state of the parties’ matrimonial assets and
consequently, the entire premise of the FJC’s ongoing determination of the
division of assets. The FJC may have to adjust its determination of the
division of assets to take into account the effects of the Share Buyout.

27 In these circumstances, the plaintiff’s submission that the FJC’s orders
regarding the plaintiff’s and the first defendant’s shareholdings would have
“no impact” on the Suit was untenable. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PWS at para 57.

In my view, it was much more just and efficient to stay the proceedings in the
Suit pending the determination of the ancillary matters in the Divorce
Proceedings.

28 The logical and sensible approach was to allow the hearing of ancillary
matters in the Divorce Proceedings to run its course so that the FJC could
make its decision on the apportionment of the parties’ matrimonial assets. The
parties would then know precisely the quantum of the shares that each party
holds. Thereafter, the Suit, if necessary, would be able to proceed with
certainty on the shareholdings of the parties.

Valuation of the shares

29 The value of the shares in the Companies owned by the parties was important
to the hearing of ancillary matters in the Divorce Proceedings and the Suit.
The shares had already been valued by an independent valuer, KordaMentha,
appointed by the FJC with the mutual agreement of the parties. However, the
plaintiff rejected this valuation report on the ground that the shares were
valued at the current market value without taking into account the oppressive
acts of the first defendant. In this light, the Suit appeared to be the
plaintiff’s attempt to seek another valuation of the shares. This should not
be allowed.

Divorce Proceedings were at a more advanced stage

30 Finally, I also took into consideration the fact that the Divorce
Proceedings were at a more advanced stage than the Suit. At the time of the
hearing of SUM 4454, the plaintiff and the first defendant were in the
discovery stage in relation to the ancillary matters. They had filed their
respective Requests for Discovery and Requests for Interrogatories, and were
due to provide their Notices in Response as well as disclose the documents and
information they were willing to produce. In contrast, the Suit was only at
the close of pleadings stage. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DWS at para 37.

Therefore, it was more just and efficient to stay the proceedings in the Suit
pending the determination of the ancillary matters in the Divorce Proceedings.

Conclusion

31 In conclusion, I found that the circumstances suggested that it was just
and efficient for the court to exercise its discretion to grant a stay of
proceedings under s 18 read with para 9 of the First Schedule to the SCJA. In
light of this finding, it was not necessary for me to determine whether the
court should exercise its inherent jurisdiction to grant a stay under O 92 r 4
of the Rules of Court.

32 For the above reasons, I granted the defendants’ application to stay the
proceedings in the Suit pending the outcome of the hearing of ancillary
matters in the Divorce Proceedings and any appeals arising therefrom. I also
ordered costs to be paid by the plaintiff to the first defendant fixed at
$5,000 all-in.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Chiok Beng Piow and Margaret Lee Hui Zhen (JHT Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff;

Goh Siong Pheck Francis, Natasha Goh Leshuang and Selina Yap Sher Lin (Harry
Elias Partnership LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Dec 2020 (18:50 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

