Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 143

Originating Summons No 72 of 2020

Between

(1)| CCH  
---|---  
(2)| CCI  
(3)| CCJ  
(4)| CCK  
(5)| CCL  
(6)| CCM  
(7)| CCN  
(8)| CCO  
(9)| CCP  
(10)| CCQ  
(11)| CCR  
(12)| CCS  
(13)| CCT  
(14)| CCU  
(15)| CCV  
(16)| CCW  
(17)| CCX  
(18)| CCY  
(19)| CCZ  
(20)| CDA  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| CDB  
---|---  
(2)| CDC  
(3)| CDD  
(4)| CDE  
  
… Defendants

Originating Summons No 102 of 2020

Between

(1)| CFP  
---|---  
(2)| CFQ  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| CDB  
---|---  
(2)| CDC  
(3)| CDD  
(4)| CDE  
  
… Defendants

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Arbitration] — [Agreement] — [Breach]

[Arbitration] — [Anti-suit injunction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CCH and others

  
v

  

CDB and others and another matter

[2020] SGHC 143

High Court — Originating Summonses Nos 72 and 102 of 2020  
Andre Maniam JC  
26 June, 1 July 2020

13 July 2020

Andre Maniam JC (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 The parties in Originating Summons No 72 of 2020 (“OS 72/2020”) and
Originating Summons No 102 of 2020 (“OS 102/2020”), save for the first and
second plaintiffs in OS 72/2020, are also parties to various arbitration
agreements. The defendants first filed a notice of arbitration in June 2019
(“the June NOA”) wherein they applied to consolidate two arbitrations. Upon
the rejection of their consolidation application, they filed two fresh notices
of arbitration as directed in November 2019 (“the November NOAs”). The
arbitrations are currently pending the constitution of the arbitral tribunals.

2 Notwithstanding the arbitration agreements between the parties, the
defendants commenced foreign proceedings against the plaintiffs (“the Foreign
Proceedings”) a day before filing the June NOA. The defendants then proceeded
to commence a suit in Singapore against the plaintiffs (“the Singapore Suit”)
on the same day that they filed the June NOA. It is common ground among the
parties that the ongoing arbitrations, the Foreign Proceedings and the
Singapore Suit concern the same disputes.

3 The plaintiffs contend that the defendants have breached the arbitration
agreements by commencing the Foreign Proceedings and the Singapore Suit
(collectively, “the Court Proceedings”). OS 72/2020 and OS 102/2020 are the
plaintiffs’ applications for anti-suit injunctions against the defendants. The
plaintiffs also seek an order that the defendants are to forthwith discontinue
the Court Proceedings, as well as sealing and redaction orders. The plaintiffs
in OS 102/2020 further seek a declaration that the Court Proceedings are
breaches of the arbitration agreements.

4 I agree with the plaintiffs that the defendants have acted in breach of the
arbitration agreements. The defendants should not have commenced court
proceedings against all the plaintiffs, save possibly for CCH and CCI, ie, the
first and second plaintiffs in OS 72/2020. But as regards CCH and CCI, the
defendants commenced arbitration proceedings against them and the other
plaintiffs, and CCH and CCI agreed that the disputes in question be resolved
in arbitration, such agreement at the latest being conveyed by paragraph 17 of
the supporting affidavit in OS 72/2020 dated 17 January 2020, which was filed
together with that originating summons. From that time, the defendants should
not have continued with the Court Proceedings against CCH and CCI.

5 The defendants sought to justify the Court Proceedings as being “protective”
in nature. I understood their arguments to be that the Court Proceedings were
a safety net against:

(a) possible defects in the purported commencement of arbitration by way of
the June NOA, and them being too late to remedy that by the November NOAs;

(b) more generally, against anything they may have failed to do in relation to
properly commencing arbitration within the limitation period; and

(c) any issue of non-arbitrability of the matters in the Court Proceedings, or
with the availability in arbitration of the relief sought in the Court
Proceedings. This appeared to be a new argument that the defendants only
raised at the hearing on 26 June 2020.

6 I did not regard any of these as justifying the defendants’ commencement of
the Court Proceedings (or their continuance, in the case of CCH and CCI).

7 When parties agree to arbitration, they agree to pursue their disputes in
arbitration, and not in court. That entails properly commencing proceedings in
arbitration within the limitation period. If a party fails to commence
arbitration proceedings in time, or purportedly commences proceedings in time
but only in a defective manner, he cannot use that as the basis for going to
court instead. These would not be grounds on which a stay of proceedings under
s 6 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) could
be resisted; nor are they grounds on which an anti-suit injunction can be
resisted.

8 As for the defendants’ third argument, the defendants’ own position is that
all the matters in the Court Proceedings fall within the arbitration
agreements, and all the relief sought in the Court Proceedings is available in
arbitration.

9 Counsel for the defendants candidly acknowledged that he was arguing against
himself in saying there might be some matters or relief which the plaintiffs
might contend fall outside the scope of arbitration, which might then prove to
be the case. Even so, the defendants did not contend that there was any real
risk that all of the matters raised in court, or all of the relief sought,
might meet that fate, if only pursued in arbitration.

10 Counsel for the defendants directed my attention to the pleadings in the
Foreign Proceedings. I did not think that the section of the claim cited to
me, the two paragraphs of interlocutory relief sought, or the two paragraphs
of final relief sought, were matters that might prove to be non-arbitrable or
outside the scope of a tribunal’s powers to grant. The plaintiffs’ counsel
also confirmed at the hearing on 26 June 2020 that the disputes in the Court
Proceedings fall within the scope of the arbitration agreements and are
arbitrable between the parties. I thus adjourned the matter to allow counsel
for the defendants to take instructions on whether the defendants would be
willing to discontinue the Court Proceedings on that basis.

11 In any event, with the abovementioned confirmation from the plaintiffs’
counsel (which was stated again in paragraph 5 of the letter dated 30 June
2020 from counsel for the plaintiffs in OS 72/2020, and paragraph 4 of the
letter from counsel for the plaintiffs in OS 102/2020 of the same date), the
defendants’ stated concern would no longer be a valid reason for the Court
Proceedings, if it ever was. The letter of 29 June 2020 from counsel for the
defendants in effect confirms this. The finesse in that letter is only in
relation to wanting to commit the plaintiffs to accepting the November NOAs,
as the basis upon which the Court Proceedings would be discontinued. The
plaintiffs were not obliged to agree to this finesse and never agreed to this
at the hearing before me. It is also telling that the real (or at least only
remaining) concerns are in relation to the June NOA and limitation. As I have
already stated, those do not justify the commencement or continuance of court
proceedings.

12 Counsel for the defendants wrote further on 1 July 2020, right before the
hearing on the same day. At first blush it appeared that the defendants were
agreeable to discontinuing the Court Proceedings, but counsel for the
defendants made a further point that the plaintiffs’ formulation of their
confirmations about arbitrability was the same as the defendants’ formulation
of them. To me, they were different. The defendants avoided express mention of
the plaintiffs having the right to challenge jurisdiction or raise any and all
available defences. If the matter rested with the correspondence, there might
subsequently be controversy as to the basis of discontinuance, if the matter
were in fact discontinued. I consider that the plaintiffs are entitled to
finality, and to be free of such controversy.

13 The defendants dispute whether they had breached the arbitration
agreements. I find that they had.

14 That in turn justifies anti-suit relief. As stated by the Court of Appeal
in Sun Travels & Tours Pvt Ltd v Hilton International Manage (Maldives) Pvt
Ltd [2019] 1 SLR 732 (“Sun Travels”) at [68], “[i]n cases involving an
arbitration agreement … it would suffice to show that there was a breach of
such an agreement, and anti-suit relief would ordinarily be granted unless
there are strong reasons not to …” In the present case, such agreements were
breached and there were no strong reasons (indeed no reasons) not to grant
anti-suit relief.

15 The defendants however contend that any anti-suit relief should only be
prohibitory and not mandatory in nature, ie, that I should only order that
they not continue with the Court Proceedings, rather than order them to
discontinue those proceedings. The defendants indicated that they were and in
fact had always been agreeable to a stay of the Court Proceedings.

16 The defendants also cite Belbana N V v APL Co Pte Ltd and another [2014]
SGHCR 17 (“Belbana”), which involved local and foreign court proceedings, to
support their contention that a stay, and not discontinuance, was appropriate.
I do not need to examine whether Belbana was correctly decided. It is enough
for me to say that proceedings brought in breach of an arbitration agreement,
where all parties agree that the dispute ought to be resolved in arbitration,
are different. In this scenario, there is no issue of the parties ever
resolving their dispute in court instead. In Belbana, the unresolved challenge
to the Belgian court’s jurisdiction might have eliminated Belgium as an
available forum, and the court was concerned that the plaintiff should have a
forum to go to. Here, the defendants at all material times had a forum to go
to, namely arbitration, as agreed between the parties. If anything is the
defendants’ undoing here, it is only what they have done or failed to do
within the limitation period: that does not justify them then pursuing their
claims in court. As I have rejected the defendants’ so-called “protective”
justifications for the Court Proceedings, there is no scenario in which the
defendants would legitimately be pursuing their claims in court. Should the
Court Proceedings then be kept alive indefinitely, or at least till the
conclusion of the arbitrations which they cannot properly be used as a safety
net for?

17 Under s 6(4) of the IAA, the court can of its own motion discontinue court
proceedings if they have been stayed and inactive for at least two years, but
that is without prejudice to the parties’ right to apply for them to be
reinstated. I see that as catering for a possible scenario where the
arbitration agreement proves to be null and void, inoperative or incapable of
being performed (per s 6(2) IAA). That is not an issue here, particularly
given the plaintiffs’ confirmations; defence counsel’s letters of 29 June 2020
and 1 July 2020, in which they agree to discontinue on terms, in effect
acknowledges that. With that, the defendants’ argument that discontinuance
would cause them inordinate, irremediable prejudice falls away. For me to now
hold the defendants to their bargain, ie, to resolve their disputes with the
plaintiffs in arbitration and not in court, would not cause them prejudice.
Any detriment from what the defendants did or failed to do in relation to
properly commencing arbitration in time, will not be caused by my orders; it
would have been caused by the defendants themselves. It is but a function of
the agreement to arbitrate.

18 In Daiichi Chuo Kisen Kaisha v Chubb Seguros Brasil SA (formerly Ace
Seguradora SA) [2020] EWHC 1223, the court stated at [47] that “in order to
give practical effect to the Undertaking and/or any prohibitory injunction
enforcing it, it is necessary for the order to require Chubb to discontinue,
as there will otherwise now be a real risk that the Brazilian court will
proceed to judgment on the merits at some stage after 25 May.”

19 I do not however consider this to stand for the proposition that
discontinuance should only be required if there is a real risk of some court
order being made otherwise. In some cases, it may be that a stay will suffice;
but in others, discontinuance may be appropriate.

20 In Mobile Telecommunications Company Ltd v HRH Prince Hussam Bin Saudi Bin
Abdulaziz Al Saud [2018] EWHC 1469 at [19], the court stated that “that
specific provision [ie, ordering discontinuance], mandatory in form, in truth
does no more than express in words what ordinarily is required and, indeed, is
expected and assumed to occur when final injunctive relief is granted
preventing a defendant from prosecuting, pursuing or otherwise further
continuing proceedings that have been brought in breach of contract or
otherwise vexatiously or oppressively …” Pausing there, that would support my
view that an order for discontinuance need not be justified by special
circumstances.

21 I recognise though that the quote does continue: “… and is plainly
appropriate in circumstances where that relief has now been granted on a final
basis and on the evidence of the events of the last few weeks it is apparent
that it is necessary for the defendant to take an active step in order to
prevent the Saudi proceedings from going any further. So in my judgment, it is
entirely correct to express that in terms in a specific mandatory form of
order in the injunction to be granted today.”

22 What is being sought from this court is final relief. If the Court
Proceedings are only stayed, at some point a discontinuance may yet be sought.
In effect, the defendants were saying: just grant a prohibitory anti-suit
injunction; the plaintiffs can have liberty to apply. But keeping the Court
Proceedings afoot would serve no legitimate purpose. It would only keep the
plaintiffs as defendants to the Court Proceedings, which should not have been
commenced, or at least should not have been continued. It would cause the
plaintiffs prejudice for the Court Proceedings merely to be stayed (at least
the prejudice inherent in still being defendants to court proceedings); it
would not cause the defendants prejudice for the Court Proceedings to be
discontinued, particularly as discontinuance would in effect be no more than
the inevitable consequence of a prohibitory anti-suit injunction. Furthermore,
if the anti-suit relief in this case were merely in prohibitory terms, the
Foreign Proceedings might yet continue to a hearing on the pending
applications to have them discontinued or stayed, the outcome of which I could
not predict, and I did not think it right that the plaintiffs should have to
continue being engaged in those proceedings. The fact that the defendants were
prepared to discontinue (but only on terms) reinforces my view that
discontinuance is appropriate here.

23 I have noted that the defendants said they agree to discontinue, and will
discontinue, the Court Proceedings; yet they would not agree to a consent
order in the terms of the applications. Instead, they submitted that no order
should be made on the applications since they had already given their word
that they would discontinue the Court Proceedings. I consider that the
plaintiffs are entitled to finality in this regard. It would not be
appropriate for me to make no order on the plaintiffs’ applications.

24 What do the “ends of justice” require? The principles governing the issue
of anti-suit injunctions have been set out in, eg, Sun Travels at [65] and Koh
Kay Yew v Inno-Pacific Holdings Ltd [1997] 2 SLR(R) 148 at [14]. Having regard
to those principles, I find that the ends of justice warrant discontinuance
rather than just a stay of proceedings.

25 I thus grant the anti-suit relief in the terms sought.

26 As for the declaration sought by the plaintiffs in OS 102/2020, I find
that, contrary to the defendants’ submissions, there was a live dispute
between the parties as to whether the defendants had breached the arbitration
agreements. This much was evident when defence counsel orally confirmed the
defendants’ position that they had not breached the arbitration agreements. I
have decided that dispute in favour of the plaintiffs. In effect, my decision
on that dispute is already the very declaration sought. Moreover, I accept the
plaintiffs’ contention that the declaration may be of some value to them. On
the principles set out in Sun Travels at [136]–[142], I grant the declaration.

27 On the principles in BBW v BBX and others [2016] 5 SLR 755 at [33] and
[36]–[39], and also because the Court Proceedings should not have been
commenced in the first place, I grant the sealing and redaction orders. The
defendants argue in favour of open justice for the Court Proceedings; but they
should not have commenced those proceedings in the first place. If the public
would like to know more, but my sealing and redaction orders get in the way,
so be it.

28 The plaintiffs, having succeeded in their applications, seek an award of
indemnity costs. On the other hand, the defendants contend that the plaintiffs
are only entitled to standard costs. I am mindful of the holding in Tjong Very
Sumito and others v Antig Investments Pte Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732 (“Tjong”) at
[19] and [71] that where it could be established by a successful application
for an anti-suit injunction as a remedy for breach of an arbitration clause
that the breach had caused the innocent party reasonably to incur legal costs,
those costs should normally be recoverable on an indemnity basis. The
circumstances of the present case appear to be precisely those contemplated by
the Court of Appeal in Tjong. Having heard parties, I order the defendants to
pay costs on an indemnity basis, to be taxed if not agreed.

Andre Maniam  
Judicial Commissioner

Thio Shen Yi SC and Nanthini d/o Vijayakumar (TSMP Law Corporation) for the
plaintiffs in OS 72/2020;

Nish Kumar Shetty and Joan Peiyun Lim-Casanova (Cavenagh Law LLP) for the
plaintiffs in OS 102/2020;

Zhuo Jiaxiang, Lau Hui Ming Kenny and Abraham S Vergis (Providence Law Asia
LLC) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

