Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 177

Companies Winding Up No 285 of 2019 and Summons No 563 of 2020

Between

| Ang Chek Chin  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| ANS Import & Export Pte Ltd (formerly known as Ang Ngee Seng Import & Export
Pte. Ltd.)  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Winding up] — [Intention to appear and be heard] — [Locus
standi]

[Companies] — [Winding up] — [Power to summon witnesses]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ang Chek Chin

  
v

  

ANS Import & Export Pte Ltd (formerly known as Ang Ngee Seng Import & Export
Pte Ltd)

  

[2020] SGHC 177

High Court — Companies Winding Up No 285 of 2019 and Summons No 563 of 2020  
Audrey Lim J  
6, 13 July 2020

21 August 2020

Audrey Lim J:

Introduction

1 ANS Import & Export Pte Ltd (“the Company”) is owned equally by two brothers
(“the brothers”), Ang Chek Chin (“Raymond”) and Ang Chek Poh (“Roland”), who
are also the two directors of the Company. Raymond commenced winding up
proceedings against the Company on the basis that Roland had acted in the
Company’s affairs in his own interest and in a manner which appeared to be
unfair or unjust to Raymond, and that it would be just and equitable to wind
up the Company, pursuant to s 254(1)(f) and (i) of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the CA”) (based on the provision as it stood at the material
time).

2 Roland filed a notice of intention to appear to oppose the winding up and
applied by Summons No 563 of 2020 (“SUM 563”) for the court to summon various
persons (including Raymond) to be examined and to produce documents, relying
on s 285 of the CA. Additionally, two employees and an ex-employee of the
Company filed notices of intention to appear and filed affidavits. At the
hearing before me, Roland agreed to buy out Raymond’s shares in the Company
and thus the winding up application was resolved. This decision deals with two
matters in the course of the proceedings, namely whether and when a non-party,
particularly one who is not a creditor or contributory of the company, is
allowed to appear and intervene in winding up proceedings, and when s 285 of
the CA can be invoked.

Background

3 The business was initially set up by Raymond’s and Roland’s father as a sole
proprietorship and subsequently incorporated as the Company with the father
and sons holding one share each. It was in the business of importing and
exporting household products, with its principal business in wholesale trade
and the manufacture of chemical products. The father then left his share
equally to Raymond and Roland when he passed away.

4 Raymond’s case is as follows. As the father grew older, Roland and Raymond
were tasked to grow the business. Although the brothers had their disputes
even in 2004, they nevertheless continued to manage the Company together and
it became more of a quasi-partnership. Despite their differences, there was a
relationship of mutual trust and confidence, with the division of
responsibilities between the brothers in the Company. Subsequently, matters
took a turn for the worse which led to the breakdown of the relationship and
conflict within the Company. This included Roland’s deliberate exclusion or
obstruction of Raymond from participating in human resource matters in the
Company, Roland’s abuse of his access rights to the computer system to monitor
Raymond’s emails, and Roland’s conduct vis-à-vis third parties which affected
the Company’s reputation. The Company is dysfunctional and the brothers no
longer communicate with each other and can no longer make decisions for the
Company. Essentially there is a deadlock and a loss of substratum in the
Company which had been formed as a family business and quasi-partnership.
Raymond attempted to utilise the buy-out mechanism in the Company’s
Constitution, but Roland was not agreeable to any offer that he made.

5 Roland resisted the winding up. He asserted that the Company was never
started as a quasi-partnership nor ever ran as such, and that it was not
founded on mutual trust or confidence between the brothers. The brothers
regarded each other strictly as business colleagues. They had many
disagreements over the years and did not see eye to eye on many issues.
However, Roland disputed Raymond’s allegations of what Roland had allegedly
done to cause the breakdown in trust and confidence between them. In any
event, the Company’s Constitution provided for a share buy-out mechanism. The
winding up procedure was an abuse of process and Raymond was using it for a
collateral purpose to pressure Roland into agreeing to his unreasonable buy-
out terms. A winding up was also not appropriate as the Company is a going
concern and a viable business.

6 I set out briefly some of the broader areas of dispute, as they formed the
backdrop to the applications made in these proceedings.

7 The first concerned the supply of gloves. According to Roland, Raymond had
caused the Company to enter into a glove-supply contract with White Glove Co
Ltd (“White Glove”) on unconscionable terms and caused the Company to
terminate the previous contract with Dupallo Industries Sdn Bhd (“Dupallo”).
The gloves supplied by White Glove were consigned to a Singapore company,
Motusgen Pte Ltd (“Motusgen”), which belonged to Raymond’s son, Kenneth. The
Company was also issued payment invoices from another entity, Century Plastic
Manufacturing Company (Private) Limited (“Century Plastic”), for the shipment
of the products. Raymond’s friend, one “Kang”, is the owner of Century
Plastic. Roland found these arrangements problematic as White Glove only
charged about $0.54 per glove, whereas Century Plastic sold the gloves to the
Company at $1.07 per glove. Roland hence began investigations into these
transactions.

8 The second dispute involved Raymond’s decision to hire one Michael Tan
(“Michael”) as the General Manager of the Company, which Roland did not agree
with. The third dispute involved NTUC Fairprice Co-operative Ltd’s (“NTUC
Fairprice”) decision not to renew a particular contract with the Company,
which Roland claimed was Raymond’s fault. He claimed that Raymond had delayed
in raising the necessary purchase orders to be issued by the Company to ANS
Orient (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd for the latter to supply the product to meet NTUC
Fairprice’s requirements.

9 Roland thus filed SUM 563 and applied to examine Raymond, Kenneth, Kang and
Michael. He also sought an order that Raymond produce all documents pertaining
to: (a) the supply contracts between the Company and NTUC Fairprice; (b) the
supply of gloves by Dupallo to the Company; (c) the supply of gloves from
White Glove to the Company through Century Plastic; and (d) the appointment or
involvement of Motusgen as consignee in respect of the gloves supplied.
Further, Roland sought orders that: (a) Kenneth produce all documents
pertaining to Motusgen’s involvement in the supply of the gloves; and (b) Kang
produce all documents pertaining to Century Plastic’s involvement in the
supply of the gloves. Roland premised his application on s 285 of the CA read
with r 49 of the Companies (Winding Up) Rules (Cap 50, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CWU
Rules”) and ss 257(2)(c) and/or 257(2)(f) of the CA (based on the provisions
as they stood at the material time).

10 Additionally the following persons (“Non-Parties”) filed notices of
intention to appear in the proceedings and filed affidavits, namely: (a) Ang
Chek Joo (“Chek Joo”), the sister of Raymond and Roland, who has been employed
at the Company for over 30 years and is the present admin manager of the
Company; (b) Yuen Chin Ching (“Yuen”), who has been employed at the Company
for 20 years and is the present Senior Admin Executive of the Company; and (c)
Liew Kit Yee (“Liew”), a former employee of the Company.

Right to appear and be heard at a winding up application

Non-Parties’ and Raymond’s submissions

11 The Non-Parties submitted that they had the right to be heard and relied on
Four Pillars Enterprises Co Ltd v Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft [1999] 1
SLR(R) 382 (“Four Pillars”). They had served the requisite notice of intention
to appear under r 28 of the CWU Rules, and by r 30, were entitled to file an
affidavit to oppose the winding up. Further, a non-party is not precluded from
intervening merely because is he not a creditor or shareholder of the company.
In this regard, the Non-Parties referred to Ambank (M) Bhd v Malaysian Coal &
Minerals Corp Sdn Bhd [2016] 11 MLJ 590 (“Ambank”) in relation to rr 28, 29
and 30 of the Companies (Winding-Up) Rules 1972 (M’sia) (“Malaysian CWU Rules
1972”) (which are in pari materia to rr 28, 29 and 30 of the CWU Rules).

12 The Non-Parties argued that it was in the interests of justice for them to
be heard. They claimed that they did not side with either Raymond or Roland,
but sought only to “factually comment” or “clarify” certain aspects of the
Company’s operations. Their evidence was highly probative and would assist the
court to make a fair and just decision. There were many inconsistencies
between Raymond’s factual claims and the Non-Parties’ evidence, and if their
evidence was not admitted, Raymond’s evidence could not be sufficiently
scrutinised. Chek Joo and Yuen also attested that if the court were to wind up
the Company, it would jeopardise the livelihood of its employees, many of whom
have been with the Company for years.

13 Raymond argued that the Non-Parties had no locus standi to participate as
they were neither contributories nor creditors of the Company. The purpose of
the winding up process and provisions of the CA indicate that persons other
than creditors and contributories should have limited involvement. Rule 27 of
the CWU Rules allows only a creditor or contributory of the company to be
furnished with the winding up application and supporting affidavit, and Form 8
of the First Schedule to the CWU Rules (“Form 8”) suggests that the right to
appear and to oppose a winding up is meant to apply only to creditors or
contributories of the company. The court in Four Pillars also stated that the
party who serves the notice of intention to appear is normally a creditor or
contributory.

My decision

14 Rule 28 of the CWU Rules provides that a person who intends to appear at
the hearing of a winding up application must serve a notice of intention to
appear, which may be in accordance with Form 8. The Court of Appeal in Four
Pillars held (at [13]) that the purpose of the rule is to give the person,
“normally a creditor or contributory”, a right to be heard before the court
decides whether to make a winding up order. The court further held that by
serving the notice, that person becomes a party to the proceedings and
acquires the rights to: (a) appear before the court and be heard; (b) file an
affidavit in opposition to the winding up application; (c) receive affidavits
in reply to his affidavit; (d) apply to the court for orders and directions
enumerated in s 257(2) of the CA; and (e) appeal against the winding up order.
In Four Pillars, the person who had served a notice of intention to appear was
a shareholder of the company that was the subject of the winding up. The court
did not have to consider the issue in respect of a person who was not a
creditor or contributory of the company.

15 The question before me is whether a person who is not of an accepted class,
ie, the company, a creditor, a contributory, the official receiver or the
liquidator of the company (“the class of persons”), has a right to appear and
be heard on an application for the winding up of the company. The CA is silent
on this. Generally, a person who is not of the class of persons should not be
allowed to appear to be heard on the application to wind up the company.
However, this is not an immutable rule, as will be seen later.

16 The overall framework of the CA clearly gives rights to creditors and
contributories to appear and be heard in relation to a company’s winding up,
as they are directly affected by the winding up. As for the notice of
intention to appear in r 28 of the CWU Rules, Form 8 provides the option to a
creditor or contributory, and requires the person filling the form to state
either the amount owing by the company (if he is a creditor) or the number of
shares in the company (if he is a contributory). It should be noted, however,
that r 28(2) of the CWU Rules states that the notice “may” be in Form 8 and
“with such variations as circumstances may require”. Whilst this suggests that
a person other than a creditor or contributory may file a modified Form 8 to
include his status as neither a creditor nor a contributory and thereby
participate in an application to wind up a company, generally a person who is
not of the class of persons should not be allowed to appear and participate.
Otherwise, any person could, by merely serving a notice of intention to appear
in compliance with r 28 of the CWU Rules, become a party to a winding up
application, have a right to apply for orders and directions under s 257(2) of
the CA, and even appeal against the winding up order.

17 In In re Bradford Navigation Company (1870) LR 5 Ch App 600, the English
Court of Appeal held that no person has a right to be heard in a petition for
winding up of a company except for creditors and contributories. The court
explained (at 602) that, historically, contributories were the only ones who
could be heard in a winding up, but as the operation of winding up a company
interfered with creditors, Parliament (by legislation) made winding up a
matter for both creditors and contributories. Hence, while creditors and
contributories could be heard in a winding up application, it was something
entirely different to say that “any person who has an interest in, or a right
to or in respect of, some of the property of the company, large or small, has
a right to appear as a litigant”. Similarly, in In re SBA Properties Ltd
[1967] 1 WLR 799 at 802C–D, the court accepted that the only persons entitled
to appear at a hearing of a winding up application are the company, its
creditors and its contributories. This position was also accepted in Re Mid
East Trading Ltd [1997] 3 All ER 481, where the court included an Official
Receiver and any liquidator as persons with standing.

18 I turn to the case of PricewaterhouseCoopers v Saad Investments Co Ltd
[2014] 1 WLR 4482 (“PWC v Saad”). There, the company was wound up in the
Cayman Islands. The respondent liquidators then applied to wind up the company
in Bermuda for the sole purpose of enabling them to invoke the Bermudian
Companies Act (“Bermuda CA”) to order the appellant auditor (“PWC”), who was
registered in Bermuda, to produce documents and information relating to the
company. The Bermudian court granted the winding up and the order for
production. PWC, who was neither a contributory nor creditor of the company,
appealed to set aside that decision, raising the issue of whether it had
standing to challenge or appeal the Bermudian court’s decision. The Privy
Council held that the Bermudian court had no jurisdiction to wind up the
company. The court recognised (at [30] and [36]) the general proposition that
a person who is not the company, official receiver, liquidator, contributory
or creditor cannot be heard on a winding up petition and does not have locus
to challenge the making or continuation of the winding up order. However,
there was no reason why, in appropriate circumstances, a person who would be
directly affected by a winding up order should not have the right to be added
as a party to the proceedings. The circumstances where such a course would be
appropriate would be “exceptional” and “the mere fact that a person rightly
anticipates that his or her rights will be detrimentally affected as a result
of the winding up order would normally be quite insufficient to justify that
person being added as a party”. There, the Privy Council allowed PWC to be
added as a party to the winding up petition based on the “very unusual facts
of [the] case”.  
The challenge to the winding up order was based on a fundamental issue of
whether the Bermudian court had jurisdiction to grant a winding up order which
the Privy Council felt had to be seriously addressed, and the fact that the
sole ground for making the winding up order was to obtain relief against PWC.
Hence, it would have been a denial of justice if PWC could not challenge the
making of the order.

19 I was of the view that PWC v Saad does not detract from the general
principle that, in a winding up application, only the class of persons has a
right to be heard. PWC v Saad can be distinguished as the respondent had
applied for a winding up order in Bermuda for the sole purpose of obtaining a
relief against PWC via the Bermuda CA. The Privy Council had found that PWC
was the “sole direct targets” of the winding up application in Bermuda. In
such a case, where a relief sought is directed at a specific person, he should
be given an opportunity to be heard on the matter, as any order granted may
affect that person. This is consistent with the general principle that a
person who is a subject of an application should be given notice of the
application and an opportunity to be heard or to respond. This is also
embodied in r 7 of the CWU Rules, which provides that (subject to any express
exceptions) a winding up application must be served on the party affected, and
an interlocutory application must be served on every person against whom an
order is sought.

20 In the present case, the Non-Parties had no standing to be heard at the
application for the winding up, as they did not fall within the class of
persons or a person expressly provided for in the CA. Even the very limited
exception in PWC v Saad did not apply to them, as they were not the targets of
the winding up application. The Non-Parties attested that they merely wished
to set some facts straight and claimed to be “neutral” in the proceedings 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Minute sheet dated 6 July 2020 at p 2.

. However, at the same time, Chek Joo and Yuen attempted to argue that if the
court were to wind up the Company, this would jeopardise the livelihood of its
employees. In my view, it was not appropriate to give any regard to their
evidence (see also In re Craven Insurance Co Ltd [1968] 1 WLR 675). By their
own evidence, they were not seeking to oppose or challenge the winding up –
hence they could not rely on r 30 of the CWU Rules to adduce affidavit
evidence since r 30 provides for affidavits to be filed “in opposition” to a
winding up application. As for Liew, his position was even more tenuous, given
that he was a former employee of the Company and not a person who would have
been affected by the Company’s winding up 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Minute sheet dated 6 July 2020 at p 2.

. As such, I did not allow the Non-Parties the right to be heard on the
winding up application.

21 The Non-Parties’ reliance on Ambank ([11] supra) was misconceived. The
Malaysian High Court in Ambank held (at [13] and [16]) that nothing in the
plain reading of the Malaysian CWU Rules 1972 prohibits a non-
creditor/contributory from applying to be heard, and that since there was a
lacuna in that regard, O 15 r 6(2)(b) of the Rules of Court 2012 (M’sia)
(concerning the rule on joinder of parties) could apply to allow such a person
to apply to be heard. However, O 1 r 2(2) of the Singapore Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”) (based on the provision as it stood
at the material time) expressly provides that the Rules of Court do not apply
to winding up proceedings (save for certain provisions that are irrelevant for
the present purposes).

Section 285 of the CA

Roland’s and Raymond’s submissions

22 Next, Roland in SUM 563 applied for Raymond, Kenneth, Kang and Michael
(“the Witnesses”) to be orally examined, and for Raymond, Kenneth and Kang to
produce documents. His supporting affidavits and written submissions premised
his application on s 285 of the CA 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Roland’s 4th affidavit dated 6 February 2020 at [4]; Roland’s 5th affidavit
dated 5 March 2020 at [3]; Roland’s Written Submissions for SUM 563 dated 29
June 2020 at [27].

, although the summons also sought to invoke s 257(2) of the CA.

23 Roland, relying on Liquidator of W&P Piling Pte Ltd v Chew Yin What and
others [2004] 3 SLR(R) 164, submitted that s 285 of the CA gives the court a
wide discretion to call before it any person it finds relevant to the disposal
of the case. In particular, the Witnesses would be relevant to determine,
inter alia, whether the factual assertions have been made out for a winding up
on just and equitable grounds, whether it was Raymond who had breached his
duties to the Company, and whether the winding up application was commenced
for a collateral purpose and hence constituted an abuse of the court process.
Roland submitted that these were fact-sensitive issues.

24 Raymond opposed the application, on the basis that the documents or
information were not reasonably required. SUM 563 was taken out for a
collateral purpose and was not intended to facilitate a liquidator in
discharging his statutory function. Rather, Roland’s motivation was to
determine whether Raymond had caused the deadlock in the Company in order to
force Roland’s hand to buy him out on unfair terms, and the application was
motivated by a personal vendetta against Raymond. There was no benefit to an
application under s 285 of the CA as: (a) the issues that Roland sought to
cross-examine the Witnesses on were matters already addressed in affidavits
filed in the winding up application; (b) Roland had access to the documents he
was seeking; and (c) Raymond had provided a detailed explanation on the
circumstances relating to the transactions or events that Roland was seeking
information and documents on.

My decision

25 I dismissed SUM 563. As Roland and Raymond had subsequently agreed that the
former would buy out the latter’s shares in the Company, I no longer had to
determine whether the Company should be wound up. The focus here is on when s
285 of the CA can be invoked and by whom.

26 Whilst it is not entirely clear from the statute itself, s 285 of the CA
can be invoked by a liquidator (see Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP and others v
Celestial Nutrifoods Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) [2015] 3 SLR 665
(“Celestial Nutrifoods”) at [34]) and, as can be gleaned from r 49 of the CWU
Rules, by a contributory or a creditor. However, the court’s power under s 285
to summon a person to be examined on oath, to record his answers or to produce
documents can be invoked only after the court has ordered a winding up or
appointed a provisional liquidator.

27 The legislative history of s 285 of the CA was set out in Celestial
Nutrifoods at [38]–[39] and Re China Underwriters Life and General Insurance
Co Ltd [1988] 1 SLR(R) 40 (“Re China Underwriters”) at [41]–[42]. In gist, s
285 of the CA has its origins in s 117 of the Bankrupt Law Consolidation Act
1849 (12 & 13 Vict c 106) (UK), which was later adopted into s 115 of the
Companies Act 1862 (25 & 26 Vict c 89) (UK) (“1862 UK Act”), then s 174 of the
Companies (Consolidation) Act 1908 (c 69) (UK), s 214 of the Companies Act
1929 (c 23) (UK) (“1929 UK Act”), and s 268 of the Companies Act 1948 (c 38)
(UK) (“1948 UK Act”). This was then enacted in Singapore as s 211 of the
Companies Ordinance (Cap 174, 1955 Rev Ed) (“Companies Ordinance”). Section
115 of the 1862 UK Act initially only allowed the court to invoke the power to
summon a person after a winding-up order had been made, but this was expanded
in the 1929 UK Act to also allow the power to be invoked after the appointment
of a provisional liquidator (Re China Underwriters at [42]). It was this
expanded version which was enacted in Singapore, and s 211(1) of the Companies
Ordinance provided that the court’s power to summon a person to be examined
and to produce documents etc, may be made “at any time after the appointment
of a provisional liquidator or the making of a winding-up order” (“the
Phrase”). Hence, this made clear when the power could be invoked.

28 However, the Phrase in s 211(1) of the Companies Ordinance was removed when
s 211 was re-enacted as s 249 of the Companies Act (Act 42 of 1967)
(“Companies Act 1967”). Instead, s 249 of the Companies Act 1967 was
remodelled to be identical to s 249 of the Companies Act 1961 (Aus), which had
likewise been derived from s 268 of the 1948 UK Act. Section 249(1) of the
Companies Act 1967 read:

The Court may summon before it any officer of the company or person known or
suspected to have in his possession any property of the company or supposed to
be indebted to the company, or any person whom the Court deems capable of
giving information concerning the promotion, formation, trade dealings,
affairs or property of the company.

29 Whilst the removal of the Phrase may suggest that the powers under s 249
were no longer restricted to situations of winding up or where a provisional
liquidator had been appointed, legislative material suggests that there was no
intent to make such a substantive change. The Explanatory Statement to the
Companies Bill (Bill No 58/1966) stated that the clauses in Part X of the
Companies Bill (which included what was eventually s 249 of the Companies Act
1967) “more or less reproduce[d] the provisions of the existing [Companies]
Ordinance”. A similar point was made in Re China Underwriters (albeit in the
context of whether the court could exercise its jurisdiction in relation to a
foreign company not wound up in Singapore) where the court noted (at [42])
that the removal of the Phrase was probably because it was thought to be
superfluous.

30 As such, the omission of the Phrase from s 249 of the Companies Act 1967
(and maintained as such in s 285 of the CA) did not change the original intent
that the powers under that section could only be invoked where a winding up
order has been made or a provisional liquidator had been appointed.

31 This is further supported by r 49 of the CWU Rules, which provides that if
a s 285 application is made by a creditor or contributory, the summons and
affidavit in support of the application shall be served on the liquidator –
this requirement can only be fulfilled if the company has been wound up or a
liquidator appointed. The above interpretation also accords with the purpose
of s 285, which is to assist a liquidator in the accumulation of information
that would enable or facilitate in the discharge of his duties (Celestial
Nutrifoods at [34] and [41]). The procedure in s 285 to summon a person is not
meant for the purpose of determining whether a winding up should be granted –
in such a case, the proper procedure lies in s 257(2) of the CA, which allows
the court on a winding up application to do certain things including directing
a trial and directing that oral evidence be taken.

32 As such, where Roland invoked s 285 of the CA, I dismissed his application.
Even on the basis of s 257 of the CA, I did not consider it necessary to order
the Witnesses to be orally examined or for Raymond, Kenneth and Kang to
produce documents. Raymond and Roland had filed numerous affidavits and
exhibited documents to support their respective applications in favour of, or
in opposition to, the winding up. It was not disputed that their relationship
had broken down and that there is a deadlock in the Company. However, the
Company’s Constitution provided for a share buy-out mechanism, and thus it was
not a case in which there was no ability for a shareholder to exit the Company
(see Perennial (Capitol) Pte Ltd and another v Capitol Investment Holdings Pte
Ltd and other appeals [2018] 1 SLR 763 at [51]). The main issue would have
turned on whether the buy-out provision in the Constitution had been properly
invoked and utilised, and this would turn on the wording of the Constitution
and whether the brothers had applied the share buy-out mechanism in accordance
with the Constitution. There was no need for witnesses to be orally examined
on this issue or on the other allegations in dispute (at [7]–[8] above). As
for the production of documents, any relevant documents would be in the
possession of the Company, of which Roland was a director. He was thus in a
position to obtain access to them.

Conclusion

33 To conclude, the Non-Parties had no standing to appear and to be heard in
the winding up application. I also dismissed SUM 563. As Roland and Raymond
eventually agreed that the former would buy out the latter’s shares in the
Company, the question of whether the Company should be wound up was no longer
in issue, and I need say no more on this.

Audrey Lim  
Judge

Koh Choon Guan Daniel and Ng Wei Ying (Eldan Law LLP) for the plaintiff;

The defendant unrepresented;

Ling Daw Hoang Philip and Chua Cheng Yew (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for Ang
Chek Poh;

Wong Liang Kok and Linus Lin Zhiyi (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for the non-parties.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

