Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 245

Originating Summons No 1416 of 2019 (Summons No 1841 of 2020)

In the matter of Section 273(3) of the Companies Act (Cap. 50)

And

In the matter of The Wellness Group Pte Ltd (in liquidation)

(1)| Seshadri Rajagopalan  
---|---  
(2)| Jotangia Paresh Tribhovan  
|  
  
… Applicant(s)

Originating Summons No 434 of 2020

In the matter of Section 272(1)(d) of the Companies Act (Cap. 50)

And

In the matter of The Wellness Group Pte Ltd (in liquidation)

(1)| Seshadri Rajagopalan  
---|---  
(2)| Jotangia Paresh Tribhovan  
|  
  
… Applicant(s)

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Insolvency Law] — [Winding up] — [Liquidator] — [Powers] — [Court sanction]

[Insolvency Law] — [Winding up] — [Liquidator] — [Discontinuance of action]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Seshadri Rajagopalan and another and another matter

[2020] SGHC 245

High Court — Originating Summons No 1416 of 2019 (Summons No 1841 of 2020) and
Originating Summons No 434 of 2020  
Chua Lee Ming J  
4 August 2020

10 November 2020

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 The Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed”) (“CA”) grants liquidators a panoply
of powers that enable them to carry out their tasks. Some of these powers may
be exercised on the liquidator’s own volition; others require the Court’s
approval. Under s 272(1)(d) of the CA, the liquidator’s power to compromise
debts owing to the company in liquidation is subject to approval by the Court
or the committee of inspection. The main issue in these proceedings concerned
the approach that the Court should take in deciding whether to grant such
approval.

2 The applicants in both applications, Mr Seshadri Rajagopalan and Mr Jotangia
Paresh Tribhovan, are the joint and several liquidators (collectively, the
“Liquidators”) of The Wellness Group Pte Ltd (“Wellness”), which was ordered
to be wound up in Companies Winding Up No 62 of 2018 (“CWU 62/2018”).

3 The first application was Originating Summons No 434 of 2020 (“OS
434/2020”), in which the Liquidators sought the Court’s approval authorising
them to compromise and discharge Wellness’ claims against (a) Sunbreeze Group
Investments Ltd (“Sunbreeze”); and (b) Mr Manoj Mohan Murjani (“Manoj”) and
Mrs Kanchan Manoj Murjani (“Kanchan”), on the terms of a draft Deed of
Settlement (the “Settlement Deed”). Sunbreeze, which was wholly owned and
controlled by Manoj and Kanchan, held 80.62% of the shareholding in Wellness.
At the material times, Manoj and Kanchan were also directors of Wellness.

4 The second application was Summons No 1841 of 2020 (“SUM 1841/2020”), filed
in Originating Summons No 1416 of 2019 (“OS 1416/2019”). In Originating
Summons No 1416 of 2019 (“OS 1416/2019”), the Liquidators had applied for an
order that they be at liberty to take all steps as they deem necessary to
recover a sum of $8,866,057.70 from Sunbreeze. In SUM 1841/2020, the
applicants sought the leave of Court to discontinue OS 1416/2019. It was
common ground that SUM 1841/2020 was contingent on the Court’s approval in OS
434/2020. OS 1416/2019 would no longer be required if the approval sought in
OS 434/2020 was granted.

5 After considering the parties’ written and oral submissions, I granted the
Liquidators’ applications in both OS 434/2020 and SUM 1841/2020.

Factual background

6 In April 2018, two shareholders of Wellness, Vickers Private Equity Fund VII
LP and Vickers Fund II LP (collectively, "the Vickers Funds”), filed CWU
62/2018, in which they applied for a winding up order against Wellness under s
254(1)(f) and s 254(1)(i) of the CA. Subsequently, the Vickers Funds withdrew
their application and another shareholder, EQ Capital Investments Ltd (“EQ
Capital”), was substituted as the plaintiff in place of the Vickers Funds.

7 On 2 May 2019, I ordered Wellness to be wound up (see EQ Capital Investments
Ltd v The Wellness Group Pte Ltd [2019] SGHC 154). I was satisfied that EQ
Capital had established sufficient grounds to justify the winding up of
Wellness under both ss 251(1)(f) and 254(1)(i) of the CA.

8 On 17 May 2019, I approved the appointment of the Liquidators. No committee
of inspection was established in Wellness’ liquidation.

9 Sunbreeze and Wellness appealed against my decision to wind up Wellness in
Civil Appeal No 96 of 2019 and Civil Appeal No 114 of 2019 respectively. On 16
January 2020, the Court of Appeal dismissed both appeals, finding that the
grounds for the winding up were satisfied and that the winding up order had
been properly made in the circumstances of the case.

The Settlement Deed

10 In CWU 62/2018, I had made the following findings, among others:

(a) Manoj had caused Wellness to borrow $1.05m from Sunbreeze and this sum was
used to pay the party-and party costs ordered against Wellness and Manoj in
respect of an earlier action in High Court Suit No 187 of 2014 (“S 187/2014”).
S 187/2014 was a claim by Wellness and Manoj for oppression; it was dismissed
(see The Wellness Group Pte Ltd and another v OSIM International Ltd and
others and another suit [2016] SGHC 64) and the appeal to the Court of Appeal
in Civil Appeal No 64 of 2016 was also dismissed.

(b) Manoj had caused Wellness to distribute dividends to Wellness’
shareholders in excess of the company’s accumulated profit for the year ended
31 March 2011. The excess dividends amounted to $10,997,730.49.

11 The Liquidators demanded payment of the excess dividends from the
shareholders of Wellness. The Vickers Funds and EQ Capital repaid their
respective shares of the excess dividends to Wellness. Sunbreeze declined to
repay its share, which amounted to $8,866,057.70. Instead, Sunbreeze demanded
that the Liquidators call for an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) to
authorise and direct the Liquidators to divide among the shareholders in
specie assignments of each shareholder’s respective share of the excess
dividends, subject to payment of the company’s liabilities. The EGM was held
on 11 November 2019 and, given Sunbreeze’s 80.62% shareholding, the resolution
was passed.

12 The Liquidators did not believe that the resolution was in the best
interests of the company. They also believed that Sunbreeze had a conflict of
interests in voting on the resolution. They therefore filed OS 1416/2019 (see
[4] above).

13 After the appeals against my decision in CWU 62/2018 were dismissed, the
Liquidators were approached to engage in without prejudice negotiations with
Sunbreeze, Manoj and Kanchan on the global resolution of claims that Wellness
may have against them and claims that each may have against Wellness. The
negotiations resulted in the Settlement Deed that was the subject matter of OS
434/2020 (see [3] above).

14 The Settlement Deed settled Wellness’ claims against:

(a) Sunbreeze for $8,866,057.70, being Sunbreeze’s share of the excess
dividends (the “Sunbreeze Excess Distribution”); and

(b) Manoj for $522,056.89, being Manoj’s purported share of the taxed costs
and disbursements relating to S 187/2014 that had been paid by Wellness (the
“Manoj Suit 187 Costs)".

15 In summary, the Settlement Deed provided as follows:

(a) Sunbreeze, Manoj and Kanchan agreed to be jointly and severally liable to
pay the Settlement Sum, ie, the Sunbreeze Excess Distribution and the Manoj
Suit 187 Costs less the Final Adjudicated Amount. The Final Adjudicated Amount
was such amount that may be admitted by the Liquidators or the Court (in the
event that Sunbreeze and/or Manoj appealed against the Liquidators’ decision)
in respect of a sum of $4,595,000 claimed by Sunbreeze in its proof of debt.

(b) Payment of the Settlement Sum was to be made in instalments:

(i) The first instalment of $1m was to be paid within three business days from
the date of the court’s approval of the Settlement Deed (the “Initial Payment
Date”).

(ii) A second instalment of $1m was to be paid within six months from the
Initial Payment Date.

(iii) The balance amount was to be paid by the later of five business days
from the date the Final Adjudicated Amount was determined, or 12 months from
the Initial Payment Date.

(c) Sunbreeze, Manoj and Kanchan were to deposit the first instalment with Rev
Law LLC upon execution of the Settlement Deed, and to furnish a bankers’
guarantee for the second instalment by the Initial Payment Date.

(d) If Sunbreeze, Manoj and/or Kanchan defaulted in making any payment or
breached any of the terms of the Settlement Deed, the entire Settlement Sum
would become immediately due and payable, with interest at 5.33% per annum
from the due date up to the date of actual payment.

(e) Kanchan, Manoj and Sunbreeze irrevocably agreed not to contest, and to
consent to judgment in any legal proceedings that may be brought by Wellness
and/or the Liquidators against Manoj and/or Sunbreeze in the first instance or
against Kanchan in the second instance, to recover any sum due under the
Settlement Deed.

16 The Liquidators then filed OS 434/2020 seeking the Court’s approval for
them to compromise the claims against Sunbreeze and Manoj on the terms of the
Settlement Deed.

OS 434/2020: Application to approve the Settlement Deed

17 The Liquidators’ application was made pursuant to s 272(1)(d) of the CA,
which reads as follows:

Powers of liquidator

272.—(1) The liquidator may with the authority either of the Court or of the
committee of inspection –-

…

(d) compromise any calls and liabilities to calls, debts and liabilities
capable of resulting in debts and any claims present or future, certain or
contingent, ascertained or sounding only in damages subsisting, or supposed to
subsist, between the company and a contributory or other debtor or person
apprehending liability to the company, and all questions in any way relating
to or affecting the assets or the winding up of the company, on such terms as
are agreed, and take any security for the discharge of any such call, debt,
liability or claim and give a complete discharge in respect thereof; and

…

(2) The liquidator may ––

…

(b) compromise any debt due to the company, other than calls and liabilities
to calls and other than a debt where the amount claimed by the company to be
due to it exceeds $1,500;

…

As there was no committee of inspection, the Liquidators sought the Court’s
approval.

18 I was informed that the only reported decision in Singapore on s 272(1)(d)
is the High Court decision in Re Barring Futures (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in
compulsory liquidation) [2002] SGHC 15. In that case, the liquidators applied
for the Court’s sanction of a scheme of arrangement. In the course of the
proceedings, the liquidators also applied pursuant to s 272(1)(d) of the CA
for sanction of seven netting off deeds on contribution liability and costs.
The Court gave its approval but did not discuss s 272(1)(d) (at [16]).

19 The Liquidators then referred me to the position in England and Australia.

The position in England

20 Section 167(1)(a) of the UK Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (“UKIA”) provided
that where a company is being wound up by the court, the liquidator may “with
the sanction of the court or the liquidation committee, exercise any of the
powers specified in Parts I and II of Schedule 4 …”. Paragraphs 2 and 3 of
Part I of Schedule 4 of the UKIA provided for the liquidator’s power as
follows:

2\. Power to make any compromise or arrangement with creditors or persons
claiming to be creditors, or having or alleging themselves to have any claim
(present or future, certain or contingent, ascertained or sounding only in
damages) against the company, or whereby the company may be rendered liable.

3\. Power to compromise, on such terms as may be agreed –

(a) all calls and liabilities to calls, debts and liabilities capable of
resulting in debts and any claims (present or future, certain or contingent,
ascertained or sounding only in damages) subsisting, or supposed to subsist,
between the company and a contributory or other debtor or person apprehending
liability to the company, and

(b) all questions in any way relating to or affecting the assets or the
winding up of the company,

and take any security for the discharge of any such call, debt, liability or
claim and give a complete discharge in respect of it.

Paragraph 3 was in pari materia to s 272(1)(d) of the CA.

21 In Re Edennote Ltd (No. 2) [1997] 2 BCLC 89 (“Re Edennote”), there was no
liquidation committee and the liquidator applied to the court for an order
sanctioning a proposed compromise of proceedings. The liquidator was not in
funds to pursue the court action. The Court sanctioned the compromise.
Lightman J set out the approach to be adopted as follows (at 92):

Where a liquidator seeks the sanction of the court and takes the view that a
compromise is in the best interest of the creditors, in any ordinary case,
where…there is no suggestion of a lack of good faith by the liquidator or that
he is partisan the court will attach considerable weight to the liquidator’s
views unless the evidence reveals substantial reasons why it should not do so,
or that for some reason or other his view is flawed.

22 Re Edennote was cited with approval by the English Court of Appeal in Re
Greenhaven Motors Ltd (in liquidation) [1999] BCLC 635 (“Re Greenhaven”).
Chadwick LJ set out the following additional guidance on the approach to be
taken by the Court (at 642):

In deciding whether or not to sanction a proposed compromise the court must
consider whether the interests of those, whether creditors or contributories,
who have a real interest in the assets of a company in liquidation are likely
to be best served (i) by permitting the company to enter into that compromise
with all the terms that it contains; or (ii) by not permitting the company to
enter into that compromise. It is not for the court to speculate whether the
terms of the proposed compromise were the best that could have been obtained;
or whether the proposed compromise would have been better if it did not
contain all the terms that it does contain. Unless it is satisfied that, if
the company is not permitted to enter into the compromise on the terms which
the liquidator has negotiated, there will then be better terms or some of
compromise offer, the decision is between the proposed compromise and no
compromise at all.

In reaching that decision, the court may have to weigh the different interests
of creditors and contributories and, perhaps, the different interests of
preferential and non-preferential creditors. It will not give weight to the
wishes of those who will be unaffected whichever way the decision goes, for
example, the interests of contributories who have no realistic prospect of
receiving a distribution in any foreseeable circumstances, or the wishes of
preferential or secure creditors who will be paid in full in any event.
Subject to that, the court will give weight to the wishes of creditors and
contributories whose interests it has to consider, for the reason that
creditors and contributories, if uninfluenced by extraneous consideration, are
likely to be good judges of where their own best interests lie. For the same
reason the court will give weight to the views of the liquidator, who may, and
normally will, be in the best position to take an informed and objective view.
But, as I have said, at the end of the day it is for the court to decide
whether or not to sanction the compromise.

23 In Re Greenhaven, the Court of Appeal refused to sanction the compromise.
The Court found that (a) the settlement agreement conferred no discernible
benefit on any creditor or contributory of the company; (b) the fact that some
benefit might be conferred on the Liquidator personally, was no reason for the
Court to sanction the compromise; (c) there was some risk, perhaps remote,
that the agreement might cause loss to the company by reason of the very wide
terms of the release contained in it; and (d) by contrast there was no
detriment to the company if it was not permitted to enter into the agreement.

The position in Australia

24 Section 477(1)(d) read with ss 477(2A) and 477(2B) of Australian
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (“ACA”) provide as follows:

Powers of liquidator

477.—(1) Subject to this section, a liquidator of a company may

…

(d) compromise any calls and liabilities to calls, debts and liabilities
capable of resulting in debts and any claims (present or future, certain or
contingent, ascertained or sounding only in damages) subsisting, or supposed
to subsist, between the company and a contributory or other debtor or person
apprehending liability to the company, and all questions in any way relating
to or affecting the assets or the winding up of the company, on such terms as
are agreed, and take any security for the discharge of, and give a complete
discharge in respect of, any such call, debt, liability or claim.

…

(2A) Except with the approval of the Court, of the committee of inspection or
of a resolution of the creditors, a liquidator of a company must not
compromise a debt of the company if the amount claimed by the company is more
than:

(a) if an amount greater than $20,000 is prescribed-the prescribed amount; or

(b) otherwise--$20,000.

(2B) Except with the approval of the Court, of the committee of inspection or
of a resolution of the creditors, a liquidator of a company must not enter
into an agreement on the company’s behalf (for example, but without
limitation, a lease or an agreement under which a security interest arises or
is created) if:

(a) without limiting paragraph (b), the term of the agreement may end; or

(b) obligations of a party to the agreement may, according to the terms of the
agreement, be discharged by performance;

more than 3 months after the agreement is entered into, even if the term may
end, or the obligation may be discharged, within those 3 months.

…

25 Section 272(1)(d) of the CA is substantially similar to s 477(1)(d) read
with s 477(2A) of the ACA, except that:

(a) under s 477(2A) of the ACA, the monetary threshold below which the
liquidator can compromise debts without further approval, is A$20,000 or
higher (if so prescribed) whereas under s 272(2)(b) of the CA, the threshold
is S$1,500; and

(b) under s 477(2A) of the ACA, the liquidator may compromise debts with the
approval of the company’s creditors whereas this is not provided for under s
272(1) of the CA.

26 In Re Sheahan (as joint and several liquidators of BCI Finances Pty Ltd,
BINQLD Finances Pty Ltd, EGL Development (Canberra) Pty Ltd, Ligon 267 Pty
Ltd) (all in liquidation) [2018] FCA 1499 (“Re Sheahan”), the Federal Court of
Australia held (at [16]) that the principles relating to an approval under s
477(2A) were the same as those under s 477(2B) of the ACA and referred to the
following summary of the principles set out in Stewart, Re Newtronics Pty Ltd
[2007] FCA 1375:

(1) the Court does not simply “rubber stamp” what is put forward by a
liquidator. As Giles J observed in Re Spedley Securities (in liq) (1992) 9
ACSR 83 at 85 – 86:

“[T]he Court is necessarily confined in attempting to second guess the
liquidator in the exercise of his powers, and generally will not interfere
unless there can be seen to be some lack of good faith, some error in law or
principle, or real and substantial grounds for doubting the prudence of the
liquidator’s conduct. The same restraint must apply when the question is
whether the liquidator should be authorised to enter into a particular
transaction the benefits and burdens of which require assessment on a
commercial basis. Of course, the compromise of claims will involve assessment
on a legal basis, and a liquidator will be expected (as was made plain in Re
Chase Corporation (Australia) Equities Ltd) to obtain advice and, as a prudent
person would in the conduct of his own affairs, advice from practitioners
appropriate to the nature and value of the claims. But in all but the simplest
case, and demonstrably in the present case, commercial considerations play a
significant part in whether a compromise will be for the benefit of the
creditors”.

(2) the Court will not approve an agreement if its terms are unclear: Re
United Medical Protection (No 4) [2002] NSWSC 741.

(3) the role of the Court is to grant or deny approval to the liquidator’s
proposal. As such, its role is not to develop some alternative proposal which
might seem preferable: Corporate Affairs Commission v ASC Timber Pty Ltd
[1998] NSWSC 596.

(4) in reviewing the liquidator’s proposal, the Court’s task is “[not] to
reconsider all of the issues which have been weighed up by the liquidator in
developing the proposal, and to substitute its determination for his in…a
hearing de novo but…simply to review the liquidator’s proposal, paying due
regard to his or her commercial judgment and knowledge of all of the
circumstances of the liquidation, satisfying itself there is no error of law
or ground for suspecting bad faith or impropriety, and weighing up whether
there is any good reason to intervene in terms of the ‘expeditious and
beneficial administration’ of the winding up (ASC Timber at 1,650).

(5) further, in deciding whether or not a liquidator should be given
permission to enter into a funding agreement (whether retrospective or not),
it is important to ensure, inter alia, that the entity or person providing the
funding is not given a benefit disproportionate to the risk undertaken in
light of the funding that is promised or a grossly excessive profit: Anstella
Nominees Pty Ltd v St George Motor Finance Ltd (2003 21 ACLC 1,347 at [11].

(6) generally, the Court grants approval under s 477(2B) of the Act only where
the transaction is the proper realisation of the assets of the company or
otherwise assists in the winding up of the company: GDK Financial Solutions at
[58].

White J also emphasised (at [17]):

… the Court’s approval is not an endorsement of a proposed agreement. It is
instead a permission for liquidators to exercise their own commercial
judgment. The Court satisfies itself that there is no good reason to intervene
in the administration of the winding up insofar as that is reflected in the
agreement for the compromise of the debts.

27 In Re Sheahan, the Court approved the settlement agreement for the
following reasons (at [18] – [25]):

(a) the creditors of each of the liquidated companies had given their approval
for the compromise pursuant to s 477(2B) and had communicated their
willingness to give approval pursuant to s 477(2A) of the ACA;

(b) the number of creditors was small and in cases where there was more than
one creditor, the Deputy Commissioner of Taxation was by far the largest
creditor and was actively involved in the negotiation of the proposed
agreement;

(c) the approval would result in the payment of substantial sums to the
liquidated companies;

(d) the liquidators had taken advice from senior counsel and the legal
advisors had advised in favour of entering into the proposed arrangement;

(e) the liquidators were experienced and had said that the settlement
agreement would be in the best interests of the creditors of the liquidated
companies;

(f) the content of the proposed agreement was detailed and complex and close
consideration must have been given and was not ill-considered or hastily
prepared; and

(g) there were no other considerations which should cause the Court concern
about granting its approval.

The approach to be adopted under s 272(1)(d) of the Companies Act

28 It seemed to me that the English and Australian positions were not really
all that different and I respectfully agree in general with the principles set
out in Re Greenhaven and in Re Sheahan. In my view, in deciding whether to
approve an application by a liquidator under s 272(1)(d) of the CA, the Court
has to satisfy itself that the terms of the compromise are in the interests of
the company. In making this determination, the Court:

(a) neither “rubber stamps” the liquidator’s decision to enter into the
compromise nor reviews the liquidator’s decision as though it were hearing an
appeal;

(b) does not speculate on whether better terms could have been obtained;

(c) should not approve a compromise if its terms are unclear;

(d) should accord weight to the liquidator’s view unless there are substantial
grounds to suspect bad faith or that the liquidator’s view is clearly flawed;

(e) should consider the interests of those who have a real interest in the
assets of the company and accord weight to their views unless there are
substantial grounds to suspect bad faith or that the views are clearly flawed;
if necessary, the court may direct that a meeting be called for this purpose;

(f) should disregard the interests of those who will be unaffected whichever
way the decision goes, for example, the interests of contributories who have
no realistic prospect of receiving a distribution in any foreseeable
circumstances, or the wishes of preferential or secure creditors who will be
paid in full in any event; and

(g) should ask the question as to whether the interests of those who have a
real interest in the assets of the company are likely to be served by
permitting the company to enter into the compromise than by not permitting the
company to do so.

Whether the Settlement Deed should be approved

29 Under the Settlement Deed, Sunbreeze, Manoj and Kanchan jointly and
severally agreed to pay the Sunbreeze Excess Distribution and the Manoj Suit
187 Costs in full, less the Final Adjudicated Amount. In return, Wellness
agreed to an instalment payment schedule (see [15(b)] above).

30 The Liquidators submitted that the Settlement Deed was in the interests of
Wellness for the following reasons:

(a) There will be clear savings in terms of time and costs. Even if the
Liquidators obtained an order under OS 1416/2019 granting them liberty to take
the necessary steps to recover the Sunbreeze Excess Distribution, separate
legal proceedings would still have to be commenced to pursue the recovery.

(b) The first instalment payment of $1m would be deposited with Rev Law LLC
upon execution of the Settlement Deed and the second instalment payment of $1m
would be secured by a bankers’ guarantee. In the event of default, the entire
amount payable under the Settlement Deed would become immediately due and
payable with interest. Sunbreeze, Manoj and Kanchan have undertaken not to
contest and to agree to judgment in any subsequent enforcement proceedings.
They will also indemnify Wellness and the Liquidators for costs incurred in
any such enforcement proceedings.

(c) The Settlement Deed avoided expensive and protracted litigation and
reduced risks of recovery occasioned by protracted litigation.

31 EQ Capital objected to the application and submitted that the Settlement
Deed did not serve the interests of and was highly unfair to EQ Capital and
the creditors of Wellness for the following reasons:

(a) There was no reason why Sunbreeze, Manoj and Kanchan should be given the
benefit of repaying the Sunbreeze Excess Distribution and the Manoj Suit 187
Costs in instalments over such a long period. EQ Capital submitted that there
could be no dispute that Sunbreeze was liable to repay the excess dividends
that it had received.

(b) No interest was payable on the Sunbreeze Excess Distribution and the Manoj
Suit 187 Costs (unless there was default).

(c) There was no indemnity for the legal fees and costs incurred by Wellness
in relation to OS 1416/2019, which the Liquidators were compelled to file
because of (i) Sunbreeze’s repeated and wrongful refusal to repay its share of
the excess dividends and (ii) the steps it took to block the Liquidators from
recovering the monies, by pushing through the resolution at the EGM on 11
November 2019 (see [11] above).

(d) There was no justification for Sunbreeze, Manoj and Kanchan to be given
the benefit of any set off against the amount claimed by Sunbreeze in its
proof of debt since there could be no dispute that Sunbreeze and Manoj were
liable to repay the Sunbreeze Excess Distribution and the Manoj Suit 187 Costs
respectively, immediately and in full.

32 Taking all the circumstances into consideration, I was of the view that the
Settlement Deed should be approved. The Settlement Deed was prima facie in the
interests of the company. Its terms were clear. There was no suggestion of bad
faith and the Liquidators’ reasons could not be said to be flawed. Although
Wellness’ claims for repayment of the Sunbreeze Excess Distribution and the
Manoj Suit 187 Costs seemed to be strong ones, it did not necessarily mean
that any action to recover the same would not be more costly and/or
protracted. With the Settlement Deed, the only matter that remained
outstanding was the adjudication of Sunbreeze’s proof of debt (including the
disposal of any appeal against the adjudication), which would have been
necessary in any event. Further, even if the Liquidators did sue, obtain
judgment and recover the moneys, it would not have been prudent for them to
make use of the moneys pending the disposal of an appeal (if any).

33 The Settlement Deed substantially reduced, if not removed, the risks and
costs of protracted litigation. Under the Settlement Deed, Sunbreeze, Manoj
and Kanchan undertook not to contest and to agree to judgment if the
Liquidators had to sue on the Settlement Deed. In addition, the Liquidators
would receive the first payment of $1m within three business days of the
Court’s approval of the Settlement Deed and another $1m within six months of
the first payment.

34 It seemed to me that the interests of Wellness and its contributories were
better served by permitting the company to enter into the Settlement Deed. It
could not be said that not entering into the Settlement Deed would be more
beneficial to the company and its contributories.

35 In my view, the objections raised by EQ Capital did not tilt the balance.
EQ Capital’s argument based on the strength of Wellness’ claims has been dealt
with above. It was not unreasonable that the Settlement Deed, being a
compromise, did not provide for any interest (unless there was default) or for
an indemnity for legal fees in relation to OS 1416/2019. EQ Capital’s
objections merely showed that it disagreed with the Liquidators’ considered
view that the Settlement Deed was in the interests of the company. The mere
fact that EQ Capital came to a different conclusion was no reason to not
approve the Settlement Deed.

36 It was understandable that EQ Capital felt that the Settlement Deed was
unfair to it. After all, it had repaid its share of the excess dividends in
response to the Liquidators’ demand whereas Sunbreeze had refused to do so and
now was being given time to pay. However, in my view, this too was inadequate
reason to not approve the Settlement Deed.

SUM 1841/2020: Application to discontinue OS 1416/2019

37 As stated at [4] above, it was not disputed by the parties that SUM
1841/2020 was contingent on the Court’s approval of the Settlement Deed. As I
granted the Liquidators’ application to approve the Settlement Deed, I thus
also granted the Liquidators’ application in SUM 1841/2020 to discontinue OS
1416/2019.

Conclusion

38 For the reasons stated above, I allowed both applications by the
Liquidators.

39 I made no order for costs in respect of OS 434/2020. As OS 1416/2019 was
withdrawn following my approval for the Liquidators to compromise the claims
against Sunbreeze and Manoj on the terms of the Settlement Deed in OS
434/2020, I similarly made no order as to costs for the discontinuance of OS
1416/2019 in SUM 1841/2020.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge

  
Balakrishnan Ashok Kumar, Tay Kang-Rui Darius and Lim Yin Li (BlackOak LLC)
for the applicants;  
Jaikanth Shankar, Tan Ruo Yu, Yee Guang Yi and Terence De Silva (Davinder
Singh Chambers LLC) for the first non-party; Lin Chunlong and Dana Chang
(WongPartnership LLP) for the second non-party; Jasmine Yong (Tan Rajah &
Cheah) for the third non-party (watching brief).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 08 Mar 2021 (17:05 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

