Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 50

Civil Appeal No 185 of 2019 and Summons No 51 of 2020

Between

Alphire Group Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant / Appellant

And

Law Chau Loon  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of HC/Originating Summons No 730 of 2019

In the matter of Order 45, Rule 11 of the  
Rules of Court (Cap 322, Rule 5)  
---  
  
Between

Law Chau Loon  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Alphire Group Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

ex Tempore judgment

[Agency] — [Implied authority of agent] — [Settlement agreement]  

[Contract] — [Formation] — [Identifiable agreement that is complete and
certain]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Alphire Group Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Law Chau Loon and another matter

[2020] SGCA 50

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 185 of 2019 and Summons No 51 of 2020  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Woo Bih Li J and Quentin Loh J  
19 May 2020

19 May 2020

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 We first deal with the appellant’s application in Summons No 51 of 2020
(“SUM 51”) to strike out paras 19(a), 19(b), 20 and 21 of the respondent’s
case, as well as certain documents exhibited under S/N 2 of the respondent’s
supplementary core bundle, which consist of exhibits of the respondent’s
affidavit of evidence-in-chief in Suit No 822 of 2015 (“Suit 822”). We allow
the application. This is because, for the documents other than those exhibited
under S/N 2 of the respondent’s supplementary core bundle, the Assistant
Registrar in Summons No 4359 of 2019 had already dismissed the respondent’s
application to adduce further evidence (which included these same WhatsApp
messages) on the basis that they were not relevant. The appeal against the
Assistant Registrar’s decision in Registrars’ Appeal No 267 of 2019 was
similarly dismissed, with leave being denied to adduce further evidence. The
remaining documents in S/N 2 of the respondent’s supplementary core bundle
should have been introduced in the court below but were not. In any event, we
are of the view that the materials which the respondent seeks to rely on have
no bearing on the present appeal.

2 The appellant appeals against the decision of the High Court Judge (“the
Judge”) in Law Chau Loon v Alphire Group Pte Ltd [2019] SGHC 275 to grant a
declaration that a settlement agreement reached between the appellant and the
respondent is valid and binding. The appellant, Alphire Group Pte Ltd, is a
Singapore-incorporated company in the business of arranging visits to foreign
casinos – a process known as “junkets” – while the respondent, Law Chau Loon,
was a former director in the appellant. The settlement agreement was in
relation to a separate suit between the same parties in Suit 822 in which the
appellant was awarded judgment for monies which the respondent had collected
from certain clients in relation to the junkets business, but had failed to
pay over.

3 By way of brief background, three individuals, Han Seng Juan (“Han”), Loh
Kim Kang David, and Wong Kok Hoe (“Wong”), whom we will refer to as “the
Investors”, met the respondent at the Sheraton Hotel on 2 February 2019. The
respondent alleged that at this meeting, he and the Investors reached a
settlement of the judgment debt in relation to Suit 822 (“the Judgment Debt”)
on various terms which included the payment of $1.4m by him, with an initial
payment of $1m to be made. It is undisputed that he did pass the Investors $1m
in cash at this meeting. Shortly after the meeting, Han sent the respondent a
WhatsApp message, stating, amongst other things, that “if [Law] pays …
S$1m[illion] … plus S$400,000 in 4 instalments of S$100,000 each”, the
Investors would agree to the settlement and would withdraw the pending
bankruptcy petition against the respondent. Subsequently, there was a series
of email correspondence between the appellant’s solicitors and the
respondent’s solicitors in relation to the alleged settlement and its terms.

4 The Judge in the court below found that the Investors had implied actual
authority to bind the appellant to the settlement agreement, which could be
inferred from the parties’ conduct and the overall circumstances of the case.
In particular, the Judge emphasised that the relevant (and objective) evidence
showed that the appellant’s directors were subservient to the Investors, and
that the directors reported to the Investors on issues relating to the
appellant’s management, operations and profitability. As for the settlement
agreement, the Judge found that it was contractually binding, and that its
terms mirrored those described in the WhatsApp message sent by Han to the
respondent.

5 In this appeal, the appellant claims that the Investors did not have implied
actual authority, and that, as a result of the correspondence between the
parties’ solicitors after 2 February 2019, which were marked as “without
prejudice” or “subject to contract”, there was no “full and final settlement”
on 2 February 2019 between the respondent and the appellant.

6 Having carefully considered the parties’ submissions, we agree with the
Judge’s decision and dismiss the appeal. We now set out the oral grounds for
our decision.

7 On the first issue as to whether the Investors had implied actual authority,
the relevant legal principles are very well established. The court may find
implied actual authority through the parties’ conduct and the circumstances of
a particular case, such as where directors appoint one among their members to
be a managing director to do things usual within the scope of that office (see
the English Court of Appeal decision in Hely-Hutchinson v Brayhead Ltd [1968]
1 QB 549 and also the decision of this court in Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken
AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
another and another suit [2009] 4 SLR(R) 788 at [30]). Ultimately, the
cornerstone of both express and implied actual authority is a consensual
agreement between the principal and the agent, the latter of which may be
implied from the words and conduct of the parties, who will be deemed to have
consented if they have agreed to what, in law, amounts to such a relationship,
even if they later profess to disclaim it (see the decision of this court in
Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 308 at
[148]). In the final analysis, in making a finding of implied actual
authority, the court must imply from the parties’ conduct and the surrounding
circumstances both the existence of the agent’s authority and the scope of
that authority (see also Tan Cheng Han, The Law of Agency (Academy Publishing,
2nd Ed, 2017) at para 03.027).

8 Having these principles in mind, we consider the particular facts and
circumstances of this case which, in our view, clearly show that the Investors
had the implied actual authority to bind the appellant to the settlement
agreement. First, there were several material allegations in the respondent’s
affidavit, which pertained to the Investors’ involvement in the appellant’s
business, that were left essentially unrebutted in the affidavit of Alicia
Chua Buan Ling (“Alicia”), a director of the appellant. These included
assertions by the respondent that: (a) the Investors had invested $8 million
in the appellant during its incorporation; (b) the Investors had personally
guaranteed the appellant’s credit; (c) the appellant’s annual meetings were
held together with the Investors, during which time they, together with the
respondent and Alicia, would discuss the appellant’s financial affairs; and
(d) Alicia would update the Investors on the appellant’s monthly and annual
profits and losses, and would even refer to one of the Investors, Wong, as
“boss”.

9 Even more significantly, the appellant did not challenge the respondent’s
account of the circumstances surrounding his meeting with the Investors on 2
February 2019. Alicia’s position was simply that she had no knowledge of these
events. According to the respondent, he had met Han, sometime in the end of
January 2019 at a karaoke outlet, where he was informed that the appellant was
willing to compromise the judgment debt in Suit 822 upon payment of $1
million. At the time, Han assured the respondent that he would require no
additional confirmation from the remaining Investors, and that payment of $1
million would represent satisfaction of the Judgment Debt. Thereafter, the
respondent met the Investors in Sheraton Hotel on 2 February 2019, and passed
them $1 million in cash. The Investors also informed him that they were
willing to agree to “full and final satisfaction” of the Judgment Debt on the
condition that the respondent perform certain additional obligations apart
from his paying of the $1 million. These further obligations are described in
the WhatsApp message sent by Han to the respondent.

10 Applying the well-established principle that where material allegations on
affidavit are not contradicted, they are deemed to be admitted (see, for
example, Fasi Paul Frank v Specialty Laboratories Asia Pte Ltd [1999] 1 SLR(R)
1111 at [33]), the respondent’s description of the Investors’ involvement in
the appellant’s business, as well as his account of the circumstances
surrounding the meeting with the Investors on 2 February 2019 must therefore
be deemed to have been accepted.

11 One also cannot lose sight of the fact that the appellant could have, but
did not, tender any evidence from any of the Investors. The Investors are,
above all, in the best position to shed light on the nature of their
involvement in the appellant and the events that took place on 2 February
2019. Furthermore, we bear in mind that the very first time that the appellant
had objected to the Investors’ authority to enter the settlement agreement was
on 17 May 2019, some five months after the meeting between the respondent and
the Investors. Based on our survey of the parties’ correspondence before 17
May 2019, there was nothing raised by the appellant which suggested that the
Investors did not have the authority to negotiate with or collect the $1
million from the respondent towards satisfaction of the Judgment Debt. Indeed,
the correspondence suggested otherwise. For example, a letter dated 15
February 2019 from the appellant’s solicitors to the respondent’s solicitors
referred to a settlement reached “between our respective clients” on or around
2 February 2019. In this vein, we agree with the Judge’s observation that the
appellant’s objection to the Investor’s having the necessary authority was a
“tactical decision” for the appellant to distance itself from the settlement
agreement. Finally, from a commonsensical perspective, the fact that the
Investors had met up with the respondent and had proceeded to collect $1
million from the respondent – and that this was not in dispute – speaks
volumes. Given the circumstances we have just described, there can be no doubt
that the Investors had implied actual authority to bind the appellant to the
settlement agreement. While both parties had also raised in their submissions
the issue of apparent authority, we do not think it is necessary to make a
finding on this point, given that we have decided in favour of the respondent
with regard to the issue of implied actual authority.

12 The second issue concerns the validity of the settlement agreement. In this
respect, the appellant pointed to the parties’ correspondence after 2 February
2019, highlighting in particular the references to either “without prejudice”
or “subject to contract” in the headings in some of the emails. The appellant
also submitted that the Judge had erred in finding that the parties had
“quarrelled” over the precise terms of the settlement agreement, but had
nonetheless gone on to conclude that an agreement was concluded on 2 February
2019.

13 In our judgment, the parties had indubitably reached a binding and valid
settlement agreement on 2 February 2019. To that end, any subsequent
correspondence is, strictly speaking, irrelevant to the question of whether
there had been a binding agreement reached on 2 February 2019, save where it
would constitute variation of the terms under the settlement agreement. The
fact that some of the emails were marked “without prejudice” or “subject to
contract”, or that the parties had attempted to re-negotiate the terms of the
settlement agreement does not detract from the fact that there was already a
binding agreement on 2 February 2019. As stated earlier, the appellant did not
challenge the respondent’s account of the meeting with the Investors, nor the
circumstances which preceded it. Of particular relevance is the appellant’s
failure to challenge the respondent’s key contention, which is that he had
agreed with the Investors to compromise the judgment debt on certain terms,
including the payment of $1 million. Finally, we also think that the WhatsApp
message exhibited in the respondent’s affidavit constitutes strong objective
evidence that the parties had reached a binding agreement on 2 February 2019.
Indeed, the appellant did not provide any explanation as to why Han would have
sent such a message if a binding agreement had not been reached on 2 February
2019.

14 We note that the appellant has now introduced a new argument on appeal to
the effect that there was in fact a new agreement on 15 May 2019 which
superseded the agreement arrived at on 2 February 2019. In addition to the
fact that this was not an argument that was raised in the court below, there
was, in any event, insufficient evidence of a consensus ad idem on the terms
of such an alleged agreement in light of the 16 May 2019 letter from the
appellant’s solicitors suggesting different terms.

15 For the reasons set out above, we dismiss the appeal in Civil Appeal No 185
of 2019. However, we vary the declaration in the court below in that para 1 of
the Order should refer to an oral settlement agreement between the applicant
and the respondent made on 2 February 2019 which is valid and binding on the
respondent.

16 Having considered the respective costs schedules of the parties as well as
the fact that we have allowed SUM 51, we award costs to the respondent in the
sum of $25,000 (all-in). There will be the usual consequential orders.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Woo Bih Li Quentin Loh  
Judge of Appeal Judge Judge

Palmer Michael Anthony, Reuben Tan Wei Jer and Daryl Tan (Quahe Woo & Palmer
LLC) for the appellant;  
Lim Tahn Lin Alfred and Lee Tat Weng Daniel (Fullerton Law Chambers LLC) for
the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

