Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 224

Suit No 1009 of 2018

Between

(1)| Chong Kok Ming  
---|---  
(2)| Tan Tat Wei Victor  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Richinn Technology Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Lim Swee Joo  
(3)| Lim Swee Chong  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Companies] — [Winding up] — [Just and equitable winding up]

[Companies] — [Winding up] — [Oppression]

[Companies] — [Winding up] — [Buy-outs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chong Kok Ming and another

  
v

  

Richinn Technology Pte Ltd and others

[2020] SGHC 224

High Court — Suit No 1009 of 2018  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
3–6, 10–13, 17–20, 24–27, 31 March, 1, 2 April, 30 June 2020

22 October 2020 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

1 This case involves a private limited company and the disputes which have
arisen between two groups of shareholders. One group comprises two
shareholders, who together hold a minority stake in the company. The other
group also comprises two shareholders, who are brothers. They hold the
majority of the shares in the company. The minority shareholders have brought
this application seeking to wind up the company on several grounds. One ground
is that the shareholders have agreed to liquidate the company and go their
separate ways, and that the majority shareholders are now reneging on that
agreement. Among the other grounds relied upon, the minority shareholders also
allege that the company is in truth a quasi-partnership, and that there has
been a breakdown of trust and confidence between the two groups of
shareholders such that it would be just and equitable to wind the company up.
As is common in cases of this nature, the once close working relationship
between the two groups of shareholders has now been transformed into one of
acrimony and litigation, with the parties feuding with each other not only in
these proceedings but also in other related suits in Singapore and Malaysia.

The parties

2 The first plaintiff (“Chong”) and the second plaintiff (“Tan”) are the
minority shareholders in Richinn Technology Pte Ltd, the first defendant
(“Richinn”). The second defendant (“Richard”) and the third defendant
(“Robert”) (collectively, “the Lims”) are the majority shareholders. Chong,
Tan, Richard, and Robert hold shares in the proportions of 17%, 23%, 30%, and
30% respectively. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at [5].

As I will go on to explain, Tan and Chong worked in the laser cutting
industry, while the Lims, through a group of companies, had business interests
in industries ranging from silicone to stainless steel products. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

DCS at [2] and [3].

3 I note in addition that the first defendant, Richinn, is purely a nominal
defendant in this dispute. The real dispute is between the shareholders,
namely the plaintiffs and the Lims. Any references to “the defendants” in this
judgment should therefore be construed as a reference to the Lims.

Background to the dispute

4 I begin by outlining how Chong, Tan, and the Lims came to be shareholders in
Richinn.

5 Before 2003, Chong and Tan had been colleagues in Applied Cutting Technology
Pte Ltd (“Applied Cutting”), a company which provided laser cutting services.
Tan worked in sales, while Chong worked in production. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit supporting winding up filed on 27 April 2018 (“Winding
up Affidavit”) at [10], DCS at [3].

Tan left the company in March or April 2003, with a view towards setting up
his own laser cutting business. As laser cutting machines were expensive, and
Tan did not have the capital, he met with several potential investors who
expressed interest in his plans. According to Tan, he was approached by Robert
in the first quarter of 2004 as Robert was interested in entering into a laser
cutting business. I note for completeness that the Lims claim that it was Tan
who had approached Robert with an offer of collaboration, though in my view
nothing specifically turns on this point.

6 Eventually, Chong, Tan, and the Lims agreed to set up a new laser cutting
business. Chong left his job at Applied Cutting to embark on this venture. The
Lims injected the initial capital for the enterprise.

7 The plaintiffs and the Lims agreed to use an existing company for the laser
cutting business. This company was the first defendant, which was then called
Richinn Trading Pte Ltd, and which had previously been incorporated by the
Lims in 2002. The first defendant had been used by the Lims up to that time to
trade in silicone. The laser cutting business was an altogether new business
for the Lims, and the first defendant’s name was changed from “Richinn Trading
Pte Ltd” to its present name, Richinn Technology Pte Ltd, to reflect the new
business of laser cutting services.

8 Tan and Chong joined Richinn in April 2004. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Transcript of 3 March 2020, Page 97, Lines 3 to 5.

About six months later, on 15 October 2004, Tan, Chong, and the Lims entered
into a written agreement (the “Shareholders’ Agreement”) which provided, inter
alia, for an increase in the paid up capital of Richinn and the sale and
purchase of shares in the company such that the parties’ respective holdings
were as follows: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Agreement at p 78 of Tan’s AEIC, at [2.3].

(a) Richard Lim and/or Robert Lim: 180,000 ordinary shares (60%)

(b) Tan or his nominee Mdm Lee Lye San (Tan’s wife, “Mdm Lee”): 69,000
ordinary shares (23%)

(c) Chong: 51,000 ordinary shares (17%)

Even though it is not specifically stated in the Shareholders’ Agreement, it
was agreed between the parties that the plaintiffs would be employed by
Richinn to manage and run the business. The directors of the company were
specifically stated as being the Lims, Tan (or his wife as nominee), and
Chong. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Agreement at p 78 of Tan’s AEIC, at [3.1].

In addition, cl 4.2 of the Shareholders’ Agreement (“the Non-Competition
Covenant”) stipulated that the shareholders undertook that they would not,
directly or indirectly, be involved in a business in the same business as
Richinn while they were still shareholders or directors of Richinn, or for a
period of five years from the date of the Shareholders’ Agreement, whichever
was later.

9 Clause 4.2 of the October 2004 Shareholders’ Agreement was later
specifically extended by a written Extension Agreement dated 1 October 2013
(the “Extension Agreement”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Robert’s AEIC at pp 122 to 123.

The Extension Agreement recognised that the Shareholders’ Agreement remained
in “full force and effect”, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Extension Agreement at [1].

and made clear that all the Extension Agreement sought to do was to extend the
shareholders’ undertaking under cl 4.2 of the Shareholders’ Agreement. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Recitals to Extension Agreement at [B].

Clause 2 of the Extension Agreement thus provides that each of the
shareholders will not participate in a business with the same business as that
of Richinn for a period of five years from the date of the Extension
Agreement, or while he is still a shareholder or director of Richinn,
whichever is later. I note also a separate agreement entered into in 2007 (the
“Business Continuity Agreement”) to provide for continuity of business in the
event of the demise of one of the four shareholders. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

DB1 at pp 174 to 178.

The Business Continuity Agreement provided that if one of the shareholders
were to pass away, the deceased shareholder’s family would be provided with a
monthly stipend, and the deceased’s shares would devolve to one of the
surviving shareholders, who would hold the shares on trust for the
beneficiaries of the deceased shareholder.

10 The day-to-day business of laser cutting was run and managed by the
plaintiffs. Specifically, Tan, who had previously worked in sales for Applied
Cutting, was in charge of sales and business development, while Chong, who had
prior experience in production, took charge of that area. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Winding up Affidavit at [16].

Tan and Chong were not only directors of Richinn, they also held executive
positions in the company. They both drew salaries from Richinn from the end of
2005 up to the time of the dispute. Tan was managing Richinn until January
2018. Up to 2013, Chong had been involved in the day-to-day management of
Richinn, but since 2014, his primary responsibility in this venture was to
manage the Malaysian operations, as is described below from [12] to [14]. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DCS at [10].

11 As for the Lims, they controlled the finance and administration of the
company. Specifically, they controlled all payments out, in that one of them
had to countersign or give authorisation on all payments made by the company.
They also held the tokens for Richinn’s electronic banking accounts, and
liaised with banks for banking facilities. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

DCS at [70].

The Lims attended monthly management meetings to update themselves on the
business and how well it was doing.

12 The business grew and was successful. Other corporate entities were set up
in Singapore, Malaysia, and the Middle East by the shareholders of Richinn. Of
note is the company incorporated in Malaysia in 2004 called CJ Stainless Steel
Sdn. Bhd. (“CJSS”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Winding up Affidavit at pp 55 to 60.

That company was established to act as a subcontractor for Richinn and Choon
Hin Stainless Steel Pte Ltd (part of the Choon Hin group of companies owned by
the Lims) to take advantage of the lower production costs in Malaysia. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

DCS at [9].

CJSS was initially incorporated by seven shareholders, which then became six –
the two plaintiffs, the Lims, Simon Puah Koh Choon (“Puah”), and Paul Ho Sang
Bin (“Ho”) – in 2015 when one of the original shareholders left. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DCS at [8]; Robert’s AEIC at [51].

Puah and Ho are the Lims’ brothers-in-law. CJSS has now been wound up pursuant
to an order of the High Court of Malaya at Johor Bahru, on the application of
Tan and Chong. This had been resisted by the Lims and is, as at the time of
the trial, pending appeal. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at [30].

13 Another Malaysian company which features in these proceedings is CKM Metal
Technologies Sdn Bhd (“CKMMT”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Richard’s AEIC at [53] and [54].

That company was incorporated in 2014 by Chong and his brother, who were the
initial shareholders and directors of CKMMT. Tan joined CKMMT as a shareholder
and director not long after. CJSS’s license only permitted 20% of its work to
be Malaysian, while the other 80% had to be foreign-related (see [20] below).
CKMMT’s predecessor company, CKM Stainless Steel Works, had been set up as a
sole proprietorship under Chong as a “standby” in case CJSS’s Malaysian work
exceeded that 20% limit. CKMMT was subsequently incorporated on 16 July 2014
to handle the bulk of CJSS’s Malaysian work, and CKM Stainless Steel Works
ceased its business after CKMMT was incorporated. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Richard’s AEIC at [54].

14 After having worked full-time at Richinn from 2004 to 2011, Chong was asked
by Tan and the Lims to assist in the management of CJSS. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript of 24 March 2020, Page 122, Lines 21 to 24.

In 2012 and 2013, Chong worked two days a week at Richinn and spent the rest
of the work week at CJSS in Malaysia. From 2014, Chong transferred to work
full time at CJSS and CKMMT, where he remained up to the time of the dispute.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Richard’s AEIC at [56]. See also Transcript of 24 March 2020, Page 122, Lines
21 to 24.

15 For completeness, I should also note that, over the years, as their working
relationship grew closer, Chong, Tan, and the Lims also made investments
together, either directly or through various corporate vehicles. They invested
in a condominium unit at Lakeside Towers in Singapore. In Malaysia, they
invested in properties at Yong Peng and Ulu Tiram, and also in two swiftlet
houses, which farmed birds’ nests. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript of 5 March 2020, Page 23, Lines 12 to 19.

The four of them also held bank accounts in their joint names in Singapore and
Malaysia. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCS at [35].

16 On 22 September 2017, there was a monthly management meeting of CJSS, which
was held in Singapore. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Richard’s AEIC at [78].

The six shareholders and directors of CJSS were present. At that meeting,
Robert said that he was facing some health problems. As such, he and Richard
wanted to exit from the businesses of CJSS and Richinn. This was a significant
development because the Lims were declaring their intention to end the venture
between them and the plaintiffs. In their oral evidence at trial, the Lims
both agreed that their intention was for both sides to end their business
relationship and for the Lims and the plaintiffs to go their separate ways. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

See for example, Transcript of 5 March 2020, Page 43, Lines 13 to 17.

17 There was a discussion which followed at the management meeting where the
Lims proposed that CJSS be sold to an “outside buyer”, to which Tan and Chong
agreed. A brief note of the important points that arose from this meeting was
recorded in a contemporaneous email by Ho, which was sent to the other
shareholders on 23 September 2017. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AEIC of Ho Sang Bin (“HSB”) at p 476.

It was recorded in that note that the necessary corporate and shareholders
resolutions would be prepared by the company secretary of CJSS. Significantly,
Ho also recorded the shareholders’ agreement that, if there were no buyers for
CJSS, the company would “cease operation” and they would “take necessary
action for closure of” CJSS (emphasis added).

18 In early October 2017, some of CJSS’s shareholders had a meeting with the
auditor of CJSS to discuss the likely value of the company, and to give
instructions for the valuation of CJSS’s assets. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Richard’s AEIC at [82].

19 On 24 October 2017, the shareholders and directors of CJSS passed written
resolutions to the effect that (a) the shares of CJSS would be sold before 31
January 2018; and (b) the machinery of CJSS would be sold after 31 January
2018 if there was no sale of the shares in CJSS. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Richard’s AEIC from [87] to [88].

It was stipulated in the resolutions that the deadline for the sale, whether
it be the machinery or the shares, would be 31 March 2018 or the date on which
CJSS paid the final remuneration of its employees, whichever was later. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Richard’s AEIC at Tab 140.

20 After this meeting, Puah and Ho were asked by the Lims to take over the
management of CJSS from Chong. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See for example, Transcript of 26 March 2020, Page 84, Lines 14 to 16.

Following this, by early November 2017, CJSS started terminating the
employment of its employees as part of the process of winding down its
business. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

See D2, and also Transcript of 6 March 2020, Page 48, Lines 7 to 9.

Ho also instructed Chong not to renew CJSS’s Licensed Manufacturing Warehouse
license (“LMW license”), stating that it would be “useless”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript of 25 March 2020, Page 6, Lines 4 to 5.

For context, it is not in dispute that the LMW license is a license granted by
the Malaysian government on the condition that the licensee handles 80%
“foreign work”, ie, products for export, and a maximum of 20% “local work”,
ie, products for sale in Malaysia. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See, inter alia, Transcript of 10 March 2020, Page 31, Lines 15 to 22.

21 As for Richinn, sometime in the middle of October 2017, Tan and Chong made
a proposal to acquire the Lims’ shares in the company, which involved a
divestment of all their other joint investments in Singapore and Malaysia. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PCS at [42]. Transcript of 6 March 2020, Page 84, Lines 27 to 32, and Page 86,
Lines 13 to 15.

Tan communicated the offer to Richard. The offer was not accepted by the Lims,
but there was no counter-offer from them. Instead, toward the latter part of
October 2017, the auditor of Richinn, one Frederick Yap (“Yap”), was asked to
come up with an indicative valuation of the company. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Transcript of 12 March 2020, Page 76, Lines 26 to 31.

On 13 November 2017, Yap circulated his indicative valuation of Richinn,
valuing it at approximately S$2.3m. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

7 PBAF 4645.

At around this time, the Lims indicated that they were expecting to be bought
out at a premium. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

7 PBAF 4662. See also Transcript of 13 March 2020, Page 16, Lines 15 to 18.

While the reasons for this were not expressed, this must have been because the
Lims held a controlling 60% stake of Richinn, and therefore felt that their
shares accordingly commanded a premium.

22 An extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) of Richinn’s shareholders was then
convened on 29 November 2017. This meeting was audio recorded and the
transcripts of the recording were adduced in evidence. The transcripts show
that the parties had discussed the possibility of the sale and purchase of the
shares in Richinn between the shareholders. From the transcript, it is clear
that this was to be a potential sale of the Lims’ shares in Richinn to Tan and
Chong, if all parties could agree on a price. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DB1 103 to 158, and in particular 109.

This is hardly surprising since the Lims’ expressed intention was to exit from
the business. If no agreement could be reached on the sale of the shares, the
consensus was that the shareholders would proceed with a voluntary winding up
of Richinn. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DB1 121 to 122.

At the conclusion of the meeting, the following resolutions were unanimously
passed by the four shareholders: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

7 PBAF 4662; Richard’s AEIC at p 4638,

1) The members agreed to meet during 16th to 19th of Jan 2018 to review the
company management accounts as at 30th November 2017 to finalize on the sale
and purchase of shares between the present members. The offered price between
members shall be derived from the net book value of the company with added
premium.

2) Any sale and purchase of shares shall be between the present members.

3) The final share price shall be based on audited accounts for financial year
ended 31st December 2017 (“the final share price”).

4) If the offered price is within 5% variation from the final share price, the
sales and purchase of shares shall follow the offered price. If the variation
is more than 5%, the sales and purchase of shares shall follow the final share
price.

5) It is agreed that 90% of the share price in the sales and purchase of
shares shall be paid upon the transfer of shares and 10% to pay 6 months after
the effective date of shares transfer.

6) If there is no agreement reached on the sale and purchase of shares on the
mentioned meeting, the members agreed to proceed with members voluntary
winding up of the company.

[Emphasis added]

23 In early December, Tan informed the sales and purchasing teams that the
Lims would be leaving Richinn. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AEIC of Tan Tat Wei Victor (“TTWV”) from [35] to [36]; Transcript of 20 March
2020, Page 52, Lines 13 to 14.

His oral evidence was that he did not tell the Richinn employees then that the
company would be ceasing its business or that it would be wound up. In this
regard, Tan acknowledged that his affidavit of evidence-in-chief at [37] was
inaccurate. There, he had claimed that he informed the sales and purchasing
teams about the potential winding up of Richinn. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript of 20 March 2020, Page 55, Lines 13 to 19.

Tan explained at the trial that his frame of mind then was that he and Chong
might yet buy over the Lims’ shares, and it was only if they could not come to
an agreement that Richinn would be wound up. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript of 20 March 2020, Page 59, Lines 22 to 32.

24 In mid-December 2017, Tan re-activated a dormant company that he owned. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

TTWV at [39].

This was a company that his wife, Mdm Lee, had incorporated in June 2015,
called Wow Research Pte Ltd. The purpose of Wow Research Pte Ltd had been to
carry out a business in the sale of e-scooters and other personal mobility
devices, which it did until sometime in 2016. On 13 December 2017, Tan changed
the name of that company to Novatac Pte Ltd (“Novatac”), with the intention
that it be used to carry out the business of laser cutting.

25 Then, in the second half of December 2017, Tan separately met with two
customers of Richinn, FA Systems Automation (S) Pte Ltd (“FA Systems”) 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Richard’s AEIC at [101].

and Nutek Pte Ltd (“Nutek”), 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

TTWV at [86].

and he informed them that Richinn might be ceasing its operations very
shortly. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript of 20 March 2020, Page 57, Lines 6 to 13.

He informed these customers that he would continue being in the laser cutting
business and would be operating through Novatac after the cessation of
Richinn’s business. Further, in early January 2018, Tan travelled to Sri
Lanka, where he met another customer of Richinn’s, Kosan Crisplant Lanka
(Private) Limited (“Kosan”), which he also informed about the likely cessation
of Richinn’s business, and his new laser cutting business through Novatac. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

TTWV at [41].

26 By late December 2017 to early January 2018, Novatac was accepting orders
for laser cutting from FA Systems and Nutek. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AEIC of Ng Wei Sen (“NWS”) from [7] to [10].

Novatac then made back-to-back orders with Richinn for the work commissioned
by FA Systems and Nutek. In other words, Novatac was interposed between these
two customers and Richinn. There was a mark-up in price between what Novatac
charged FA Systems and Nutek, and what Richinn charged Novatac. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

See for instance, Transcript of 24 March 2020, Page 129, Lines 16 to 30.

Quite clearly, Novatac was making a profit at the expense of Richinn.

27 Tan’s actions were quickly discovered by the Lims. On 8 January 2018, the
Lims’ solicitors, KSCGP Juris LLP (“KSCGP”), wrote to Tan about his conduct
and accused him of breaching his duties as a director of Richinn. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Richard’s AEIC at p 4754.

What is significant though is that this letter was also addressed to Chong,
and also accused him of breaching his duties as a director. However, it was
common ground by the time of the trial that Chong was not aware of what Tan
had done, whether before or at the time of Tan’s actions. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript of 19 March 2020, Page 22, Lines 7 to 22.

Chong was not even aware of the existence of Novatac until he was told by Tan
after they had received KSCGP’s letter. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript of 26 March 2020, Page 98, Lines 5 to 19.

28 It is also notable that KSCGP’s letter of 8 January 2018 also touched on
other matters apart from Novatac. It also raised a number of serious
allegations against both Tan and Chong. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Richard’s AEIC at p 4754 at [3].

These included the allegations that they had misappropriated Richinn’s
customer information, diverted the business of Richinn to CKMMT, were
competing with Richinn through companies such as Straits Industries Pte Ltd,
and had persistently prevented the Lims from having access to Richinn’s
accounts. What is not disputed is that there was no evidence before me in
these proceedings that any of these allegations against Tan and Chong were
substantiated. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript of 10 March 2020, Page 32, Lines 7 to 11. See also, for example,
Page 32, Lines 20 to 24, and Page 35, Lines 11 to 18.

29 KSCGP’s letter ended with a statement that an EGM of Richinn would be
convened to remove both Tan and Chong as directors of the company. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Richard’s AEIC at p 4755 at [6].

True to their word, what shortly followed was a notice signed off by the Lims
as directors of Richinn dated 11 January 2018, giving notice of an EGM to be
convened on 26 January 2018 to pass resolutions for, inter alia, the removal
of Tan and Chong as directors of the company. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Richard’s AEIC at p 4757.

30 Two days later, on 13 January 2018, another notice of an EGM for Richinn
was issued. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Richard’s AEIC at p 4758.

In this second notice, the proposed resolutions to be passed at the EGM,
scheduled for a new date on 29 January 2018, were now changed to merely
terminating the “managing powers” of Tan and Chong, and also terminating their
employment as executives of the company. To replace them, it was proposed that
Richard be appointed as the managing director of Richinn. In this second
notice, there was a further proposed resolution to revoke the resolution of
the company made at the EGM of 29 November 2017 that Richinn proceed with a
members’ voluntary winding up if there was no agreement reached on the sale
and purchase of the shares in the company.

31 Not unexpectedly, given the serious allegations now raised against Tan and
Chong, the two of them declined to meet with the Lims to discuss the sale and
purchase of the shares in Richinn, as had been envisaged in the shareholders’
resolutions passed on 29 November 2017.

32 At the EGM on 29 January 2018, Tan and Chong were absent. The Lims then
proceeded to pass the resolutions referred to at [30] above. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Richard’s AEIC at [121] and [122].

As such, both Tan and Chong were removed from their executive positions in
Richinn, though they continued to remain as directors of the company. I should
just add for completeness that Tan and Chong resigned from their directorships
of Richinn on 25 June 2019. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Richard’s AEIC at [123].

Procedural history

33 On 27 April 2018, Tan and Chong commenced proceedings by way of an
originating summons seeking to wind up Richinn on three separate but related
grounds: (a) that the shareholders had agreed by their resolutions passed on
29 November 2017 to wind up the company; (b) that the Lims had acted in a
manner that constitutes minority oppression; and (c) that it would be just and
equitable for the company to be wound up. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Winding up Affidavit at [2].

On 20 September 2018, by consent of the parties, I ordered that the
proceedings be converted into writ proceedings given the substantial disputes
of facts that were raised in the affidavits filed by the parties. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

HC/ORC 6695/2018 at [1].

34 In the meantime, the Lims caused Richinn to commence Suit 1008 of 2018
(“Suit 1008”) against, inter alia, Tan and Chong, claiming that they had
breached their duties as directors of the company by, inter alia, (a) carrying
on a laser cutting business in competition with Richinn using two entities –
first with Novatac and then later with, inter alia, another company called
Brown Metal Engineering Pte Ltd (“BME”); 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) in Suit 1008 at, inter alia, [54].

and (b) causing and/or conspiring to cause and conceal the diversion of
business away from Richinn to, in particular, Novatac and BME. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) in Suit 1008 at, inter alia, [51].

It was alleged that Tan commenced competing with Richinn and diverting
business to Novatac from December 2017, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) in Suit 1008 at [11]; see also DCS at
[17].

while for Chong, it appears that he only became a director and shareholder of
Novatac in August 2019. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

TTWV at [7].

As for BME, it was alleged that Tan and Chong became shareholders and
directors of BME on or about 11 June 2018, and that competition and diversion
of business occurred at or around that time. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) in Suit 1008 at [12(c)].

In addition, several former employees of Richinn were also named as defendants
in Suit 1008 because they had left Richinn to join Novatac and/or BME. These
ex-employees were accused of conspiring with Tan and Chong to cause loss to
Richinn. Novatac and BME were also defendants in Suit 1008 because they too
were alleged to be part of the conspiracy.

35 Suit 1008 was then consolidated with this suit, and the consolidated action
proceeded to trial before me. On 17 March 2020, in the midst of the trial, I
was informed by counsel that Suit 1008 was settled. I granted leave for
Richinn to discontinue Suit 1008, with no order as to costs. The terms of the
settlement were not disclosed to me.

36 Tan and Chong also commenced proceedings in Malaysia to seek the winding up
of CJSS on the ground that it would be just and equitable to do so. After four
days of hearing in 2019, where Chong and Robert were cross-examined, the High
Court of Malaya at Johor Bahru (Commercial Division) found that CJSS was a
quasi-partnership, and that the relationship of trust and confidence between
the shareholders had broken down due to the Lims’ actions. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DB1 at p 101. See also PCS at [195], and DB1A from pp 41 to 43.

On 24 September 2019, the court made an order that CJSS was to be wound up.
The Lims, Ho, and Puah have appealed against that decision, and as at the time
of this trial, that appeal remains pending. In the meantime, the order for
winding up against CJSS has been stayed pending the appeal.

37 I should further add that the Lims have also commenced proceedings in
Malaysia claiming that, inter alia, Tan and Chong hold shares in CKMMT on
their behalf. This is denied by Tan and Chong, who claim to own the entirety
of the legal and beneficial interests of their shareholdings in CKMMT. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

TTWV at [64], PCS at [33] and [34].

Those proceedings are underway in Malaysia, and nothing stated in this
judgment is intended to express any opinion on the merits of that dispute.

The plaintiffs’ case

38 As has been mentioned, the plaintiffs rely on three bases to seek an order
for Richinn’s winding up. The first is that there was a unanimous resolution
of the shareholders on 29 November 2017 that Richinn be wound up. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCS from pp 17 to 33.

The plaintiff relies on s 254(1)(a) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“Companies Act”), which provides that the Court may order winding up if the
company has by special resolution resolved that it be wound up by the court.
The plaintiffs submit that what is clear from the face of the unanimous
resolution of 29 November 2017 is that, if there is no agreement reached for
Tan and Chong to buy the shares of the Lims, or vice versa, then it had been
resolved that Richinn should be wound up voluntarily. It is further submitted
that, in truth, what was realistically contemplated by all four shareholders,
which is borne out by the evidence in their discussions, was that it was Tan
and Chong who were to offer an acceptable price to buy out the Lims. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS from pp 20 to 22.

Since no agreement was reached on that front, the condition precedent in the
resolution was fulfilled, and the Court should order that Richinn be wound up
as per the terms of the resolution.

39 The second ground raised by the plaintiffs is that the Lims have acted in
the affairs of Richinn in their own interests rather than in the interests of
all the shareholders as a whole, or that the Lims have acted in a manner which
appears unfair or unjust to the plaintiffs: s 254(1)(f) of the Companies Act.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS from pp 34 to 49.

This ground is commonly described as one of minority shareholder oppression.
The plaintiffs claim that the Lims had used Robert’s ill health as a pretext
to exit their business venture with the plaintiffs. In truth, the Lims were
allegedly planning to carry out a laser cutting business on their own through
one of their companies, Choon Hin Iron Works Pte Ltd (“Choon Hin Iron Works”).
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Robert’s AEIC at p 7308.

Choon Hin Iron Works had purchased a new laser cutting machine in early
September 2017, even before the Lims had started claiming that they intended
to exit Richinn (and CJSS) on the grounds of Robert’s ill health. The Lims did
not inform the plaintiffs about the US$730,000.00 purchase of the laser
cutting machine, and in fact, took steps to conceal it from the plaintiffs.

40 A further subset of the oppression is the plaintiffs’ allegation that the
Lims acted in a manner which placed pressure on the plaintiffs to buy the Lims
out from Richinn at a premium over the value of their 60% shareholding. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PCS at [129].

When the plaintiffs came up with an offer, it was rejected by the Lims, who
did not make any counter-offer of their own. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PCS at [131].

Further, when the Lims discovered Tan’s use of Novatac in December 2017, they
responded disproportionately by engaging in a “legal blitzkrieg” against both
the plaintiffs, and not just Tan: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PCS at [231].

(a) First, through KSCGP’s letter of 8 January 2018, the Lims made a battery
of allegations against Tan and Chong, many of which had no substance. In
particular, in the case of Chong, he was not even involved in Novatac or aware
of Tan’s actions at the material time.

(b) Second, the Lims then moved to strip the plaintiffs of their management
powers and dismissed them as employees. The Lims also passed a resolution at
the EGM of 29 January 2018 to rescind the unanimous resolution passed at the
29 November 2017 EGM, which, it is said, was a breach of the agreement between
the shareholders that Richinn would be wound up if there was no buy-out
between them. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

See for example, Tan’s AEIC at p 110.

The Lims also procured that Ho, their brother-in-law, be appointed a director
of Richinn, which is said to be contrary to the legitimate expectations of the
plaintiffs that only they and the Lims would be directors of the company.

(c) Third, it is alleged that the Lims “hijacked” Richinn and then used the
company’s resources to engage in a “private vendetta” against the plaintiffs
by bringing Suit 1008 against them and, amongst others, Richinn’s ex-
employees. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PCS at [160].

According to the plaintiffs, the wide-ranging and overblown claims raised
against them in Suit 1008 were calculated to put pressure on them and to drain
them financially.

41 The plaintiffs submit that the actions of the Lims are unfair and unjust
because they are contrary to the parties’ agreement as at November 2017 that
the company be wound up and the parties go their separate ways. Also, by
sacking the plaintiffs from their management positions in Richinn, but
refusing to wind up Richinn, the plaintiffs claim that the Lims are attempting
to prevent them from working in the laser cutting business. This is because,
in Suit 1008, and even up to now, the Lims have been claiming that Tan and
Chong are in breach of the Non-Competition Covenant in the Shareholders’
Agreement and Extension Agreement by working in Novatac and BME after they
were sacked from Richinn. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

See, inter alia, Transcript of 10 March 2020, Page 16, Lines 19 to 27;
Transcript of 13 March 2020, Page 56, Line 30 to Page 57, Line 4; and
Transcript of 13 March 2020, Page 79, Line 19 to Page 82, Line 4. See also
Richard’s AEIC at p 93.

42 The third ground relied upon by the plaintiffs as a basis for the Court to
order the winding up of Richinn is that it is just and equitable to wind up
the company: s 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PCS from pp 50 to 69.

The plaintiffs argue that Richinn is in essence a quasi-partnership between
Tan, Chong, and the Lims. Even though parties had executed a Shareholders’
Agreement, it did not change the fact that the four of them had come together
to carry out a business venture on the basis of mutual trust and confidence.
There were implicit understandings between them which undergirded their
association with each other, and which were not spelled out in the
Shareholders’ Agreement. For example, it was understood that the Lims would
initially finance the acquisition of the machines in order to set up the laser
cutting business, and that Tan and Chong would be the ones who would manage
and run the business. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

See, for example, Richard’s AEIC at p 94.

43 As for the manner in which Richinn operated, the plaintiffs argue that it
is consistent with the fact that the company was a quasi-partnership, where
all four of the “partners” played a part. While Tan and Chong were actively
involved in the day-to-day running of the business and its operations, the
Lims kept abreast of what was happening in the company through monthly
management meetings. Significantly, the Lims were also co-signatories to
Richinn’s bank accounts and held the bank tokens for electronic banking. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Robert’s AEIC at [71].

The plaintiffs rely in particular on the fact that no significant payments
could be made by Richinn without the approval of the Lims.

44 The plaintiffs also argue that the four shareholders’ conduct over the
years, in entering into other agreements and making joint investments in,
inter alia, property and other non-laser cutting businesses like swiftlet
houses, shows that there was clearly a relationship of trust and confidence
between them by 2017, even if it was the case that there was no such
relationship when they first started the business in 2004. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcript of 5 March 2020, Page 23, Lines 12 to 19.

45 Tan and Chong submit that the relationship of mutual trust and confidence
between the parties has ended. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PCS at [221(c)].

They rely on the fact that the Lims had indicated from September to November
2017 that they wanted to exit the business venture. By the EGM resolution
passed on 29 November 2017, the four shareholders had agreed that there would
be an attempt for a buy-out of their shares inter se, and failing that, they
would wind up the company. But, instead of an amicable winding down of their
working relationship, the Lims launched a “legal blitzkrieg” on the plaintiffs
by making serious, but mostly baseless, accusations against the plaintiffs via
KSCGP’s letter of 8 January 2018. Then, the Lims removed the plaintiffs from
their management positions in Richinn, and also tried to resile from the
agreement reached at the 29 November 2017 EGM that the relationship between
the parties be amicably dissolved. Hence, the plaintiffs argue that the
relationship between the parties had irretrievably soured by the end of
January 2018. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PCS at [221(g)].

Given the circumstances, the plaintiffs argue that that it is only fair that
Richinn be wound up.

The defendants’ case

46 The Lims deny that the plaintiffs have satisfied any of the grounds for the
Court to make an order for Richinn to be wound up.

47 In response to the plaintiffs’ reliance on s 254(1)(a) of the Companies
Act, the defendants argue that this is misplaced. The 29 November 2017 EGM
resolution recorded the shareholders as having agreed to voluntarily wind up
Richinn in the event that there is no sale and purchase of the shares in the
company inter se. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCS at [43].

It does not record the shareholders as having come to an agreement that
Richinn should be wound up by the Court.

48 Alternatively, the Lims submit that, as per the terms of the 29 November
2017 EGM resolution, the decision to wind up Richinn would only be implemented
if the shareholders were unable to come to an agreement, after the
contemplated mid-January 2018 meeting, with regard to the sale and purchase of
the shares in Richinn between themselves. But, that meeting in mid-January
2018 did not take place because Tan and Chong declined to meet with the Lims,
who are alleged to have been ready and willing to meet with them. Given that
the parties did not meet to discuss the sale of shares, there can be no
question of any winding up of Richinn taking place because a condition
precedent to the agreement for winding up has not been fulfilled. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DCS at [44].

49 In any event, the Lims also argue that the 29 November 2017 EGM resolutions
have been “withdrawn” by the resolution passed at the EGM of 29 January 2018.
88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DCS at [45].

As such, the plaintiffs can no longer rely on the 29 November 2017 EGM
resolutions as a basis for the winding up of Richinn.

50 In response to the allegations of minority oppression as a basis for the
winding up of Richinn under s 254(1)(f) of the Companies Act, the Lims deny
that they have acted in a manner that is oppressive, unfair or prejudicial to
Tan and Chong in their position as shareholders of Richinn. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DCS at, inter alia, [47] and [48].

The Lims argue that the plaintiffs’ sacking as executives of Richinn was
justified. Tan had breached his fiduciary duties as a director of Richinn by
actions concerning Novatac. As such, his removal was necessary to protect the
interests of Richinn and to prevent further loss to the company. The Lims
emphasise in their submissions that Tan’s interest as a shareholder of Richinn
was distinct from his position as an executive employee of the company, and
that it is only in the latter capacity that Tan’s interest can be said to have
been affected.

51 As for Chong, while the Lims accept that he was not involved in or aware of
Tan’s actions, they point out that Chong later found out about what Tan had
done and chose to “align” himself with Tan in the legal proceedings in Suit
1008 and this suit. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

DCS at [119].

As such, it is alleged that Chong also breached his fiduciary duties to
Richinn. Hence, his exclusion from the management of Richinn was also with
good reason and cannot constitute unfairness to him.

52 The Lims further argue that the wrongful actions of Tan and Chong, as
outlined by the claims in Suit 1008, have caused loss and damage to Richinn,
and also disruption to its operations. It is argued that Tan and Chong have
continued to act in breach of the Non-Competition Covenant in the
Shareholders’ Agreement and Extension Agreement by carrying on the business of
laser cutting in Novatac and BME. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

See note 75 above.

Given this, it is entirely reasonable for the Lims to exclude them from the
management of the business of Richinn. It neither causes unfairness to the
plaintiffs, nor does it prejudice them.

53 In response to the plaintiffs’ reliance on s 254(1)(i) of the Companies
Act, which provides for companies to be wound up on just and equitable
grounds, the Lims contend that Richinn is not a quasi-partnership. Instead,
they argue that there is a straightforward commercial arrangement between the
Lims as passive investors in a company on the one hand, and the plaintiffs,
who were left to manage and run the company almost entirely on their own, on
the other. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

DCS from pp 24 to 31.

In this regard, the Lims point to the Shareholders’ Agreement as evidence that
the parties’ arrangement were purely commercial in nature. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Richard’s AEIC at Tab 3.

The Lims’ only role in Richinn is said to be the oversight of any payments of
moneys out of the company. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

DCS at [63].

As such, the Lims submit that the association between the four shareholders
was not one that was based on mutual trust and confidence, and hence that
Richinn cannot be regarded as a quasi-partnership.

54 It was also submitted by the Lims that, even if Richinn were a quasi-
partnership between the four shareholders, this ended in 2014 when Chong was
no longer actively involved in the business of Richinn on a day-to-day basis
because he moved to Malaysia to work full-time with CJSS and CKMMT. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

DCS from [107] to [109]. See also Transcript of 24 March 2020, Page 122, Lines
16 to 26.

55 The defendants also argue that the plaintiffs are disentitled from seeking
any relief on just and equitable grounds because they have not come to Court
with clean hands. In this regard, the Lims’ main contention is that any
breakdown of the trust and confidence between the parties, assuming that
Richinn is a quasi-partnership, was caused by the plaintiffs’ own actions. In
particular, the Lims refer to Tan having breached his fiduciary duties, and
Chong’s alleged “acquiescence” to Tan’s breaches of his duties. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DCS from [110] to [113].

56 The Lims also refer to the claims raised in Suit 1008, such as Tan and
Chong carrying out business in competition with Richinn through Novatac and
BME, as well as the alleged diversion of Richinn’s customers from Richinn to
Novatac. In respect of Tan specifically, he is further accused of colluding
with certain ex-employees in January 2018 to hide his use of Novatac and hence
conceal his breaches of duties. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

DCS from [139] to [173].

The issues

57 I note as a preliminary issue that while the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018 (Act 40 of 2018) (“IRDA”) came into operation on 30 July
2020, s 526(1)(f) of the IRDA makes clear that any application made before 30
July 2020 for the winding up of a company under s 253 of the Companies Act
shall proceed under the old (and since-repealed) sections of the Companies Act
which were in force immediately before 30 July 2020. Given that the present
application was made in 2018, the old provisions of the Companies Act continue
to apply.

58 From the parties’ cases, the broad issues I have to decide in determining
whether an order should be made for Richinn to be wound up are as outlined
below.

59 First, was there a special resolution passed by the shareholders for
Richinn to be wound up by the Court, as required by s 254(1)(a) of the
Companies Act?

60 Second, have the plaintiffs established their case under s 254(1)(f) of the
Companies Act that the defendants have acted in the affairs of Richinn in
their own interests, rather than in the interests of the shareholders as a
whole, or in a manner which appears to be unfair or unjust to the plaintiffs?

61 Third, have the plaintiffs persuaded the Court that it would be just and
equitable for an order to be made for the winding up of Richinn? For this
question, there are other sub-issues that arise. One is whether Richinn can be
properly described as a quasi-partnership under which equitable considerations
operate. Another is how the relationship between the parties broke down, and
whether the real cause of the breakdown was the conduct of the plaintiffs,
such that they should be disentitled to relief under s 254(1)(i) of the
Companies Act.

62 It is to these issues that I now turn.

Section 254(1)(a) of the Companies Act

63 The starting point of my analysis on whether the plaintiffs can rely on s
254(1)(a) of the Companies Act is the resolution that was passed at the EGM on
29 November 2017. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Winding Up Affidavit at p 67.

64 The defendants argue that, on its literal reading, the resolution envisages
the possibility of the plaintiffs buying out the shares of the Lims, or the
Lims buying out the plaintiffs’ shares. Thus, the defendants submit that it is
wrong to suggest that, since the plaintiffs claim that they had eventually
decided that they would not make another offer to buy out the Lims from
Richinn, it would follow automatically that Richinn would be wound up. The
Lims contend that, if the parties had met and discussed the issue in mid-
January 2018, as was contemplated, it might well have turned out that the Lims
would make an offer to buy the plaintiffs out from Richinn.

65 I found the defendants’ submissions as to the possibility of them making an
offer to buy the plaintiffs out to be quite fanciful. Such a claim is
unsupported by the evidence as to the conduct of and discussions between the
parties leading to the passing of the resolution at the EGM on 29 November
2017. It is also at odds with the Lims’ stated position that they wanted to
exit the businesses because of Robert’s failing health.

66 At the CJSS management meeting on 22 September 2017, the Lims had already
declared their intention to exit the business of CJSS and Richinn, giving the
reason that Robert’s health was poor. What followed from that meeting was that
the shareholders of CJSS took active steps to wind down the business. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

See in particular Winding up Affidavit at pp 65 and 66.

The written resolutions of all the directors and shareholders of CJSS on 24
October 2017 are clear evidence of this. It was agreed that there would be an
attempt to sell off the company if there were any potential buyers, and that
all of the machinery of the company would be sold after 31 January 2018 if no
such potential buyers could be found. The Lims and Ho decided to impose a
short period for Chong to find a buyer. This can be seen by the email exchange
between Ho, Tan, and Chong in the days following the 22 September 2017
meeting, and the specific date of 31 January 2018 stipulated in the
resolutions (passed on 24 October 2017) as the deadline for the sale of CJSS
or all of its machinery. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Winding up Affidavit at pp 167 to 169.

67 While the Lims valiantly tried in their oral evidence to deny that the
intention of the 24 October 2017 resolutions was for CJSS’s business to be
wound down, and for CJSS to be eventually liquidated after the sale of the
machinery, I found their evidence to be quite contrary to the reality of what
happened. The undisputed evidence before me was that the employees of CJSS was
being laid off. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript of 6 March 2020, Page 48, Lines 7 to 9.

CJSS’ LMW licence was also not being renewed. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

See note 31 above.

As a matter of commercial logic, given that all the machinery of CJSS would be
sold off by 31 January 2018, it is obvious that the shareholders were
proceeding towards a voluntary liquidation of CJSS. No alternative explanation
was provided. The Lims’ insistence, under cross-examination, that CJSS would
still carry on its existence, reflects poorly on their credibility as
witnesses.

68 In the meantime, Tan and Chong made an offer to purchase the Lims’ shares
in Richinn. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Transcript of 3 March 2020, Page 86, Lines 10 to 21.

This was not accepted. The Lims did not expressly indicate what price would be
acceptable to them. The Lims also did not propose that they instead would buy
the plaintiffs out of Richinn, nor did they make any offer to that effect. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript of 6 March 2020, Page 53, Lines 24 to 32.

69 It is in this context that the four shareholders then attended the EGM of
29 November 2017 and had their discussion about the future of Richinn. There
is really no room for dispute as to what happened at this EGM given that the
transcript that was adduced in evidence. A review of that transcript shows
quite clearly that the buy-out that was being discussed was predicated on Tan
and Chong coming up with an offer price that would be acceptable to the Lims,
at the meeting in mid-January 2018 that was planned. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

1 DBD at p 109.

There was no indication at all at the EGM that the Lims were interested in
buying the plaintiffs’ shares in Richinn. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

See for example, 1 DBD pp 134 to 136.

The Lims’ repeated claims, under cross-examination, that the shareholders had
contemplated and discussed a bidding process, where each side could bid for
the other side’s shares is simply not borne out by the transcript. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript of 6 March 2020, Page 35, Line 28 to Page 36, Line 1.

70 The transcript also recorded that the shareholders had discussed the
liquidation of Richinn, if the price for a buy-out between them was not
agreed. That the topic of liquidation was discussed and decided is shown not
only by the final resolution that was passed at the EGM, but also in the
transcript which captured the discussions on this. Yap, the company’s auditor,
who was present at the meeting, explained the voluntary liquidation process
clearly to the four shareholders. At the trial, however, both the Lims
repeatedly denied that liquidation was discussed at the EGM. When confronted
with the transcript, they both denied understanding that the Chinese phrase
used by Yap meant “liquidation”. Remarkably, both Lims claimed that they
thought it meant only that Richinn would sell all its assets, but remain in
existence as a shell company. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript of 6 March 2020, Page 61, Lines 1 to 17. See also Transcript of 13
March 2020, Page 23, Lines 19 to 25, and Page 28, Lines 1 to 10.

I found this evidence to be quite extraordinary, especially given that both
Robert and Richard were experienced and seasoned businessmen. I also found it
unbelievable that both of them could have come away with this supposed
mistaken understanding.

71 Thus, I find that the shareholders of Richinn came to a consensus at the
EGM that the plaintiffs would make an offer to buy out the Lims’ shares in
Richinn when they met in mid-January 2018. Failing any agreement for the buy-
out, the shareholders agreed to proceed with the voluntary liquidation of the
company. It is in this context that the EGM resolutions of 29 November 2017
should be read.

72 However, while I do not accept the defendants’ version of events in
relation to the parties’ discussions about the future of CJSS and Richinn, and
the intent of the EGM resolutions of 29 November 2017, I find that the
plaintiffs’ reliance on s 254(1)(a) of the Companies Act suffers from two
insurmountable difficulties.

73 First, the resolution on the winding up of Richinn is predicated on “no
agreement [being] reached on the sale and purchase of the shares [at] the
mentioned meeting [in mid-January 2018]” (emphasis added). While it is true
that the plaintiffs had already made an offer to acquire the Lims’ shares in
October that had not been accepted, the terms of the resolution contemplate
that the plaintiffs would at least try to make an improved offer to the Lims
at the latest during the mid-January 2018 meeting. This is especially given
that the four shareholders would have had the benefit of Richinn’s management
accounts as of 30 November 2017 when they were to meet again in mid-January
2018. In fact, it is specifically mentioned in the first resolution passed at
the EGM on 29 November 2017 that the parties would review the management
accounts of 30 November 2017 at the mid-January 2018 meeting so as to
“finalize [sic] on the sale and purchase of the shares between the present
members”.

74 While I accept the plaintiffs’ submission that they could not be expected
to meet with the Lims after the Lims had made numerous baseless accusations
against them in KSCGP’s letter of 8 January 2018, that would not have
prevented the plaintiffs from studying the management accounts of Richinn as
at 30 November 2017, and thereafter making an offer to buy the Lims out in
mid-January 2018. Since this was not even done, I am unable to agree that the
condition precedent to the agreement to wind up Richinn was met. As outlined
above at [71], the condition precedent outlined in the special resolutions of
29 November 2017 must be seen in the context of what the parties had agreed
and were expecting. The plaintiffs’ failure to even put forward or propose a
further offer means that the condition precedent was not met.

75 More significantly, and even if I am mistaken as to the condition precedent
outlined above from [73] to [74], the final resolution passed at the EGM of 29
November 2017 was that, failing an agreement for a buy-out, “the members
agreed to proceed with members voluntary winding up of the company” (emphasis
added). This is not the statutory requirement prescribed in s 254(1)(a) of the
Companies Act, which provides that the Court may wind up a company if there is
a special resolution by the members that “it be wound up by the Court”
(emphasis added). Given this, I find that there is no legal basis for the
plaintiffs to rely on s 254(1)(a) to wind up Richinn. There was simply no
special resolution by the members that the company would be wound up by the
Court. Rather, it was contemplated that the process that would be carried out
would be a voluntary winding up, which would not involve any legal
proceedings.

76 Given my findings above, there is no need for me to consider the Lims’
further argument that the EGM resolutions of 29 November 2017 were validly
rescinded by the resolutions passed by the Lims without Tan and Chong’s votes
on 29 January 2018.

77 For the reasons above, I find that the plaintiffs have not made out their
case that Richinn should be wound up under s 254(1)(a) of the Companies Act.

Section 254(1)(f) of the Companies Act

78 In relation to the claim that Richinn should be wound up under s 254(1)(f)
of the Companies Act because the Lims have carried out acts which constitute
minority oppression against the plaintiffs, I find that the conduct alleged by
the plaintiffs to be oppressive can be divided into three periods:

(a) First, when the Lims gave the pretext of ill health as an excuse to end
the business venture with the plaintiffs, despite the Lims’ real intentions
being to carry on a laser cutting business on their own through Choon Hin Iron
Works;

(b) Second, when the Lims allegedly pressured the plaintiffs to come up with a
higher price to buy out the Lims’ shares in Richinn; and

(c) Third, the Lims’ reaction in January 2018 and thereafter on the discovery
of Tan’s breaches of duties involving the use of Novatac.

I will deal with these three periods in turn.

79 First, it is not disputed that the Lims had, through Choon Hin Iron Works,
acquired a laser cutting machine in mid-September 2017 at the cost of around
US$730,000.00. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Robert’s AEIC at p 7304.

This was close to the date of the CJSS management meeting on 22 September
2017, when the Lims first announced their intention to exit from their
business ventures with the plaintiffs in both CJSS and Richinn. The reason
given for this intention to exit was that Robert’s health was poor, but at
trial, both the Lims admitted that this was actually untrue. It was simply
used as an excuse. The true reason for the Lims’ decision was their
unhappiness about Richinn’s business performance in recent years.

80 Under cross-examination, the Lims denied that they were planning to end the
business venture at Richinn because they wanted to carry out the business of
laser cutting on their own. However, I found it quite telling that the new
machine, which they had purchased and which was delivered in December 2017,
was stored at the premises of AK Lee Pte Ltd, a company owned by a friend of
Robert’s, even though the machine could have easily been stored at any of
Choon Hin’s premises. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript of 6 March 2020, Page 83, Lines 10 to 14.

Not only that, the Lims did not inform the plaintiffs about this purchase at
all. When considered together, the facts appear to suggest that the Lims
wanted to keep the purchase a secret, at least until they had parted ways with
the plaintiffs in relation to CJSS and Richinn. After all, Richard admitted in
cross-examination that the use of the laser cutting machine by Choon Hin would
hurt Richinn’s business. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript of 12 March 2020, Page 63, Lines 12 to 14.

81 I find that the Lims probably wanted to end their working relationship with
the plaintiffs in CJSS and Richinn because they wanted to establish a laser
cutting business on their own. As such, they gave excuses about Robert’s
health in order to explain why they wanted to exit the business without
attracting otherwise unnecessary animosity. Having said that, I do not think
that the Lims’ conduct in this regard can amount to minority oppression.

82 The parties had been in business together since 2004. On 1 October 2013,
the four shareholders of Richinn signed the Extension Agreement, which
extended the Non-Competition Covenant for five years from the date of the
Extension Agreement. There was no obligation on the part of the Lims to
refrain from carrying on their own laser cutting business after 1 October
2018, if they were willing to sell their shares in Richinn and resign as
directors. In September 2017, the Lims raised the idea of terminating their
venture early, and this was accepted without protest by the plaintiffs. The
fact that the Lims might want to go on to set up a laser cutting business of
their own is something they are entitled to do after the end of the business
venture with the plaintiffs, and they were not under any obligation to tell
the plaintiffs of their future plans. They were also not under any obligation
to tell the plaintiffs the real reason for wanting to end their venture. As
such, I find that the fact that the Lims might not have given their real
reasons for wanting to exit the business cannot be said to give rise to any
claim for minority oppression. Furthermore, while the Lims might have been
intending to engage in a laser cutting business to the exclusion of Tan and
Chong, no evidence was placed before me which suggested that they had done so
prior to the breakdown of the relationship between the parties, and I am not
satisfied that the Lims’ intentions to commence their own laser cutting
business can, without more, warrant a finding of unfairness justifying winding
up under s 254(1)(f) of the Companies Act.

83 Next, the plaintiffs rely on the fact that, in October and November 2017,
the Lims acted in a manner which increased the pressure on the plaintiffs to
buy the Lims out of Richinn at a price that was higher than the true value of
the Lims’ 60% shareholding. The plaintiffs refer to the fact that they had
made an offer to buy out the Lims’ shares which involved a swap of the
plaintiffs’ shares in other investments that were jointly owned with the Lims.
But, this was not accepted, and the Lims did not make any kind of counter-
offer. Instead, the Lims asked Richinn’s auditor come up with an indicative
valuation of Richinn, and also said that they expected to be bought out at a
premium over the value that the auditor determined. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript of 6 March 2020, Page 61, Line 29 to Page 62, Line 7. See also
Transcript of 13 March 2020, Page 15, Line 27 to Page 17, Line 7, and Page 59,
Lines 25 to 32.

This is presumably because the Lims had majority control of Richinn. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Transcript of 17 March 2020, Page 9, Line 14 to Page 10, Line 6. See also 7
PBAF p 4662, as well as Transcript of 17 March 2020, Page 34, Line 19 to Page
36, Line 10.

The plaintiffs’ evidence is that they felt pressured to come up with a higher
offer for the Lims’ shares, which they could not afford.

84 Even taking the plaintiffs’ case at its highest in relation to this
complaint, I do not find that oppression is made out as a matter of law. The
Lims were perfectly entitled to act in their own interests in relation to the
sale of their shares. They wanted the best possible price for their shares in
Richinn, which was to be expected. To show oppression or establish unfair
behaviour within the meaning of s 254(1)(f) of the Companies Act, the
plaintiffs have to show how the Lims used their position as majority
shareholders of Richinn, in October and November 2017, to act in a manner in
relation to the affairs of Richinn that was unfair or unjust to the
plaintiffs. This has simply not been shown on the facts. For example, there
was no misuse of the company’s assets or funds, nor was there any denial of
information in relation to the company’s finances. No specific considerations,
equitable or otherwise, were highlighted to me which would operate to place
fetters on the particular manner in which the Lims were permitted to sell or
deal with their shares. Absent such considerations or legitimate expectations,
I did not see why the Lims ought not to be permitted to pursue the best
possible price for their shares, in the same way that their counterparties
would also be entitled to pursue the lowest possible price. There has been no
suggestion of impropriety in the manner in which the pricing was pursued.

85 Third, the plaintiffs rely on the Lims’ response on the discovery of Tan’s
misconduct as a director and fiduciary of Richinn. The Lims’ reaction and the
steps they caused Richinn to take has been described by the plaintiffs as an
overreaction and wholly disproportionate. In doing so, the plaintiffs submit
that the Lims have “hijacked” Richinn to serve their own personal interests.
114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PCS from [135] to [161].

86 In the case of Tan, it is not in any serious dispute that he breached his
duties as a director of Richinn when he used Novatac to take orders from
Richinn’s customers, FA Systems and Nutek, near the end of December 2017.
After Tan received KSCGP’s letter of 8 January 2018 which referred to, inter
alia, his use of Novatac, he tried to cover his tracks by asking several
employees of Richinn to switch the orders placed by Novatac to BME, then an
existing customer of Richinn. Tan readily admitted to these facts in his
cross-examination. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Transcript of 20 March 2020, Page 102, Line 1 to Page 104, Line 7. See also
Transcript of 20 March 2020, Page 110, Line 4 to Page 111, Line 11.

It is obvious to me, from his answers and his demeanour during cross-
examination, that Tan acted in this misguided way in December 2017 and January
2018 because he thought that Richinn would be wound up very shortly, and he
did not think it was wrong for Novatac to start accepting orders from
Richinn’s customers since the work was being passed on to Richinn. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript of 20 March 2020, Page 88, Lines 1 to 16. Transcript of 20 March
2020, Page 104, Lines 12 to 23.

He candidly admitted that he now realises, with the benefit of legal advice,
that he was wrong to think and act in the way that he did. He explained in his
oral evidence that that was why he decided to settle the claim in Suit 1008.
117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcript of 24 March 2020, Page 31, Line 25 to Page 32, Line 7.

As indicated earlier, the terms of the settlement were not disclosed to me.

87 When faced with the discovery of Tan’s breaches of duties in early January
2018, I find that it was reasonable for the Lims to have appointed solicitors
to write to him about his actions, and also to then remove him from his
position as an executive employee of Richinn, at the very least until further
investigation was done and the full facts uncovered. This was to protect the
interests of Richinn from any further potential loss. The fact that the Lims
then caused Richinn to commence legal proceedings against Tan was also a
reasonable course of action to take, since there is no dispute that Richinn
did suffer some damage due to his breaches of duties.

88 In this regard, the plaintiffs have made submissions to the effect that the
claims brought in Suit 1008, as well as those made in KSCGP’s letter of 8
January 2018, were extravagant and over-reaching. It is argued that, save for
the part of Richinn’s claims against Tan for his actions regarding Novatac in
December 2017 and January 2018, there was no basis for the extensive claims
against Tan, Chong, Novatac, BME, and the ex-employees of Richinn for having
engaged in a conspiracy to divert the business of Richinn’s customers from
February 2018 onwards. Since Suit 1008 has been settled by the parties, I do
not propose to say much about the merits of that claim, although I note the
following:

(a) Both the Lims admitted during cross-examination that there was little to
no basis for their claims that there was diversion of business from Richinn to
Novatac or BME from February 2018 onwards. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

See for example, Transcript of 5 March 2020, Page 53, Lines 18 to 24 and Page
61, Lines 3 to 10. See also Transcript of 13 March 2020, Page 34, Line 20 to
Page 35, Line 12.

(b) Several serious claims were levied in Suit 1008 against a number of the
ex-employees of Richinn, but these claims lacked specificity. In particular,
allegations of conspiracy and dishonest assistance were made, even while the
Statement of Claim in Suit 1008 did not clearly particularise the specific
wrongs and the details of those wrongs which each of the ex-employees was
accused of having committed; 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Statement of Claim in Suit 1008 (Amendment No. 2) from [65] to [86].

(c) The damages which the Lims might have received from Tan arising from Suit
1008, even in a best-case scenario, were acknowledged by the Lims to be
disproportionately small as compared to the likely costs of trial; 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Transcript of 3 March 2020, Page 80, Lines 23 to 28.

(d) The customers which Richinn claimed had been wrongfully diverted in Suit
1008 had themselves filed affidavits stating that they were not diverted, but
Richinn nonetheless insisted on maintaining that head of claim; 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

See for example, Transcript of 13 March 2020, Page 35, Lines 4 to 12. See also
AEICs of, inter alia, Ananda Pathinayake and Kunasegaran Vasu.

and

(e) Tan was accused of having wrongfully terminated Richinn’s ISO
certification despite having already been removed from Richinn’s management by
the material time. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript of 19 March 2020, Page 45, Lines 27 to 30.

It suffices for me to observe that the above points notwithstanding, there was
still some basis for the Lims to cause Richinn to bring a claim against Tan
for breach of his duties, given Tan’s admissions about how he had used Novatac
in late December 2017 and early January 2018. As such, in my judgment, one
cannot say that Tan was oppressed in his position as minority shareholder of
Richinn by the institution of legal proceedings in Suit 1008 against him.

89 However, the position is quite different in the case of Chong. As I have
mentioned more than once earlier in this judgment, it is not disputed that
Chong was not involved in Tan’s actions regarding Novatac, nor was he aware of
them when they were taking place. Tan himself described Chong as having been
“dumbfounded” upon finding out all that Tan had done in relation to Novatac
and BME. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcript of 20 March 2020, Page 114, Lines 1 to 22.

The evidence before me was that Chong was informed by Tan about his actions
after both of them received KSCGP’s letter of 8 January 2018, which accused
the both of them of serious breaches of duties.

90 Even after Chong’s removal from his executive positions in Richinn and CJSS
by the end of January 2018, there was a complete absence of any evidence
before me to show that Chong acted in any manner to cause the diversion of
business from Richinn to Novatac or BME. There was also no evidence that he
had conspired with any of the ex-employees of Richinn against the company, or
that he had induced them to breach their employment contracts with Richinn. As
such, I was left to conclude from the evidence before me at the trial that
there was absolutely no basis for the Lims to cause Richinn to bring legal
proceedings against Chong. It appears clear to me that the Lims had just
assumed that Chong was involved in all of Tan’s actions, without a proper
inquiry as to whether there was a proper basis for such a belief.

91 Belatedly, with a growing realisation of the difficulties in explaining how
they treated Chong, the Lims have tried to shift the focus during the trial
and in their closing submissions to Chong’s failure to “distance” himself from
Tan’s actions after being told in January 2018 of what the latter had done in
relation to Novatac. Instead, the Lims argue, Chong “aligned” himself with Tan
by joining him as a plaintiff to commence these winding up proceedings.

92 I am unable to accept that Chong’s “inaction” when being told about Tan’s
conduct can amount to a breach of his duties to Richinn. It must be remembered
that by then, the Lims had unjustifiably accused Chong of various breaches of
duties, including involvement with Novatac. I am left to wonder what Chong
should have done in these circumstances given the unsubstantiated allegations
against him, other than to defend himself vigorously, which is what he did.
There was no need for him to tell the Lims about what Tan had done concerning
Novatac because they already knew about those acts.

93 As for the bringing of the winding up proceedings, Chong was fully entitled
to start these proceedings. He had, after all, been egregiously and
unjustifiably accused of all manner of unlawful and improper actions, and the
Lims had used Richinn as a vehicle through which to make those claims. The
fact that he was a co-plaintiff with Tan in these winding up proceedings is
not a breach of his duties to Richinn, nor does it preclude him from relying
on his own basis for seeking Richinn’s winding up. In this regard, the Lims
have not referred to any authorities which support their argument that Chong’s
conduct amounts to a breach of the duties Chong owed to the company.

94 From my review of the evidence in support of the claim in Suit 1008, I find
that there was no basis at all for any claim to have been brought against
Chong. There was also no basis for the allegations against him in the letter
from KSCGP of 8 January 2018, and for the Lims to have removed him from his
executive position in Richinn via the EGM resolutions of 29 January 2018. In
the circumstances, I find that the Lims have caused Richinn to act in a manner
that is in disregard of Chong’s legitimate expectation that he would be part
of the management of Richinn. As will be explained in the section of this
judgment below on the claim to wind up Richinn on a just and equitable basis,
both Tan and Chong had a legitimate expectation to be involved in the
management of Richinn because that was the basis of their association with the
Lims in forming this joint venture. I find that this exclusion was clearly
unfair and unjust to Chong because he was innocent of any wrongdoing in
relation to Richinn.

95 I note for completeness a point which was not seriously pursued before me.
It may be argued that Richinn was entitled to pursue a claim against Chong for
breach of the Non-Competition Covenant through his work with BME in the laser
cutting business. While this claim was raised in Suit 1008, the Lims’ closing
submissions in the present proceedings focused instead on Chong’s having
“aligned” himself with Tan. Be that as it may, I find that Chong’s conduct in
working for BME from around 11 June 2018 may be justified on the basis that he
simply had to work to earn a living after being unfairly excluded from his
executive position in Richinn. He did not have any other realistic choice
given that working in the laser cutting industry was his entire livelihood,
and he had been unfairly “locked-in” to Richinn (see [108] and [109] below).
In addition, I am not satisfied that the Lims’ overall response, coupled with
the entire litany of allegations made, was at all proportionate to any
potential breach of the Non-Competition Covenant by Chong.

96 For the above reasons, I find that Chong has established a proper basis to
seek a winding up order against Richinn under s 254(1)(f) of the Companies
Act.

Section 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act

97 The legal principles that are applied in determining when a company may be
wound up under s 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act are fairly well established.
In Sim Yong Kim v Evenstar Investments Pte Ltd [2006] 3 SLR(R) 827
(“Evenstar”) at [31], the Court of Appeal set out the general principles on
just and equitable winding up as follows:

We accept that the notion of unfairness lies at the heart of the ‘just and
equitable’ jurisdiction in s 254(1)(i) of the CA and that the section does not
allow a member to ‘exit at will’, as is plain from its express terms. Nor does
it apply to a case where the loss of trust and confidence in the other members
is self-induced. It cannot be just and equitable to wind up a company just
because a minority shareholder feels aggrieved or wishes to exit at will.
However, unfairness can arise in different situations and from different kinds
of conduct in different circumstances. Cases involving management deadlock or
loss of mutual trust and confidence where the ‘just and equitable’
jurisdiction under s 254(1)(i) has been successfully invoked can be re-
characterised as cases of unfairness, whether arising from broken promises or
disregard for the interests of the minority shareholder. …

98 As observed in Seah Chee Wan and another v Connectus Group Pte Ltd [2019]
SGHC 228 (“Connectus”) at [115] and [117], the court’s just and equitable
jurisdiction cannot be exercised at a whim. Rather, where the company is a
“quasi-partnership” and it is shown to the satisfaction of the Court that
keeping the company as a going concern would engender unfairness, that will
provide a basis for the invocation of the court’s just and equitable
jurisdiction.

99 In this case, the plaintiffs assert that Richinn is a corporate embodiment
of the quasi-partnership between them and the Lims. The plaintiffs go on to
argue that the relationship of trust and confidence that underlay the quasi-
partnership has been eroded by the series of events that took place from
September 2017 up to January 2018, when that relationship was shattered
completely.

100 The first issue I have to decide is whether Richinn is indeed a quasi-
partnership. A quasi-partnership may include one or more of the following
elements (Ebrahimi v Westbourne Galleries Ltd [1973] AC 360 (“Ebrahimi”) at
379, cited with approval in Evenstar at [29] and Connectus at [116]):

(i) an association formed or continued on the basis of a personal
relationship, involving mutual confidence – this element will often be found
where a pre-existing partnership has been converted into a limited company;
(ii) an agreement, or understanding, that all, or some (for there may be
‘sleeping’ members) of the shareholders shall participate in the conduct of
the business; [and] (iii) restriction upon the transfer of the members’
interest in the company – so that if confidence is lost, or one member is
removed from management, he cannot take out his stake and go elsewhere.

I note in addition the observation in Evenstar at [30] that “[o]ur courts …
have not limited their jurisdiction to superimpose equitable considerations to
merely the three circumstances mentioned” in Ebrahimi. In the same way, the
three circumstances outlined should not be construed as sine qua non
requirements before a quasi-partnership is found.

101 In this regard, the Lims have strenuously argued that while Richinn is a
joint venture between the Lims and the plaintiffs, it is not a quasi-
partnership because the facts show the following: (a) the plaintiffs did not
have any pre-existing relationship with the Lims prior to coming together to
set up the laser cutting business; (b) the shareholders had documented the
“rules” governing their working relationship in the form of the Shareholders’
Agreement and other agreements signed thereafter; and (c) the Lims were only
investors in Richinn, as can be seen from the fact that they played no active
role in the business save to check on the business performance at monthly
management meetings and on any payments to be made by Richinn.

102 While it is certainly true that the Lims and the plaintiffs did not enjoy
any personal relationship before they embarked on this joint venture, I think
that there has been an over-emphasis on this point by the Lims. While this
frequently does feature in many cases where quasi-partnerships are found, it
is not a pre-requisite to a finding of quasi-partnership that the quasi-
partners must have had a personal relationship prior to the start of their
venture. As observed by this Court in Lim Ah Sia v Tiong Tuan Yeong and others
[2014] 4 SLR 140 at [55], citing Woon’s Corporations Law (LexisNexis, 2013)
with approval, “… whether or not the Initial Shareholders were close personal
friends or otherwise is not dispositive in the determination of whether the
Company was a quasi-partnership …”. This addresses the Lims’ first objection
to any finding of a quasi-partnership on the facts.

103 What is clear to me from the evidence is that the Lims on the one hand,
and the plaintiffs on the other, had agreed to come together for this new
venture of setting up a laser cutting business using Richinn. It was agreed
that, to start the joint venture, the Lims would provide the initial capital
for the acquisition of the necessary machines and provide a premises for the
business to be operated. In turn, the plaintiffs would devote all their
efforts to the setting up of the laser cutting operations, and would run the
business on a day-to-day basis. Richard testified that there was an oral
agreement between the four of them that Tan and Chong would manage the
company. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript of 5 March 2020, Page 8, Lines 5 to 24.

In my judgment, this was the very core of the understanding and arrangements
between the parties. It was the foundation of their willingness to associate
with each other for this business enterprise. Yet, this core agreement was not
documented in the Shareholders’ Agreement or any joint venture agreement
between the parties. There was nothing in writing which recorded the parties’
respective responsibilities in the setting up of the business. The
Shareholders’ Agreement dealt primarily with the allocation of shares to the
respective shareholders, and only stipulated general provisions that the
parties would “use his best endeavour [sic] to promote and develop the
business of the company”. Thus, while the Shareholders’ Agreement is no doubt
an important document, it did not fully capture the parties’ arrangements for
their venture.

104 The best example of this is that neither the Shareholders’ Agreement nor
Richinn’s articles of association provide that Tan and Chong would be given
full-time employment at Richinn, or that they would be appointed as executive
directors who would manage the company. Tan and Chong also never had any
written employment contracts with Richinn which set out their salaries and
remuneration. However, it was undoubtedly fundamental to the business
arrangement between the plaintiffs and the Lims that the plaintiffs would be
working full time at Richinn and drawing salaries from their roles there.
Otherwise, they would not have agreed to participate in this joint venture.
The plaintiffs were, after all, planning to make a living from running a
business which they could, at least partially, own, unlike the Lims who had
other sources of income from their business interests in the Choon Hin
companies. Under cross-examination, the Lims agreed that the fact that Tan and
Chong could work and make a living from running Richinn was a fundamental
basis of their association. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript of 5 March 2020, Page 8, Lines 5 to 10.

105 This makes it rather clear to me that, while the Lims on the one hand, and
the plaintiffs on the other, did not have any personal relationship prior to
them coming together for the joint venture, they were nonetheless prepared to
work together on the basis of an unwritten understanding as to each other’s
responsibilities in the setting up and operation of the joint venture. While
they did not know each other well in 2004, they were prepared to place at
least some trust in each other, and were confident that each of them would
live up to his word. That the four shareholders had associated with each other
for this venture on the basis of certain unwritten understandings is a clear
indicator that Richinn was operated as a quasi-partnership from the time the
laser cutting business was set up. Put another way, both sides had legitimate
expectations of each other in relation to this venture. For the plaintiffs,
they had a legitimate expectation to be allowed to work at and manage Richinn.

106 The evidence of the manner in which Richinn’s business was run also
indicates to me that this was not one where the Lims were merely “sleeping”
investors who played little or no role in Richinn’s operations. While it is
certainly true that it was Tan and Chong who ran Richinn’s day-to-day business
together, which was in accordance with the understanding underlying the joint
venture arrangements, the undisputed evidence is that they could not authorise
any payments from Richinn’s funds, even for day-to-day operations, without
getting the concurrence of at least one of the Lims. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Transcript of 5 March 2020, Page 12, Line 27 to Page 13, Line 7.

The Lims were required cheque signatories, and they also held the bank tokens
for the electronic operation of Richinn’s bank accounts. This in itself
already indicates that the Lims did play a significant role in the business of
Richinn, in that they had to approve all payments by the company. Robert
himself admitted, under cross-examination, that because of their control over
any payments, the Lims had a “direct say” in the running of the company. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript of 5 March 2020, Page 13, Lines 3 to 7.

107 It is also common ground that Richinn shared its administrative staff with
the Choon Hin group of companies, which was controlled by the Lims. The Lims
were also updated monthly on Richinn’s business performance. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript of 11 March 2020, Page 58, Lines 8 to 12.

In addition, Tan gave evidence that he would consult with the Lims on business
matters on occasion, given that they were older and more experienced
businessmen. Robert confirmed this in his oral evidence. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Transcript of 5 March 2020, Page 19, Lines 11 to 13.

Given all this, while it was Tan and Chong who managed the business and dealt
with the customers on a daily basis, I accept their submission that Richinn’s
business was actually a collaborative joint effort between the Lims and the
plaintiffs. It cannot be said that the Lims took no part in the business of
Richinn at all. While not determinative of the question, this conclusion
reinforced my view that the shareholders of Richinn had established a quasi-
partnership in 2004, where they each had some distinct role to play in the
joint venture. Clearly, it was not the case that the Lims were simply
“sleeping” investors in the company, where the plaintiffs simply worked under
and reported to the Lims. Indeed, both the Lims admitted, under cross-
examination, that they regarded Tan and Chong as their business partners. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Transcript of 5 March 2020, Page 26, Lines 3 to 4. See also Transcript of 12
March 2020, Page 20, Lines 22 and 24, and Page 31 Lines 30 and 31.

108 The next consideration is whether the plaintiffs can be said to be “locked
in” to Richinn in the sense that they could not simply sell their stake in the
company and leave. While there is no express restriction on share transfer in
either Richinn’s articles or the Shareholders’ Agreement, the analysis of this
issue requires a closer examination of the contractual relationship between
the parties.

109 In my view, it is highly significant that the Shareholders’ Agreement
contains the Non-Competition Covenant at cl 4.2. This provides that none of
the shareholders of Richinn are permitted to engage in a business in
competition with Richinn, so long as he remains either a shareholder or
director of Richinn. Neither the Lims nor the plaintiffs have taken the
position or argued in these proceedings that the Non-Competition Covenant is
not valid and effective. On the basis that the Non-Competition Covenant is
enforceable, the plaintiffs are effectively bound to Richinn unless they are
prepared to give up their shares at a price to be determined by the Lims or to
work in an entirely different line of business which they have no experience
in whatsoever. This is because Richinn is a private limited company, and the
plaintiffs only hold a minority stake of 40%. The commercial reality of the
situation is that it would be practically impossible for the plaintiffs to
find potential buyers for their minority stake, other than the Lims or third
parties with whom the Lims have agreed to work. Put bluntly, the plaintiffs
are at the mercy of the Lims insofar as the disposal of their shares in
Richinn is concerned. More significantly, the existence of the Non-Competition
Covenant prevents the plaintiffs from working in any competitive business,
unless they sell their shares in Richinn, for which, realistically, the only
potential buyers would be the Lims. As such, the plaintiffs would be
effectively trapped in Richinn unless they sold their shares to the Lims at a
price which the latter could effectively dictate.

110 The Court of Appeal expressly observed in Evenstar ([100] supra) at [36]
that:

The inequity justifying a winding-up order in such situations does not lie in
the oppressive or wrongful conduct of the other shareholder in the management
of the company or the conduct of its affairs, but in the opposing
shareholder’s insistence on locking the applicant shareholder in the company
despite the stalemate they have reached concerning the conduct of the
company’s business.

[Emphasis in original]

What is particularly instructive from this extract of Evenstar is that even in
a situation where there is merely deadlock and where no oppressive acts have
been attributed to either side, it would still be inequitable to “lock” a
shareholder into the company. This applies a fortiori in a situation where a
minority shareholder, in particular on the facts of this case, Chong, has
suffered some form of oppression or unfairness by virtue of the other party’s
overt acts.

111 In my view, the Court should inquire into whether a minority shareholder
is in fact “locked in” as a matter of substance, instead of simply checking to
see if there is an express clause limiting the sale of shares. Given the
drastic consequences that would follow if the parties were to fall out, in
that the plaintiffs on the instant facts would have no realistic opportunity
to work freely in a competitive business elsewhere unless they effectively
surrendered their shares to the Lims, I find that the plaintiffs were de facto
“locked in” at Richinn. In the event of a falling-out with the Lims, the
plaintiffs would not be able to simply uproot and start their own laser
cutting business elsewhere without giving up their shares in Richinn or
running the risk of being sued under the Non-Competition Covenant. The Lims’
insistence on the plaintiffs being “locked in” and continuing as shareholders
of Richinn even after they had been sacked from their management of the
company (and denied the salaries which accompanied those positions) needs to
be seen in light of the above-outlined commercial realities.

112 Bearing in mind all the considerations above, I find that Richinn is
indeed a quasi-partnership between the plaintiffs and the Lims. This was so
from the point when Richinn’s laser cutting business was established in 2004
and the plaintiffs became shareholders in Richinn.

113 Next, the Lims argue that, even if a quasi-partnership existed at the
inception of the laser cutting business, any such quasi-partnership would have
come to an end by virtue of the parties’ conduct in 2014, when Chong went to
Malaysia to work full-time with CJSS and CKMMT. This point can be disposed of
quickly. The short answer is that the quasi-partners had agreed that Chong be
given the task of running the Malaysian business operations. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

See for example, Transcript of 5 March 2020, Page 26, Lines 17 to 23 and
Transcript of 12 March 2020, Page 69, Lines 15 to 16.

There was no indication or evidence that they intended to fundamentally alter
their underlying relationship such that the quasi-partnership was terminated.
In fact, there was no evidence from either of the Lims that there was any
change in their working relationship other than the fact that Chong was based
in Malaysia to take care of their shared interests. There is really no doubt
in my mind that the four quasi-partners contemplated that, even though Chong
was working with CJSS and CKMMT, he still concurrently held management powers
as an executive director in Richinn, albeit without a requirement for him to
manage Richinn on a day-to-day basis. This is in fact shown by the
shareholders’ resolutions passed by the Lims on 29 January 2018, where they
regarded Chong as still having an executive position in Richinn as at that
time, and resolved to remove all his management powers in Richinn and remove
him as an executive employee. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Winding up Affidavit at p 80.

Thus, the Lims themselves have acknowledged that there was no change in
Chong’s executive position in Richinn even though he was then based in
Malaysia. I therefore reject the submission that the quasi-partnership ended
in 2015 by virtue of Chong’s working in Malaysia.

114 Given my finding that Richinn operated as a quasi-partnership from the
time it started its laser cutting business, the question that then follows is
whether the plaintiffs have established that the relationship between them and
the Lims has broken down such that it is fair for Richinn to be wound up. In
this respect, just like in the case of my analysis under s 254(1)(f) of the
Companies Act, the conduct of the shareholders leading up to the time the
originating summons for winding up was filed must be examined.

115 There is no doubt that, by the time the time the winding up application
was filed, the shareholders’ relationship had deteriorated beyond repair. The
question is what caused this. The Lims argue that that the breakdown of the
relationship was caused by Tan and Chong’s breaches of their duties to
Richinn, in particular, because of the use of Novatac in December 2017 to
place orders with Richinn for items that were destined for FA Systems and
Nutek. As such, since the breakdown was self-induced, it is contended that the
plaintiffs cannot rely on it as a basis to seek a just and equitable winding
up. On the other hand, the plaintiffs argue that the working relationship
between themselves and the Lims was already coming to an end by that time
because the Lims had declared their intention to exit the businesses, and the
final nail in the coffin was caused by the Lims making unfounded allegations
against the plaintiffs in January 2018 and then removing them from their
executive positions in Richinn.

116 On 22 September 2017, the Lims declared their intention to exit from the
joint venture with the plaintiffs in CJSS and Richinn. There was no prior
consultation or discussion with the plaintiffs about this intention to end the
business venture. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript of 12 March 2020, Page 51, Lines 9 to 11, and Page 53, Lines 5 to
14.

The plaintiffs had really no choice but to accept the Lims’ decision. In the
case of CJSS, I have already found that the six shareholders then decided to
sell off the machinery, let go of the employees, and wind down its business,
if there were no buyers for the company. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

See [19] above.

This is evidenced by the resolutions for CJSS passed on 24 October 2017, and
the steps taken thereafter. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Richard’s AEIC from [87] to [88].

117 In the case of Richinn, the events that transpired in the months of
October and November 2017 show quite clearly that the expectation was that the
plaintiffs would try to buy the Lims’ shares in Richinn, if they could afford
to do so. This is shown by the fact that (a) it was the Lims who wanted to
exit the business, ostensibly for health reasons; (b) the plaintiffs then made
an offer to acquire the Lims’ shares in Richinn, which was not accepted; and
(c) the Lims did not make any kind of counter-proposal to buy the plaintiffs’
shares instead. This conclusion is buttressed by the fact the Lims then
instructed Yap, Richinn’s auditor, to come up with a valuation of Richinn, 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript of 12 March 2020, Page 76, Lines 26 to 31.

and indicated to the plaintiffs that they expected to be paid a premium for
their shares, which represented a majority stake in Richinn. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

7 PBAF 4662. See also Transcript of 13 March 2020, Page 16, Lines 15 to 18.

The transcript of the recording of the discussions at the EGM of 29 November
2017 further confirms that it was the plaintiffs who were expected to come up
with a price acceptable to the Lims when parties were due to meet again in
mid-January 2018. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

1 DBOD from pp 103 to 158, and in particular pp 109, 122, 128, 132, 133, 137,
and 138.

118 Hence, for all intents and purposes, the working relationship between the
plaintiffs and the Lims was headed to an end, either by way of a buy-out or a
voluntary winding up, as is clear from the resolution passed by the Richinn
shareholders on 29 November 2017. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Winding up Affidavit at p 67.

In my judgment, this impending end was brought about by the Lims’ stated
desire to exit the business and the agreement between the parties to
voluntarily wind up Richinn if the plaintiffs could not come up with a price
acceptable to the Lims for the latter’s shares.

119 Then, in December 2017 and early January 2018, as I have already found,
Tan breached his duties as a director of Richinn by causing it to deal with
Novatac. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

See [86] and [87] above.

Chong was not party to or involved in these actions, and cannot be said to be
in breach of his duties to Richinn. In my view, the pivotal point came by way
of KSCGP’s letter of 8 January 2018. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Winding up Affidavit at pp 72 and 73.

This missive from the Lims’ lawyers levelled a series of grave allegations
against both Tan and Chong. As is clear from the evidence at trial, only the
allegation against Tan regarding the use of Novatac had any basis. The other
allegations, which spanned from alleged conflicts of interest by Tan and Chong
involving other companies, to claims that the plaintiffs had denied the Lims
access to Richinn’s financial information, were unjustified and unwarranted.
142

##### Foot Note 142

×

See, for example, Transcript of 10 March 2020, Page 31, Line 25 to Page 33,
Line 23.

KSCGP’s letter also ended with a threat to remove the plaintiffs as directors
of Richinn, which was followed up with a notice of an EGM seeking to carry out
that threat. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Winding up Affidavit at p 74.

Eventually, while Tan and Chong were not removed as directors, they were
relieved of their management powers and executive positions in Richinn. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Winding up Affidavit at pp 126 and 127.

120 In my judgment, the actions taken by the Lims against Tan and Chong in
January 2018 were the proximate cause of the breakdown of their relationship.
While it is true that Tan had breached his duties, I find that the Lims had
gone overboard in their allegations against him by making a host of other
unfounded allegations. There was also no basis at all for the allegations
against Chong. In fact, one cannot help but be driven to the conclusion that
the Lims were trying to capitalise on Tan’s acts of folly concerning Novatac
to place pressure on both Tan and Chong in the hope that they would come up
with a higher price for the Lims’ shares. That explains why the Lims wanted to
go ahead with the mid-January 2018 meeting to discuss the sale and purchase of
their shares despite their expressed outrage with the actions of the
plaintiffs. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript of 10 March 2020, Page 51, Lines 21 to 28.

According to the Lims, they were still prepared to have an amicable discussion
about a buy-out of their shares in Richinn. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

See for example, Transcript of 10 March 2020, Page 48, Lines 21 to 30.

However, while Robert testified, under cross-examination, that he could still
sit down to talk with the plaintiffs about a possible buy-out, 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript of 3 March 2020, Page 93, Lines 12 to 18, and Page 90, Lines 18 to
23.

he agreed that to expect the four shareholders to work together after the
lawyers’ letters exchanged in January 2018 and the plaintiffs’ removal as
executives from Richinn would be another issue altogether. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript of 3 March 2020, Page 95, Lines 18 to 24.

I find this to be a candid admission that things had fallen apart by the end
of January and what was done could not be undone. I was therefore quite
surprised that, in these proceedings, the Lims seem to have adopted the
diametrically opposite position – they appear to want Richinn to continue with
the plaintiffs and themselves remaining as shareholders. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Transcript of 13 March 2020, Page 57, Lines 5 to 9. See also Transcript of 3
March 2020, Page 96, Lines 17 to 23. See in addition DCS at [237] and DRS at
[84] and [85].

121 As already mentioned, what is more likely to be the truth is that the Lims
were hoping to apply pressure on the plaintiffs at the meeting in mid-January
2018 with threats of a lawsuit in order to extract a better price. When that
did not materialise because the plaintiffs decided not to attend the meeting,
the Lims then had a change of plan. The Lims passed the shareholders’
resolutions on 29 January 2018 to rescind the 29 November 2017 EGM
resolutions, and decided that they would exclude Tan and Chong from the
operations of Richinn. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Winding up Affidavit at pp 126 and 127.

It appears to me that the Lims then decided that they would try on their own
to continue with Richinn’s business.

122 In my view, it is clear that that the course of action taken by the Lims
from January 2018 onwards completely destroyed what was left of the working
relationship between them and the plaintiffs, such that it is now
irretrievable. On their own case, the Lims regarded the relationship as one
where, even in early January 2018 after their discovery of Tan’s breaches,
they could still discuss with the plaintiffs the possibility of a friendly
resolution of their business venture in Richinn. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript of 3 March 2020, Page 93, Lines 12 to 18, and Page 90, Lines 18 to
23.

This shows that the Lims did not view Tan’s breaches relating to Novatac as
ones which made it impossible for them to continue their talks with the
plaintiffs. Instead, it is quite clear that it was the overreaching and mostly
unfounded allegations against the plaintiffs in KSCGP’s letter of 8 January
which had created an atmosphere such that it was no longer reasonably possible
for the plaintiffs to engage in any good faith discussions with the Lims about
a buy-out. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

See for instance, [119] and [120] above.

Under cross-examination, Richard admitted that, even if the meeting had gone
ahead in mid-January as originally envisaged, he would not have expected that
there would be any meaningful discussion with the plaintiffs about the buy-
out. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript of 13 March 2020, Page 52, Lines 1 to 4.

The position after the removal of the plaintiffs as executives would have
been, a fortiori, worse.

123 In this regard, the Privy Council’s decision in Vujnovich and another v
Vujnovich [1990] BCLC 227 (“Vujnovich”) is rather instructive. In Vujnovich,
the parties were three brothers who owned companies in approximately equal
shares. For reasons which the Privy Council did not specifically canvass, the
original intention and purpose of the operation of the business as a quasi-
partnership between the three brothers ceased, and a management deadlock
arose. The appellants in that case sought to argue that the respondents were
not coming to Court with “clean hands” in seeking the Court’s exercise of its
just and equitable jurisdiction. At 231 and 232, Lord Oliver observed that:

What counsel for the appellants seeks to do is to extract from this the
reference to coming to court with clean hands as if it stood alone and to
suggest that, since both Henry J and the Court of Appeal were of the view that
the respondent had misconducted himself in relation to the diversion of
business away from the company, that should have concluded the case against
the making of a winding-up order. The same submission was made to the Court of
Appeal who rightly rejected it. It is quite clear that Lord Cross was
considering the position in which the petitioner’s misconduct (and thus the
relative uncleanliness of his hands) was causative of the breakdown in
confidence on which the petition was based. On no analysis of the facts could
that possibly apply here. The transaction concerned did not take place until
1986, long after all confidence between the parties had irretrievably gone,
and it did not come to light until the trial. …

[Emphasis added]

124 On the facts of the instant case, I find that while the working
relationship between the Lims and the plaintiffs was strained by the end of
December 2017 because of the Lims’ stated desire to exit the business and
Tan’s breaches of his duties as a director, the shareholders still were able
to work together and reach shared decisions. In particular, the shareholders
still envisaged meeting for talks to discuss a potential buy-out and orderly
exit for the Lims from the business, and, failing that, a members’ voluntary
winding up of Richinn. There was thus still a capacity for the shareholders to
work together in the interests of the company, or at least discuss the future
of the company together. This came to an end in January 2018 following KSCGP’s
letter of 8 January 2018, the Lims’ threatened removal of Tan and Chong as
directors, and the eventual removal of Tan and Chong from their management
roles. What was causative of the breakdown of the working relationship in
January 2018, therefore, was the action taken by the Lims. As such, I disagree
with the Lims that the plaintiffs are attempting to rely on a self-induced
breakdown of the relationship between the parties.

125 I note that the transactions alleged to give rise to unclean hands in
Vujnovich post-dated the breakdown of mutual trust and confidence between the
parties, whereas the same cannot be said on the instant facts. I do not see
this as detracting from the analysis above, which centres on the Privy
Council’s reasoning that the petitioner’s misconduct (and unclean hands) must
have been causative of the breakdown and loss of confidence. On the facts, it
cannot be said that Tan’s breaches of duty, or indeed any of the wrongs the
plaintiffs are alleged to have committed, were causative of the breakdown in
mutual trust and confidence complained of, even if it was the case that Tan’s
conduct had precipitated the chain of events which led to the dispute.

126 In Lau Shit Har and another v Lau Yu Man [2008] 4 SLR(R) 348 at [32] and
[33], the Court of Appeal emphasised that for an applicant’s unclean hands to
disentitle him from the winding up relief sought, the misconduct leading to
the said unclean hands had to have been causative of the circumstances giving
rise to the Court’s discretion to wind up the company. Citing the Hong Kong
High Court’s decision In the Matter of the Companies Ordinance, Cap 32 and in
the Matter of Power Point Engineering Limited [2000] HKCFI 800; [2000] HKCU
501 (“Power Point Engineering”), the Court of Appeal expressly approved the
following observation of the Hong Kong court at [46] of Power Point
Engineering:

[W]here the relevant misconduct was causative of the circumstances giving rise
to the discretion, prima facie, the absence of clean hands would disentitle
the petitioners to the relief sought.

127 The court in Power Point Engineering observed that the suspension of the
company’s business in that case was solely attributable to the petitioners’
breach of fiduciary duty, in that the petitioners had acted in concert with a
third party to oust the company from projects. The petitioners were thus
solely and directly causative of the circumstances giving rise to winding up,
and therefore their unclean hands, at least prima facie, disentitled them from
the relief sought. This is a far cry from the instant facts, where I have
found that the actions of the Lims in January 2018, starting with the KSCGP
letter of 8 January 2018 and ending with the removal of the plaintiffs from
their executive positions, caused the final breakdown in relations. Further,
even before that, the Lims’ expressed desire in September 2017 to exit from
the business of Richinn can be seen as significantly contributing to the end
of the business relationship between them and the plaintiffs.

128 My view in this regard is buttressed by the view of Judith Prakash J (as
she then was) in Re Lee Tung Co (Pte) Ltd and other matters [2008] 1 SLR(R)
800 (“Re Lee Tung”). That case concerned three brothers who had fallen out.
They were roughly equal shareholders in the family companies. The eldest
brother, Chi, had applied to wind up the family companies. His brothers
resisted the application for winding up on the basis that, inter alia, Chi had
“unclean hands” and that the loss of trust and confidence was self-induced
(see Re Lee Tung at [38]). At [39] and [40], Prakash J observed that:

39 It is clear on the authorities that if Chi was the cause of the deadlock,
then he should not be allowed to obtain a winding-up order. It is only Ching
who blames Chi for the deadlock and he has as many grievances with Chuen as he
does with Chi. Chuen himself accepted Chi’s assertion that ‘no one brother can
be singled out as being the main cause or contributor to the strife and
discord [among the brothers]. Each of [them] must bear part of the blame for
[their] collective predicament’. …

40 … There is enough evidence in this case alone (not to mention the evidence
in the oppression suits) to support a finding that all the brothers have
contributed to the poor state of their relations with each other. In these
circumstances, it would be wrong to deprive Chi of the remedy which he seeks
simply because he was also one of the causes of the current state of affairs.

In my judgment, even if one were to accept that Tan was “also one of the
causes of the current state of affairs”, that does not ipso facto preclude him
from seeking the winding up of Richinn. It certainly does not impinge on
Chong’s ability to do so.

129 I note for completeness that the appeal against Prakash J’s decision in Re
Lee Tung was dismissed, and that the Court of Appeal in fact expressly agreed
with Prakash J at [43] of the judgment for the appeal (reported as Chow Kok
Chuen v Chow Kok Chi and another [2008] 4 SLR(R) 362) that:

Nor is the present case a situation where one director has been responsible
for the others’ loss of confidence in him and thus cannot rely on his own acts
to exit the company at will. … Having played an equal part in contributing to
the acrimony and breakdown in relations, Chuen cannot now insist on his strict
legal rights in refusing to allow his siblings to liquidate their assets.
Here, it would be unfair to let Chuen hold his siblings to ransom by virtue of
his more than 25% shareholding in the Companies.

130 Given the complete breakdown of the relationship between the parties, the
next question is whether it would be unfair to the plaintiffs if a winding
order is not made in respect of Richinn. In my judgment, there would be clear
unfairness and injustice if I were to decline to order that Richinn be wound
up. As already mentioned, the Non-Competition Covenant in the Shareholders’
Agreement prohibits any shareholder from working in any business that is
competitive with Richinn’s. Tan and Chong have been working in the laser
cutting business for most of their working lives. From the evidence, that is
the only business which they know. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Winding up Affidavit from [10] to [15].

They make a living for themselves from the laser cutting business. They do not
own a group of companies, with diversified businesses, like the Lims, who own
the Choon Hin group. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Richard’s AEIC at [7], Robert’s AEIC at [7], Winding up Affidavit at [5].

It would be manifestly unjust to the plaintiffs if they cannot work freely,
without fear that they might be sued by the Lims for beaching the Non-
Competition Covenant, now that the Lims have chosen to exclude both of them
from working and earning a living at Richinn.

131 While it is certainly true that Tan breached his duties to Richinn in his
use of Novatac, that suit against him (Suit 1008) has now been settled. I can
only presume that the terms of the settlement would have compromised the
claims that Richinn had against him in a manner that was acceptable to both
Richinn and Tan. That being the case, I am of the view that limited weight, if
any, should be placed on the potential claims against Tan in my assessment of
whether there would be unfairness to Tan if Richinn were not wound up.

132 In addition, insofar as the Lims are relying on conduct of the plaintiffs
after their removal from the executive positions in Richinn, some of which has
been raised in Suit 1008, I do not think that such conduct disentitles the
plaintiffs from seeking relief. After being excluded from Richinn as a place
where they could work and earn a living, I find that the plaintiffs had little
choice but to seek alternative employment elsewhere. Giving their experience
in laser cutting, it is no surprise that they ended up working in the same
business with BME. Such conduct, by any stretch, cannot be described as being
so inequitable that it would bar the plaintiffs from seeking relief under s
254(1)(i) of the Companies Act.

133 In my judgment, since the Lims and the plaintiffs have now effectively
gone their separate ways, it would be unfair to the plaintiffs if they remain
“locked in” as minority shareholders of Richinn. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

See [0] above.

They currently derive no benefits whatsoever from Richinn, whether in terms of
salaries or dividends. On the contrary, they now carry on their work in laser
cutting under the cloud of potential suits that might be brought at any time
by the Lims for breach of the Non-Competition Covenant in the Shareholders’
Agreement. This continuing risk is primarily due to the fact that the
plaintiffs remain as shareholders of Richinn, a situation from which they are
unable to extricate themselves.

134 Furthermore, Richinn is now quite a different creature from when the
quasi-partnership was first established in 2004. Tan and Chong are no longer
involved in the business of the Richinn. Now, Richinn is being operated by the
Lims and their brother-in-law, Ho. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Richard’s AEIC at [122], [137], and [138].

The Lims have also appointed Ho as an additional director of Richinn. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Richard’s AEIC at Tab 353.

This appointment of Ho as a director was never contemplated when the
plaintiffs and the Lims first set up the laser cutting business for Richinn in
2004, and is contrary to the legitimate expectations of the four shareholders
that it was only them who would be involved in Richinn’s business.

135 My conclusion on the unfairness of the present situation is confirmed by
the evidence given by Robert when he was cross-examined on the commercial
thinking behind the Non-Competition Covenant. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Transcript of 5 March 2020, Page 20, Lines 6 to 11,

He said that it was to ensure that that the shareholders of Richinn focused
their energies entirely on the business of Richinn. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Transcript of 5 March 2020, Page 19, Line 20 to Page 20, Line 5.

But, Robert also added that: 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Transcript of 5 March 2020, Page 20, Lines 6 to 11,

If they really want to start another business, then they should tell us. I
don’t think that it would be any issue. We can still discuss. If we force them
to stay or we try to pull them back, I think it is not good that way. We
should just end this amicably.

In other words, Robert himself took the view that if a day should come where a
shareholder wanted to leave to start a competing business, there should be an
amicable parting of ways, since there is no point in forcing unwilling parties
to work together. In my view, that day has arrived, and parties should not be
forced to remain together as shareholders of Richinn.

136 In these circumstances, I find that the conditions under s 254(1)(i) of
the Companies Act are satisfied, and that it would be just and equitable for
the Court to order the winding up of Richinn.

Conclusion

137 As I have set out above, there is proper basis under ss 254(1)(f)
and254(1)(i) of the Companies Act to order that Richinn be wound up.
Nonetheless, since the Lims have repeatedly expressed the sentiment in their
oral evidence and closing submissions that they now wish to keep Richinn in
existence because it has value, I am prepared to make an order under s 254(2A)
of the Companies Act for the plaintiffs’ shares to be purchased by the Lims,
if they wish to purchase those shares. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

DCS at [237], DRS at [84] and [85]. See also Transcript of 6 March 2020, Page
62, Lines 10 to 24.

Such an order for a buy-out will be on terms that the plaintiffs’ 40% stake in
Richinn be bought out at fair value, without any discount, and for the shares
in the company to be valued as at the date of 19 January 2018, by an
independent valuer agreed by the parties. Choosing that date would be fair
given that that was the intended last date on which an agreement could have
been reached for the sale and purchase of shares between the shareholders
before Richinn would have proceeded to a members’ voluntary winding up. It
would not be fair to order the valuation date to be the date of the
commencement of the trial, as contended by the Lims, or the date of this
judgment or any buy-out order to be made, because the plaintiffs have been
excluded from the management of the Richinn since 29 January 2018.

138 Of course, I will only make an order under s 254(2A) of the Companies Act
if the Lims are interested in buying out the plaintiffs’ shares in Richinn on
the abovementioned terms. In that regard, the Lims will have ten days from the
date of this judgment to let me know their decision by writing to the Court.
If the Lims are not interested in acquiring the plaintiffs’ shares on the
terms as set out above, I will grant an order for the winding up of Richinn.
In that eventuality, I will hear parties as to their nominations for the
choice of the liquidator.

139 I will deal with the question of costs separately.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge

Wong Siew Hong and Sanjay S Kumar (Eldan Law LLP) for the plaintiffs;

Lee Mun Kong Lawrence (Aptus Law Corporation) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

