Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 45

Suit No 362 of 2018

Between

(1)| LOH CHIANG TIEN  
---|---  
(2)| LOH YONG LIM  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| SAMAN DHARMATILLEKE  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Contract] – [Action in debt] – [Breach of contract] – [Frustration]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Loh Chiang Tien and another

  
v

  

Saman Dharmatilleke

[2020] SGHC 45

High Court — Suit No 362 of 2018  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
29, 30 October 2019; 10 February 2020

28 February 2020

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This action arises out of a series of dealings between the plaintiffs and
the defendant between March 2011 and January 2012. The defendant was then a
shareholder of and the sole director of Innovative Nano Systems Pte Ltd
(“INS”). The plaintiffs were then interested in investing in INS.

2 The plaintiffs’ claims in this action can be broadly categorised as falling
under three separate heads:

a) $375,000 (“Share Agreement Claim”) 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at para 12(a).

;

b) $14,000 (“Repayment Claim”) 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at paras 12(c) to 12(f).

;

c) $33,458 (“Exhibition Claim”) 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at paras 12(g) to 12(h).

.

3 Having considered the parties’ submissions, including the written
submissions filed by both parties after the oral submissions on 10 February
2020, and for the reasons which follow, I dismiss the Share Agreement Claim
and the Exhibition Claim but allow the Repayment Claim.

The Share Agreement Claim

4 The Share Agreement Claim arises from an agreement dated 25 March 2011
between the second plaintiff and the defendant (“the Agreement”). The
Agreement was drafted by Mr Tan Wee Tin (“Mr Tan”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at paras 12(g) to 12(h).

Under the Agreement, the second plaintiff agreed to lend $375,000 to the
defendant in exchange for the defendant agreeing to subscribe for and then
transfer to the second plaintiff shares worth $375,000 in INS on or before 24
April 2011. The principal terms of the Agreement are as follows: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at pgs 16 – 17.

This simple agreement is made between [the defendant] of INS and [the second
plaintiff] on the 25th March 2011, whereas both parties mutually agreed to the
following:

(a) [The defendant] wishes to borrow and [the second plaintiff] agrees to make
an interest-free friendly loan of S$375,000 (dollars three hundred and seventy
five thousand) to enable [the defendant] to inject new capital in INS.

…

(c) Within a period of 30 days (thirty days) from the date of this agreement,
[the defendant] agrees to sell and [the second defendant] and/or his nominee
agrees to purchase shares in INS from him equivalent to 10% (ten percent) of
INS’s existing share capital for S$375,000 thereby [the defendant] discharges
the above borrowing.

(d) [The defendant] will agree to pass the relevant director’s resolution to
put into effect the transfer of shares in (c).

5 The second plaintiff duly lent the $375,000 to the defendant by a cheque
dated 11 April 2011 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at para 9.

. However, the defendant failed to transfer 10% of the shares in INS to the
second plaintiff or his nominee before the expiry of the 30-day period in
clause (c) of the Agreement, ie by 24 April 2011. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at para 9A.

6 The defendant convened an emergency general meeting of INS in January 2011
to pass the necessary resolutions approving a rights issue which had the
effect of increasing INS’s shares capital and increasing the shares of INS
held by the defendant. It was out of these shares that the defendant was to
transfer 10% of INS to the second plaintiff under the Agreement

7 In May 2011, two shareholders of INS commenced Originating Summons 404 of
2011 (“OS 404”). The relief which they sought in OS 404 was to cancel the
rights issue and any sale of the rights shares by the defendant. In August
2011, the court hearing OS 404 ordered that the rights issue be cancelled and
that the sale of the rights shares be cancelled (“Order of Court”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

First Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief at pg 33, LCT-9.

8 The defendant failed to transfer 10% of INS to the second plaintiff as he
was obliged to do under the Agreement. The defendant therefore breached the
Agreement.

9 Counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr P Padman (“Mr Padman”) argues that the second
plaintiff is entitled to recover from the defendant the $375,000 paid under
the Agreement on four grounds: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Notes of Evidence, 29 October 2019 at p 55(11) to 55(13).

a) as damages for breach of the Agreement;

b) as a debt;

c) as a sum payable by the defendant under s 2(2) of the Frustrated Contracts
Act (Cap 115, 2014 Rev Ed) (“FCA”) on the basis that the Order of Court in OS
404 frustrated the Agreement;

d) on a restitutionary claim as a sum recoverable upon a total failure of
consideration.

10 At the outset, I deal with a point raised by counsel for the defendant, Mr
RS Wijaya (“Mr Wijaya”). He argues that Share Agreement Claim must fail
because the second plaintiff implicitly waived his right to recover the
$375,000 from the defendant when both plaintiffs elected to make further
advances to the defendant in anticipation of a future joint venture.

11 I reject Mr Wijaya’s argument that the plaintiffs’ further advances to the
defendant give rise to a waiver by election. First, the plaintiffs at no time
faced a choice between two inconsistent contractual rights. Second, even if
they did, the plaintiffs’ actions are insufficiently clear to evince an
intention to elect between two such rights.

12 The Court of Appeal in Audi Construction Pte Ltd v Kian Hiap Construction
Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 317 made clear that a waiver by election requires a party
to a contract making a clear and unequivocal choice between two inconsistent
rights (at [54]):

This doctrine concerns a situation where a party has a choice between two
inconsistent rights. If he elects not to exercise one of those rights, he will
be held to have abandoned that right if he has communicated his election in
clear and unequivocal terms to the other party. He must also be aware of the
facts which have given rise to the existence of the right he is said to have
elected not to exercise. Once the election is made, it is final and binding,
and the party is treated as having waived that right by his election: see The
Kanchenjunga at 397–398, which was approved by this court in Chai Cher Watt v
SDL Technologies Pte Ltd [2012] 1 SLR 152 at [33].

[emphasis added in bold and italics]

13 I do not accept that the second plaintiff was ever faced with two
inconsistent rights. “Right” here means a legal right, ie one carrying a
correlative obligation. In the context of this case, “right” can only mean a
contractual right arising from or out of the Agreement. When the defendant
breached the Agreement, the second plaintiff had the right to enforce the
defendant’s secondary obligations arising from his breach of contract. But the
choice of advancing further sums to the defendant had nothing to do with the
parties’ rights and obligations under the Agreement. The advances took place
entirely outside the contractual context of the Agreement. Making those
advances could in no way be the second plaintiff’s exercise of a contractual
right under the Agreement. That also means that there is no inconsistency
sufficient to ground a waiver by election between pursuing the defendant for
his breach of the Agreement and advancing further sums to the defendant
outside the context of the Agreement.

14 I also accept that the later correspondence between the parties with
respect to the possibility of a joint venture and incorporating a new company
was distinct from matters relating to INS and to the Agreement. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Notes of Evidence, 29 October 2019 at p 74(6) to 74(13).

Indeed, there is evidence that the second plaintiff continued to ask the
defendant to return the moneys owing under the Agreement even during these
unconnected dealings. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Notes of Evidence, 30 October 2019 at pgs 22(29) to 23(11).

15 Further, on the facts before me, there is no evidence that the second
plaintiff ever communicated to the defendant an election to waive his right to
pursue the defendant for his breach of the Agreement. I accept the second
plaintiff’s evidence that the reason for the plaintiffs’ later advances to the
defendant was because they took a calculated risk that those advances would
enhance their prospects of recovering the $375,000. The advances are not an
indication, let alone a clear and unequivocal one, that they waived the right
to recover the $375,000.

16 Ultimately, the defendant’s bare assertions that the plaintiffs “were not
concerned with the sum of $375,000” 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief at para 41.

or that they were “no longer interested in the advance of $375,000.00 since
there was no money left in [INS]” 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defence (Amendment No 2) at para 10f.

are insufficient to engage the doctrine of waiver by election. Indeed, as the
second plaintiff and the defendant both accept that liability under the
Agreement rests with the defendant personally and not with INS – who was not
even a party to the Agreement – the fact that INS had no money would have been
wholly irrelevant to the defendant’s obligations under the Agreement and any
decision the second plaintiff might have made to pursue or to waive those
obligations.

Breach of contract

17 The second plaintiff’s primary basis for the Share Agreement Claim is as
damages for breach of contract. The defendant failed to transfer 10% of INS’s
shares to the second plaintiff by 24 April 2011. The defendant was therefore
in breach of clause (c) of the Agreement. The second plaintiff’s cause of
action for a breach of contract accrued on 24 April 2011. The second plaintiff
commenced this action on 11 April 2018, more than six years after the cause of
action accrued. Mr Wijaya therefore argues that the action is prima facie
time-barred under s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed).

18 Mr Padman argues that the defendant made later payments which constitute
part-payments resulting in a fresh accrual of a cause of action under s 26(2)
of the Limitation Act. This argument is misconceived in so far as it relates
to a claim in damages. Section 26(2) applies only to “a cause of action … to
recover any debt or other liquidated pecuniary claim”. A claim in damages is
not a claim to recover a debt or other liquidated pecuniary claim. Section
26(2) cannot assist the second plaintiff on his claim in damages.

19 The second plaintiff’s claim in damages for a breach of the Agreement is
not only prima facie time barred but is in fact time-barred.

20 At this point, I observe that I find that the second plaintiff has suffered
no recoverable loss by reason of the defendant’s breach of contract. This is
not a reason for dismissing the second plaintiff’s claim. This finding – if
the second plaintiff’s claim in damages were not time-barred – would entitle
the second plaintiff to enter judgment against the defendant but limited to
nominal damages. I make this point because it demonstrates the commercial
pointlessness of the second plaintiff’s claim.

21 Mr Padman submits that the second plaintiff has suffered loss and damage
quantified at $375,000 as a result of the defendant’s breach. I do not accept
that he has.

22 The prima facie measure of damages in contract is as follows: “where a
party sustains a loss by reason of a breach of contract, he is, so far as
money can do it, to be placed in the same situation, with respect to damages,
as if the contract had been performed” (Robinson v Hartman (1848) 1 Exch 850
at 855). Where a promisor’s breach has caused the promisee to lose something
that the promisee would have gained but for the breach, the promisee’s loss is
prima facie the value of the benefit that the promisor failed to deliver or
provide. This is known as the promisee’s expectation loss.

23 In this case, if the defendant had transferred 10% of INS to the second
plaintiff in compliance with the Agreement on or before 24 April 2011, the
Agreement would have become an executed contract. However, soon after, the
Order of Court would have cancelled the shares and the sale to the second
plaintiff entirely. In effect, the position the second plaintiff would be in
if the Agreement had been performed would have been to have his bargained-for
benefit nullified by court order.

24 Moreover, even if the transfer had not been nullified, the INS shares would
also have soon after become worthless. INS went into insolvent liquidation in
February 2013. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Notes of Evidence, 30 October 2019 at p 7(10) to 7(27); First Plaintiff’s
Affidavit of Evidence in Chief at para 11.

The second plaintiff has led no evidence on which I can assess the value of
INS shares on 24 April 2011, the date of the breach, or at any point after
that date until February 2013, by which time it was manifest that the shares
were worthless. If it had been necessary to make a finding on the value of the
INS shares as at 24 April 2011, in the absence of any evidence from the second
plaintiff to the contrary, my finding would be that they were already by then
worthless because of the financial difficulties that INS was facing and the
internal shareholder conflict which afflicted the company. On that basis,
under the expectation loss metric, the second plaintiff would recover nothing
at all.

25 The alternative measure of damages in contract is the promisee’s reliance
loss. A claim for reliance loss allows a promisee to recover from the promisor
the costs and expenses which the promisee incurred in reliance on the
promisor’s performing his obligations under the contract, where such costs and
expenses are then wasted by the promisor’s breach. A promisee cannot, however,
elect reliance loss as the measure of its damages if it has made a bad bargain
(C & P Haulage v Middleton [1983] 1 WLR 1461). The burden is on the promisor
to prove that the bargain was a bad one (Commonwealth Bank of Australia v
Amann Aviation Pty Ltd (1991) 17 CLR 64).

26 As the learned authors of The Law of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang
Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“The Law of Contract in
Singapore”) explain at para 21.052, this limitation on the recovery of
reliance loss is to prevent overcompensating promisees. A promisee who has
made a bad bargain would not have recovered its reliance expenditure in full
even if the promisor had performed its obligations under the contract. When
the contract is breached, to compensate that promisee by an award of its
reliance loss would put the promisee in a position better than it would have
been in had the contract been performed.

27 Undoubtedly, the second plaintiff could frame his claim in damages for
breach of contract as a claim for his reliance loss in the alternative to his
claim for expectation loss. That would be a claim to recover the amount of
money which the second plaintiff paid to the defendant under the Agreement, ie
$375,000. However, as the second plaintiff made a bad bargain, in that he
agreed to lend $375,000 in exchange for what I have found to be worthless
shares on 24 April 2011, the second plaintiff is unable to recover the
$375,000 in damages as reliance loss either.

28 In any event, this analysis is unnecessary for my decision. The claim for
damages arising from the breach of the Agreement remains time-barred as stated
at [19] above.

An action in debt

29 The second plaintiff’s alternative basis for the Share Agreement Claim is a
claim in debt, or a claim for a fixed sum as it is sometimes called. This
claim is also unsustainable.

30 An action in debt is conceptually distinct from an action for damages. They
arise in different circumstances and are subject to different considerations.
Indeed, The Law of Contract in Singapore states at para 23.042:

Where an action for a fixed sum is brought, there is no need to consider
concepts such as remoteness and/or mitigation of damages. Nor, in most cases,
is there a need for quantification or assessment. Those concepts are
irrelevant. Remoteness and mitigation issues are only relevant in claims for
unliquidated damages for breach of a contractual term. This should be obvious
once we appreciate that the action for a fixed sum or debt has nothing to do
with compensation. Such a claim simply allows the innocent party to recover
what was promised to him, and is not a “money-substitute” for it. To use Lord
Diplock’s language of primary and secondary obligations [in Photo Production
Ltd v Securicor Transport Ltd [1980] AC 827], the action for a fixed sum
enforces performance of the primary obligation of payment, as specified by the
contracting parties in their contract; whereas an action for damages enforces
performance of the secondary obligation to pay damages which is imposed by law
when a contractual promise is breached by one of the contracting parties.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

31 In other words, an action for a fixed sum, if it succeeds, compels the
defendant to do exactly what the contract requires. The judicially-imposed
remedy is performance of the promisor’s primary obligation under the contract.

32 But the defendant’s primary obligation under the Agreement was not to repay
a fixed sum of $375,000 to the second plaintiff. There is certainly no express
term in the Agreement to that effect. The only express primary obligation
which the defendant had under the Agreement is set out in clause (c). That
clause requires the defendant to transfer 10% of INS to the second plaintiff.
Indeed, it would have been a clear breach of the Agreement for the defendant
to repay $375,000 to the second plaintiff instead of transferring those
shares. There is also no express obligation in the Agreement obliging the
defendant to return the $375,000 to the second plaintiff if he fails to
transfer the shares pursuant to clause (c). And the second plaintiff does not
suggest that there is any implied obligation that the defendant repay $375,000
to the second plaintiff. There is therefore no contractual basis for the
second plaintiff’s claim in debt.

33 Even if I am wrong to find that the Agreement gives rise to no claim in
debt, I agree with Mr Wijaya’s submission that the second plaintiff’s claim in
debt is prima facie time-barred.

34 Mr Padman responds by arguing that the defendant made later payments which
constitute part-payments of the $375,000 advanced under the Agreement,
resulting in a fresh accrual of a cause of action under s 26(2) of the
Limitation Act. The thrust of Mr Padman’s argument lies in the fact that (a)
the first plaintiff entered into another agreement – in other words, separate
from the Agreement – with the defendant on 25 March 2011 at the behest of the
second plaintiff; (b) the funds paid by both plaintiffs pursuant to both
agreements to the defendant on 25 March 2011 all came from the same source;
and (c) repayments amounting to $40,000 which the defendant later made to the
first plaintiff were not directed at any specific debt which the defendant
owed to either plaintiff. Therefore, Mr Padman argues, all the repayments
should be credited generally to the plaintiffs so as to engage s 26(2) in
connection with the Agreement rather than to a particular debt owed to a
particular the plaintiff.

35 I reject this argument. The defendant’s later payments were made to
discharge other debts arising under separate agreements which the defendant
specifically entered into with the first plaintiff. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Notes of Evidence, 30 October 2019 at p 68(11) to 68(14).

36 The evidence does show that the first plaintiff entered into his separate
agreement with the defendant on 25 March 2011 on the second plaintiff’s
instructions. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Notes of Evidence, 29 October 2019 at p 16(1) to 16(11).

The evidence also shows that the source of both plaintiffs’ payments pursuant
to their respective agreements dated 25 March 2011 was their company, Panweld
Holdings Limited. The fact remains, however, that the parties were careful to
draw clear distinctions between the identities of the contracting parties.

37 For example, the parties structured a separate and specific investment
agreement as between the first plaintiff and INS. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Notes of Evidence, 29 October 2019 at p 26(15) to 26(28).

Under the terms of that agreement, the first plaintiff was to pay $425,000 to
INS in exchange for a 5% equity interest in INS’s enlarged share capital.
After the Order of Court cancelled the rights shares, it was INS who made a
repayment of $414,375 towards discharging that liability, and it did so to the
first plaintiff and not to the second plaintiff. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

First Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief at para 26.

The first plaintiff’s own repeated assertion that there was a distinction
drawn between the two agreements entered into on 25 March 2011 also supports
this finding. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Notes of Evidence, 29 October 2019 at p 24(20) to 24(27).

38 The defendant’s repayments amounting to $40,000 were also specifically made
to the first plaintiff pursuant to loans made by the first defendant. None of
the repayments were directed at the loan made by the second plaintiff.

39 Thus, the second plaintiff’s claim in debt is not only prima facie time
barred but is in fact time-barred.

Frustration

40 The second plaintiff’s further alternative basis for the Share Agreement
Claim is a claim under s 2(2) of the FCA. That section provides that when a
contract has been frustrated, that “all sums paid or payable to any party in
pursuance of the contract before the time when the parties were so discharged
shall, in the case of sums so paid, be recoverable from him as money received
by him for the use of the party by whom the sums were paid”. Mr Padman submits
that the Order of Court was a supervening event which rendered the Agreement
impossible to be performed, thereby engaging the doctrine of frustration and s
2(2) of the FCA.

41 The law on frustration is well-established. The Singapore Court of Appeal
in RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd and another appeal [2007] 4
SLR(R) 413 (“RDC”) cited the House of Lords’ decision in Davis Contractors Ltd
v Fareham Urban District Council [1956] AC 969 with approval, emphasising that
the doctrine of frustration may be invoked only if the alleged frustrating
event is an external one, beyond the control of both contracting parties (at
[59]):

Frustration occurs whenever the law recognises that without the default of
either party, a contractual obligation has become incapable of being performed
because the circumstances in which performance is called for would render it a
thing radically different from that which was undertaken by the contract.

[emphasis in original in italics]

42 I reject Mr Padman’s submission that the Order of Court frustrated the
Agreement. I say that for a number of reasons.

43 First and most important is the fact that the Agreement was incapable of
performance even before the alleged frustrating event, ie the Order of Court,
occurred. As mentioned at [0] above, the Agreement obliged the defendant to
transfer 10% of INS to the second plaintiff as his primary obligation under
the Agreement within 30 days of the Agreement being signed, ie on or before 24
April 2011. The defendant failed to transfer the shares on or before 24 April
2011. That was a clear breach of the Agreement.

44 Further, this breach rendered it impossible for the defendant ever to
perform his obligations under the Agreement. The defendant’s breach was a
breach of a contractual time limit. Once that contractual time limit expired
without the defendant having performed, the defendant could thereafter never
perform within that contractually stipulated time limit. The defendant’s
performance of the Agreement was impossible from 25 April 2011 onwards, given
the time-delimited nature of the defendant’s obligation and as a result of his
own breach. No doubt the defendant could attempt to transfer shares on or
after 25 April 2011. That is the point that Mr Padman makes in his further
submissions dated 14 February 2020. But that would not have been contractual
performance under the Agreement. Even Mr Padman acknowledges that that would
be “late performance”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiffs’ Supplemental Submissions, 14 February 2020, at para 5.

The second plaintiff would have been contractually entitled to reject any such
attempt, even if time is not of the essence under the contract.

45 The result is that, on and after 25 April 2011, the defendant could
transfer the shares to the second plaintiff not by way of contractual
performance under the Agreement but only with the second plaintiff’s consent,
whether secured: (i) as a matter of goodwill; (ii) pursuant to a contractual
variation of the Agreement; or (iii) pursuant to an entirely new contract.

46 Understood properly, on these facts, the Order of Court did not make it
impossible for the defendant to perform the Agreement. The contract became
impossible to perform because of the defendant’s own failure to perform his
time-delimited primary obligation under the Agreement before the time expired.

47 Arguing that a supervening event has frustrated a contract carries with it
an implicit argument that the supervening event was causative or has causal
relevance to performance being impossible. As Hobhouse J in J Lauritzen AS v
Wijsmuller BV (The Super Servant Two) [1989] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 148 notes at 155:
“if the impossibility only comes about because the promisor makes some choice
or election, then it is that choice or election which causes the alleged
impossibility, not any antecedent event”. Although the language Hobhouse J
employed here is one of “choice or election”, the underlying principle is
broader than that and may be understood as encompassing any action of the
promisor which causes the impossibility.

48 The key point remains that if one party’s action has in fact made it
impossible for the contract to be performed before a particular event occurs,
there is no longer room to characterise that particular event as having
frustrated the contract. To put it briefly: it is not possible for an event to
frustrate a contract if it had already become impossible for the contract to
be performed before the event takes place.

49 On the facts of our case, it is the defendant’s breach of the Agreement in
failing to transfer 10% of INS to the second plaintiff on or before 24 April
2011 rather than the Order of Court which made it impossible for the defendant
to perform his obligation under the Agreement.

50 The alternative basis for my holding that the Order of Court did not
frustrate the Agreement is because the Order of Court was an event which was
foreseeable when the parties entered into the Agreement. For one, the
defendant gave evidence that INS had been facing severe liquidity problems as
early as late 2010. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Notes of Evidence, 30 October 2019 at p 7(10) to 7(11).

These problems led to the defendant calling an EGM on 7 January 2011 where a
resolution was passed for a rights issue of 55,555,600 new shares in order to
raise additional capital. The rights issue intensified the pre-existing
grievances and disputes which the other shareholders of INS had with the
defendant. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Notes of Evidence, 29 October 2019 at p 68(5) to 68(13).

51 This was a fact known to the second plaintiff before the parties entered
into the Agreement. The second plaintiff viewed Mr Tan as being integral in
engineering a plan alongside the defendant to help the defendant increase his
shareholding in INS through a rights issue. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Second Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief at para 20.

This would also have been undoubtedly clear to the defendant, who was one of
the two largest shareholders of INS, a director and managing director of INS
and its Chief Technology Officer in March 2011. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Notes of Evidence, 30 October 2019 at p 7(14) to 7(32).

The risk of shareholder unhappiness resulting from the dilution of the
dissenting shareholders’ shares must have been apparent to the defendant. The
looming possibility of litigation to challenge or nullify the resolutions
passed at the EGM was foreseeable by the parties on 25 March 2011. Indeed –
although it is not necessary for this part of my analysis to make a finding
which goes this far – this scheme seems to have been devised in order to
entrench the defendant’s control of INS and to marginalise the other
shareholders. No doubt, that is why OS 404 succeeded. Certainly, it was at the
very least foreseeable for the second plaintiff as well as the defendant on 25
March 2011 that a shareholders’ dispute would arise to challenge the rights
issue, resulting in OS 404 being filed in May 2011 and the Order of Court
being made in August 2011. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Tan Wee Tin’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief at para 18.

52 Moreover, the events leading up to the Order of Court were within the
reasonable control of the defendant in so far as OS 404 was concerned. The
first defendant in OS 404 was the defendant himself. The second defendant in
OS 404, was INS. INS was controlled and managed by the defendant at that time.
The defendant therefore played a crucial part in the events which led up to OS
404, in defending OS 404 and in the events which resulted in the Order of
Court. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Notes of Evidence, 30 October 2019 at pgs 26(7) to 27(31).

I therefore do not consider that OS 404 and the Order of Court which resulted
from it was a supervening event outside the control of the defendant.

53 The purpose of the law of frustration is to release contracting parties
from a contractual bargain that has been rendered radically different from
that which the parties agreed to when they made their bargain. This suggests
strongly that the supervening event must be outside both the contemplation and
control of the parties. The Order of Court was neither.

54 In light of this, the claim based on frustration fails. The Agreement was
not frustrated. The second plaintiff cannot recover the $375,000 under s 2(2)
of the FCA.

Total failure of consideration

55 The second plaintiff’s further alternative basis for the Share Agreement
Claim is a restitutionary claim for money paid on a total failure of
consideration. This claim too fails.

56 One of the requirements for establishing a total failure of consideration –
or a total failure of basis as it is sometimes also called – is that the
contract has ceased to be operative (Guinness plc v Saunders [1990] 2 AC 663
at 697). The reason for this, as stated by Professor Graham Virgo in The
Principles of the Law of Restitution (Oxford University Press, Third Edition),
is to provide a “safeguard against the abuse of the law of restitution by
undermining the law of contract” (at 314). The law of restitution has no place
in re-allocating risks which have been allocated by the parties’ agreement
under a contract which remains operative. As Lord Goff of Chieveley succinctly
put it in Pan Ocean Shipping Co Ltd v Creditcorp Ltd [1994] 1 WLR 161 (at 164)
in the context of an operative clause in the contract:

As between shipowner and charterer, there is a contractual regime which
legislates for the recovery of overpaid hire. It follows that, as a general
rule, the law of restitution has no part to play in the matter; the existence
of the agreed regime renders the imposition by the law of a remedy in
restitution both unnecessary and inappropriate.

[emphasis added in bold and italics]

57 For this alternative basis, Mr Padman relies on the same facts that ground
his claim under the FCA. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiffs’ Supplemental Submissions, 14 February 2020, at para 10.

In other words, the sole ground on which Mr Padman relies on to argue that the
Agreement has been brought to an end so as to enable the second plaintiff’s
restitutionary claim to succeed is that the Order of Court terminated the
Agreement by frustration. However, I have already rejected that argument at
[54] above. Mr Padman puts forward no alternative basis to wipe away the
contract so as to permit recovery on a total failure of consideration. The
restitutionary claim must therefore fail.

58 Moreover, it cannot even be said that the defendants’ breach of clause (c)
of the Agreement has brought the Agreement to an end. A breach of contract
brings a contract to an end if and only if:

(a) “the consequences of the breach are such as to deprive the innocent party
of substantially the whole benefit that it was intended that the innocent
party should obtain from the contract” (RDC at [107]); and

(b) the aggrieved party accepts the repudiatory breach by “communication or
conduct [which] clearly and unequivocally conveys to the repudiating party
that the aggrieved party is treating the contract as at an end” (Vitol SA v
Norelf Ltd [1996] AC 800 at 810).

59 The defendant’s failure to transfer the INS shares at all is undoubtedly a
repudiatory breach of contract. The failure deprived the second plaintiff of
substantially the whole of the benefit that the parties intended he should to
obtain from the Agreement. But Mr Padman concedes that the second plaintiff
has never accepted the defendant’s repudiatory breach of contract. The
contract therefore continues in existence, never having been terminated in any
way.

60 The position therefore is that the Agreement remains operative. It is the
Agreement and the law of contract which governs the allocation of risks
between the second plaintiff and the defendant. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Oral Closing Submissions on 10 February 2020.

The second plaintiff’s claim restitution of the $375,000 as money paid upon a
failure of basis fails.

The Repayment Claim

61 The Repayment Claim arises from four loans which the plaintiffs allege they
made to the defendant. These loans comprise $10,000 lent by the first
plaintiff and $44,000 lent by the second plaintiff. These loans are evidenced
by four handwritten letters signed and dated by the defendant in which he
expressly acknowledges these advances as loans: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defence (Amendment No 2) at para 13.

a) $10,000 loan made by the second plaintiff to the defendant, dated 31 August
2011;

b) $8,000 loan made by the first plaintiff to the defendant, dated 3 January
2012;

c) $32,000 loan made by the first plaintiff to the defendant, dated 4 January
2012;

d) $4,000 loan made by the first plaintiff to the defendant, dated 19 January
2012.

62 The defendant readily admits that the documents all bear his signature and
accepts the authenticity and validity of these acknowledgments. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Notes of Evidence, 30 October 2019 at p 64(6) to 64(10).

He also admits that he received these sums from the plaintiffs 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defence (Amendment No 2) at para 13.

but denies that he received them as loans. He says instead that these were ex
gratia payments for due diligence work in a proposed joint venture between the
plaintiffs and himself. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief at para 43.

63 I am satisfied that these advances were in fact loans from the plaintiffs
to the defendant. I do not accept the defendant’s assertion that these were
not loans but ex gratia payments. This is plainly contradicted by the
documents signed by the defendant acknowledging them to be loans. For example,
the letter of acknowledgment dated 31 August 2011 provides that “I, Saman
Dharmatilleke, received S$10,000.00 (ten thousand) as a loan from Mr Loh Yong
Lim”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 at pg 136.

The defendant conceded at trial that he understood the legal obligation of
repayment arising out of a loan and that he was not forced to sign the letters
of acknowledgment. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Notes of Evidence, 30 October 2019 at p 61(1) to 61(12).

His attempt now to disclaim what he signed simply fails.

64 Moreover, the defendant specifically told the plaintiffs that the
repayments which he made were made towards the advances evidenced by the
acknowledgment letters. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Notes of Evidence, 30 October 2019 at p 68(11) to 68(14).

That suggests that he did in fact believe that he was obliged to repay these
advances as loans from the plaintiffs, as he acknowledged expressly in the
letters of acknowledgment. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Notes of Evidence, 30 October 2019 at p 75(15) to 75(16).

65 The defendant made three part-payments totalling $40,000 of the loans
extended by the first plaintiff. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

First Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief at paras 69, 70 and 75;
Defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief at para 51.

The outstanding balance on the first plaintiff’s loan is therefore $4,000. The
defendant has made no part-payments of the loans extended by the second
plaintiff. The defendant therefore still owes $10,000 to the second plaintiff.

66 The plaintiffs are entitled to judgments for these sums respectively.

The Exhibition Claim

67 The Exhibition Claim relates to two primary advances amounting to just
under $29,469 and $3,990. The plaintiffs allege these advances are loans which
they made to the defendant in January 2012 to cover expenses which he and his
associates incurred in attending the Consumer Electronics Show in San
Francisco and the Mac World Exhibition in Las Vegas. Mr Padman submits that
these expenses were in fact loans by the plaintiffs to the defendant for the
defendant’s benefit.

68 The defendant’s position is that these advances were not loans and were
actually part of the plaintiffs’ due diligence expenses. This is because the
defendant was already familiar with the market and potential buyers and that
it was the plaintiffs who wanted the defendant to attend the Consumer
Electronics and Mac World exhibitions in Las Vegas. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief at para 56.

69 I do not accept that these advances were loans to the defendant. It is
clear from the degree of formality in the dealings between the plaintiffs and
the defendant on the 25 March 2011 agreements and in connection with advances
underlying the Repayment Claim that the parties quite conscientiously ensured
that their legal obligations were reduced into writing and signed by the
parties. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Notes of Evidence, 30 October 2019 at p 62(1) to 62(6).

70 They adopted this degree of formality presumably and undoubtedly to ensure
that there was documentary evidence of what had been agreed in the event of
any later dispute. In particular, I bear in mind that the plaintiffs required
the defendant to sign the four acknowledgments specifically to avoid the type
of argument which the defendant is now raising in respect of this final head
of claim. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Notes of Evidence, 29 October 2019 at pgs 48(15) to 50(7).

71 If the parties agreed that these two advances amounting to $29,469 and
$3,990 were loans, I would have expected the plaintiffs to have recorded that
in letters of acknowledgment and to have required the defendant to sign them.
After all, this was the course they followed with respect to the Repayment
Claim. The inference I draw that these advances were not loans is especially
strong because these advances were made at or around the same time as the
advances underlying the Repayment Claim ie, in January 2012, but were treated
so differently.

72 The burden of proof in this action rests on the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs
have not adduced any evidence to explain satisfactorily why, if these advances
were in fact loans, the plaintiffs treated them so differently from the
advances underlying the Repayment Claim.

73 As the first plaintiff himself concedes, there are no similar letters of
acknowledgment from the defendant regarding these advances. And there is
similarly no document, letter or correspondence showing that these advances
were in fact loans to the defendant from the plaintiffs. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Notes of Evidence, 29 October 2019 at p 36(1) to (5).

74 I therefore find that the plaintiffs have failed to discharge their burden
of proof of demonstrating that the Exhibition Claim was in fact a loan made by
the plaintiffs and accepted by the defendant as such. The Exhibition claim
therefore fails.

Conclusion

75 For the reasons stated above, I allow the plaintiff’s Repayment Claim but
dismiss the Share Agreement Claim and the Exhibition Claim.

76 I will now hear the parties on costs.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

  
P Padman and Lim Yun Heng (KSCGP Juris LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
Ravana Sivanathan Wijaya (R S Wijaya & Co) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

