Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 122

Originating Summons No 1323 of 2019

Between

| Sulzer Pumps Spain, SA  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Hyflux Membrane Manufacturing (S) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Deutsche Bank AG  
  
… Respondents

judgment

[Credit and Security] — [Performance bond] — [Unconscionability]

[Injunctions] — [Discharge] — [Full and frank disclosure]

[Injunctions] — [Jurisdiction to award]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sulzer Pumps Spain, SA

  
v

  

Hyflux Membrane Manufacturing (S) Pte Ltd and another

[2020] SGHC 122

High Court — Originating Summons No 1323 of 2019  
Aedit Abdullah J  
23 October 2019, 27 February 2020

17 June 2020 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction:

1 This is an application to discharge an ex parte injunction obtained by the
applicant, Sulzer Pumps Spain, S.A. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

First Respondent’s written submissions dated 30 January 2020 (“RS”) at para 3

The injunction restrained the first respondent, Hyflux Membrane Manufacturing
(S) Pte Ltd, from calling on a bond made by the second respondent, Deutsche
Bank AG, in favour of the first respondent. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Applicant’s written submissions dated 30 January 2020 (“AS”) at para 1

The bond was meant to be a guarantee to ensure that the applicant fulfilled
its contractual obligations to the first respondent. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AS at para 13

The second respondent did not participate in these proceedings.

2 Having heard the parties at the inter partes hearing, I am persuaded that
the injunction should be discharged.

Background

3 The first respondent was the sub-contractor for its related company,
Hydrochem Pte Ltd, for a project concerning the design and construction of a
desalination plant in Oman (the “project”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

RS at paras 5 to 6

The owner of the project is a company owned by the Oman government (the
“project owner”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

RS at para 5

The first respondent in turn engaged the applicant as its sub-contractor,
through two purchase orders in 2015, which incorporated a term sheet, a
document entitled “Section 2 - General Terms and Conditions” (the “General
Terms and Conditions”), and some exhibits (collectively the “contract”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

RS at para 7; Daniel Spaeti’s Affidavit dated 22 October 2019 (“Spaeti’s
Affidavit”) at Tab 3

Pursuant to the contract, the applicant was to supply and install pumps for
the first respondent. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

RS at para 8; AS at para 9

4 Clause 10 of the General Terms and Conditions is titled “Warranty” and sets
out the warranty obligations of the applicant. Under cl 10.6 of the General
Terms and Conditions, the applicant was to provide an unconditional first
demand bank guarantee to the first respondent as security for its warranty
obligations owed to the first respondent. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Spaeti’s Affidavit at p 35

In September 2017, the applicant obtained the guarantee from the second
respondent in favour of the first respondent, and delivered the guarantee to
the first respondent. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

RS at para 10

The guarantee took the form of an unconditional first demand bond. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Spaeti’s Affidavit at p 123 at para 2

5 The applicant manufactured the pumps, delivered them to the first
respondent, and installed them under the first respondent’s supervision. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AS at para 16; RS at para 14

However, the first respondent soon encountered difficulties with the pumps,
which repeatedly failed between November 2017 and May 2019. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

RS at para 15

The first respondent alleges that the recurring failure of the pumps was
caused by design flaws which were only rectified by the applicant in May 2019,
and that the applicant was hence in breach of its warranty obligations. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

RS at paras 16 to 17

In contrast, the applicant denies the existence of such design flaws,
contending instead that the failures were caused by the first respondent’s use
of the pumps outside of the recommended and permitted flow and speed range. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AS at paras 26 to 27

6 In October 2019, the first respondent called on the bond. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AS at para 36

The applicant tried to negotiate with the first respondent by suggesting that
the first respondent withdraw its call on the bond in exchange for an
extension of the same. However, the first respondent did not respond
favourably to this proposal. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AS at paras 37-38; RS at paras 22 to 23

The applicant thus made an ex parte application for an injunction to prevent
the first respondent calling on the bond. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AS at paras 37 to 38

The ex parte injunction application

7 I heard the applicant’s ex parte application for an injunction on 23 October
2019. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Certified Minutes dated 23 October 2019 (“Certified Minutes”)

The applicant argued that the injunction was urgent and hence although they
had already informed the first respondent of the application, notice had not
been given. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Certified Minutes at p 1, lines 37 to 38

It was argued that the injunction was urgent as the first respondent had
already made the call on the bond and there was an impending payout. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Certified Minutes at pp 1 and 2

Further, the first respondent is part of the Hyflux group of companies which
is presently involved in restructuring proceedings before me, and it was
feared that any payment made would be irretrievable due to Hyflux’s financial
difficulties. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Oral argument on 23 October 2019

Due to the circumstances, I granted the injunction; it was to be in force only
until the next hearing and/or until another order of court was made. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Order of Court dated 23 October 2019

This was in the expectation that an inter partes hearing would be held fairly
soon after.

8 However, parties did not come back before me until several months later. A
part of the lapse of time was presumably caused by the first respondent’s
change in solicitors. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Notice of change of solicitors dated 31 January 2020

It is unclear if the delay might have been caused by issues arising out of
Hyflux’s restructuring.

The first respondent’s arguments to discharge the injunction

9 The first respondent raises some jurisdictional and preliminary arguments
against the injunction.

10 First, an injunction cannot be free standing but there must be an
underlying cause of action; here, the applicant’s originating summons
contained no underlying cause of action. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

First respondent’s supplementary submissions dated 25 February 2020 (“RSS”) at
paras 5 and 6

11 Second, the applicant breached its duty to make full and frank disclosure
of all material facts to the court at the ex parte hearing (Tay Long Kee Impex
Pte Ltd v Tan Beng Huwah (trading as Sin Kwang Wah) [2000] 1 SLR(R) 786
(“Impex”) at [21] and [24]). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

RS at para 113

Suppression of such information should lead to discharge of the injunction
(Impex at [35]). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

RSS at para 9

Furthermore, the applicant had suppressed the fact that the dispute between
the parties was subject to an arbitration agreement. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

RSS at paras 7 to 13

This was material as the court would then have had to consider the
requirements under s 12A of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002
Rev Ed) (“IAA”) in deciding whether to grant the injunction.

12 In addition, the applicant had blatantly misrepresented a number of
material facts, including: that the applicant knew the basis of the first
respondent’s calling on the bond; that the first respondent failed to
challenge the applicant’s technical findings for the malfunctioning of the
pumps; that the first respondent’s emails did not explain why the pump
failures were due to the applicant’s fault; and that the first respondent had
accepted that the pump failures were not covered by the applicant’s warranty
obligations. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

RS at para 119

The first respondent argues that all of these allegations were untrue.

13 Third, under s 12A of the IAA, the court may grant an interim injunction if
it is for the purpose of or in relation to an arbitration. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

RSS at para 14; IAA s 12A(2)

However, there was no arbitration commenced at the time the ex parte
injunction was sought, and no arbitration had been commenced even at the time
of the inter partes hearing, four months after the ex parte hearing. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

RSS at para 14

14 Fourth, the applicant did not come to court with clean hands as it
commenced the proceedings in repudiatory breach of the arbitration agreement.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

RSS at para 15

15 Fifth, no notice of the ex parte hearing was given to the first respondent,
contrary to para 41(2) of the Supreme Court Practice Directions. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

RS at para 120

This was not a case of extreme urgency such that no notice was required; there
was thus no reason for the applicant not to have given notice to the
respondents. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

RSS at paras 16 to 17

16 Based on the above, the first respondent argues that the injunction should
be discharged even before dealing with the substantive merits of the
injunction. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

RSS at para 18

17 Further or alternatively, the first respondent argues that the injunction
should also be discharged for substantive reasons. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

RS at para 3

The first respondent argues that it is undisputed that the bond is an
unconditional first demand bond. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

RS at para 32

Such bond has to be paid on demand by the obligor to the beneficiary, even
without proof of default. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

RS at para 25

The courts should be slow to interfere with contractual arrangements freely
entered into by the parties (Eltraco International Pte Ltd v CGH Development
Pte Ltd [2000] 3 SLR(R) 198 (“Eltraco”) at [30]; BS Mount Sophia Pte Ltd v
Join-Aim Pte Ltd [2012] 3 SLR 352 (“Mount Sophia”) at [25]). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

RS at paras 28 to 31

While unconscionability is a ground to seek an injunction to prevent the
calling on an unconditional first demand bond, the applicant must show a
strong prima facie case of unconscionability and the entire context of the
case must be particularly malodorous (Mount Sophia at [20], [21] and [40]). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

RS at paras 38 to 40

Calling on the bond where there is a genuine dispute between the parties does
not meet the unconscionability threshold (Eltraco at [32]; Mount Sophia at
[52]). 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

RS at paras 45 to 48

18 On the facts, there was no unconscionability. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

RS at p 22

The correspondence and other documentary evidence showed that the first
respondent genuinely and consistently believed that the applicant had breached
its warranty obligations; 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

RS at pp 22 to 42

the first respondent had consistently maintained that the pump failures were
due to design flaws caused by the applicant. There was no evidence of mala
fide or reprehensible conduct. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

RS at para 88

At best, the applicant is only able to show that there is a genuine dispute
between the parties. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

RS at pp 42 to 52

The applicant’s arguments to maintain the injunction

19 The applicant accepted that it is settled law that the courts would only
intervene to prevent a beneficiary from calling on a performance guarantee if
it could be shown that the call was either fraudulent or unconscionable
(Bintai Kindenko Pte Ltd v Samsung C&T Corp and another [2019] 2 SLR 295
(“Bintai”) at [1]). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AS at para 39

However, it argued that a less stringent standard should be adopted for
determining when a call on a performance bond can be restrained, as compared
to a letter of credit; this is because a letter of credit is fulfilment of the
obligor’s primary obligation under the contract, whereas the performance bond
is only security for the secondary obligation of the obligor to pay damages if
it breaches its primary obligations (JBE Properties Pte Ltd v Gammon Pte Ltd
[2011] 2 SLR 47 (“JBE”) at [10]). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AS at para 48

20 Under the unconscionability exception, an injunction should be granted if
it would be unfair for the beneficiary to realise his security pending the
resolution of the substantive dispute (Arab Banking Corp (B.S.C.) v Boustead
Singapore Ltd [2016] 3 SLR 557 (“Arab Banking”) at [104]). The
unconscionability exception thus protects the obligor from the beneficiary
taking the secured sum when there has not been a final determination as to
whether he is entitled to that sum (Arab Banking at [104]), and prevents the
performance guarantee from being used as an instrument of oppression (Mount
Sophia at [27]). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AS at paras 41 to 45

The court should consider all the circumstances of the case in making this
determination. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AS at paras 49 to 50

21 On the facts, the first respondent’s tenuous financial predicament meant
that the applicant would have little recourse against the first respondent
even if it ultimately succeeded at trial on the issue, and this was
prejudicial to the applicant. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AS at para 82

Furthermore, the first respondent’s call on the bond was unconscionable as
there has been no breach of the applicant’s warranty obligations under cl 10
of the General Terms and Conditions: the contract did not require the
applicant to design the pumps for a “slow ramp-up”; the first respondent had
notice that they were not so designed and had accepted and approved of this;
and the primary and underlying root cause of the pump failures was the
operation of the pumps outside the permitted speed and flow ranges. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AS at paras 51 to 52

In any case, all issues concerning the pumps were resolved in compliance with
and beyond what was required by the warranties. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AS at para 52

The first respondent had made the call in bad faith to reduce its overall cash
outlay towards the project and/or to improve its profitability. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AS at para 52

The decision

22 Having considered the arguments and evidence, I am satisfied that the
applicant fails to show a strong prima case of unconscionability and the
injunction should therefore be set aside. Alternatively, it can be set aside
due to the applicant’s failure to give full and frank disclosure at the ex
parte hearing.

Issues

23 This judgment considers the following issues in turn:

(a) In relation to the substantive issue of unconscionability:

(i) The nature of the bond in the present case;

(ii) The law on injunctions restraining the call on a demand bond; and

(iii) Whether unconscionability is made out such that the injunction can be
maintained.

(b) In relation to the procedural and jurisdictional issues (see [9] to [16]
above):

(i) Whether the injunction should be discharged for lack of an underlying
claim;

(ii) Whether the injunction should be discharged for lack of full and frank
disclosure at the ex parte hearing;

(iii) Whether the injunction can be maintained despite the arbitration
agreement;

(iv) Whether the injunction should be discharged for the applicant’s lack of
clean hands; and

(v) Whether the injunction should be discharged due to the applicant’s failure
to give the first respondent notice of the ex parte hearing.

Substantive issues

The nature of the present bond

24 The validity and terms of the bond are not disputed by the parties. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

RS at para 10; AS at para 1; Spaeti’s Affidavit at pp 123 to 124

The bond is clearly an unconditional first demand bond, as shown by cl 2 of
the bond: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Spaeti’s Affidavit at p 123

[Deutsche Bank AG] undertake[s] irrevocably and unconditionally to pay to [the
first respondent] the sum demanded by [the first respondent]… on [the first
respondent’s] first written demand… without any reference to [the applicant]
and notwithstanding any dispute which may have arisen in connection with the
Contract and notwithstanding any defence which [the applicant] may have, or
any request from [the applicant] to us not to pay the same.

25 An unconditional first demand bond, such as the present one set out above,
is required by cl 10.6 of the General Terms and Conditions of the contract
between the first respondent and the applicant, which provides that “the
[applicant] shall deliver to the [first respondent] a warranty bond… in the
form of an unconditional first demand bank guarantee…”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Spaeti’s Affidavit at p 35

26 The terms “demand bond”, “bank guarantee” and “performance guarantee” are
almost used synonymously in practice. The bond here was described as an
unconditional first demand bank guarantee. A valid call on such bond is not
premised on any breach of contract, and payment would normally follow from a
call. However, payment on the bond would trigger repayment by the account
party to the bank or financial institution giving the bond, and the account
party would want to stop payment if it felt it had grounds to do so.

The law on injunctions against calls on bonds

27 The general approach to the granting of injunctions to prevent a call has
been comprehensively expounded on in several Court of Appeal cases. There are
competing policy considerations in determining whether to grant an injunction:
on one hand, there is a need to protect the beneficiary’s right to call on the
bond to protect its liquidity; on the other hand, calls made in bad faith
would result in the beneficiary receiving something he was not entitled to and
damage the liquidity of the obligor, making the bond susceptible to usage as
an instrument of oppression (Mount Sophia ([17] supra) at [26] to [31]).

28 In general, the court should be slow to disrupt the status quo by granting
an injunction as parties should abide by the contractual bargain that they
have struck (Mount Sophia at [25]). The provision of the bond by the obligor
as security may have had influenced the terms of the contract and the court
should be slow to upset this allocation of risk which the parties themselves
have undertaken (Mount Sophia at [25]).

29 Importantly, the court does not determine whether to grant an injunction
based on the merits of the case (Mount Sophia at [45]). However, an injunction
may be granted on grounds of fraud or unconscionability (Mount Sophia at
[18]); only the latter is relied on by the applicant in the present case.

Unconscionability

30 The reason that the courts have allowed the exception of unconscionability
apart from the fraud exception is to cater for situations where the conduct of
the beneficiary was sufficiently reprehensible to justify an injunction, but
where the conduct did not amount to fraud (Mount Sophia at [23]).

31 The Court of Appeal in Mount Sophia at [20] noted that there is a high
threshold for establishing unconscionability, and the applicant bears a burden
of proof of showing a strong prima facie case of unconscionability. When
determining if a strong prima facie case has been made out, the entire context
of the case must be thoroughly considered, and it is only if the entire
context of the case is particularly malodorous that such an injunction should
be granted; the courts’ discretion to grant such injunctions must be sparingly
exercised and it should not be an easy thing for an applicant to establish a
strong prima facie case (Mount Sophia at [21]). This high threshold strikes
the right balance between the competing policy interests highlighted at [27]
above, and prevents unnecessary interference with the parties’ contractual
arrangements (Mount Sophia at [39]).

32 The Court of Appeal found that it was impossible to define
unconscionability but gave some broad indications as to when conduct would be
found to be unconscionable (Mount Sophia at [44]). According to the Court of
Appeal, unconscionability involves conduct of a kind so reprehensible or
lacking in good faith that a court of conscience would restrain the party
(Raymond Construction Pte Ltd v Low Yang Tong and Another [1996] SGHC 136 at
[5], cited in Mount Sophia at [42]). Unconscionability also refers to conduct
so lacking in bona fides that an injunction is warranted (Mount Sophia at
[45]). While these formulations of unconscionability are not identical, they
are of the same theme. For the purposes of this judgment, unconscionable
conduct will be broadly described as conduct lacking bona fides, but this is
meant to cover the various formulations of unconscionability.

33 Guidance can also be drawn from CEX v CEY and another [2020] SGHC 100,
which has helpfully undertaken a survey of the cases where a bond has been
restrained on grounds of unconscionability, and found that unconscionability
has manifested in the following non-exhaustive forms (at [11], [22] to [40]):

(a) calls for excessive sums;

(b) calls based on contractual breaches that the beneficiary of the call
itself is responsible for;

(c) calls tainted by unclean hands, eg, supported by inflated estimates of
damages or mounted on the back of selective and incomplete disclosures;

(d) calls made for ulterior motives; and

(e) calls based on a position which is inconsistent with the stance that the
beneficiary took prior to calling on the performance bond.

34 In addition, the following cases illustrate certain factual matrices where
the court had found that the beneficiary’s conduct was unconscionable:

(a) In Mount Sophia, the Court of Appeal found that the entire chronology of
events seen as a whole showed that there was unconscionability (at [54]):
prior to the call there had been no complaint or allegation by the beneficiary
to the obligor about any delay which could have had justified the calling on
the bond (at [7], [48]); the beneficiary was silent in response to an email by
the obligor proposing a revised date of completion, which seemed to constitute
acquiescence to the conditions, or at the very least had misled the obligor
that this was the case (at [49]); there was a serious question whether the
obligor was in breach of its obligations even on a prima facie basis (at
[51]); the evidence showed that the beneficiary did not genuinely believe that
the obligor was in breach (at [52]); and there was a threat made by the
beneficiary to the obligor, through the architect for the project, to call on
the bond if the validity of the bond was not extended (at [53]).

(b) In JBE ([19] supra), the evidence showed that that the beneficiary had
grossly exaggerated the costs of rectification which he had suffered as a
result of the obligor’s breach (at [29]). This was fatal to the beneficiary’s
claim as the bond was an indemnity performance bond that could only be called
based on actual loss (at [30]). Nevertheless, even if the bond had been an on
demand bond, the call would still have had been unconscionable as: the price
for the rectification works was grossly inflated; the contractor for
rectification works did not appear to have had any expertise in that area; the
letter of award did not contain details as to the scope of rectification
works; and other forms of abusive conduct on the part of the beneficiary
circumstances (at [26] to [30]).

(c) In Soon Li Heng Civil Engineering Pte Ltd v Samsung C&T Corp and another
[2019] SGHC 267, the court found that the beneficiary’s call on the bond was
for the purposes of fulfilling claims which had already been rejected by an
adjudicator, which would have the effect of undermining the temporary finality
of the adjudication determination. This was regarded as an improper purpose,
and was hence unconscionable (at [79] to [81], [91]).

(d) In Ryobi Tactics Pte Ltd v UES Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another
matter [2019] 4 SLR 1324 (“Ryobi Tactics”), the beneficiary sought to call on
the bond to cover losses under other contracts, even though he did not have
reason to believe that the corresponding underlying contract of the bond had
been breached; this was found to be unconscionable (at [36] to [37]).

(e) In GHL Pte Ltd v Unitrack Building Construction Pte Ltd [1999] 3 SLR(R) 44
(“GHL”), the contract required a performance bond of 10% of the contract
price. The contract price was subsequently revised downwards by about 65%. The
court found that the call on the old bond was unconscionable as it was based
on the original contract sum and represented 30% of the new contract price (at
[26] to [31]).

The applicant’s arguments on the law

(1) The threshold for an injunction

35 The applicant argues for a lower threshold for granting an injunction.

36 First, the applicant argues that the threshold for granting an injunction
to restrain a call on a performance bond should be lower than that for a
letter of credit, as the former is security for a secondary obligation,
whereas the latter is a primary obligation (above at [19]). The applicant
relied on JBE ([19] supra) at [10] for this proposition:

The Singapore courts’ rationale in applying unconscionability as a separate
and independent ground for restraining a call on a performance bond… is that a
performance bond serves a different function from a letter of credit. The
latter performs the role of payment by the obligor for goods shipped to it by
the beneficiary (typically via sea or air from another country), and “has been
the life blood of commerce in international trade for hundreds of years” (see
Chartered Electronics at [36]). Interfering with payment under a letter of
credit is tantamount to interfering with the primary obligation of the obligor
to make payment under its contract with the beneficiary. Hence, payment under
a letter of credit should not be disrupted or restrained by the court in the
absence of fraud. In contrast, a performance bond is merely security for the
secondary obligation of the obligor to pay damages if it breaches its primary
contractual obligations to the beneficiary. A performance bond is not the
lifeblood of commerce, whether generally or in the context of the construction
industry specifically. Thus, a less stringent standard (as compared to the
standard applicable vis-à-vis letters of credit) can justifiably be adopted
for determining whether a call on a performance bond should be restrained. We
should also add that where the wording of a performance bond is ambiguous, the
court would be entitled to interpret the performance bond as being conditioned
upon facts rather than upon documents or upon a mere demand, contrary to the
dictum of Staughton LJ in IE Contractors Ltd v Lloyds Bank Plc and Rafidain
Bank [1990] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 496 at 500. [emphasis in original]

37 However, the passage relied on by the applicant has to be understood in its
proper context. The Court of Appeal in JBE had been trying to establish
unconscionability as a ground to grant an injunction restraining a call on a
performance bond. In the UK, such injunctions were only allowed in
circumstances where fraud was proven (JBE at [7] to [8]). This strict position
taken in the UK was influenced by the similarly strict UK position taken in
relation to letters of credit (JBE at [8]). The Court of Appeal, in trying to
depart from the UK position and adopt a broader position allowing
unconscionability as grounds for injunction, explained that a less stringent
threshold should be imposed for performance bonds instead of letters of credit
(JBE at [10]). Allowing unconscionability as grounds for injunction was in
itself the lower threshold proposed by the Court of Appeal.

38 Hence, the reasoning in JBE in no way contradicted the findings in Mount
Sophia (above at [31]) that unconscionability requires a high threshold: the
former dealt with whether unconscionability should even be allowed as grounds
for injunction, while the latter dealt with the threshold (ie, a strong prima
facie case) required for proving unconscionability.

39 Second, the applicant also relied on GHL ([34(e)] supra) to argue for a
lower threshold for the injunction. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Applicant’s Bundle of Authorities dated 30 January 2020 (“ABOA”) at Tab 6

In my view, this case does not assist the applicant. GHL was a 1999 decision
of a two-judge Court of Appeal which dealt with the issue of whether
unconscionability was a separate ground from fraud for issuing an injunction
to restrain a call on a bond (at [14] to [24]). The court found that it was,
where a prima facie case of unconscionability could be proven (at [24]). This
seems to be a lower standard as compared to the high threshold of a strong
prima facie case required in Mount Sophia (above at [31]).

40 However, GHL focused primarily on whether unconscionability should even be
allowed as grounds for injunction, without discussing the standard of proof in
much detail. It was also decided 13 years earlier than the Court of Appeal
decision in Mount Sophia, which was heard by a three-judge panel and
specifically went into great detail discussing the requisite standard of proof
for unconscionability. Mount Sophia considered the previous case law from the
past 13 years and beyond, emphasising the policy reasons why the court should
be slow to disturb the contractual status quo, and found that a high threshold
of unconscionability was needed. The principles in Mount Sophia hence provide
a more accurate, recent and comprehensive exposition of the approach to be
taken towards injunctions for the restraint of calls on performance bonds, and
should be applied herein.

(2) Unfairness as a separate ground

41 Next, the applicant argues that an injunction should be granted if it would
be unfair for the beneficiary to realise his security pending the resolution
of the substantive dispute (above at [20]). This argument seems to be
establishing unfairness as a standalone ground for an injunction, or equating
unfairness to unconscionability.

42 However, it is clear that unfairness is not a separate standalone ground
for an injunction restraining a call on a performance bond. Nor is unfairness
equal to unconscionability. To introduce unfairness as a standalone criterion
would be to broaden the scope of these injunctions to such an extent that the
bond’s role as security would be significantly undermined. Unfairness is only
one factor amongst other factors, albeit an important one, in determining
unconscionability. The Court of Appeal in Mount Sophia at [43] cited the Court
of Appeal in Eltraco ([17] supra) at [30], stating:

The appellants would appear to suggest that based on this opinion, unfairness,
per se, could constitute ‘unconscionability’. We do not think it necessarily
follows. Lai Kew Chai J said the concept of ‘unconscionability’ involves
unfairness. We agree. That would be so. In every instance of unconscionability
there would be an element of unfairness. But the reverse is not necessarily
true. It does not mean that in every instance where there is unfairness it
would amount to ‘unconscionability’. That is a factor, an important factor no
doubt in the consideration.

43 This passage makes it clear that unconscionability is not a free ranging
inquiry of fairness in a loose sense; such a position would go against the
strictures on protection of the sanctity of the agreement entered into the
parties. Also, as indicated above at [32], unconscionability refers to conduct
lacking bona fides, and not unfairness in a loose sense as contended by the
applicant.

(3) Relevance of a genuine dispute

44 The applicant also argues that where there is a genuine dispute, the court
should grant an injunction to protect the obligor from unfairness. The
applicant cites Arab Banking ([20] supra), 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Applicant’s Bundle of Authorities dated 30 January 2020 (“ABOA”) at Tab 4

and Min Thai Holdings Pte Ltd v Sunlabel Pte Ltd and another [1998] 3 SLR(R)
961 (“Min Thai”) in support of these propositions. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AS at para 81

45 However, the mere existence of a dispute pending resolution of the
substantive matter cannot ipso facto support an injunction on grounds of
unfairness or unconscionability. Firstly, this would flip the settled approach
to unconscionability on its head; the burden lies on the applicant to prove a
strong prima facie case of unconscionability and if it fails to meet that
burden, then the appropriate course is to lift the injunction (above at [31]).
Further, it is well established that calling on the bond where there is a
genuine dispute does not amount to unconscionability (Eltraco at [32]; Mount
Sophia at [52]). Where such genuine disputes exist, a call on the bond cannot
be described as abusive and the beneficiary is entitled to protect its own
interests (Eltraco at [32]).

46 Arab Banking at [104], as cited by the applicant, does not support the
applicant’s proposition that calling on the bond where there is a genuine
dispute would be unconscionable. The paragraph states:

… Essentially, it seems to us that the unconscionability exception exists
because we recognise that in certain circumstances, even where the account
party cannot show that the beneficiary had been fraudulent in calling on the
bond, it would nevertheless be unfair for the beneficiary to realise his
security pending resolution of the substantive dispute. In other words, on one
view, the unconscionability exception serves to protect the account party from
unfair demands by the beneficiary to have the secured sum in hand in
circumstances where there has not yet been a final determination as to whether
he is actually entitled to that sum. On this view, it would be doubtful
whether the unconscionability exception has any relevance where the
substantive dispute under the primary contract has been finally resolved. In
that situation, the account party’s liability (or lack thereof) to the
beneficiary would already have been assessed. Therefore there would no longer
be any question of whether it would be fair to allow the beneficiary to
receive payment under the performance bond. The only question remaining is
whether there is an entitlement to such payment. [emphasis in original]

47 The applicant seems to be relying on the phrase in the paragraph which
states: “it would nevertheless be unfair for the beneficiary to realise his
security pending resolution of the substantive dispute”.

48 However, this must be understood in context. This paragraph was part of a
discussion on the issue of whether the unconscionability exception can still
apply to restrain the call where the substantive dispute had been fully
determined. The paragraph found that the unconscionability exception applies
pending resolution of the substantive dispute, and that its relevance was
doubtful where the dispute was resolved.

49 The Court of Appeal in Arab Banking did not find that unconscionability or
unfairness would definitely be made out if the bond was called upon pending
resolution of the substantive dispute. It merely recognised that this could be
so “in certain circumstances”, which should be understood as referring to the
requirement of a strong prima facie case of unconscionability as required by
previous case law. Further, Arab Banking did not modify the previous approach,
and does not stand for the proposition that unfairness, as distinct from
unconscionability, is a separate ground for granting an injunction; it also
did not purport to depart from the approach in previous cases on what
unconscionability entails. The applicant’s reliance on Arab banking was hence
misplaced.

50 As stated at [44] above, the applicant also relied on Min Thai to argue
that an injunction should be granted where there was a genuine dispute. Min
Thai involved a three-party contractual arrangement where the seller of rice
would sell the rice to an intermediary who would in turn sell the rice to the
buyer; the contract between the intermediary and the buyer required the seller
to give a performance bond to the buyer to guarantee the delivery of rice (at
[5] to [17]). Problems with the delivery of rice arose due to flooding, and
the buyer called on the bond (at [19] to [23]). The court noted that there
were many genuine issues in dispute, such as: whether the International
Chamber of Commerce’s force majeure conditions applied; whether performance of
the contract was affected by force majeure; and whether the seller was even
privy to the contract between the intermediary and the buyer, such that the
seller could restrain payment under the bond (at [32] to [34]). Ultimately,
the High Court held that the call was unconscionable and that the buyer should
have waited for the dispute to be resolved.

51 Although Min Thai seems to support the applicant’s position, I am not sure
that Min Thai would necessarily be decided the same way post-Mount Sophia. It
was a High Court decision made in 1998, 14 years before the Court of Appeal
decision in Mount Sophia. The court in Min Thai did not have the benefit of
examining the detailed policy considerations set out in Mount Sophia and the
high threshold for unconscionability established therein. To the extent that
Min Thai suggests that calling on a bond where there is a genuine dispute
amounts to unconscionability, it contradicts the Court of Appeal authorities
at [45] above and should not be followed. I note that the Court of Appeal in
Dauphin Offshore Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd v The Private Office of HRH
Sheikh Sultan bin Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan [2000] 1 SLR(R) 117 at [46] had
referred to Min Thai as an example of unconscionability; however, the
existence of the genuine dispute in Min Thai was not examined by the Court of
Appeal there.

(4) Relevance of restructuring proceedings

52 The applicant argues that if there is any doubt about the existence of
unconscionability, an injunction should be granted, considering the financial
state of the first respondent. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AS at paras 79 to 82

In this regard, it was emphasised that the first respondent is presently
undergoing restructuring and that any payment made by the applicant would be
difficult to recover due to the first respondent’s financial difficulties,
making such payment unfair. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AS at paras 81 to 82

53 However, the fact that the first respondent is in the midst of
restructuring, or even if hypothetically on the verge of insolvency, would not
be reason to grant an injunction if unconscionability is not made out. The
rationale for the strict threshold espoused at [31] above bears repeating: a
performance bond is a security that has been bargained for, and the court
should not disrupt the status quo unless the applicant meets the threshold of
proving either unconscionability or fraud. Parties calling on bonds are not to
be treated differently merely because they are in the midst of a
restructuring. The fact that the obligor may be exposed to the financial
constraints of the beneficiary is not good enough reason to bar the call if no
other reason exists. This is part and parcel of the contractual arrangement
that they have made between themselves in arranging for the performance bond.

Whether the present call was unconscionable

54 In the present case, the primary issue is whether the conduct of the first
respondent as the beneficiary of the bond was unconscionable, lacking bona
fides or so reprehensible that the call should be restrained.

The applicant’s arguments

55 As set out above at [21], the applicant argues that the first respondent’s
call on the bond was unconscionable.

56 First, it is contended that there was no breach of the applicant’s warranty
obligations. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AS at p 23

Clause 10.8 of the General Terms and Conditions provides that the applicant
makes no warranty except specified in cl 10, and excludes all other warranties
to the extent permitted by law. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AS at paras 62 to 63

This means that the first respondent is precluded from implying terms into the
contract. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AS at para 66

Hence, the applicant only needed to meet the express technical specifications
prescribed in the contract, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AS at para 63

and the applicant only had the obligation to provide pumps which would be fit
for the purposes of the contract. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

AS at paras 56 to 58

57 The applicant points out that there is no express stipulation in the
contract that the pumps had to be designed to be compatible with a reverse
osmosis membrane or to be used in a reverse osmosis plant; the slow ramp up
requirement was also not stipulated. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AS at paras 56 to 58

No credible evidence was given for the first respondent’s contention that a
slow ramp up is a standard performance parameter in a reverse osmosis plant.
67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AS at para 59

The applicant denies that it had represented that its pumps were specially
designed for a reverse osmosis plant; 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AS at paras 59 to 60

indeed, the technical parameters of reverse osmosis plants were not within the
applicant’s expertise. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AS at para 60

It was the first respondent who was the expert on reverse osmosis plants and
the onus should have had been on the first respondent to inform the applicant
of any technical requirements of reverse osmosis plants so that the applicant
could manufacture the pumps to meet these requirements. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AS at para 60

However, the first respondent failed to communicate any requirement for a slow
ramp up. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AS at para 61

Further, the Operation and Maintenance Manual (“OM Manual”) for the pumps were
approved without reservation by the first respondent nearly a year before any
pump failure had occurred, and the OM Manual clearly reflected that the pumps
were not compatible with a slow ramp up. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AS at paras 17 and 64

58 In response to the first respondent’s argument that the pump failure was
caused due to design flaws in the balance discs, the applicant argues that
such allegations are simplistic and unsubstantiated. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

AS at paras 65 to 66

According to the applicant, the wear and tear to the balance discs were caused
by the first respondent’s use of the pumps outside the permitted speed and
flow ranges. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AS at para 66

The applicant had recommended changing the balance discs so as to accommodate
use of the pumps outside the ranges and such recommendation was not an
admission that the balance discs were flawed. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AS at paras 65 to 66

59 The applicant also argues that the remedial works to the pumps done by the
applicant were outside the scope of its warranty obligations (implying that
the first respondent had no right to call on the bond to cover the costs of
remedial works). It argues that this is supported by the following facts: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

AS at p 29

the first respondent has not denied that it had notice of the contents of the
OM Manual; the first respondent did not deny operating the pumps outside the
permitted speed and flow ranges; the first respondent did not challenge the
applicant’s findings that the root cause of the pump failures were the use of
the pumps outside the permitted ranges; and the first respondent issued
purchase orders for the remedial works and subsequently made full payment for
them.

60 Finally, the first respondent’s conduct surrounding the call lacked bona
fides, with the call being made in bad faith. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

AS at p 30

In Mount Sophia ([17] supra) at [48], it was found that the beneficiary’s
failure to voice its complaints to the obligor prior to making the call
suggested that it lacked bona fides; similarly, the first respondent here had
admitted that the issues were resolved in May 2019, but it only made the call
more than six months after the issues were resolved, and nearly two years
after they first arose. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

AS at paras 74 to 75

The first respondent has not provided any reasonable explanation for its
significant delay in making the call. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

AS at para 75

Further, prior to making the call on the bond, no other attempt was made to
recover the money which had been paid to the applicant for the remedial works,
80

##### Foot Note 80

×

AS at para 77

with the call being only made immediately prior to its expiry. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

AS at para 78

These circumstances suggest mala fides and that the first respondent simply
wanted to cash in quickly to reduce its overall cash outlay to the project. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

AS at para 78

The first respondent’s arguments

61 As set out at [17] to [18] above, the first respondent argues that there
was no unconscionability. This is evinced by the overall tenor and entire
context of the case, as shown through the objective documentary evidence,
which instead demonstrated that the applicant was in breach of its warranty
obligations. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

RS at para 50

62 According to the first respondent, the documents showed that problems had
first surfaced in late 2017, and that they were urgently and repeatedly
highlighted by the first respondent to the applicant. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

RS at paras 52 to 53

These problems persisted despite replacement of damaged parts. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

RS at para 53

The first respondent disputed the applicant’s root cause analysis, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

RS at paras 54 to 55

and had informed the applicant of its technical basis for such dispute via
emails in January 2018. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

RS at paras 55 to 56

The same month, the first respondent informed the applicant that the applicant
had breached their warranty obligations, and that the first respondent would
enforce its rights, including by calling on the bond. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

RS at para 57

This was followed up on in February 2018, where the first respondent again
wrote to the applicant to provide comprehensive reasons explaining why the
failure of the pumps was due to, inter alia, the applicant’s inadequate,
deficient, and incompatible design, failure to ensure proper alignment during
installation, and failure to provide the needed technical information from the
start. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

RS at para 58

The same letter also reiterated that the pumps continued to fail despite the
first respondent having taken steps to address the root causes alleged by the
applicant. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

RS at para 58

This letter also warned that the bond would be called unless the applicant
took immediate steps to rectify the defects and supervise the rectification
works. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

RS at para 58

63 The first respondent alleges that subsequently, despite the applicant’s
remedial plan, the pumps still failed. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

RS at paras 59 to 60 and 62

Further monitoring showed that there was no significant evidence that heat was
generated during start up, refuting the applicant’s allegation that operation
of the pumps outside the permitted flow ranges caused excessive heat to be
generated during start up. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

RS at para 61

The first respondent posited in its email to the applicant in April 2018 that
the reason for the failures could be the applicant’s flawed design of the
balance discs. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

RS at para 61

64 The applicant proposed yet another remedial plan in June 2018, involving
the design and supply of new balance discs, which was targeted at fixing the
very root cause that the first respondent had previously identified. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

RS at para 63

As the project owner expressed concerns about possible delay of the
rectification of the pumps due to payment issues, the first respondent issued
a purchase order to the applicant for the remedial works, but stated in the
remarks in the purchase order that the purchase order did not constitute a
waiver of its contractual rights. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

RS at paras 65 to 66

The applicant demanded advance payment which the first respondent duly paid.
97

##### Foot Note 97

×

RS at paras 67 to 68

Nevertheless, the first respondent continued to have concerns about the
efficacy of the applicant’s remedial plan; 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

RS at para 69

these concerns stretched into August 2018. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

RS at para 70

The remedial works were further delayed due to the applicant ordering the
wrong discs. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

RS at paras 71 to 72

In September 2018, damage was found in one pump, with damage suspected in
others, and the first respondent again communicated to the applicant that
there was a design flaw in the pumps. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

RS at paras 73 to 74

There were further delays in the delivery of the new balance discs and the
remedial works were only completed by the applicant in May 2019. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

RS at paras 76 to 83

Since then, the operation of the pumps has generally stabilised. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

RS at para 83

From May 2019 until September 2019, the first respondent continued to monitor
the plant to ensure that the pump failures were fully and finally resolved.
104

##### Foot Note 104

×

RS at para 84

In October 2019, the first respondent called on the bond. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

RS at para 85

65 Based on the above, the first respondent argues that the call was validly
made, in the bona fide exercise of its rights under the contract between the
parties, and that there was no evidence of any unconscionable conduct on its
part. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

RS at para 88

66 The first respondent also refutes the applicant’s arguments. According to
the first respondent, the applicant’s case for unconscionability rests on two
grounds: first, that there was no breach of warranty obligations; and second,
that there was inexplicable delay in the making of the call. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

RS at para 89

In relation to the breach issue, the first respondent argues that the court
should not consider the merits of whether there was any breach of warranty
obligations at this stage; in any event, the applicant’s determination of the
root cause was only its own subjective view. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

RS at para 92

At best, the applicant has only shown that there is a genuine dispute between
the parties. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

RS at para 92

In relation to the delay in making the call, such delay was not undue as it
was made before the expiry period, and the call could only have had been made
after remedial works were concluded as the applicant threatened not to conduct
the works unless it received the advance payment. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

RS at paras 107 to 112

After the call was made, the applicant had also threatened to withdraw its
services to the first respondent even for other projects if the call was not
withdrawn, which validated the above-mentioned first respondent’s concern that
it could not have had made the call earlier. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

RS at para 110

A period of time was also needed by the first respondent post-May 2019 to
ensure that no further problems arose after the remedial works. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

RS at para 111

Whether unconscionability is made out

67 I am satisfied that looking at the entire context of the case, the
applicant has failed to meet its burden of showing a strong prima facie case
of unconscionability (see [31] above). I accept that the evidence and
arguments raised by the first respondent from [61] to [66] above sufficiently
demonstrate that there is a genuine dispute between the parties, and that the
call on the first demand bond did not lack bona fides. It is not necessary to
weigh the strength of both sides’ arguments as it is not for the court to go
into the merits of this dispute but it suffices for the court to determine
that the dispute is genuine.

68 As shown from the parties’ arguments above, there is a clear genuine
dispute between the parties as to the root cause of the pump failures. This in
turn affects whether the applicant had breached its warranty obligations. In
essence, the applicant insists that the root cause was the first respondent’s
improper use of the pumps outside the permitted ranges, while this is
vehemently denied by the first respondent, who had sent the applicant several
emails stating so. The first respondent asserts that the root cause was design
flaws in the pumps. There is nothing to show that this dispute was contrived,
minor, or fully resolved to everyone’s satisfaction. There is also no evidence
that the first respondent did not genuinely believe that there is such a
dispute, and/or did not genuine believe that the applicant had breached its
warranty obligations. While the applicant pointed to the terms of the OM
Manual to show that the first respondent accepted the pump design and the
incompatibility of a slow ramp up, the first respondent denies this, arguing
that the needed technical information was not conveyed to it, and also denies
whether the slow ramp up was even the root cause of the failures in the first
place (above at [57] and [62]). It may be that more evidence will be needed to
fully substantiate and decide the substantive dispute, perhaps even through a
trial, but the above suffices to show that these concerns and issues were
genuinely in the mind of the first respondent.

69 There was also no delay which rendered the first respondent’s conduct
unconscionable. While the applicant argues that the call was only made about
two years after the pump failures began and about six months after the pumps
were fixed (see [60] above), the first respondent explained that this was
because it needed some time to verify if the pumps were fully fixed (see [66]
above). I accept the first respondent’s arguments. Given the long period of
pump failure, including repeated failure despite repeated attempts at remedial
works, it was reasonable for the first respondent to monitor the pumps for
some time to see how matters panned out. A six-month time lag does not ipso
facto show unconscionable conduct or bad faith, especially where the
correspondence between the parties showed an ongoing genuine dispute. Mount
Sophia ([17] supra) can be distinguished as in that case, the beneficiary made
no allegations nor complaints to the obligor either in writing or otherwise
about any alleged breach (at [48]). This was not the case here.

70 There is no bright line that will distinguish an unconscionable delay from
the usual lapse of time that may arise in commercial matters; this must be
determined on the circumstances of each case. A short dispute which was
quickly resolved, followed by just a few months’ or possibly even a few weeks’
passage of time, may be enough to show lack of bona fides and that the
beneficiary did not genuinely believe that he had a right to call on the bond.
However, a long-drawn dispute may require longer time for the beneficiary to
monitor the situation and decide whether to call on the bond. The nature of
the dispute and the depth of disagreement may also be material. Here, the six
months’ lapse did not render the dispute or controversy moot. Although the
applicant claims that all matters were settled, that the first respondent had
acquiesced that the pump failures were due to its improper use, and that the
first respondent had signified this by paying for the remedial works (see [59]
above), the first respondent’s arguments are sufficient to show that this
might not be true (see [64] above). The fact that the call was made just prior
to expiry also does not ipso facto indicate any untoward conduct, unless
something more exists to prove such; no such evidence was adduced here.

71 Finally, while the applicant argues that cl 10.8 of the General Terms and
Conditions excludes other warranties such that a slow ramp up was not
required, it is conceivable that arguments and evidence may be adduced to
allow the first respondent to circumvent cl 10.8, such as by an implied term
or some other means; that would be a matter for trial. There may be situations
in which no reasonable argument can be put forward, but there would have to be
a very clear case to preclude the existence of a genuine dispute. This was not
such a case.

Conclusion on the substantive issues

72 Due to the above, the applicant has failed to prove its burden of a strong
prima facie case of unconscionability. The evidence and arguments raised by
the respondent at the inter partes hearing significantly changes the one-sided
picture painted by the applicant at the urgent ex parte hearing, showing that
there was a genuine dispute, and that there was no unconscionable delay. This
is sufficient to discharge the injunction, but the first respondent raises the
following jurisdictional issues in its supplementary submissions which will be
briefly addressed for completeness.

Preliminary Jurisdictional Issues

Underlying claim

73 The first respondent argues that it is trite that an injunction cannot be
free standing but must be based on an underlying cause of action; however, the
applicant’s originating summons contained no underlying cause of action (see
[10] above). The first respondent relied on Fourie v Le Roux and others [2007]
1 WLR 320 (“Fourie”) and Siskina (owners of cargo lately laden on board) and
others v Distos Compania Naviera S.A. [1979] 1 A.C. 210 (“Siskina”) in support
of this proposition. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

RSS at para 5

74 The first respondent’s contention is misplaced, and as will be shown below,
these decisions do not assist the first respondent.

Nature and purpose of the present injunction

75 The present injunction is best characterised as a freestanding prohibitory
injunction. It is a prohibitory injunction as it prohibits the first
respondent from calling on the bond.

76 In addition, it is freestanding as it is not an interlocutory injunction.
An injunction is not interlocutory if the sole and entire purpose of the
originating process is to obtain the injunction, because once that application
had been determined, the entire subject matter of that proceeding would have
been spent (Maldives Airport Co Ltd and another v GMR Malé International
Airport Pte Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 449 (“Maldives Airport”) at [15]). In contrast,
the interlocutory nature of an interlocutory injunction is derived from the
fact that it is sought not as the main or substantive claim in and of itself,
but only as ancillary relief to a separate substantive claim; in such
situations, the substantive claims should appear on the writ or originating
process served on the other party (Bi Xiaoqiong (in her personal capacity and
as trustee of the Xiao Qiong Bi Trust and the Alisa Wu Irrevocable Trust) v
China Medical Technologies, Inc (in liquidation) and another [2019] 2 SLR 595
(“Bi Xiaoqiong”) at [118]).

77 This distinction is illustrated on the facts of Maldives Airport. There,
the respondent argued that the Court of Appeal had no jurisdiction to hear the
appeal as the injunction was an interlocutory one. The respondent argued that
any injunction which sought to preserve the legal rights and obligations of
the parties before the dispute was completely disposed of was an interlocutory
order. This was rejected by the Court of Appeal (at [14] to [15]):

14 The Respondent raised a preliminary objection to the jurisdiction of this
court. Counsel for the Respondent… submitted that the Judge’s decision to
grant the Injunction was a decision made on an interlocutory application and
so, leave to appeal was required pursuant to s34(2)(d) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”). As the Appellants had not
sought leave from the High Court… the Court of Appeal therefore had no
jurisdiction to hear the appeal. In support of the argument that the Judge’s
decision was given pursuant to an interlocutory application, Mr Pillay
referred to PT Pukuafu Indah v Newmont Indonesia Ltd [2012] 4 SLR 1157 (“PT
Pukuafu”), where Lee Seiu Kin J observed (at [20]) that an interim order which
sought to preserve the legal rights and obligations of the parties before the
dispute was completely disposed of was an interlocutory order. Lee J defined
(likewise at [20]) an interlocutory order as “an order that [did] not decide
the substance of the dispute or an order under s12 of the IAA during the
pendency of arbitration proceedings”.

15 The Respondent’s jurisdictional objection is without merit. First, it is
incorrect to characterise the Judge’s decision as one made on an interlocutory
application. The application for the Injunction was made by OS 1128; the sole
purpose of OS 1128 was to seek the Injunction. It would be odd if OS 1128 were
characterised as an interlocutory application when there was nothing further
for the court to deal with once the Injunction had been either granted or
refused. This was not a case where an interlocutory injunction was sought
pending the resolution of a substantive dispute before the court. The sole and
entire purpose of the originating process in this case was to obtain the
Injunction. Once that application had been determined, the entire subject
matter of that proceeding would have been spent.

78 Similar to the originating summons in Maldives Airport, the sole object of
HC/OS 1323/2019 is to seek the injunction; once this application is
determined, the proceedings are spent. No cause of action was disclosed in the
originating summons. This shows that the present injunction is not
interlocutory.

79 In addition, the present injunction is not an interlocutory injunction as
its purpose is not to preserve the rights of parties pending any substantive
proceeding. The purpose of the present injunction is solely to prevent the
injustice of the beneficiary calling on the bond without bona fides. Whether
the beneficiary lacked bona fides is an issue that has to be decided by the
judge issuing the injunction. The following example illustrates that
injunctions restraining an unconscionable call on a bond can and should be
issued despite the absence of an underlying cause of action.

80 A beneficiary calls on a bond issued by the obligor, although neither party
had breached their contractual obligations to each other under the relevant
contract. At this stage, neither party has any valid cause of action against
each other. It is clear that the call was made in bad faith, since there is no
breach and no dispute. The obligor applies to court to seek an injunction on
grounds that the call was unconscionable. If the injunction was interlocutory
in nature, the court would not be able to grant the injunction even though the
call was clearly unconscionable, because the obligor has no cause of action
against the beneficiary. This is clearly illogical. There is no reason to
expect the obligor to lodge a cause of action against the beneficiary, where
there is none. The court should not decline to issue an injunction preventing
a clearly unconscionable call, just because the obligor has no cause of action
against the beneficiary. Instead, in such cases, the cause of action was
avoided precisely because of the injunction; if the injunction had not been
granted and the call had been made, the obligor would then in that situation
have a cause of action for restitution of the bond sum, since the beneficiary
has no basis, contractual or otherwise, for calling on the sum. Indeed, the
first respondent gave no authority to suggest that the obligor had a duty to
file a substantive cause of action in order to seek an injunction against a
call made unconscionably. The above explains that such injunction does not
have to be based on a separate cause of action, but serves to protect pre-
existing legal rights from an invasion, to prevent a potential cause of action
from arising. It is also not necessary to require the applicant to seek a
negative declaration that the beneficiary has no right to call on the bond;
such declaration is not a cause of action.

81 A case in point is Ryobi Tactics ([34(d)] supra). An injunction was granted
even though the obligor did not have any substantive proceedings against the
beneficiary under the relevant contract; it was sufficient for the court to
find that there was no breach under the relevant contract, and that the
beneficiary was acting unconscionably by making the call to cover losses for
breaches under another contract.

Whether the court has power to grant a freestanding injunction

82 The first respondent argues that it is trite that an injunction cannot be
freestanding. No local authority was cited to support this proposition.
Indeed, the injunction at issue in Maldives Airport itself was a freestanding
prohibitory injunction; it prohibited the appellant from interfering with the
respondent’s performance of its obligations under the contract (at [8] to
[9]), although it was not based on any pending resolution of substantive
dispute before the court (at [15]). Although the injunction in Maldives
Airport was eventually set aside on the basis that it did not satisfy the
balance of convenience test (at [54]), the Court of Appeal did not hold that
the injunction had to be discharged simply because of its freestanding
character.

83 The first respondent’s reliance on the foreign cases was misplaced because
they dealt only with interlocutory injunctions but not freestanding
injunctions. In particular, the cases were dealing with Mareva injunctions,
the purpose of which is to preserve the assets so that the final judgment sum
can be enforced against the assets. Siskina ([73] supra) stated at p 256:

… That the High Court has no power to grant an interlocutory injunction except
in protection or assertion of some legal or equitable right which it has
jurisdiction to enforce by final judgment, was first laid down in the classic
judgment of Cotton L.J. in North London Railway Co. v. Great Northern Railway
Co. (1883) 11 Q.B.D. 30, 39-40, which has been consistently followed ever
since.

84 Lord Scott in Fourie ([73] supra) stated at [33]:

Whenever an interlocutory injunction is applied for, the judge, if otherwise
minded to make the order, should, as a matter of good practice, pay careful
attention to the substantive relief that is, or will be, sought. …

85 The above shows that the cases dealt only with interlocutory injunctions
and did not deal with the separate question of whether the court has power to
issue a freestanding injunction.

86 However, it is useful to note that Lord Scott in Fourie, sitting on the
House of Lords, found that the court had power to issue injunctions (even
interlocutory injunctions) even if there were no substantive proceedings. He
stated at [30]:

My Lords, these authorities show, in my opinion, that, provided the court has
in personam jurisdiction over the person against whom an injunction, whether
interlocutory or final, is sought, the court has jurisdiction, in the strict
sense, to grant it. …

87 He found that the lower courts were wrong in finding that there was no
power to grant such injunction (at [25]):

… The references to jurisdiction made both by Sir Andrew Morritt V-C and by
the deputy judge… read as though they had in mind jurisdiction in the strict
sense. If they did, then I think they were wrong. It seems to me clear that
Park J had jurisdiction, in the strict sense, to grant an injunction against
Mr Le Roux and Fintrade. Both were within the territorial jurisdiction of the
court at the time the freezing order was made. Both were, shortly after the
freezing order had been made, served with an originating summons in which
relief in the form of the freezing order was sought. There is no challenge to
the propriety or the efficacy of the service on them… The issue is, in my
opinion, not whether Park J had jurisdiction, in the strict sense, to make the
freezing order but whether it was proper, in the circumstances as they stood
at the time he made the order, for him to make it. …

88 To the extent that Siskina laid down a general rule that the court only had
power to issue injunctions derived from substantive proceedings, this was
departed from by Lord Scott in Fourie at [30]:

… The practice regarding the grant of injunctions, as established by judicial
precedent and rules of court, has not stood still since The Siskina [1979] AC
210 was decided and is unrecognisable from the practice to which Cotton LJ was
referring in North London Railway Co v Great Northern Railway Co (1883) 11 QBD
30, 39–40 and to which Lord Diplock referred in The Siskina, at p 256. Mareva
injunctions could not have been developed and become established if Cotton
LJ's proposition still held good.

89 Lord Scott also explained that the court’s power to grant injunctions,
regardless of whether it was based on any substantive proceeding, was derived
from the powers of the Chancery courts to grant injunctions (at [25]):

… The power of a judge sitting in the High Court to grant an injunction
against a party to proceedings properly served is confirmed by, but does not
derive from, section 37 of the Supreme Court Act 1981 and its statutory
predecessors. It derives from the pre-Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873 (36
& 37 Victc 66) powers of the Chancery courts, and other courts, to grant
injunctions…

90 This is consistent with the Court of Appeal’s dictum in Eltraco ([17]
supra) at [36] which explained that an injunction to restrain an
unconscionable call is based on the court’s exercise of its equitable
jurisdiction, to achieve equity and justice:

It must be borne in mind that the court in restraining a beneficiary from
calling on a bond on the ground of unconscionability is exercising an
equitable jurisdiction… to ensure that there is no injustice or abuse… The
object of this jurisdiction is not to punish the beneficiary for making an
excessive call but to achieve equity and justice.

91 Hence, it is clear that the court has the power to grant a freestanding
injunction to prevent injustice, in exercise of its equitable jurisdiction.
This power is confirmed by (albeit not derived from) O 92 r 4(1) of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed), which allows the court to make any order
as necessary to prevent injustice:

Inherent powers of Court (O. 92, r. 4)

4. For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in these Rules shall be deemed to limit or affect the inherent powers of the Court to make any order as may be necessary to prevent injustice or to prevent an abuse of the process of the Court. [emphasis in original]

92 Based on the above, I am satisfied that the court has the power to grant a
freestanding injunction to restrain the unconscionable call on a bond, to
prevent injustice, even if there are no underlying substantive proceedings.

93 For completeness, it should be noted that the Court of Appeal in Bi
Xiaoqiong ([76] supra) found that a Mareva injunction should only be granted
where the court has in personam jurisdiction over the defendant, and where the
plaintiff has a reasonable accrued cause of action in Singapore (at [62]).
This contradicts the House of Lords decision in Fourie, which held that the
court has power, in the strict sense, to issue a Mareva injunction as long as
there is in personam jurisdiction, even if there is no reasonable accrued
cause of action ([86] above). Nevertheless, this finding in Bi Xiaoqiong was
only in relation to Mareva injunctions, and did not deal with freestanding
injunctions; Fourie remains useful to show that the court has equitable
jurisdiction to issue freestanding injunctions even where there is no cause of
action. Further, Bi Xiaoqiong relied on Siskina (at [64]), but did not
consider Fourie, which was the more recent House of Lords decision which
departed from Siskina ([88] supra).

Full and frank disclosure

94 The first respondent also sought to discharge the injunction on grounds
that there was no full and frank disclosure by the applicant at the ex parte
hearing (at [11] above).

95 The duty of full and frank disclosure to be met by the ex parte applicant
has been elaborated on in various Court of Appeal cases. In Bintai ([19]
supra) at [79] it was stated:

A party seeking an ex parte interlocutory injunction has a duty to make full
and frank disclosure of all material facts… This duty extends to the
disclosure of facts that the applicant would have known if it had made proper
inquiries although the extent of such inquiries would depend on the facts and
circumstances of each case… It is insufficient for an applicant to merely
exhibit documents pertaining to an issue without highlighting the issue to the
court either in the text of the supporting affidavit or in oral submissions.
An applicant is required to draw the judge’s attention to the relevant
documents, as well as to “identify the crucial points for and against the
application” …

96 As seen from this, the applicant does not have to lay out the opponent’s
case or argue the opponent’s position, but evident issues must be laid out,
especially if the proceeding is made with no notice. Where there is some
inkling from the correspondence that the other party takes a different
position, this should be made clear at the ex parte hearing.

97 I agree with the first respondent that there had not been full and frank
disclosure by the applicant at the ex parte hearing, constituting grounds for
discharge of the injunction. As pointed out by the first respondent (see [12]
above), the applicant had failed to disclose a number of material facts at the
ex parte hearing:

(a) The applicant argued that the first respondent did not reveal to it the
basis for the call. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Submissions dated 22 October 2019 (“Ex parte
submissions”) at para 7

This was not true as there was an email sent by the first respondent to the
applicant on 17 October 2019 which explained that the call was to cover
payment for replacement parts due to the pump failure. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

RS at para 119(a); Antonio De La Torre’s Affidavit dated 17 January 2020 at p
86

(b) The applicant argued that the first respondent did not provide any
evidence to show that the pumps were due to poor design by the applicant. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Ex parte submissions at para 16

However, this was untrue as the first respondent had sent multiple emails to
the applicant comprehensively setting out its technical analysis as to why the
pump failure was caused due to the pumps’ design flaws. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

RS at paras 119(b) and 119(c)

(c) The applicant argued that the first respondent made full payment for the
spare parts, which demonstrated that the pump failure was not a breach of the
applicant’s warranty obligations. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Ex parte submissions at para 21

However, the applicant failed to reveal to the court that the purchase orders
included language to the effect that the first respondent did not waive its
rights under the contract. The applicant also did not disclose correspondence
showing that the first respondent believed that the failure was due to the
applicant’s design flaws, in breach of the applicant’s warranty obligations.
119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Ex parte submissions at para 119(d)

98 The applicant’s failure to give full and frank disclosure may have to be
reflected in the costs allocations, although such suppression may not
necessarily have had been intentional.

The Arbitration Agreement

99 The first respondent argues that the applicant at the ex parte hearing
failed to raise to the attention of the court that the contract is subject to
an arbitration agreement (see [11] above); this caused the court to fail to
consider the requirements under s 12A of the IAA before issuing the injunction
(see [13] above). In particular, the court would have had to consider ss
12A(3), 12A(4) and 12A(6) of the IAA to see if the requirements of
appropriateness, urgency and inability of the arbitral tribunal to act
effectively for the time being were satisfied. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

RSS at para 11

100 For ease of reference, the relevant provisions of s 12A IAA provide:

Court-ordered interim measures

12A.—(1) This section shall apply in relation to an arbitration…

(a) to which this Part applies; and

(b) irrespective of whether the place of arbitration is in the territory of
Singapore.

(2) Subject to subsections (3) to (6), for the purpose of and in relation to
an arbitration referred to in subsection (1), the High Court or a Judge
thereof shall have the same power of making an order in respect of any of the
matters set out in section 12(1)(c) to (i) as it has for the purpose of and in
relation to an action or a matter in the court.

(3) The High Court or a Judge thereof may refuse to make an order under
subsection (2) if, in the opinion of the High Court or Judge, the fact that
the place of arbitration is outside Singapore or likely to be outside
Singapore when it is designated or determined makes it inappropriate to make
such order.

(4) If the case is one of urgency, the High Court or a Judge thereof may, on
the application of a party or proposed party to the arbitral proceedings, make
such orders under subsection (2) as the High Court or Judge thinks necessary
for the purpose of preserving evidence or assets.

…

(6) In every case, the High Court or a Judge thereof shall make an order under
subsection (2) only if or to the extent that the arbitral tribunal, and any
arbitral or other institution or person vested by the parties with power in
that regard, has no power or is unable for the time being to act effectively.

[emphasis in original]

101 I agree with the first respondent that there was lack of disclosure.
Although the applicant’s counsel had referred the court to the General Terms
and Conditions, specifically to cl 10 about the warranty, I do not recall
counsel drawing attention to the arbitration clause at cl 19.3 of the General
Terms and Conditions, or to the possible effect of s 12A of the IAA. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Minute Sheet of the inter partes hearing on 27 February 2020 (“Minute Sheet”)
at p 4

102 As noted by the Court of Appeal in Bintai (above at [95]), it is not
sufficient for counsel to exhibit the documents; counsel must draw the court’s
attention specifically to the issue in the text of the supporting affidavit,
and highlight the crucial points to the court. Even if the failure to disclose
was not an intentional omission, the failure to meet their duty is good reason
enough to discharge the injunction (Bintai at [81] to [82]). Nevertheless, as
seen below, this failure was not material since the injunction would have had
been granted even if there had been disclosure of the arbitration agreement.

103 It is unclear if s 12A of the IAA even applies as the injunction was not
sought “for the purpose of and in relation to an arbitration” (see s 12A(2)
IAA); the first respondent itself pointed this out, arguing that the applicant
had not commenced arbitration even four months after the injunction. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

RSS at para 14

Nevertheless, assuming, but not deciding, that the requirements of s 12A had
to be met, the injunction could still have had been granted as the
requirements under s 12A of the IAA had been met. The application was urgent
(see [110] below), fulfilling the requirement of s 12A(4) IAA. Further, since
arbitration had not commenced, and owing to the urgency of the application, it
would have been difficult for SIAC to issue the injunction in time, thus
satisfying the requirement under s 12A(6) IAA.

104 Since the requirements were fulfilled in any case, the failure to refer to
s 12A IAA or the arbitration agreement was not that significant, and I would
not discharge the injunction based on these reasons.

Lack of clean hands

105 The first respondent also argues that the applicant should be disentitled
from maintaining the injunction as it had not come to the court with clean
hands, having committed repudiatory breach of the arbitration agreement (see
[14] above). The first respondent relied on the following passage from Marty
Ltd v Hualon Corp (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd (receiver and manager appointed) [2018] 2
SLR 1207 (“Marty”) (at [54]): 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

RSS at para 15

We pause to observe that although Mr Jeyaretnam SC was content to accept that
the commencement of the BVI Action alone was not sufficient to amount to
repudiation and put his case on the basis that the respondent had commenced
and maintained the BVI Action without qualification, it is strongly arguable
that the commencement of court proceedings is itself a prima facie repudiation
of the arbitration agreement. This is because parties who enter into a
contract containing an arbitration clause can reasonably expect that disputes
arising out of the underlying contract would be resolved by arbitration and
indeed have a contractual obligation to do so. Thus, where court proceedings
are commenced without an accompanying explanation or qualification and the
relief sought will resolve the dispute on the merits, the defending party in
the court proceedings is entitled to take the view that the party who
commenced those proceedings (“the claimant”) no longer intends to abide by the
arbitration clause. It would, however, still be open to the claimant to
displace this prima facie conclusion by furnishing an explanation for
commencement of the court proceedings, either on the face of the proceedings
themselves or by reference to events and correspondence occurring before the
proceedings started which showed objectively that it had no repudiatory intent
in doing so. But in the absence of any explanation or qualification, the
commencement of court proceedings in the face of an arbitration clause is, in
our view, sufficient to constitute a prima facie repudiation of the
arbitration agreement.

106 However, the paragraph cited by the first respondent shows precisely why
there is no repudiatory breach in the present case. In Marty, the action
brought in the BVI courts was a substantive cause of action which sought
determination of the “dispute on the merits” (see also Marty at [14]). This
was naturally found to be in breach of the arbitration clause which required
disputes to be resolved through arbitration.

107 In contrast, the injunction sought in the present case does not deal with
the merits of the dispute, and in fact, does not even require a dispute. The
injunction is premised solely on whether the call was unconscionable. The lack
of a dispute will support that the call is unconscionable, whereas the
presence of a dispute is merely one supporting factor showing that the call
could be bona fides. As the first respondent itself argues, the court is not
entitled to decide on the merits in issuing the injunction. The first
respondent raises no authority to show that the seeking of such injunction
amounts to repudiation of an arbitration agreement.

108 Further, cl 19.3 of the General Terms and Conditions of the contract
provides that the arbitration is to be governed by the arbitration rules of
the International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC Rules”), and Art 29(7) of the ICC
Rules provides that an urgent application for a court order is not a breach of
the arbitration agreement: 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

1st Respondent’s supplementary bundle of authorities dated 25 February 2020
(“RSBOA”) at Tab 4

The Emergency Arbitrator Provisions are not intended to prevent any party from
seeking urgent interim or conservatory measures from a competent judicial
authority at any time prior to making an application for such measures, and in
appropriate circumstances even thereafter, pursuant to the Rules. Any
application for such measures from a competent judicial authority shall not be
deemed to be an infringement or a waiver of the arbitration agreement.

109 The first respondent should have had known this as Art 29 of the ICC Rules
was specifically extracted and included in its supplementary bundle of
authorities. I am satisfied that there was no repudiatory breach.

Lack of notice

110 Finally, the first respondent complains that notice was not given before
the ex parte hearing (see [15] above). This was noted by me during the ex
parte hearing but the injunction was still issued due to the urgent
circumstances set forth by the applicant then. At the hearing, the applicant
stated that the call had been made on 9 October 2019, and that the second
respondent had stated that it would pay out the bond sum on 17 October 2019,
which was already one week prior to the ex parte hearing on 23 October 2019.
125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Certified Minutes at pp 1 to 2

The applicant had written to the second respondent to try to stall the payout,
pending negotiations with the first respondent. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Certified Minutes at pp 1 to 2

However, no agreement was reached and the payout was imminent. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Certified Minutes at pp 1 to 2

I granted the injunction due to these urgent circumstances expressed by the
applicant at the ex parte hearing, and I do not consider the lack of notice to
be fatal to the injunction.

Conclusion

111 I am satisfied that the applicant has failed to show a strong prima facie
case of unconscionability, and also failed to give full and frank disclosure
at the ex parte hearing. The injunction is thus discharged. Directions on
arguments as to costs will be given separately; time for any application or
appeal, as the case may be, is extended.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Anparasan s/o Kamachi and Sumyutha Sivamani (WhiteFern LLC) for the applicant;

Sandosham Paul Rabindranath and Joan Peiyun Lim-Casanova (Cavenagh Law LLP)
for the first respondent;

the second respondent unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

