Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 12

Criminal Revision No 10 of 2019

Between

AB PARTNERS PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Criminal Revision] — [Release of seized
properties]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
AB Partners Pte Ltd

  
v

  
Public Prosecutor

[2020] SGHC 12

High Court — Criminal Revision Number 10 of 2019  
Aedit Abdullah J  
1 November 2019, 3 February 2020

3 February 2020 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 The Applicant seeks criminal revision of the order made by the learned
District Judge below on 27 February 2019 (“the Order”), which allowed an
extension of the seizure of funds which were the subject of investigations
relating to criminal conduct in Russia. Having considered the evidence and
submissions, I am not persuaded that revision should be ordered. However, if
further extensions are required from here on, the investigating agencies and
the Prosecution should ensure that there are sufficient grounds given the time
that has passed since the original seizure in 2016.

Facts

2 The Applicant is AB Partners Pte Ltd (“AB Partners”). AB Partners is a
company incorporated in Singapore on 3 October 2013 and its sole shareholder
at the time of incorporation was Mr Boytsov Alexey Anatolyevich (“Boytsov”).

3 On 2 September 2016, the Commercial Affairs Department of the Singapore
Police Force (“CAD”) seized a Credit Suisse AG account number 141469 (“the
Account”) which was in the Applicant’s name, pursuant to  
s 35(1)(a) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Tan Ruiyun’s affidavit dated 18 October 2019 (“Tan Ruiyun’s Affidavit”) at
para 6

This was on grounds that the funds in the Account were the proceeds of
criminal conduct in Russia. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Tan Ruiyun’s affidavit at para 6

The Account contains US$2,935,594.62. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit dated 28 August 2019 (“Liu Kaili’s affidavit”) at Tab 1

4 On 22 February 2017, Boytsov sold all his shares in the Applicant to Ang
Hock Chye (“Ang”) for US$10,000.00. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Tan Ruiyun’s affidavit at Tab A

5 On 2 June 2017, counsel for the Applicant wrote to the CAD stating that they
acted for the Applicant. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Tan Ruiyun’s affidavit at para 8

6 On 31 August 2017, CAD reported the seizure pursuant to s 370(1)(b) CPC
(“the 1st report”),sought an order for continuation of the seizure, and for
the matter to be adjourned within 12 months or until investigations were
complete, whichever was earlier. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at Tab 1

7 On 26 October 2017, the learned District Judge (“the first District Judge”)
passed an order of court allowing CAD to retain the seized property for
purposes of investigation and for court review six months later on 26 April
2018. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at Tab 2

8 On 1 March 2018, all the shares in the Applicant were transferred from Ang
to Liu Kaili (“Liu”) for consideration of S$1.00. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Tan Ruiyun’s affidavit at Tab B

Liu remains the current sole shareholder of the Applicant. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at para 1

9 On 13 April 2018, CAD wrote to counsel for the Applicant to give the
Applicant notice of the 26 April 2018 court review. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Tan Ruiyun’s affidavit at para 12

10 On 24 April 2018, counsel for the Applicant informed CAD over a telephone
call that the Applicant did not wish to be heard at the court review. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Tan Ruiyun’s affidavit at para 13

11 On 26 April 2018, CAD made a further report pursuant to s 370(1)(b) CPC
(“the 2nd report”) and sought for the matter to be adjourned until
investigations were complete or within 12 months, whichever was earlier. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at Tab 4

12 On 4 May 2018, the first District Judge passed another order of court
allowing the CAD to retain the seized funds for the purposes of investigations
and for court review to be six months later on 25 October 2018. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at Tab 5

13 On 25 October 2018, CAD made a further third report pursuant to  
s 370(1)(b) CPC (“the 3rd report”) and sought an order for the matter to be
adjourned until investigations were complete or within 12 months, whichever
was earlier. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at Tab 6

14 On 27 February 2019, the learned District Judge (“the second District
Judge”) passed the Order which allowed the CAD to retain the seized funds for
the purposes of investigations and for court review to be 12 months later on
27 February 2020. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at Tab 7

15 Also on 27 February 2019, Tan Ruiyun, a Commercial Affairs Officer of the
CAD, interviewed Liu as part of CAD’s investigations into the Applicant.
During the interview, Liu could not provide any details or particulars
regarding any bank accounts in the Applicant’s name in Singapore and could not
provide any information as to the source of the funds in the Account. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Tan Ruiyun’s affidavit at para 19

16 On 18 April 2019, counsel for the Applicant wrote to CAD stating that Liu,
who was also their client, had a right to be heard at all hearings pursuant to
s 370 CPC and to further information concerning the seized property. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Tan Ruiyun’s affidavit at para 18

17 The Applicant is unsatisfied with the Order and seeks this criminal
revision to set aside the Order.

The parties’ cases

The Applicant’s submissions

18 The Applicant argued that the threshold for the court to exercise its
criminal revisionary powers is if there was serious injustice (Rajendar Prasad
Rai and another v Public Prosecutor and another matter [2017] 4 SLR 333
(“Rajendar”) at [24]). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Applicant’s skeletal arguments dated 22 October 2019 (“Applicant’s skeletal
arguments”) at para 24

The wrongful retention of seized property where there is no basis in law for
its continued seizure is sufficient to constitute serious injustice (Lee Chen
Seong Jeremy and others v Public Prosecutor [2019] 4 SLR 867 (“Jeremy Lee”) at
[110]-[115]). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Applicant’s skeletal arguments at para 26

19 The Applicant points to the legal basis for the continued seizure of the
Account being s 370 CPC. Before the Magistrate grants continued seizure under
s 370 CPC, the Magistrate must be satisfied that there is a reasonable basis
for believing that the seized property is relevant for the purposes of any
investigation, inquiry or trial (s 370(3) CPC). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Applicant’s skeletal arguments at para 41

20 Serious injustice was argued to be have been caused in the present case as:

(a) A substantial sum of US$2,935,594.62 had been seized. Seizure of a
substantial amount of assets is a factor that weighs in favour of finding
serious injustice (Rajendar at [68]). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Applicant’s skeletal arguments at para 25

(b) There was no reasonable basis for the second District Judge to believe
that the funds in the Account were still relevant for the purposes of any
investigation, inquiry, trial or other proceeding, as:

(i) The 3rd Report contained nothing but bare assertions that the seized funds
were still relevant for investigations. Such bland assertions are insufficient
to constitute such reasonable basis (Jeremy Lee at [122]; Rajendar at [48]).
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Applicant’s skeletal arguments at para 37

(ii) The funds had been seized for more than 3 years. The longer the period
that the property has been seized and detained, the greater the justification
needed to show that the property is still relevant to the investigation or
inquiry (Mustafa Ahunbay v Public Prosecutor [2015] 2 SLR 903 (“Mustafa CA”)
at [84]). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Applicant’s skeletal arguments at para 36

(iii) The 3rd Report was even less certain than the 2nd Report as to the
relevance of the seized funds to the investigations. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Applicant’s skeletal arguments at para 12(a)

The 2nd Report stated that: “funds in the… [A]ccount are traceable to criminal
proceeds derived from the offences committed in Russia” 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Applicant’s skeletal arguments at para 8

[emphasis removed], whereas the 3rd Report stated that “the criminal proceeds
derived from the said offences may have been transferred to the abovementioned
accounts in Singapore” 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Applicant’s skeletal arguments at para 11

[emphasis in original].

(iv) There is no record that the second District Judge had requested for more
information or an explanation which could have led her to conclude that there
was a reasonable basis that the Account was still relevant for investigations.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Applicant’s skeletal arguments at para 41

(v) The investigations in Singapore had hit a brick wall as the CAD lacked
requisite and critical information which was not forthcoming from the Russian
authorities. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Applicant’s skeletal arguments at 12(b)

21 Alternatively, the Applicant argued that this court should order a release
of monies from the Account pursuant to s 35(7) and s 35(8) CPC for the payment
of expense incurred from the day-to-day operations of the Applicant and for
the payment of professional fees and reimbursement of any expenses incurred in
connection with the provision of legal services to the Applicant. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Applicant’s skeletal arguments at para 44

22 The amount that the Applicant is seeking for its operational expenses
comprise: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Applicant’s skeletal arguments at para 46

(a) S$3,000.00 for the provision of nominee director services (March 2018 to
February 2019);

(b) S$1,080.00 for the provision of secretarial service and registered address
(March 2018 to February 2019);

(c) S$510.00 for the “preparation of the year ended [sic] 30 September 2017
unaudited report”, annual general meeting documents and filing of annual
return;

(d) US$3,700.00 for the provision of the nominee director, secretary,
registered address, compilation report, filing of annual return and taxation
services (March 2019 to February 2020); and

(e) S$5,000.00 for the provision of legal services by counsel for the
Applicant.

The Respondent’s submissions

23 The Respondent’s submissions on the legal framework are similar to the
Applicant’s submissions (see [18]-[19] above).

24 The Respondent submits that this court should not exercise its criminal
revisionary jurisdiction as there was no substantial injustice caused in this
case.

25 Firstly, the Respondent submits that there was no substantial injustice as
there was no error in the Order. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Respondent’s Submissions dated 22 October 2019 (“Respondent’s Submissions”) at
para 11

26 In relation to the duration of the 12-month extension granted in the Order,
the Respondent argues that it was within the Applicant’s remit to write to the
Magistrate to request for the court review to be brought forward in light of
the change in circumstances, as the Applicant now wishes to be heard on the
matter. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 22

27 In relation to the grounds of granting the extension, the Respondent argues
that there was reasonable basis to believe that the funds in the Account are
the traceable proceeds of a crime, based on information provided in the 3
reports. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Respondent’s Submissions at paras 23-24

The Respondent also argues that “continued seizure is necessary to prevent the
dissipation of the funds pending their return to the persons lawfully entitled
to them”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 24

In particular, the Respondent emphasises that the 1st, 2nd and 3rd reports
“repeatedly state CAD’s intention to return the funds to their rightful
owners, which is the basis upon which CAD sought retention of the Account and
the funds therein”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 25

28 The Respondent further argues that the second District Judge should give a
wider margin of appreciation in assessing investigations that have a
substantial cross-border element, such as the Russian investigations in the
present case. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 27

Further, it was clear from the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd reports that CAD was making
progress in its investigations. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 29

29 Secondly, the Respondent submits that even if the second District Judge had
made an error, no substantial injustice was caused as the Applicant is unable
to show lawful entitlement to possession of the seized property (Oon Heng Lye
v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR 1064 (“Oon Heng Lye”) at [21]). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Respondent’s Submissions at paras 32 to 38

30 In relation to the Applicant’s submissions concerning ss 35(7)-(8) CPC, the
Respondent submits that this court does not have criminal revisionary powers
to grant the relief sought as no application has ever been made under these
sections. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 40

Alternatively, the Respondent submits that these funds should not be released
as there is no evidence to show that the release of funds are necessary for
the Applicant’s day-to-day expenses or its legal fees. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 50

Decision of this court

Issues

31 The issues before this court are:

(a) Whether criminal revision should be ordered to set aside the Order and
grant the release of the funds; or

(b) Whether this court should order release of such amount to the Applicant as
is sufficient for the payment of expenses stipulated under ss 35(7)-(8) CPC.

32 I am satisfied that neither of the above should be granted and I set out my
reasons below.

The legal framework for criminal revision of an order under s 370 CPC

Criminal revisionary jurisdiction of the High Court

33 It is uncontentious that this court should exercise its criminal
revisionary jurisdiction only if there is substantial injustice caused (Oon
Heng Lye at [14]). It has been emphasised but bears repeating that a criminal
revision is not an appeal. Such substantial injustice will be caused if there
is no basis in law for the continued seizure (Jeremy Lee at [112]).

Legal basis for the seizure

34 The legal basis for the initial seizure of the Account and the funds
therein in the present case is s 35(1)(a) CPC. In comparison, the continued
seizure is governed by s 370 CPC.

35 Section 370(1) of the CPC reads:

370.—(1) If a law enforcement officer seizes any property in the exercise of
any power under section 35 or 78, the law enforcement officer must make a
report of the seizure to the relevant court at the earlier of the following
times:

(a) when the law enforcement officer considers that the property is not
relevant for the purposes of any investigation, inquiry, trial or other
proceeding under any written law;

(b) one year after the date of seizure of the property.

36 Upon receiving a s 370(1) CPC report, the court must make an order as
stipulated under s 370(2) CPC.

Which version of s 370(2) of the CPC applies

37 It is pertinent to point out that s 370 CPC had been repealed in its
entirety and replaced with a new version, with effect from 31 October 2018,
pursuant to s 100 of the Criminal Justice Reform Act 2018 (No. 19 of 2018)
(“CJRA”). This means that the old version of s 370 CPC was in force on 25
October 2018, which was the date of the court review when the Respondent
applied for an extension of the seizure, whilst the new version of s 370 CPC
was in force on 27 February 2019, the date when the second District Judge
passed the Order.

38 Parties did not make clear submissions on the issue of which version of s
370 CPC applies. The Applicant, in a footnote, submits that the old version of
s 370 CPC should apply but did not set out any reasons in support. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Applicant’s skeletal arguments at footnote 2

The Respondent did not make any submissions on which version should apply but
simply cites the new version of s 370 CPC in its submissions. For
completeness, the issue will be dealt with briefly in this judgment.

39 The new version of ss 370(1) and 370(3) CPC are essentially the same as the
old version, however, there are material differences in the two versions of s
370(2) CPC. The two versions of s 370(2) CPC are set out in a table here for
comparison:

Old s 370(2) CPC| New s 370(2) CPC  
---|---  
(2) Subject to subsection (3), the Magistrate’s Court must, upon the receipt of such report referred to in subsection (1), make such order as it thinks fit respecting the delivery of the property to the person entitled to the possession of it or, if that person cannot be ascertained, respecting the custody and production of the property. | (2) Subject to subsection (3), and to any provisions on forfeiture, confiscation, destruction or delivery in any other written law under which property may be seized, the relevant court must, upon receiving a report mentioned in subsection (1), make such of the following orders as may be applicable:(a) in any case where the property consists of a computer and any data stored in the computer, and the relevant court is satisfied that an offence was committed in respect of the data, or that the data was used or intended to be used to commit an offence — an order for —(i) the deletion of the data from the computer, and the delivery of the computer (after the deletion of the data) to the person entitled to possession of the computer; or(ii) if that person cannot be ascertained, the deletion of the data from the computer, and the custody and production of the computer (after the deletion of the data);(b) in any case where the relevant court is satisfied that an offence was committed in respect of the property, or that the property was used or intended to be used to commit an offence—such order as the relevant court thinks fit for the disposal of the property;(c) in any case where the relevant court is satisfied that the property consists of anything into which any property mentioned in paragraph (b) has been converted, anything for which any property mentioned in paragraph (b) has been exchanged, or anything acquired (whether immediately or later) by this conversion or exchange — such order as the relevant court thinks fit for the disposal of the property;(d) in any case where the relevant court is satisfied that the property does not consist of any property mentioned in paragraph (a), (b) or (c), and the person entitled to possession of the property consents to the use of the property for compensation or restitution, or to the forfeiture of the property — such order as the relevant court thinks fit for the disposal of the property;(e) in any other case, an order relating to —(i) the delivery of the property to the person entitled to possession of the property; or(ii) if that person cannot be ascertained, the custody and production of the property.  
  
40 The old s 370(2) CPC is in pari materia with the new s 370(2)(e) CPC and
essentially requires the Magistrate to make an order as it thinks fit
respecting the delivery of the seized property to the person entitled to the
possession of it. The difference in the new s 370(2) CPC is that this
requirement is further subject to ss 370(2)(a)-(d) CPC such that s 370(2)(e)
will not apply if the property falls within one of the categories in ss
370(2)(a) to 370(2)(d). This difference may hence affect the relief that is
available to a person who is entitled to possession of the seized property.

41 It should be noted that it is not entirely clear which version of s 370(2)
CPC applies as s 128 of the CJRA which deals with saving and transitional
provisions, the 2nd Reading of the Criminal Justice Reform Bill 2018 (Bill 14
of 2018) found in Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report, (19 March
2018) vol 94 at
https://sprs.parl.gov.sg/search/fullreport?sittingdate=19-03-2018 (14 January
2020), as well as the Explanatory Statement to the Criminal Justice Reform
Bill 2018 (Bill 14 of 2018) are all silent as to which version of s 370 CPC
should apply. In the absence of any express provision, and if it had been
necessary to decide this issue, I would have been inclined to find that the
provision at the time of the latest application for continued seizure should
apply.

42 It is not necessary for me to reach a decision on which version of  
s 370(2) CPC applies as regardless of which version of s 370 is considered,  
s 370(2) CPC will not apply if s 370(3) CPC applies, and I find that s 370(3)
CPC applies in the present case (see below).

Section 370(3) CPC and the requirement for reasonable basis

43 Under both versions of the CPC, s 370(2) CPC is subject to s 370(3) CPC.
Section 370(3) CPC reads:

(3) The relevant court must not dispose of the property if —

(a) there is any pending court proceeding under any written law in relation to
the property; or

(b) the relevant court is satisfied that the property is relevant for the
purposes of any investigation, inquiry, trial or other proceeding under any
written law.

44 Under s 370(3) CPC, the Magistrate must not dispose of the property if: (a)
there is any pending court proceeding under any written law in relation to the
property in respect of which the report referred to in s 370(1) is made; or
(b) it is satisfied that such property is relevant for the purposes of any:
(1) investigation; (2) inquiry; (3) trial; or (4) other proceeding under any
written law. This list of four purposes in s 370(3) is exhaustive.

45 It should be pointed out that under the previous version of s 370(3) CPC,
the phrase “other proceeding under any written law” was originally “other
proceeding under this Code”. This difference is not material, as the
Respondent did not make submissions that the seized funds are relevant for
either proceedings under the CPC, or proceedings under any written law, and
does not appear to be relying on this ground of relevancy. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Respondent’s Submissions at pp 11-18

46 In determining whether the property is relevant for a s 370(3) CPC purpose,
there should be enough information put before the court so that the Magistrate
can have a reasonable basis for concluding that these statutory requirements
are met (Rajendar at [48]):

48 The Prosecution would also have to inform the Magistrate of the
justification for the extension and of such facts as form the basis of its
request. I accept that notwithstanding the passage of a year since the
seizure, investigations might not yet be complete. But this does not mean that
a bland assertion from the IO to the effect that investigations are continuing
and that the seized assets are relevant will suffice. In such circumstances,
the Magistrate would be entitled to some explanation for the delay. The short
point is that the Magistrate should be provided with such information as would
enable her to be satisfied that there is a reasonable basis for thinking that
the seized property is “relevant for the purposes of any investigation,
inquiry, trial or other proceeding under [the CPC]” if, as is the case here,
that is the basis on which the required extension is being sought.

[emphasis in original]

47 Further, sufficient information has to be put before the court, otherwise,
no real purpose is served by the involvement of the court (Rajendar at [49]):

… [if insufficient information is put before the court], the Magistrate would
be reduced to acting in a purely formal role to endorse whatever she was
presented with, without any basis for satisfying herself that these assertions
were validly made, and it is meaningless in such circumstances to speak of
judicial oversight of the seizure process, as was contemplated in [Mustafa
CA].

48 The threshold for the information required is higher than that for the
initial seizure (Rajendar at [50]):

50 In my judgment, the threshold for continued seizure under s 370 of the CPC
should be and is more stringent than the threshold for initial seizure under s
35 of the CPC. This follows from the fact that:

(a) by the time the matter is reviewed under s 370, a period of up to one year
would have passed;

(b) judicial oversight is introduced at this stage and this is only
meaningful, as I have noted above, if the court is presented with enough
information to assess and calibrate the balance between the private interests
of an applicant who has not yet been convicted and the public interest in the
contemplated prosecution; and

(c) otherwise, the only remedy in respect of a seizure under s 35 would be
judicial review, which as I have noted at [41] above presents a demanding
threshold to meet given the broad powers conferred upon the Police by s 35.

[emphasis in original]

49 In summary, therefore, an extension should be supported by:

(a) Sufficient information instead of mere bland or bald assertions;

(b) Information on the state of investigations; and

(c) Timelines on the expected progress of the investigations.

50 In determining whether the information disclosed is sufficient to provide
reasonable basis for thinking that the seized property is relevant to a
specified purpose under s 370(3), the court is entitled to take into account,
inter alia, the period which has elapsed since the property was first seized,
and the nature of the wrongdoing which gave rise to the investigation or
inquiry (Mustafa CA at [84]). The longer the period the property has been
seized and detained, the greater will be the justification needed to show that
it is still relevant to the investigation or inquiry (Mustafa CA at [84]).

Section 370(2) CPC and the requirement for lawful entitlement

51 Section 370(2) CPC applies if s 370(3) CPC does not apply. Under  
s 370(2) CPC (s 370(2)(e) of the new version), an order to release the seized
funds to the person seeking release is only required when the person seeking
release proves that he is entitled to the possession of the property. In Oon
Heng Lye at [46], Chief Justice Sundaresh Menon interpreted the phrase
“entitled to the possession” to mean that “the person in question must be able
to show that the property was ‘legally acquired by him’”.

52 Although the relevant provision that was interpreted in Oon Heng Lye was s
392(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC 1985”), I am
of the view that the reasoning in Oon Heng Lye can be extended to the present
case.

53 Firstly, s 392(1) CPC 1985 appears to be the predecessor provision to s
370(2) CPC as the two provisions are substantially similar. Section 392(1) CPC
1985 reads:

392.—(1) The seizure by any police officer of property taken under section 29
or alleged or suspected to have been stolen, or found under circumstances
which create suspicion of the commission of any offence shall be forthwith
reported to a Magistrate’s Court which shall make such order as it thinks fit
respecting the delivery of the property to the person entitled to the
possession of it or, if that person cannot be ascertained, respecting the
custody and production of the property.

54 Pursuant to the Criminal Procedure Code Bill (Bill 11 of 2010), s 392(1)
CPC 1985 was removed and s 370 CPC was added instead. The two provisions are
similar as they deal with the procedure after police have seized property, and
both set out the situations where a court must make an order as it thinks fit,
including ordering delivery of the seized property to the person entitled to
the possession of it. Given the similar wording, Oon Heng Lye can be extended
to the present case. Oon Heng Lye in itself was an extension of the rule in
previous cases, as the provision in Oon Heng Lye was similarly worded to those
previous cases (Oon Heng Lye at [47]).

55 Secondly, more than anything else, the reasoning in Oon Heng Lye is
persuasive. Oon Heng Lye distinguished actual possession from lawful
entitlement to possession and held that a person in actual possession may not
be the person in lawful possession, depending on the circumstances (Oon Heng
Lye at [49]). A person in actual possession of traceable proceeds of a crime
has no basis for asserting any enforceable proprietary interest in such
property (Oon Heng Lye at [49]). Instead, the person seeking delivery of the
property has the burden of proof of showing such lawful entitlement to
possession (Oon Heng Lye at [46]; s 103 of Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev
Ed)). The distinction drawn in that case between “actual possession” and
“entitlement to possession” is logical and since s 370(2) CPC requires
“entitlement to possession”, it should be a requirement for the person seeking
delivery to prove lawful entitlement.

56 I also note that the High Court in Jeremy Lee had similarly extended the
rule in Oon Heng Lye to apply to s 370 CPC (Jeremy Lee at [115]).

57 For these reasons, I find that the reasoning in Oon Heng Lye is similarly
applicable to s 370(2) CPC. Since a person not legally entitled to possession
has no legal right to demand delivery of the property to him, substantive
injustice will only be caused to a person who can prove that he is legally
entitled to possession (Oon Heng Lye at [55]).

Application to the facts

Reasonable basis

58 The first question then is whether the second District Judge had a
reasonable basis for believing that the seized funds were relevant for one of
the specified purposes under s 370(3) CPC.

59 As set out above at paragraph 27, the Respondent submitted that the seized
funds are relevant for the purposes of preventing the dissipation of the
assets, and for returning them to their rightful owners.

60 However, the Respondent’s stated purpose for the continued seizure differs
from the second District Judge’s Order. The second District Judge in the Order
specifically ordered for the “[e]nforcement agency to retain the seized
property for the purposes of investigations”, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at Tab 7

and made no mention about preventing dissipation of funds or returning of
funds to the rightful owner.

61 In my view, the Respondent’s newly stated purpose should be disregarded as
the issue is not whether this court has reasonable basis to believe that the
seized property is relevant to the Respondent’s newly stated purpose. Instead,
the issue is whether the second District Judge had reasonable basis to believe
that the seized property is relevant to the purpose stated in the Order,
namely, for the purposes of investigations. This issue should hence be
examined in relation to the second District Judge’s Order and not the
Respondent’s newly stated purpose.

62 In any event, it is unclear if the Respondent’s newly stated purpose even
falls within the ambit of one of the four specified purposes set out in s
370(3) CPC. At face value, the purpose of preventing dissipation of assets and
returning assets to their rightful owner does not seem to fall within the
ambit of either: (1) investigation; (2) inquiry; (3) trial; or (4) other
proceeding under any written law.

63 In Rajendar, Menon CJ held that an extension of seizure under s 370 CPC can
be allowed for the purpose of preserving assets for a disposal order under s
364 CPC (Rajendar at [49]). However, the Respondent themselves distinguished
the case of Rajendar by stating that extension of the seizure of funds in that
case was for the purposes of obtaining a disposal order under s 364 CPC,
whereas in the present case, the seizure is sought for the purpose of
returning the funds to the rightful owner lawfully entitled to them. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 26

The former would constitute a “proceeding under this Code” and would fall
under the ambit of one of the s 370(3) CPC purposes, whereas the latter would
not. The Respondent did not make any submissions on how its newly stated
purpose for the extended seizure falls under one of the four specified
purposes under s 370(3) CPC.

64 In addition, the Respondent’s newly stated purpose for the continued
seizure seems to contradict the three reports. Contrary to the assertion of
the Respondent, there is nothing in the 1st, 2nd and 3rd report explicitly
stating CAD’s intention to return the funds to the rightful owners. Even if
such intention can be implied, it was not stated that this was the basis of
the continued seizure sought. Instead, the 1st and 2nd reports make clear that
the basis for seeking extended seizure was that the funds were relevant to
investigations. Paragraph 7 of the 1st report states that “the seized property
continues to be relevant to investigations”, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at Tab 1

and accordingly, the first District Judge issued an order of court stating
that “[e]nforcement agency to retain the seized property for the purposes of
investigations”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at Tab 2

Similarly, paragraph 7 of the 2nd report states that “the seized property
continues to be relevant for investigations”, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at Tab 4

and accordingly, the first District Judge issued an order of court ordering
the “[e]nforcement agency to retain the seized property for the purposes of
investigations”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at Tab 5

Peculiarly, the 3rd report does not explicitly mention that the seized
property continues to be relevant for investigations. Instead, it removed the
phrase “for investigations” in paragraph 7 and simply stated that the “seized
property continues to be relevant”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at Tab 6

It is unclear what CAD’s intention in removing this phrase was, as the 3rd
Report is vague and does not provide a clear basis for seeking the extension.
As a result, the second District Judge granted the extension for purposes of
investigations.

65 The issue that has to be resolved is whether the second District Judge had
a reasonable basis for believing that the seized funds were relevant for
investigations.

66 I do accept that the second District Judge had sufficient information to
provide reasonable basis for believing that the seized property is relevant to
investigations:

(a) The CAD had provided a report stating that the authorities in the Russian
Federation are investigating Boytsov for allegedly embezzling a minimum of RUB
4 billion from a state-owned shipyard construction project; 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at Tab 6 at para 4

(b) Boytsov was the sole shareholder of the Applicant at the time that the
Account was seized, and the entire sum of US$2,935,594.62 was in the Account
at that time;

(c) RUB 4 billion is approximately US$65,360,00.00, and this is significantly
more than the US$2,935,594.62 which was seized which means that there is a
possibility that the entire sum of the seized funds was from the embezzled
Russian funds;

(d) CAD had also commenced an investigation into the Applicant under s 47 of
the Corruption, Drug Trafficking And Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation Of
Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) in relation to the seized funds; 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at Tab 6 at para 5

and

(e) CAD investigation revealed that the seized funds are traceable to the
Russian authorities’ investigation. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Liu Kaili’s affidavit at Tab 6 at para 5

67 Nevertheless, it must be emphasized that the above information was only
just sufficient at this stage of proceedings and by the next court review,
more information should be provided given the substantial time that has
already passed.

68 I appreciate that it is difficult to estimate the time that may be taken by
investigations. But the longer investigations are carried out, the greater the
degree of clarity one would expect, unless complications arise. If there are
such complications, they should be stated. It would not be either realistic or
useful to specify the degree of detail or support that is required. If at one
end of the spectrum, bald statements are not sufficient, at the other end, one
would not require copious details or extensive support. What is stated should
at least show that the extension is bona fide, that there are investigations
still ongoing, and what progress has been made or not made since the last
report, and at least a brief explanation for any delay or need for further
time.

69 It is appreciated that cross-border crimes may be complex, and that there
will generally be some delay in communications with foreign agencies, as both
the local and foreign investigative and prosecution agencies will need to work
through their own structures in requesting and responding to requests, as well
as in clarifying matters. In a large jurisdiction such as Russia, this may
sometimes require communications between the headquarters or capital and
officers further afield, through its own chain of communications. On the other
hand, the rights of the persons affected by the seizure also need to be
considered; the court needs to balance facilitating investigations while
ensuring that any release is not unduly or inappropriately held up.

70 I note that the Applicant argues that the level of certainty in the CAD’s
own reports about the traceability of the funds to the subject of the alleged
offences appeared to have gone down, as compared to the initial reports.
Nevertheless, this did not indicate the lack of reasonable basis by the second
District Judge.

71 But on the next round one would expect, if things have not yet been brought
to a conclusion, at least such information as would explain the need for
further investigations, and what has happened in the meantime. As judgment is
issued shortly before the next court review, it may be appropriate for the
next Magistrate to consider a shorter extension to allow further details to be
given at an intermediate point in time, rather than giving the maximum twelve
month extension.

72 Since there is reasonable basis for the second District Judge’s Order, s
370(3) CPC is satisfied and there is no need to discuss whether the Applicant
is entitled to possession under s 370(2) CPC. However, for completeness, I
will proceed to do so.

Lawful entitlement to possession

73 I accept the contentions of the Respondent that the Applicant has failed to
show that it is lawfully entitled to the possession of the funds. It is
insufficient to show that the funds were seized from the Applicant. Some
evidence should be disclosed to show that the funds were lawfully obtained, or
that there was some legitimate source, whether from investments, trading or
otherwise. Without this, the Applicant would not be able to make out a right
to the possession of those funds. Such evidence was not presented in the
present case.

74 The following factors further cast doubt that the Applicant has lawful
entitlement to possession of the funds:

(a) On 22 February 2017, Boytsov sold all his shares in the Applicant to Ang
for US$10,000.00, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Tan Ruiyun’s affidavit at Tab A

which raises a significant doubt about why Boytsov would sell his company at
such a significant undervalue if he had legal entitlement to the funds;

(b) On 1 March 2018, all the shares in the Applicant were transferred from Ang
to Liu for consideration of S$1.00, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Tan Ruiyun’s affidavit at Tab B

which raises a significant doubt about why Ang would sell his company at such
a significant undervalue if he had legal entitlement to the funds; and

(c) Liu was unable to provide any explanation about how the Applicant came to
acquire the seized funds and was also unable to explain the business that the
Applicant carried out, if any, and was hence unable to provide any support for
the Applicant’s legal entitlement to the funds. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 37

75 Hence, the Applicant has failed to show lawful entitlement to the funds and
no substantial injustice would be caused to the Applicant even if there had
been no reasonable basis for the second District Judge to make the Order.

Release of funds under ss 35(7)-(8) CPC

76 No application for a s 35(7) or s 35(8) CPC order was made before the
second District Judge. The second District Judge hence did not pass any
“judgment, sentence or order” pertaining to these provisions and the criminal
revisionary jurisdiction of this court does not arise with respect to this
issue. Where no application on a specific order was in fact made, the
appropriate outcome would generally be to leave it to the Applicant to make
that application before the original court.

77 In any event, I agree with the Respondent that there was insufficient
evidence of the need for such payment.

Miscellaneous

78 The Respondent argues that the proper course should have been for the
applicant to have sought review by the Magistrate of the current extension at
an earlier date. I am not certain that this is a strong enough argument to
deflect a criminal revision if the grounds had been made out: if there was
substantial injustice in that there were insufficient grounds for an
extension, there was no need to go back to the Magistrate; doing so would in
effect allow the investigation agency a mulligan.

Conclusion

79 There was no substantial injustice caused to the Applicant and criminal
revision is not warranted in this case. The application is hence dismissed.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Pereira Russell Si-Hao, Liu Guiliang and Lum Kwong Hoe Melvin (WongPartnership
LLP) for the Applicant;  
Vincent Ong and Lee Jing Yan (Attorney General’s Chambers) for the Respondent;

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

