Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 167

Suit No 521 of 2017

Between

GA ENGINEERING PTE LTD

… Plaintiff

And

SUN MOON CONSTRUCTION PTE LTD

… Defendant

And

SUN MOON CONSTRUCTION PTE LTD

… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

GA ENGINEERING PTE LTD

… Defendant in Counterclaim

JUDGMENT

[Building and Construction Law] — [Building and construction contracts] —
[Lump sum contract]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Sub-contracts] — [Incorporation of main
contract terms]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Damages] — [Damages for defects]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
GA Engineering Pte Ltd

  
  
v

  
  
Sun Moon Construction Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 167

High Court — Suit No 521 of 2017–4 July, 9 September 2019

6 August 2020 Judgment reserved.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 This action arises out of a lump sum contract which the plaintiff and the
defendant entered into in June 2014 (the “Subcontract”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at paras 1 to 3.

Under the Subcontract, the defendant as subcontractor undertook to design,
supply and install various furnishings for the plaintiff as main contractor
(the “Works”). The Works included a glass curtain wall system, aluminium and
glazing works and a feature wall for a freehold industrial development (the
“Project”). The Subcontract price was $2.19m. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 5.

2 The Temporary Occupation Permit (“TOP”) for the Project was issued in June
2016. The architect issued the Certificate of Completion (“CoC”) in November
2016, but with retrospective effect from July 2016. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 22.

From July 2016 to December 2016, the plaintiff handed over completed units to
individual subsidiary proprietors. The Building and Construction Authority of
Singapore (“BCA”) issued the Certificate of Statutory Completion (“CSC”) in
August 2017. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 2; Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 2,
p633.

The parties’ claims

3 The plaintiff’s case is that the defendant has breached the Subcontract by:
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 8.

(a) installing defective glass in the glass curtain wall;

(b) failing to submit as-built drawings and the 10-year warranty;

(c) failing to ensure the water-tightness of the glass curtain wall and/or the
aluminium and glazing works;

(d) failing to install compliant doors at the seventh-storey; and

(e) failing to construct the feature wall in compliance with approved shop
drawings.

4 The defendant rejects the plaintiff’s claim and brings a counterclaim for
the following: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at pp 29–30.

(a) an order that cll 2.6 and 2.12 of the Subcontract be struck out on the
basis of both clauses being unenforceable for uncertainty;

(b) rectification of the Subcontract to add the word “certificate” after the
words “main contract completion” at line 2 of cl 20.2 of the Subcontract;

(c) the following sums:

(i) $327,333.75 as the unpaid balance due to the defendant under the
Subcontract;

(ii) $24,717 for costs which the defendant incurred in Adjudication
Application No 334 of 2016 arising out of the parties’ dispute (“the
adjudication application”);

(iii) $54,750 being 50% of the 5% retention sum which the plaintiff holds
under cl 20.2 of the Subcontract; 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 35; Oral Closing Submissions, 9
September 2019.

and

(d) an alternative claim for damages to be assessed in respect of the items at
(c) above.

The issues to be determined

5 This action has been bifurcated. Accordingly, I am in this trial concerned
only with liability. There will be a separate assessment of damages to fix
quantum.

6 The issues on liability which I have to determine on the plaintiff’s claim
are:

(a) Whether the alleged defects in the glass curtain wall amount to a breach
of the Subcontract (“Glass Defects Issue”)?

(b) Whether the defendant breached the Subcontract by failing to submit as-
built drawings and the 10-year joint warranty (“Outstanding Submissions
Issue”)?

(c) Whether the defendant breached the Subcontract by failing to ensure that
the aluminium and glazing works were sufficiently watertight (“Water Tightness
Issue”)?

(d) Whether the defendant breached the Subcontract by failing to ensure
sufficient headroom for the doors at the seventh storey, as well as failing to
orient the thresholds for the balcony doors at the seventh storey to ensure
water tightness (“Doors Issue”)?

(e) Whether the defendant breached the Subcontract by installing non-compliant
panels in the feature wall and by failing to supply a certificate of
conformity for certain aluminium composite panels which the defendant
installed in the Feature Wall (“Feature Wall Issues”)?

7 The issues on liability which I have to determine on the defendant’s
counterclaim – insofar as those issues have not otherwise been dealt with in
determining the plaintiff’s claim – are:

(a) Whether the defendant completed the Works, thereby entitling it to be paid
the unpaid balance of the Subcontract price (“Completion Issue”)?

(b) Whether the defendant is entitled to have the plaintiff release to the
defendant 50% of the 5% retention sum under the Subcontract (“Retention
Issue”)?

(c) Whether the defendant is entitled to recover from the plaintiff the costs
of the adjudication (“Adjudication Costs Issue”)?

8 Having considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I have arrived
at the following findings on the defendant’s liability on the plaintiff’s
claim:

(a) The defendant is liable to the plaintiff on the Glass Defects Issue,
though not in respect of all of the breaches alleged by the plaintiff;

(b) The defendant is liable to the plaintiff on the Outstanding Submissions
issue;

(c) The defendant is not liable to the plaintiff on the Water Tightness Issue;

(d) On the Doors Issue, the defendant is liable to the plaintiff for failing
to ensure sufficient headroom for the doors at the seventh storey, but is not
liable to the plaintiff for water ingress arising from the misoriented
thresholds for the seventh-storey balcony doors;

(e) The defendant is liable to the plaintiff for the Feature Wall Issues.

9 I have also arrived at the following findings on the plaintiff’s liability
on the defendant’s counterclaim:

(a) The defendant did complete the Works and is entitled to be paid the unpaid
balance of the lump sum which has fallen contractually due under the
Subcontract;

(b) The defendant is entitled to be paid 50% of the retention sum of 5% of the
price of the Subcontract, amounting to $54,750;

(c) The defendant is not entitled to recover the costs it incurred in the
adjudication application as damages in this action for the plaintiff’s breach
of contract.

The Glass Defects Issue

10 The Glass Defects Issue concerns white spots, specks and bubbles which
appeared on the glass panels (collectively, the “Glass Defects”) which the
defendant installed as part of the glass curtain wall for the Project. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p56(24) to 56(32); Plaintiff’s Closing
Submissions at para 16.

It is common ground that the Glass Defects were not present when the glass was
installed and began to appear only after TOP was issued in June 2016. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Notes of Evidence, 4 July 2019, p5(16) to 5(32).

11 The parties carried out a series of joint inspections on-site from July
2016 to October 2016. They were unable to resolve the issue. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Notes of Evidence, 4 July 2019, p6(1) to 6(12).

12 The plaintiff initially employed the term “Delamination Defects” to
describe the Glass Defects in its statement of claim. However, the plaintiff
confirmed at a pre-trial conference that “delamination” was used as a
shorthand term to refer to the Glass Defects and not in its technical sense to
mean a defect such as the Polyvinyl Butyral (“PVB”) layer between the sheets
of laminated glass becoming detached. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p4(32) to 5(15); Plaintiff’s Closing
Submissions at para 17.

I shall proceed to determine the Glass Defects Issue on this basis.

The parties’ positions

13 The plaintiff argues that the appearance of the Glass Defects constitutes
breaches of various terms of the Subcontract. The plaintiff accepts that it is
the white spots and specks which form the bulk of the Glass Defects. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Oral Closing Submissions, 9 September 2019.

14 The plaintiff’s case is that the Glass Defects are a failure to comply with
cll 2.2.1(a) and 2.2.8(b) of the Architectural Specifications (“AS”) in the
main contract as well as with cll 3.3.7(b) and 3.3.7(c) of the National
Productivity and Quality Specifications (“NPQS”) in the main contract
(collectively, “Glass Specifications”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 19 to 20.

These Glass Specifications are incorporated into the Subcontract by cll 8.1
and/or 2.2 of the Subcontract. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 19 to 20.

The Glass Defects are also a failure to meet the specification contained in
Appendix A of the Subcontract (“Appendix A Specification”).

15 The defendant submits that it has not failed to meet any of the Glass
Specifications and the Appendix A Specification. First, the Glass
Specifications and Appendix A of the Subcontract are of no contractual force
between the plaintiff and the defendant because they were never validly
incorporated into the Subcontract. Second, even if the Glass Specifications
have been incorporated into the Subcontract by express reference: (a) the
Glass Specifications are concerned only with the surfaces of the glass panels
rather than the coating applied to them; and (b) the white spots have not
caused any obstruction of vision and there is no suggestion that the
emissivity function of the glass coatings is impaired. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 95 to 99.

Third, the plaintiff refused to allow the defendant an opportunity to rectify
and replace the glass panels. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 122.

Is the plaintiff entitled to recover substantial damages?

16 I begin by considering a preliminary objection raised by the defendant. The
defendant argues that the plaintiff is not entitled to claim substantial
damages against the defendant because the Glass Defects caused no actual loss
to the plaintiff. With the exception of a few replacement works that the
plaintiff allegedly carried out in units #03-07, #05-05, #05-06 and #06-03 of
the Project, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at para 41, p99 to 115.

the plaintiff has suffered no loss as a result of the Glass Defects. Further,
neither the owner nor the individual subsidiary proprietors of any of the
units in the Project have commenced any legal proceedings against the
plaintiff or have sought to recover any damages from the plaintiff for the
Glass Defects. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p91(21) to 91(29).

The plaintiff thus has not suffered any loss. It should therefore not be
entitled to recover damages from the defendant for the Glass Defects.

17 The general rule is, of course, that a plaintiff is entitled to recover
damages only for loss which a breach of contract causes the plaintiff itself
to suffer. The plaintiff, however, relies on the exceptions to that rule
recognised by the Singapore Court of Appeal in Chia Kok Leong and another v
Prosperland Pte Ltd [2005] 2 SLR(R) 484 (“Prosperland”) and Family Food Court
(a firm) v Seah Boon Lock and another (trading as Boon Lock Duck and Noodle
House) [2008] 4 SLR(R) 272 (“Family Food Court”).

18 In Prosperland, the Court of Appeal considered whether a developer was
entitled to recover substantial damages from the architect it engaged to
design and supervise the construction of a condominium. By the time of the
action, the developer had divested ownership of the condominium to the MCST
and the subsidiary proprietors. The developer had not spent any of its own
money to repair the defects. And the MCST had not sued the developer in
respect of the defects.

19 The Court of Appeal held that the developer was nevertheless entitled in
principle to recover substantial damages from the architects. In arriving at
this holding, Chao Hick Tin JA recognised two exceptions to the general rule
set out at [17] above.

20 One exception is the “narrow ground”. This allows a plaintiff to recover
substantial damages on behalf of a third party. The narrow ground is
applicable where it is in the contemplation of the parties at the time of
contracting that the plaintiff will transfer its proprietary interest in the
subject-matter of the contract to a third party after contracting and before
the defendant’s breach occurs. If that is within both parties’ contemplation
at the time of contracting, the plaintiff is to be treated in law as having
entered into the contract for the benefit of all persons who have or may
acquire an interest in the property which is the subject-matter of the
contract before it is lost or damaged (Prosperland at [12], citing The
Albazero [1977] AC 774; Family Food Court at [58]).

21 The second exception to the general rule is the “broad ground”. This ground
allows a plaintiff to recover substantial damages for the loss of its
performance interest in not receiving the benefit of the bargain for which it
contracted. The measure of damages is the cost of securing the performance of
that bargain (Prosperland at [17] and [19], citing St Martins Property
Corporation Ltd v Sir Robert McAlpine Ltd [1994] 1 AC 85).

22 The plaintiff submits that it is entitled to recover substantial damages
from the defendant under both the “narrow ground” and the “broad ground”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Oral Closing Submissions, 9 September 2019.

In response, the defendant points to three distinguishing features of
Prosperland. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Oral Closing Submissions, 9 September 2019.

23 First, this action is not one between an owner and its architect, as in
Prosperland. This action is one between a main contractor and a subcontractor.
To extend the exceptions in Prosperland to the present case would be
unwarranted. The matrix of legal relationships is such that there is no real
risk that a main contractor will be found liable to subsidiary proprietors or
their tenants.

24 Second, Prosperland concerned residential property, whereas the present
case deals with industrial property. Therefore, the consumer-protection
considerations in the Prosperland case are not readily applicable to this
action.

25 Third, the decision in Prosperland rested on a proprietary base. The
plaintiff in Prosperland had a proprietary interest in the subject-matter of
the contract and entered into the contract under a larger transaction in which
it intended in due course to convey its proprietary interest to third parties.
The fundamental point in Prosperland was that both parties contemplated that
the contract they entered into would be for the benefit of those third parties
who would ultimately acquire and hold the proprietary interest in the subject-
matter of the contract. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Oral Closing Submissions, 9 September 2019.

26 I agree with the defendant. In so far as the “narrow ground” exception is
concerned, Prosperland is distinguishable from the present case. It suffices
to rely only on the final ground advanced by the defendant. In this case, the
plaintiff is merely a main contractor who has no proprietary interest in the
subject-matter of the contract let alone an intent to transfer any such
proprietary interest to third parties. I therefore hold that the plaintiff is
unable to rely on the “narrow ground” exception to recover substantial damages
from the defendant in this action.

27 However, I accept that the plaintiff is entitled to rely on the “broad
ground” exception. The “broad ground” exception “constitutes an integral part
of the common law of contract where protection of the performance interest –
ie, the plaintiff/promisee’s interest in the contract being performed and
(consequently) his receiving the benefit which he had contracted for – is
concerned” (Family Food Court at [34]). Indeed, the Court of Appeal in
Prosperland went so far as to characterise the “broad ground” exception as
“probably more consistent with principle” (at [52]).

28 In Family Food Court, Andrew Phang JA explained that the performance
interest claimed by the plaintiff/promisee must be a genuine one. The court
will “apply an objective test of reasonableness to the performance interest
claimed so as to curb what would otherwise be a windfall accruing to the
plaintiff/promisee” (at [53], citing Ruxley Electronics and Construction Ltd.
v Forsyth [1996] 1 AC 344).

29 Given that it is “broad ground” which entitles the plaintiff to recover
substantial damages for the loss it has suffered in not getting the benefit it
contracted for, it should not be a prerequisite for the plaintiff to show that
it has already carried out the repairs or intends to do so in order to recover
substantial damages (Prosperland at [57]).

30 In other words, the plaintiff has an expectation interest arising from the
Subcontract that the defendant will carry out the Works in accordance with the
Subcontract. The law of contract will vindicate that interest with an award of
substantial damages. The corollary is that the defendant’s breach of contract
in itself entitles the plaintiff to recover substantial damages for the loss
of its performance interest. The plaintiff’s entitlement to recover
substantial damages does not require a proprietary base, whether at the time
of contracting, at the time of breach or at the time of action. The Court of
Appeal in Prosperland comprehensively considered concerns about the defendant
being exposed to multiple liability for the same breach and deemed them to be
more apparent than real (at [29] and [52]).

31 Hence, the plaintiff is entitled to recover substantial damages from the
defendant if the defendant is found to be in breach of the Subcontract.

Have the Glass Specifications been incorporated into the Subcontract?

The parties’ submissions

32 The defendant submits that the Glass Specifications were not incorporated
into the Subcontract. It advances three arguments. First, the allegation that
the Glass Specifications are incorporated into the Subcontract is an
afterthought. The plaintiff made no reference to the Glass Specifications as
being incorporated into the Subcontract until it amended its pleading almost
two years after commencing this action. Second, the plaintiff never gave the
defendant a copy of the main contract. Finally, the Glass Specifications came
into existence only after the Subcontract. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 14.

Hence, the Glass Specifications are of no contractual force between the
plaintiff and the defendant, and the defendant cannot be liable for any
failure to meet those specifications.

33 The plaintiff submits that the Glass Specifications are incorporated, by
express reference, into the Subcontract from the main contract. The
incorporating clauses are cll 8.1 and 24.1(b) of the Subcontract, which
provide that the terms of the main contract which relate to, affect or apply
to the Works are incorporated into the Subcontract: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, p39 to 45.

8.1 The Sub-Contractor shall be deemed to have full knowledge of the
provisions of the Main Contract other than the details of the Main
Contractor’s pricing and shall observe and comply with all provisions of the
Main Contract relating, affecting or applicable to the Sub-Contract works as
if all the same were severally set out therein. A copy of which may be
inspected at the Main Contractor’s office.

…

24.1 The following documents shall form part of this contract

(a) This letter of award and the attached warranties format (APPENDIX C).

(b) All main contract documents, drawings and specifications containing,
relating and/or concerning the sub-contract works scope shall mutatis mutandis
be applicable to the subcontractor.

(c) Your products’ test results, technical data and drawings that are approved
by the Architect.

[emphasis added]

The law on incorporation

34 The principles on the incorporation of contractual terms are well-
established. The approach to determine whether terms are incorporated is the
orthodox objective approach: the law “adopts an objective approach towards
questions of contractual formation and the incorporation of terms” (R1
International Pte Ltd v Lonstroff AG [2015] 1 SLR 521 (“Lonstroff”) at [51]).

35 Whether a set of terms has been incorporated into a contract thus turns on
ascertaining the parties’ objective intentions from their correspondence and
conduct assessed in light of the relevant background. The relevant background
includes the particular industry in which the parties operate, the character
of the document which contains the terms in question as well as the course of
dealings between the parties (Lonstroff at [51]).

Reliance on Glass Specifications is an afterthought

36 The first point that the defendant makes is that the plaintiff’s reliance
on the Glass Specifications is an afterthought, raised in bad faith and
without proper basis. The defendant points out correctly that the plaintiff’s
statement of claim originally did not plead any failure to meet the Glass
Specifications. The plaintiff referred to the Glass Specifications only when
it amended its statement of claim in March 2019. The defendant submits that
the plaintiff amended its statement of claim to include this plea as an
afterthought, only because the experts’ joint report confirmed that the white
spots affected only the coating on the dark green panels and that there was no
delamination as originally pleaded. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 91.

The belated amendment is a “significant factor” which the court should
consider in determining whether the Subcontract incorporated the Glass
Specifications. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 8.

37 I reject this submission. The timing of the plaintiff’s amendment or the
motivation for the amendment has no direct bearing on whether the Glass
Specifications were incorporated into the Subcontract. The defendant cites no
authority to support this argument. The parties’ objective intention at the
time of contracting is the only relevant criterion for incorporation. Even if
the plea is an afterthought, it has been raised by the appropriate procedure,
ie amendment. I must determine it on its merits.

The plaintiff never gave the defendant a copy of the main contract

38 The second point that the defendant makes is that the plaintiff never gave
the defendant a copy of the main contract. The defendant refers to the
evidence of the plaintiff’s contracts manager, Mr Danny Cheng (“Mr Cheng”), at
trial. Mr Cheng said that the main contract did not accompany the letter of
award which was eventually issued to the defendant. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p20(11) to 20(16).

39 I do not consider this submission to be relevant on the issue of
incorporation.

40 Clause 8.1 of the Subcontract provides that the defendant shall be “deemed
to have full knowledge of the provisions of the Main Contract”. It also
explicitly gives the defendant a right to inspect the main contract at the
plaintiff’s office. As a matter of law, it is well-established that in the
absence of fraud or misrepresentation, a party is bound by all the terms of a
contract that it signs, even if that party did not read or understand those
terms (Bintai Kindenko Pte Ltd v Samsung C&T Corp and another [2019] 2 SLR 295
at [58]). The defendant is therefore bound by cl 8.1.

41 I also find to be reasonable Mr Cheng’s explanation that the main contract
did not accompany the letter of award because the documents were too bulky. It
was always within the defendant’s power to exercise its right under cl 8.1 to
inspect the main contract at the plaintiff’s office. The defendant cannot now
rely on the plaintiff’s failure to supply a copy of the main contract to
disclaim the clear effect of cl 8.1 and to argue that the Glass Specifications
were not incorporated into the Subcontract.

The Glass Specifications came into existence after the Subcontract

42 The defendant’s final argument is that the Glass Specifications came into
existence only after the plaintiff and the defendant entered into the
Subcontract. Therefore, despite the effect of cll 8.1 and 24.1 of the
Subcontract, the Glass Specifications are not incorporated into the
Subcontract.

43 In support of this, the defendant refers to the date “JULY 2014” which
appears at the bottom of the cover pages of Volumes 1 and 2 of the main
contract. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Cheng Jiu How Danny’s AEIC at p40; Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents at p106.

The AS are contained in Volume 2 of the main contract. The defendant argues
that July 2014 reflects the date of the creation of the main contract,
including the AS, and therefore suggests that the main contract came into
existence after the Subcontract.

(1) Glass Specifications incorporated into the Subcontract even if they came
into existence after June 2014

44 I start by pointing out that there is no principle of law that a document
which comes into existence only after a contract is formed cannot be
incorporated by reference into that contract. It all depends on the parties’
intention, objectively ascertained from the terms of their contract. Indeed,
“it is not uncommon for parties to first agree on a set of essential terms
which the parties may be bound by as a matter of law and on the basis of which
they may act, even while there may be ongoing discussions on the incorporation
of other usually detailed terms” (Lonstroff ([34] supra) at [52]).

45 Lonstroff was, of course, considering ongoing discussions of more detailed
terms between the contractual counterparties themselves. But there is no
reason in principle why the contractual counterparties may not also agree to
incorporate by reference the terms of a future contract which one of the
contractual counterparties will negotiate and then enter into with a third
party. Whether the terms of that later contract are in fact incorporated into
the parties’ earlier contract is simply a matter of contractual construction.

46 Thus, for example, the Court of Appeal in Lonstroff had to consider whether
an arbitration clause in a detailed contract note which the appellant sent to
the respondent was incorporated into a contract which the parties had
concluded earlier by an exchange of email confirmations. The Court of Appeal
held that the arbitration clause was incorporated into the parties’ earlier
contract. That took place because both parties contemplated that the basic
terms of the email confirmations would be supplemented by additional terms
coming later (at [59]). The Court of Appeal also found that it was the
practice in the parties’ industry to discuss and reach binding agreement only
the key terms of each trade and for the remaining terms to be agreed and
incorporated later (at [60]). In the final analysis, it was clear from the
parties’ objective intentions at the time they concluded their contract that
more detailed terms would follow and would in fact be incorporated into their
contract via the contract note.

47 I am satisfied that cll 8.1 and 24.1(b) of the Subcontract reflect the
parties’ objective intention to incorporate into the Subcontract the
specifications relating to the Works which were contained in the main
contract, whenever that might come into existence. The plaintiff subcontracted
the Works to the defendant as glazing specialists. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p21(17) to 21(24).

The clear reference to “all provisions of the main contract … applicable to
the Sub-contract works” and “all main contract … specifications” in cll 8.1
and 24.1(b) of the Subcontract respectively puts it beyond doubt that the
parties did intend for certain specifications further to govern the
specialised nature of the Works, namely, the design, supply and installation
of the glass curtain wall.

48 Indeed, the Glass Specifications were clearly more detailed terms than
those found in the Subcontract that would conceivably govern the Works carried
out by the defendant. The Glass Specifications consist of a variety of
elements relating generally to glass components and specifically to the glass
curtain wall including the quality, appearance of the glass panels, as well as
its emissivity coating. It is improbable that the parties intended to exclude
from their Subcontract the whole host of specifications and terms relating to
the glass curtain wall set out in the Glass Specifications. If they had
intended the specifications for the glass curtain wall to be confined to that
which was set out in the Subcontract, the Works would be uncommercially bereft
of sufficiently detailed specifications. This simply could not have been the
objectively ascertained intention of commercial parties.

(2) No evidence that the Glass Specifications came into existence after June
2014

49 In any event, I am not satisfied that the Glass Specifications came into
existence after June 2014. I accept Mr Cheng’s explanation as to why the “JULY
2014” date appears on the cover pages of volumes 1 and 2 of the main contract.
He explained that the words “JULY 2014” were likely typed by the quantity
surveyor and that it did not indicate the date of creation of the document. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p22(22) to 22(32).

Instead, that was the date on which the main contract was bound, as there had
been some delay in the quantity surveyor binding it. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p23(3) to 23(19).

The owner and the plaintiff had entered into the main contract in March 2014.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Cheng Jiu How Danny’s AEIC at p45, p57.

50 Mr Cheng’s explanation is further supported by the fact that even on the
page where cl 2.2.1(a) of the AS is located, the date which appears at the
bottom of the page reads “AUGUST 2013”. This is consistent with his evidence
that he sent an email attaching specifications to the defendant on 30 October
2013. The August 2013 date precedes Mr Cheng’s email. It is highly unlikely
that when the owner and the plaintiff concluded their contract in March 2014,
the main contract and its extracts were not already drafted. Accordingly, I am
satisfied that the defendant was already aware of the Glass Specifications by
the date of the Subcontract.

51 I therefore find that the Glass Specifications have been incorporated into
the Subcontract.

Did the defendant breach the Glass Specifications?

The expert reports

52 The plaintiff and the defendant both engaged expert witnesses. The experts
prepared individual expert reports. The plaintiff’s expert witness was Ms
Christina Metia Gadis Lestiana (“Ms Lestiana”) of Setsco Consultancy
International Pte Ltd. Her report is dated 5 October 2018. The defendant’s
expert witness was Mr Victor Temkin (“Mr Temkin”). His report is dated 28
November 2018. The experts also prepared a joint report dated 1 February 2019.

53 The glass curtain wall consisted of tinted glass panels in three colours:
grey, light green and dark green. In their joint report, both experts agreed
on the following: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Christina Metia Gadis Lestiana’s AEIC at p98 to 100.

(a) The bubbles on the glass panels are distinguishable from the white spots
and specks. The white spots and specks appearing on the glass panels were
found only on the dark green panels. Specifically, the white spots and specks
were discolorations of the coloured solar coating found on the outer side of
the external dark green panels. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p57(15) to 57(27), p86(16) to 86(30).

The light green and grey panels were entirely free from any white spots and
specks. In her report, Ms Lestiana said that that “[m]ost of the defect
occurred on the dark green panel”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 10; Christina Metia Gadis Lestiana’s
AEIC at p16.

Likewise, in his report, Mr Temkin observed that “[m]ultiple white spots
appeared due to corrosion of the coating” 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 10; Victor Temkin’s AEIC at p13.

, affecting only the “Type 3” dark green panels.

(b) The white spots and specks did not affect the structural integrity and
safety of the glass panels.

(c) While the colour coating applied to the dark green panels carried solar
properties, it was unclear the extent to which, if any, the solar properties
if the coating had been compromised as a result of the white spots and specks.

54 With respect to (a), Ms Lestiana elaborated at trial that the bubbles found
on the glass panels, while considerably fewer than the white spots and specks,
were true delamination defects in the technical sense, ie, they arose from the
loss of adhesion between the assembly of laminated glass bonded with the PVB
sheets. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 2, at p788.

However, the solar properties would not be compromised because the solar (or
heat reflection) properties of the glass panel originate from the colour
coating. The bubbles occurred only on the PVB layer of the glass. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p68(1) to 68(30).

The delamination arose because of air trapped within the glass and the PVB and
where air has been trapped, causing the bonding to give way. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p70(3) to 70(11), p71(3) to 71(8).

55 With respect to (c), Ms Lestiana elaborated in her report that it would
also be reasonable to conclude that the solar properties of the dark green
panels would be compromised due to the corrosion observed even though no tests
were carried out. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Christina Metia Gadis Lestiana’s AEIC at para 24.

At trial, Ms Lestiana did say that the extent of deviation could only be
determined with a further test, without which she could not conclude
quantitatively how much the white spots would compromise the solar properties
of the glass panels. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p66(25) to 67(6).

56 Mr Temkin on the other hand, was more circumspect in his assessment. He
said that measuring the difference in the solar properties of the dark green
panels affected by the white spots would be an immensely complex task, given
the three types of glass present and the possibility of measuring the solar
properties in different places and times. Overall, Mr Temkin could neither
confirm nor deny whether the solar properties of the dark green panels would
be affected. In his opinion, it was simply not possible to tell. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p98(18) to 98(30).

57 The primary areas of disagreement between the two experts related to: (a)
first, whether or not the white spots and specks would grow larger over time;
(b) second, whether the white spots and specks were only aesthetic defects;
and (c) third, the actual cause of the white spots and specks.

58 As to whether the white spots would grow larger over time, Ms Lestiana said
that she was unable to express a definitive opinion on this. To do so, she
would have to break the glass panels to conduct a microscopic examination.
However, she noted that it was unlikely for the white spots to appear
suddenly. Instead, it was likely that they started smaller than would be
visible to the naked eye and grew larger over time to the point where they
became visible. This is because the cause of the defect was a chemical
reaction that would require time to take place. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Christina Metia Gadis Lestiana’s AEIC at paras 15 and 16; Notes of Evidence, 3
July 2019, p62(1) to 62(21).

59 Mr Temkin’s opinion was that the white spots and specks were in fact stable
and would not grow larger over time. At trial, he was asked the basis for his
opinion. He explained that he had found that scratching the glass panels did
not enlarge the white spots and specks. Thus, it was reasonable to conclude
that the spots would remain stable. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p84(16) to 84(27).

60 I observe that in cross-examination, the defendant’s Project Manager, Mr
Tan Eng Hooi (“Mr Tan”), agreed that during the joint inspection on 17 October
2016, more white spots had appeared on the glass panels and that white spots
that had been previously observed had grown larger. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Notes of Evidence, 4 July 2019, p7(16) to 7(27), p25(11) to 25(20).

61 As to whether the white spots and specks affect the solar properties of the
glass panels, both experts agreed that they would not. However, Ms Lestiana
emphasised that the white spots were unsightly and thus aesthetically
unacceptable. Mr Temkin was of the view too that these were aesthetic defects,
albeit only visible from within the building and not from outside the
building. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Christina Metia Gadis Lestiana’s AEIC at p99.

62 At trial, Mr Temkin explained that an occupant’s vision through the glass
would inevitably be affected as a result of the white spots and specks. He
declined to elaborate any further, however, saying that he was not an expert
in architecture or aesthetic aspects of construction. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p86(24) to 86(30).

63 As to the root cause of the white spots and specks, neither expert was able
to express a definitive opinion. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p92(4) to 93(17), p104(11) to 104(26);
Christina Metia Gadis Lestiana’s AEIC at p21 to 22; Victor Temkin’s AEIC at
p14.

The tenor of their evidence, though, was that it was likely to be a
manufacturing defect and not due to poor installation.

Clauses 2.2.1(a) and 2.2.8(b) of the AS

64 The plaintiff argues that the Glass Defects are a breach of cll 2.2.1(a)
and 2.2.8(b) of the AS. Clause 2.2.1(a) of the AS should be interpreted as
covering both the surface and the interior of the glass panels. In this
respect, the coating applied to the glass panels are inextricably linked with
the glass panels. The coating and the glass should thus be treated as an
integral whole. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 49.

Additionally, the presence of numerous white spots and specks on the glass
panels of the glass curtain wall would necessarily interfere with an
occupant’s vision through the glass panels. Thus, by virtue of the Glass
Defects, the defendant breached cll 2.2.1(a) and 2.2.8(b) of the AS.

65 The defendant’s position is that it did not breach either cl 2.2.1(a) or cl
2.2.8(b) of the AS. The defendant argues that cl 2.2.1(a) of the AS is
concerned only with the glass and specifically, the surface of the glass
panels rather than the coating applied to the panels, which is the location of
the Glass Defects. The plain words of cl 2.2.1(a) concern the edges and the
portion of the glass exposed and do not make any reference to the coloured
coating applied to the glass panels. Because the Glass Defects arise from the
coating and not the glass panels, there can be no breach of cl 2.2.1(a). 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 95 to 96.

Clause 2.2.8(b) of the AS is concerned exclusively with whether there has been
any obstruction of vision through the glass panels. There has been no such
obstruction occasioned by the Glass Defects. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 97.

66 Clauses 2.2.1(a) and 2.2.8(b) of the AS provide as follows: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p113 to 114.

2.2.1 General:

(a) Refer to specified details and drawings for acid etched glass types,
tempered glass, laminated glass sizes and locations and performance data for
glass. All glass shall be of accurate size with clean undamaged edges, ground
smooth when exposed, and surfaces which are not disfigured, free of bubbles,
waves, air holes, scratches and all other defects, and cut to fit the rebates
with due allowance for expansion. All glass of the same type shall be the
manufactured product of one company.

…

2.2.8 Laminated Glass and Tempered Glass:

…

(b) Laminated glass panel consisting of 2 pieces of 6 mm thick clear glass to
form an integrated unit in accordance to manufacturer’s recommendation or
approved equivalent (confirming to requirements for safety glass). This is to
be installed in combination with Poly Vinyl Butral (PVB); custom pattern to be
selected/approved by the Architect, and consisting of an interlayer of nominal
0.76 mm thick. Laminated glass shall not develop edge separation, delamination
or other defects which may obstruct vision through the glass.

[emphasis added]

67 I reject the defendant’s interpretation of cl 2.2.1(a) of the AS as being
unduly narrow.

68 First, I do not think that cl 2.2.1(a) of the AS is concerned solely with
the surface, as opposed to the interior, of the glass panels. While the
defendant points out that cl 2.2.1(a)’s reference to “undamaged edges, ground
smooth when exposed, and surfaces” necessarily confines its operation to the
surface of the glass panels, this should be read in its full context. Clause
2.2.1(a) goes on to provide that that the panels should be “free of bubbles,
waves, air holes, scratches and all other defects”.

69 “Bubbles, waves, air holes [and], scratches” must necessarily intrude into
the interior of a glass panel, however minor the intrusion might be. It is
difficult to conceive how any one of those defects could be confined to the
surface of a glass panel. As defendant’s counsel conceded, quite fairly, even
his example of a bubble on the exterior would mean that the glass panel would
not be smooth. The corollary of that would be that the bubble could dip into
the interior of the glass panel. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p37(4) to 37(30).

So too, even a hairline scratch would dip into the interior of the glass
panel. And an “air hole” obviously goes beyond the surface.

70 Second, I accept the plaintiff’s submission that it would be artificial to
treat the glass panel and the coating applied to it as different components.
In my view, the glass panel and the coating operate as a single system and
should be seen as an integral whole.

71 Mr Cheng gave evidence that the defendant’s delivery obligation comprised
both the glass panels and its coating. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p36(18) to 36(26).

Furthermore, this is supported by the evidence given by both expert witnesses.
Ms Lestiana explained that it would be appropriate to view the glass panel
holistically, as a system consisting of tempered glass sheets, with or without
coating, held in place by an interlayer of PVB. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p64(27) to 65(23).

72 Similarly, Mr Temkin explained that the coloured coating, through numerous
layers of metal oxide, would be applied by the magnetron technique before the
glass together with the coating was subjected to the tempering process. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p92(18) to 93(16).

The coating itself is not available as an individual component. No glass
manufacturer sells coating separately. It can be applied only by using the
specialised magnetron process. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p96(5) to 96(14).

Commercially, both the coating and the glass are invariably sold together as a
system. I therefore find that the word “glass” in cl 2.2.8(b) of the AS should
be read to comprise the glass panel and its coating.

73 Glass panels with bubbles clearly do not meet the specifications in cl
2.2.1(a) of the AS. That specification explicitly requires the glass to be
free of bubbles. Further, I accept that the white spots and specks fall within
the catch-all words “all other defects” in cl 2.2.1(a). I interpret the word
“defects” broadly to encompass imperfections or flaws. After all, it is
undisputed that both experts consider these white spots and specks to be – at
the very least – aesthetic imperfections or flaws, as set out at [61] above.
This of course does not address the further issue of the appropriate measure
and quantum of damages. That issue will be central in the assessment of
damages.

74 I therefore find that the presence of the Glass Defects is a failure by the
defendant to meet the specification in cl 2.2.1(a) of the AS. The defendant is
therefore in breach of the Subcontract in this respect.

75 I now turn to consider cl 2.2.8(b) of the AS. The words “obstruct vision”
in cl 2.2.8(b) must be taken to mean something more than de minimis. The word
“obstruct” connotes a high degree of impairment or obscuring of vision. It is
true that there is some delamination in the panels, at least with respect to
the bubbles. On the whole, however, I accept the defendant’s submission with
respect to cl 2.2.8(b). I do not think that the presence of white spots and
specks, even though numerous on certain panels, can be said to “obstruct
vision” through the glass.

76 I note both experts agree in their joint report that the white spots and
specks do not affect the functional purpose of the panels, preferring to
characterise the effect of the white spots and specks as being aesthetically
unacceptable and unsightly. Notably, neither expert opines that vision through
the glass panels is obstructed. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Christina Metia Gadis Lestiana’s AEIC at p98 to 100.

Indeed, the plaintiff itself employed the terms “unsightly and/or
aesthetically unpleasing to the end-user” 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submission at para 57.

and “enjoy the view outside the building without any distraction” 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submission at para 60.

, rather than using stronger terms such as “obscuring” or “obstructing”.

77 Having reviewed the photographs taken by both experts, I agree with their
observations. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p241 to 269; Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol
2, p690 to 691.

The white spots and specks vary in terms of number, size and distribution in
each glass panel. They are unsightly and translucent, rather than transparent.
But whether taken alone or on the whole, they do not rise to the level of
obstructing vision through the glass panels. An observer can still see through
the glass panels with what would ordinarily be described as unobstructed
vision. Indeed, Mr Palaniappan Kannappan (“Mr Kannappan”), the plaintiff’s
Project Manager, candidly admitted at trial that notwithstanding the Glass
Defects, vision through the glass panels was not obstructed. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p65(13) to 65(27).

78 I therefore find that the presence of the Glass Defects is not a failure by
the defendant to meet the specification in cl 2.2.8(b) of the AS. The
defendant is not in breach of the Subcontract in this respect.

Clauses 3.3.7(b) and 3.3.7(c) of the NPQS

79 The plaintiff argues that the presence of the Glass Defects, and
specifically the white spots and specks in the coating of the glass panels, is
a failure to meet the specifications in cll 3.3.7(b) and (c) of the NPQS.

80 The defendant maintains that it has met the specifications in cll 3.3.7(b)
and 3.3.7(c) of the NPQS. Since the plaintiff has not challenged the
emissivity of the glass panels, it cannot be said that the panels are
functionally deficient. Moreover, these clauses, the defendant submits, are of
a general nature. The phrase “nominally neutral in colour” in cl 3.3.7(b) is a
general reference to a particular colour chosen for a coating. The rest of the
words of the NPQS refer generally to the coating. Since the plaintiff relies
on both clauses, it is incumbent upon them to plead the meaning of matters of
a technical or specialised nature, but it failed to do so. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 98 and 99.

81 Clause 3.3.7 of the NPQS provides as follows: 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Cheng Jiu How Danny’s AEIC at p191.

Low emissivity coating to be/have:

(a) Emissivity less than 0.2.

(b) Nominally neutral in colour and uniform in tone, hue, texture, pattern and
opacity.

(c) Consistent appearance to the glazed units. Allowable pinholes in coated
surfaces:

i Diameter 0.8 – 1.2 mm (2 within 300x300mm)

ii Diameter 1.2 – 1.6mm (1 per sheet)

iii Diameter 1.6 mm and above not allowed.

(d) Any edge deletion of coatings stopped within 0.5mm of the primary seal.

(1) Clause 3.37(b)

82 I agree with the plaintiff that the white spots and specks constitute a
breach of cl 3.3.7(b) of the NPQS. I am unable to see how the defendant’s
submission that cl 3.3.7(b) is of a general nature helps it. While cl 3.3.7(b)
does provide that coating will be uniform in colour, there is no basis in its
words for restricting its operation to the time the coating is applied or the
time the panels are installed. Thus, a coating which complies with cl 3.3.7(b)
at the time it is applied must not cease to be “nominally neutral in colour”
or to be “uniform in tone, hue, texture, pattern and opacity” after
application by reason of any cause intrinsic to the coating.

83 It has been established that the white spots and specks arise from a
discolouration of the dark green coating. Coating which manifests that defect
because of its intrinsic qualities, ie without being acted upon by an external
causative agent, fails to meets the specification in cl 3.3.7(b) of the NPQS.
White spots and specks are visibly different from the unaffected coating on
the panels forming part of the glass curtain wall. White spots and specks the
affected areas of the coating to become translucent instead of transparent.
The coating which manifests this defect is no longer uniform in terms of tone,
hue and opacity.

84 I therefore find that the presence of the Glass Defects means that the
defendant failed to meet the specification in cl 3.3.7(b) of the NPQS. The
defendant is therefore in breach of the Subcontract in this respect.

(2) Clause 3.3.7(c)

85 Similarly, it can no longer be said that the “glazed units” ie, the dark
green panels, have a “consistent appearance” as required by cl 3.3.7(c) of the
NPQS. The numerous white spots and specks that have arisen due to the
discolouration of the coating have clearly caused an inconsistent appearance
to the affected panels.

86 Indeed, as Mr Temkin observed, looking through the glass panels – which
also serve as windows that are glazed with laminated glass – the white spots
and specks would almost certainly affect an occupant’s view of the outside
world. The numerous photographs taken by the experts as well as by the
plaintiff’s supervisor 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p22 to 24, p25 to 35 and p38 to 94.

at the material time, Mr Wong Kwek Min (“Mr Wong”), show clearly that the
affected panels lack a consistent appearance.

87 I therefore find that the presence of the Glass Defects means that the
defendant failed to meet the specification in cl 3.3.7(c) of the NPQS. The
defendant is therefore in breach of the Subcontract in this respect.

Has Appendix A been incorporated into the Subcontract?

88 The defendant submits that Appendix A is not incorporated into the
Subcontract. This is because cl 24.1 of the Subcontract, which refers to a
list of documents that form part of the Subcontract, fails to refer to
Appendix A at all. Instead, the only documents that it refers to are (a) the
letter of award and the attached warranties format in Appendix C, (b) all main
contract documents, drawings and specifications containing, relating and/or
concerning the Subcontract works scope and (c) the defendant’s test results,
technical data and drawings that are approved by the architect. As the
contracting parties failed to include Appendix A in the list in cl 24.1, it
must necessarily mean that the contracting parties did not intend Appendix A
to be incorporated into the Subcontract.

89 The defendant’s argument is an overly technical one. I reject it. I do not
think that the omission of the reference to Appendix A in cl 24.1 of the
Subcontract is any indication at all that parties did not intend Appendix A to
be incorporated into the Subcontract. I accept Mr Cheng’s explanation that the
express reference to Appendix C in cl 24.1 of the Subcontract is supplementary
and was included in order to specify the format of the deed of warranty.

90 Moreover, even though cl 24.1 of the Subcontract makes no reference to
Appendix A, it does make express reference to the letter of award and
expressly incorporates the entire letter of award into the Subcontract by
reference. A closer review of the letter of award reveals several objective
indications that Appendix A is an integral part of the letter of award and
therefore incorporated into the Subcontract by the reference to the letter of
award. The applicable legal principles are once again those summarised at
[34]–[35] above.

91 First, the running page numbers located at the bottom of each page of the
letter of award reflects that the entire document consists of 20 pages.
Appendix A appears at pages 9 to 13. It clearly forms part of the 20-page
letter of award.

92 Second, the same reference number, GAE/55LOR17/SC/14-09 appears in a
running header on the top left-hand corner of each page of the letter of
award, including Appendix A. That is a strong objective indicator that each
and every one of the 20 pages was meant to form part of the letter of award
and thereby to be incorporated by reference into the Subcontract. In fact, it
is undisputed that the letter of award which the plaintiff sent to the
defendant did include Appendix A.

93 Third and most importantly, each page of the letter of award was signed by
the plaintiff’s and the defendant’s authorised representatives. Each page was
impressed with each company’s official company seal. If the parties did not
intend for Appendix A to form part of the letter of award, they would not have
signed it or impressed their seal upon it. Both parties’ signatures on
Appendix A coupled with their signatures on each of the other pages of the
letter of award is highly probative evidence of the parties’ objective
intention that Appendix A was to form an integral part of the letter of award,
and therefore of the Subcontract pursuant to cl 24.1.

94 I am therefore satisfied that Appendix A has been incorporated into the
Subcontract.

Has there been a breach of the Appendix A Specification?

95 The plaintiff argues that as a result of the Glass Defects, and in
particular, the white spots and specks, the defendant breached the Appendix A
specification that the glass panels installed have to achieve a shading
coefficient value of 0.26. The function of the coloured coating is to block or
control the amount of light and heat energy passing through the glass panels
and into the interior of the building. The white spots and specks in the
coating have compromised the coating’s function and its ability to block or
control the amount of light and heat energy passing through the glass panels.
65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 73.

96 The defendant argues that the plaintiff has failed to discharge its burden
of proof by showing how the white spots and specks on the dark green panels
have been compromised, given the experts’ own equivocal conclusion on this
very issue. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 159.

97 The “Remarks” column of Appendix A provides as follows: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, at p47 to 48.

Drawing no: A401-A430. The items’ sizes are to be referred to architectural
drawings. Glass type to follow architectural drawings and specification (SC
value 0.26). Grouting to frame and wall interfaces, fire stops and water
tightness for all aluminium and glazing works.

98 The reference to “SC value 0.26” refers to a shading coefficient value of
0.26. The shading coefficient is a measure of a glass panel’s ability to
reject light and, with it, heat. The lower the shading coefficient, the less
light and heat the glass panel will allow through, and the greater the glass
panel’s shading ability.

99 I reject the plaintiff’s submission. Appendix A is clear in specifying that
the shading coefficient of the glass panels should be a minimum of 0.26. Ms
Lestiana did not give any evidence on the shading coefficient of the panels
manifesting the Glass Defects. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Christina Metia Gadis Lestiana’s AEIC at p76 to 99.

She said that no tests had been carried out because she did not have the
colour coating sample. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p66(8) to 66(26).

Further, the plaintiff failed to adduce any other evidence to that effect.
There is thus no evidence before me that of the actual shading coefficient of
the glass panels manifesting the Glass Defects.

100 The plaintiff submits that I can infer that the white spots and specks
must have compromised the shading coefficient of the glass panels. The
plaintiff relies on Ms Lestiana’s observation that it is reasonable to
conclude that the solar properties of the affected panels would be compromised
due to the Glass Defects, even though no tests were carried out to determine
this. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Christina Metia Gadis Lestiana’s AEIC at para 24.

Ms Lestiana testified, further, that tests were necessary to quantify the
extent of compromise but not the fact of the compromise. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p66(30) to 67(6).

101 Mr Temkin contradicted Ms Lestiana’s evidence. He was unable to confirm or
deny whether the shading coefficient of the dark glass panels had been
compromised and testified that it was simply not possible to tell without
testing. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p98(18) to 98(31).

Further, he added that testing would be an immensely complex task, given the
three types of glass present and the possibility of measuring the shading
coefficient in different places and times of the day.

102 The plaintiff chose to make it part of its case that the glass panels
supplied by the defendant failed to meet the shading coefficient specified in
Appendix A. The plaintiff has the burden of proving that failure. It was
incumbent on the plaintiff to carry out the relevant tests to supply the
necessary proof. It has failed to do so. Given Mr Temkin’s evidence, which I
accept, I have no basis to cure that failure by drawing the inference which
the plaintiff suggests I draw from Ms Lestiana’s evidence.

103 The plaintiff has failed to discharge its burden of proving that the
presence of the white spots and specks has compromised the shading coefficient
of the glass panels. I therefore find that the presence of the Glass Defects
does not mean that the defendant failed to meet the specification in Appendix
A of the letter of award, which was incorporated by reference into the
Subcontract. The defendant is therefore in breach of the Subcontract in this
respect.

Is it necessary to demonstrate the cause of the Glass Defects?

104 The defendant also submits that the plaintiff has failed to demonstrate on
the balance of probabilities that the white spots and specks on the glass
panels were caused by defective glass or by defective installation. This, it
argues, is supported by both the experts’ conclusion that it is impossible to
determine conclusively the cause of the white spots and specks. As causation
is an essential element in a contractual claim, the plaintiff’s failure to
prove causation means that I must dismiss the plaintiff’s claim arising from
the Glass Defects. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 143, 146 and 154.

105 I reject the defendant’s submission. The submission conflates the cause of
the defendant’s breach of contract with the cause of the plaintiff’s loss.
Liability in contract is strict. The cause of the defendant’s breach of
contract is irrelevant. A plaintiff claiming damages for breach of contract
need prove only the fact of the defendant’s breach. The plaintiff is not
required to go further and prove the cause of the defendant’s breach of
contract. The only causation burden which lies on a plaintiff in a contractual
claim is to show that the loss which the plaintiff claims to have suffered was
caused by the defendant’s breach of contract: see The Law of Contract in
Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“The
Law of Contract in Singapore”) at paras 17.002 and 17.087.

106 The authorities that the defendant cites to support its submission do not
assist it. For example, the defendant refers to the Court of Appeal’s decision
in Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric [2007] 3 SLR(R) 782
at [63]:

In our view, there is no reason why the “but for” test in tort cannot also be
used in contract cases to determine the issue of causation in fact. Indeed, in
the cases cited in the preceding paragraph, the application of the “but for”
test would have yielded the same result as that decided by the courts in a
commonsensical manner. For instance, in reference to the facts cited in
Monarch Steamship, it could not be said that “but for” the shipowner’s breach,
the claimants suffered damage to their goods as that damage would still ensue
even if there was no breach.

…

Accordingly, we adopted the tortious test for causation in fact in considering
the issue of causation in SME”s claims in both tort and contract.

[emphasis in original]

107 However, in the paragraph above, it is clear that the court was concerned
there with whether the breach of contract had caused the loss suffered by the
plaintiff rather than ascertaining the cause of the breach of contract in the
first place. Thus Andrew Phang JC (as he then was) observed at [64] that
“[f]or the determination of whether a defendant’s wrongful conduct is a cause
in fact of the damage to a claimant, the test, which has almost universal
acceptance, is the so-called “but for” test” [emphasis added]. The defendant’s
reference to Anti-Corrosion Pte Ltd v Berger Paints Singapore Pte Ltd and
another appeal [2012] 1 SLR 427 is similarly unhelpful. The Court of Appeal
there was likewise concerned with applying the “but for” test of causation to
demonstrate the necessary causal link between the breach and the loss claimed
by the plaintiff (at [39]).

108 It has not been suggested that the cause of the Glass Defects is anything
other than the features intrinsic to the glass itself. Since the defendant’s
obligation under the Subcontract is to supply, deliver and install glass
panels for the glass curtain wall that meet the contractual specifications,
its failure to do is a breach of the Subcontract. It does not matter why the
defendant is in breach. Determining the cause, or more specifically the
mechanics of the Glass Defects, is not an element that the plaintiff has to
demonstrate.

109 As I have found at [74], [84] and [87] above, I am satisfied that the
defendant has breached the Subcontract by failing to meet those
specifications. The plaintiff is under no burden to prove the cause of its
failure to meet those specifications.

Did the plaintiff prevent the defendant from rectifying the Glass Defects?

110 I now turn to consider the defendant’s argument that the plaintiff
prevented the defendant from rectifying the Glass Defects on various
occasions. The defendant’s argument is two-pronged. First, the plaintiff would
not allow the defendant to rectify the glass panels without first providing
documents that it was not contractually obliged to provide such as purchase
orders, shipment documents, rectification schedules and a confirmation of the
number of glass panels to be ordered. Second, the plaintiff failed to
cooperate with the defendant by not allowing the defendant to obtain glass
samples for testing and investigation. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Arulchelvam Jeyalingam’s AEIC at para 32.

By making the defendant jump through an unnecessary series of hoops, it is the
plaintiff’s own fault that the Glass Defects were left unrectified. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 122.

111 I do not accept the defendant’s argument. The critical point to my mind is
that the Glass Defects began to appear soon after the TOP was issued and when
the subsidiary proprietors were beginning to take possession of their units.
It is true that the plaintiff did not have a contractual basis for the
requests which they made of the defendant. But the plaintiff did not, in all
the circumstances, act unreasonably by making these requests. An overview of
the correspondence between the parties suffices to establish this.

112 I start with the plaintiff’s emails to the defendant on 19 August 2016 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p143.

and 26 August 2016 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p154.

informing the defendant of the Glass Defects and asking the defendant to
provide a schedule of rectification works. The defendant did not reply. The
plaintiff’s follow-up email dated 17 September 2016 also went without a reply.
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p236.

113 Following a site visit on 17 October 2016, the plaintiff sent a further
email reiterating the urgency of the rectifications works as the subsidiary
proprietors had already began taking possession of their units. By then, the
defendant had provided no comprehensive schedule and no course of action to
rectify the Glass Defects. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p294.

114 The parties conducted a further joint site inspection on 20 October 2016.
The defendant’s expert, Mr Temkin, was present. On 24 October 2016, the
plaintiff sent yet another email to the defendant, seeking written
confirmation that the defendant agreed to rectify the Glass Defects and would
propose a rectification schedule. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p357.

The defendant’s reply on 26 October 2016 merely said in vague terms that it
would be “replacing bubble panels” and that “[g]lass had been order [sic] and
will arrive and deliver to site 4 weeks from today’s date. The installation
will take 2 weeks upon glass arrival at site”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p356.

115 The plaintiff replied on 27 October 2016. It did not object to the
defendant’s commitment, but merely asked for further confirmation of the
quantity of replacement glass panels by way of a purchase order and shipment
document. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p355 to 356.

The defendant did not provide any of these documents. In its 4 November 2016
email, the defendant merely said that the replacement glass would be delivered
to site “in next 2 weeks” and requested access to the units for the
replacement works to be carried out. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p372.

116 On 8 November 2016, the plaintiff sent yet another email emphasising the
need for a comprehensive rectification schedule. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p370 to 371.

Mr Kannappan noted that the plaintiff remained entirely in the dark about the
quantity of glass panels that were ordered. He stressed that having a
competent supervisor on-site would be imperative. Despite the defendant’s ad
hoc and last-minute request for access to unit #05-03 on the morning of 8
November 2016, the plaintiff nevertheless granted the defendant access.
However, subsequent to the replacement works, Mr Kannappan sent an email
enclosing various photographs of the works undertaken. He expressed concern
about the defendant’s lack of Personal Protection Equipment or fall prevention
plan and the need for a comprehensive schedule for rectification. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p370.

The works carried out by the defendants clearly fell short of the worksite
safety requirements under cl 14 of the Subcontract. Even the defendant’s
director, Mr Arulchelvam Jeyalingam (“Mr Jeyalingam”), accepted at trial that
the practice was unacceptable. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p27(1) to 27(4).

117 The plaintiff repeated the same requests in its email of 11 January 2017.
The plaintiff asked the defendant to provide a schedule to enable the
plaintiff to make the necessary arrangements in a systematic manner. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p391 to 392.

After taking measurements for units #06-05 and #06-06 on 14 January 2017, the
defendant still failed to provide a schedule. Instead, it asked for access to
units #02-02, #03-02, #05-02 and #06-02 on the same morning that it intended
to carry out replacement works. Although expressing displeasure, Mr Kannappan
nevertheless granted access for units #02-02, #03-02 and #06-02 of the
Project. Again, he asked for a rectification schedule and supporting documents
for the replacement glass panels that were to be ordered by 18 January 2017.
Once again, the defendant failed to meet this deadline. That prompted Mr
Kannappan to send another email on 19 January 2017 for the defendant to
“respond on the next course of action”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p390.

Thus, no further replacement works were carried out after 8 November 2016.

118 I do not accept that the plaintiff’s conduct amounts to some form of a
waiver of the defendant’s breach of the Subcontract. A common thread
throughout the correspondence between the parties was the plaintiff’s
reiteration to the defendant that the defendant ought not to expect the
plaintiff to approve a request for access to carry out replacement works which
was made on the day of the intended works. Advance notice should to be given,
especially in light of the fact that some of the units containing the Glass
Defects had already been handed over to the subsidiary proprietors. Similarly,
the request for the defendant to provide copies of purchase orders and
shipping advice of the replacement glass panels, a copy of glass measurements,
quantities and locations as well as a schedule from ordering to delivery to
installation were all perfectly reasonable requests. This would invariably
help facilitate the flow of replacement works, especially in light of the fact
that by July 2016, several units had already been handed over to the various
subsidiary proprietors. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at para 15.

A rectification schedule would be a common sense and pragmatic way of
coordinating the replacement works between the defendant and the subsidiary
proprietors who had already taken possession of the individual units. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p37(3) to 37(15).

119 As for the defendant’s requests to retrieve glass samples for testing,
this must be seen in the context of the defendant’s failure to provide a
schedule for such collection, as was candidly admitted to by Mr Jeyalingam at
trial. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p18(10) to 18(13).

In an email sent by the plaintiff’s solicitors to the defendant’s solicitors
on 12 September 2017, the plaintiff was clear that it had no objections to the
defendant retrieving glass panel samples for analysis, provided certain
requirements were met. These requirements included conditions such as
requiring the defendant to specify the institution or laboratory to which the
glass panels would be sent for analysis, ensuring that representatives of the
institution or laboratory be present at the building premises to receive the
glass panel samples and ensuring that the replacement glass panels conform to
the contractual specifications. At trial, Mr Jeyalingam interpreted the latter
requirement as referring to the temporary glass panels that had to be
installed. He complained that it was “ridiculous” for the plaintiff to require
even panels which were purely temporary to conform to the Subcontract
specifications. Yet, the defendant did not make any such objection at the time
the letter was sent. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p19(7) to 19(16).

120 In any event, I am not persuaded that this reference to replacement glass
panels in fact referred to the temporary glass panels that had to be installed
pending the laboratory analysis. To interpret it this way would render the
need for additional replacement works completely otiose. Most telling is Mr
Jeyalingam’s own acceptance at trial that all the other requirements contained
in the letter, such as the requirement of an appointment of a supervisor to
oversee the works and conducting a risk assessment were all reasonable and in
fact, mandatory. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p22(1) to 24(14).

This was contrary to his initial assertion in his affidavit of evidence in
chief that such requirements were unnecessary. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Arulchelvam Jayalingam’s AEIC at para 32.

If so, there would have been no conceivable reason for the defendant to object
to the plaintiff’s requests.

121 As a result, there is no merit to the defendant’s submission that the
plaintiff placed various obstacles in the defendant’s way making it
unreasonably difficult for the defendant to carry out the replacement works.
On the contrary, the plaintiff acted reasonably throughout. Its requests for
documents were eminently reasonable given the defendant’s failure to follow-up
on its promises to rectify the Glass Defects. The defendant had however,
failed to give proper updates and insisted on last minute and ad hoc access.
The state of the replacement works were erratic and unsatisfactory to say the
least.

The Outstanding Submissions Issue

122 The plaintiff argues that the defendant breached cll 2.6 and 2.12 of the
Subcontract by failing and refusing to submit the as-built drawings and the
10-year joint warranty for the Works respectively. This is despite the
plaintiff’s request by emails to the defendant on 29 June 2016 and 23 August
2016 asking the defendant to submit four sets of as-built drawings by 30
August 2016. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p514.

123 The plaintiff sent the defendant another letter dated 26 August 2016
asking the defendant to submit, inter alia, the as-built drawings and the
10-year warranty. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p154.

The plaintiff sent a reminder by email on 24 October 2016. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p515.

All this was to no avail.

124 As a result, the plaintiff incurred time and expense amounting to
approximately $18,500 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Setting Down Bundle at p64.

in providing the as-built drawings to the owner in November 2016. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 20.

Both the as-built drawings and the 10-year joint warranty were required for
the architect to issue the CoC. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p138(1) to 138(4); Palaniappan Kannappan’s
AEIC at para 64, p25 and p515.

As the defendant did not provide the 10-year warranty to the plaintiff, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 29.

the plaintiff had to execute a sole warranty in respect of the aluminium and
glazing works, causing it to become solely liable to the owner for any loss or
damage resulting from defects in the Works. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, p288 to 291; Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at
para 16.

The sole warranty was executed on 10 April 2017. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p571.

Clause 2.6

Is cl 2.6 of the Subcontract void for uncertainty?

125 I begin by considering the defendant’s argument that cl 2.6 of the
Subcontract is void for uncertainty. The defendant submits that an
interpretation of cl 2.6 that allows the plaintiff to ask for as-built
drawings at any time whatsoever is illogical because it would allow the
plaintiff to exercise this right even when goods and materials had yet to be
installed or even before the defendant had carried out any works. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 22.

The defendant’s argument is that as-built drawings can, by definition, be
produced only after a contractor or sub-contractor has completed its
construction works. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 6(a).

That is because as-built drawings are drawn up to reflect the changes made in
the specifications and working drawings during the construction process.

126 The plaintiff on the other hand argues that cl 2.6 is not void for
uncertainty given Mr Jeyalingam’s admission during cross-examination that the
defendant was obliged to provide as-built drawings pursuant to cl 2.6. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p119(26) to 120(3).

127 It is a well-established principle of law that before there can be a
concluded contract, the terms of the contract must be certain and complete.
The Law of Contract in Singapore says at paragraphs 3.145 and 3.146:

A term that is “uncertain” exists but is otherwise incomprehensible. On the
other hand, an agreement that is “incomplete” has certain terms that do not
(but should) exist and the non-existence of these terms make the agreement
incomprehensible. A contract may be unenforceable for uncertainty or
incompleteness even though there has otherwise been both offer and acceptance
between the parties. …

…

The basis for the requirement of certainty and completeness is a practical
one. When contracts are before the courts, that generally means that there is
a dispute, the resolution of which depends on construing the very terms of the
contract itself. …

128 That being said, the learned authors of the Law of Contract in Singapore
emphasise at para 3.148 that the “courts do not expect commercial documents to
be drafted with the outmost precision and certainty”. To take that approach
would defeat commercial expectations by striking down bargains reached by two
parties who might not have paid as much attention to precision as parties who
were legally advised. Indeed, it is not uncommon for the courts to have
recourse to a previous course of dealing or trade practice to remedy potential
uncertainties or gaps in the terms of a contract and to uphold commercial
expectations (Grossner Jens v Raffles Holdings Ltd [2004] 1 SLR(R) 202 and Gn
Muey Muey v Goh Poh Choo [2000] 1 SLR(R) 704) or even the general touchstone
of reasonableness (Hillas & Co Ltd v Arcos Ltd (1932) 147 LT 503). It is so as
not to defeat commercial expectations that a court strives to uphold
agreements where possible rather than to strike them down on the basis of
uncertainty (Gardner Smith (SE Asia) Pte Ltd v Jee Woo Trading Pte Ltd [1998]
1 SLR(R) 950 at [10]–[11]).

129 Clause 2.6 of the Subcontract reads as follows: 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, at p40.

2.6 Submission of design, shop drawings, as-built drawings, installation
details, samples, colour chart and method statement to the Architect/us for
approval as and when required by us.

130 I reject the defendant’s argument. The defendant is right that a literal
reading of cl 2.6 – and of the phrase “as and when required” within it –
suggests that the plaintiff is entitled to ask for as-built drawings at any
time. But that does not in itself mean that cl 2.6 is uncertain. The most that
can be said is that cl 2.6 is capable of operating unreasonably or
uncommercially. Even then, a contextual interpretation of cl 2.6, bolstered by
industry practice, suffices to alleviate any unreasonable or uncommercial
consequences which may arise from a literal interpretation.

131 As-built drawings reflect the completed state of works in a building and
are required for submission to the relevant authorities to obtain statutory
approvals. It is consistent with that commercial purpose that as-built
drawings can and will ordinarily be asked for and prepared only after
construction works are complete. Mr Kannappan did however accept that as-built
drawings may sometimes be prepared while construction works are ongoing. This
is typically in situations where there are changes or variations to the scope
of original contractual works. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p129(22) to 130(22).

But he accepted that this was wholly exceptional.

132 Simply put, a main contractor acting commercially will not in ordinary
circumstances ask for as-built drawings at any time before construction works
are complete. The phrase “as and when required” can therefore easily be
interpreted, applying the contextual approach, to refer to any time after the
construction works are completed, save for circumstances which are commonly
accepted in the industry as exceptional.

133 There is therefore no basis for the defendant’s argument that cl 2.6 of
the Subcontract is uncertain and unenforceable. It is a term of the parties’
contract and binds the defendant.

Has the defendant breached cl 2.6 of the Subcontract by failing to submit as-
built drawings?

134 The defendant’s alternative argument is that cl 2.6 on its proper
interpretation means that the plaintiff is entitled to call for as-built
drawings only when the architect requires them in order to obtain statutory
approval and only when the plaintiff has confirmed that the defendant has
satisfactorily completed its scope of Works. On that interpretation, and on
the facts of this case, the plaintiff is not entitled to call for the as-built
drawings. The defendant submits that the plaintiff’s conduct was inconsistent.
On the one hand, it asked for the as-built drawings, suggesting that the Works
had been completed to its satisfaction. On the other hand, it was at the same
time asking the defendant to rectify defects, suggesting that the Works had
not yet been completed to its satisfaction. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 25.

In addition, the defendant submits that there could be no breach of cl 2.6 of
the Subcontract as the plaintiff was in actual possession of the as-built
drawings submitted by the defendant through a link contained in an email to
the plaintiff dated 29 June 2016 or in its bundle of documents prepared for
the purposes of the adjudication application. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 29.

135 The defendant’s arguments cannot succeed. There is no inconsistency
between the plaintiff’s request for as-built drawings for the purposes of
seeking statutory approval and the plaintiff’s request for the defendant to
rectify the defects. These are two wholly different contractual obligations
imposed on the defendant pursuant to the Subcontract. It is entirely plausible
for the plaintiff to ask the defendant to rectify defects arising from its
Works while asking the defendant at the same time to submit the as-built
drawings in order to obtain the CoC from the architect.

136 I also do not accept the defendant’s submission that it provided the as-
built drawings either via a link in its 29 June 2016 email or through its
bundle of documents submitted for the adjudication application.

137 As to the link “for the C2, C3 status of the ST submissions” contained in
the defendant’s 29 June 2016 email 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p514.

, I accept Mr Kannappan’s evidence that the link did not in fact lead to the
as-built drawings. Indeed, this is clear from Mr Kannappan’s reply on the very
same day. He acknowledged the defendant’s email by noting the contents but
asking again for the defendant to submit the as-built drawings: “Noted and
submit your as-built drawings”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p514.

Mr Kannappan described the link provided by the defendant as a link to the BCA
website concerning the status of the ST submissions. I am persuaded that the
link did not lead to the as-built drawings as is now claimed by the defendant.

138 First, the contemporaneous evidence is that Mr Kannappan replied to the
defendant’s email on 29 June 2016 by asking again for the as-built drawings.
That suggests that the link did not in fact contain the as-built drawings.
There was no contemporaneous challenge by the defendant at that time
suggesting that Mr Kannappan’s repeated request for the as-built drawings was
unfounded or without basis.

139 Second, I fail to comprehend how the defendant’s actions square with its
current position. If the link indeed led to the as-built drawings, it would be
reasonable to expect the defendant to clarify and re-direct Mr Kannappan to
the link provided in the email. And if the defendant had prepared the as-built
drawings and provided them at the link, complying with the plaintiff’s
subsequent request would be a straightforward clerical task of re-sending the
link. Nevertheless, none of this was done.

140 As the adjudicator also explained in his reasons for the adjudication
application at para 174: 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p285.

Then for the as built drawings, the Claimants’ Mr. Andy Kuan took the position
at the Adjudication Conference that the links for downloading the as built
drawings had been provided in an email dated 29 June 2016 to the Respondents.
The Respondents in reply stated that they could not download these as built
drawings through the links provided. It seemed to me a simple matter for the
Claimants to provide such as built drawings to the Respondents again to
resolve this issue. However, the Claimants’ Mr. Andy Kuan took the position
that he required “assurance” before the as built drawings could be provided to
the Respondents”. [emphasis added]

141 It is telling that at trial, Mr Jeyalingam was unable to provide a
satisfactory answer when asked why the defendant could not just simply re-send
the link if it in fact led to the as-built drawings. Rather, his explanation
was that at that point in time, the defendant was trying to rectify things but
was not allowed to. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p121(8) to 121(13).

If this were an implicit admission that the as-built drawings were withheld
for strategic reasons to impose pressure on the plaintiff, it would
nevertheless not be a valid reason to excuse the defendant from its performing
its obligations under cl 2.6 of the Subcontract. Ultimately, Mr Jeyalingam
also admitted that he did not know how the link worked and did not know
whether it in fact worked. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p121(5) to 121(7).

142 I am also not persuaded by the defendant’s submission that it had complied
with its obligation under cl 2.6 by enclosing as-built drawings in its payment
claim made in support of the adjudication application on 22 August 2016. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, p70 to 122.

At trial, the defendant pointed to the similarity between the drawings
enclosed in its adjudication application and the as-built drawings contained
in Mr Kannappan’s affidavit of evidence in chief.

143 However, Mr Kannappan clarified that the as-built drawings contained in
his affidavit of evidence in chief, while similar to the drawings submitted by
the defendant in support of its payment claim for the adjudication
application, were not the as-built drawings submitted by the defendant. In
order for the as-built drawings to be prepared, the plaintiff had to convert
the structural drawings to AutoCADs and to make several adjustments, such as
changing the title blocks and the format. Only then could the drawings be
submitted to the architect as as-built drawings. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p132(1) to 132(12).

The process of converting the PDF version of the structural drawings to
AutoCAD and printing the as-built drawings was non-trivial. It took the
plaintiff close to a week of work. That could have been avoided had the
defendant just provided the as-built drawings pursuant to cl 2.6.

144 I accept Mr Kannappan’s explanation that the drawings submitted by the
defendant in the adjudication application were not as-built drawings. Rather,
those drawings were BCA-approved construction drawings, otherwise known as
structural submission drawings. Mr Kannappan’s position is supported by the
contemporaneous evidence, namely, his email sent a day later, on 23 August
2016, asking the defendant to “submit your PE endorsed as-built drawing (hard
copy & CD rom)” on or before 30 August 2016. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p514.

If the defendant had in fact submitted the as-built drawings in the
adjudication application, it failed to make this clear to the plaintiff as it
neither replied to Mr Kannappan’s email nor challenged Mr Kannappan’s request
at all. The defendant’s noticeable silence on this matter continued when the
plaintiff’s wrote to the defendant on 26 August 2016 and emailed the defendant
again on 24 October 2016.

145 I also note the defendant’s inconsistent positions with respect to the as-
built drawings throughout these proceedings. At trial, Mr Jeyalingam raised
the new argument that the plaintiff already had the as-built drawings even
before TOP was issued, because the as-built drawings must have been required
for the TOP. In Mr Jeyalingam’s view, the plaintiff’s request for the as-built
drawings would be superfluous as it would be something that the plaintiff
already had at the time. It was on this basis that the defendant was entitled
to reject the plaintiff’s request. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p118(17) to 119(9).

146 I am not satisfied with Mr Jeyalingam’s explanation. This was never
expressed as the defendant’s position in any of the correspondence between the
parties. As Mr Jeyalingam conceded, he had never personally said that the
plaintiff should already have the as-built drawings. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p119(22) to 119(25).

147 As such, by failing to provide the plaintiff with the as-built drawings,
the defendant has breached cl 2.6 of the Subcontract.

Clause 2.12

148 It is undisputed that the defendant has failed to provide the 10-year
joint warranty. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 23.

Is cl 2.12 of the Subcontract void for uncertainty?

149 The defendant argues that cl 2.12 of the Subcontract – like cl 2.6 – is
void for uncertainty. This is because cl 2.12 purports to impose upon the
defendant an obligation to provide the 10-year joint warranty as and when
required by the plaintiff, the architect and the consultants. That means that
the plaintiff can demand the warranty at any time, even before the Works are
carried out. As the joint warranty is to remain effective for 10 years from
the date of completion of the main contract, it is imperative that the
completion date be known to all parties involved before the warranty can be
provided. According to the defendant, the words “as and when required” in cl
2.12 are illogical, incapable of meaning or interpretation and thus make it
impossible for the warranty to be furnished if called upon before that date
being known or finalised. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 36; Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No 1) at paras 6(d) and (e).

150 Clause 2.12 of the Subcontract reads as follows: 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, p40.

2.12 Submission of Ten (10) year joint-warranty, joint name with GAE for your
works, effective from the date of completion of the Main Contract, in the
format attached herein (Appendix C), to us/Architect in 5 sets as and when
required by our project manager/Architect and Consultants.

151 I reject the defendant’s argument. At least in relation to cl 2.6 of the
Subcontract, the defendant could argue that the as-built drawings by
definition cannot depict what does not yet exist. But cl 2.12 is entirely
different in nature. A 10-year joint warranty can be signed at any time. It
can even be signed before the start date of the warranty is known. It is
entirely possible for the defendant to warrant today but for it to only take
effect in the future. And that future date can either be a specific date or a
date defined by the matrix of contracts underlying the Project.

152 The industry practice of when warranties like these are called for and
signed is a separate matter. It suffices to note only that a literal
interpretation of cl 2.12 of the Subcontract does not give rise to
insurmountable uncertainty. Further, a contextual interpretation akin to that
employed for cl 2.6 suffices to remedy any interpretive gap between what is
possibly meant and what is probably meant in the industry by the phrase “as
and when required” in cl 2.12. That contextual approach would lead to the
conclusion that the defendant is contractually obliged to furnish the 10-year
joint warranty at the request of the plaintiff, the architect or consultants
at any time after the defendant has completed the Works.

153 There is simply no merit to the defendant’s argument that cl 2.12 is
illogical and incapable of proper interpretation such as to render it
unenforceable.

Has the defendant breached cl 2.12 of the Subcontract by failing to provide
the 10-year joint warranty?

154 The plaintiff argues that the defendant breached cl 2.12 of the
Subcontract by failing to provide the 10-year joint warranty despite the
plaintiff’s repeated requests to the defendant to do so. Moreover, the
plaintiff submits the true reason why the defendant failed to provide the
10-year joint warranty in August 2016 was because the plaintiff had raised
issues concerning the Glass Defects and had withheld moneys payable to the
defendant. The defendant thus considered it justifiable to hold the warranty
hostage, as a form of leverage. Indeed, Mr Jeyalingam candidly admitted this
at trial. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 15; Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019,
p123(18) to 124(10).

155 The defendant suggests an interpretation of cl 2.12 that makes the
defendant’s obligation to provide the 10-year joint warranty conditional upon
the plaintiff’s cooperation in doing so, by confirming and accepting that the
defendant had completed the Works. On that interpretation, the defendant did
not breach cl 2.12 because the plaintiff (a) did not accept and confirm that
the defendant had completed its scope of Works, (b) did not cooperate with the
defendant to provide the joint warranty and (c) was blowing hot and cold by
demanding that the curtain wall be rectified and replaced. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 40.

156 I reject the defendant’s argument. Even if I accept the defendant’s
interpretation of cl 2.12, there is no evidence to suggest that the plaintiff
was not ready to cooperate and hold up its end of the 10-year joint warranty.
126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim at para 9.

157 I also do not think that the plaintiff failed to confirm that the
defendant had completed the Works. Although I consider this in greater detail
in respect of the Completion Issue below at [226]–[241], it is clear from the
correspondence between the parties and the payment responses from the
plaintiff that the plaintiff’s requests to the defendant related only to
defects arising from the defendant’s completed Works rather than any
outstanding Works.

158 For example, in its 26 August 2016 letter to the defendant asking for the
10-year joint warranty, the plaintiff also provided a list of “outstanding”
Works. However, the list comprised only the as-built drawings, the water
tightness report, the replacement of the seventh storey door and the Glass
Defects. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p154.

Apart from this, the plaintiff made no further reference to any works which
had yet to be completed. It would be reasonable to assume that the plaintiff
considered the defendant to have completed the Works. The list was referring
to the rectification of defects in the completed Works, which was an entirely
distinct issue.

159 The defendant’s argument is that it is incongruous for the plaintiff to
demand on one hand, the replacement of the glass curtain wall, and on the
other, to ask the plaintiff to provide the 10-year joint warranty. This
argument too is misconceived. The crux of the argument is as follows: if the
plaintiff deems the Works to be unacceptable, on what basis can it ask the
defendant to issue the joint warranty? I accept the plaintiff’s submission in
response that there is no reason why the plaintiff’s rejection and request for
rectification of the defendant’s defective Works should excuse the defendant
from its separate and independent obligation to provide the joint warranty
pursuant to cl 2.12 of the Subcontract. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 105.

These are entirely distinct obligations that protect distinct interests: the
joint warranty is to ensure that the plaintiff and the defendant are jointly
liable for any defects that may arise during the 10-year period after
completion of the Works whereas the contractual entitlement for the plaintiff
to demand rectification of completed Works with defects that have already
arisen.

160 Finally, even if the plaintiff had unjustifiably withheld moneys payable
to the defendant under the Subcontract, this would not justify the defendant’s
decision to withhold the 10-year joint warranty and somehow insulate it from
contractual liability for breach of cl 2.12. Simply put, a party’s breach of a
contractual obligation does not excuse the other party’s breach of a separate
contractual obligation – the operative word being “separate” – one breach does
not, in itself, justify another breach.

161 I therefore find that by failing to provide the plaintiff with the 10-year
joint warranty, the defendant breached cl 2.12 of the Subcontract.

The Water Tightness Issue

162 The plaintiff contends that the defendant’s failure to ensure that the
glass curtain wall and/or the aluminium and glazing works were sufficiently
watertight constitutes a breach of cl 2.2 and Appendix A of the Subcontract.
This is evidenced by the water leakage occurring at the windows and curtain
wall. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 12.

The plaintiff submits that earlier attendances to the water leakage incidents
by its workers revealed the defendant’s unacceptable waterproofing and shoddy
workmanship in its installation of the windows. In this regard, the original
grouting at some of the window frames was not applied properly and resulted in
its hollowness. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 14; Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p223 to 237.

Grouting refers to the process by which a paste is applied to fill the gaps
between adjacent tiles and support joints. There are two major types of grout:
(a) cement-based grout and (b) epoxy-based grout.

163 The plaintiff’s workers also discovered timber blocks in some of the
frames. These blocks should have been removed before grouting was injected
into the gaps surrounding the frames to achieve a proper seal and water
tightness. In doing so, the defendant had improperly grouted over the
temporary frame supports. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at para 53.

Evidence of the water leakage and the faulty grouting are reflected in a
series of photographs captured by Mr Wong. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p145 to 149, p151 to 156 and p227 to 232.

164 Following the grant of the TOP on 28 June 2016, water leakage began to
appear at various locations of the windows and curtain wall. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at para 44.

The defendant failed to rectify the water seepage at units #02-11, #03-09,
#03-10, #05-09, #05-11, #05-15, #06-14 and #07-13. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 29.

This was despite the plaintiff’s emails to the defendant on the following
dates: 30 November 2017, 8 January 2018, 13 January 2018, 27 January 2018 and
5 February 2018. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 29.

The plaintiff proceeded to notify the defendant of the deduction of $5,587 for
the labour costs incurred in its Payment Response No 35 dated 28 March 2018
(“PR No 35”). 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 29.

These works were supervised by Mr Wong. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at para 52.

165 In response, the defendant argues that the plaintiff has not discharged
its burden of proof to demonstrate that the water leakage originated from
improper grouting, as opposed to leakage from the structure of the building.
138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 192 and 195.

It highlights that no testing was carried out in respect of the units alleged
to have contained water leakage. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 180.

A series of water tests conducted in June and August 2016 also attests to
sufficient water tightness. Additionally, while the plaintiff pleaded that
eight units suffered water leakage, the plaintiff only made reference to a few
units at trial. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 29; Defendant’s Closing
Submissions at para 77.

Finally, the defendant argues that the amount claimed in PR No 35, while
attaching time cards of workers, fails to indicate who the workers are and
where the workers are from and the time cards relied upon by the plaintiffs
are not endorsed. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Arulchelvam Jeyalingam’s AEIC at para 28.

166 The defendant first highlights the series of water tests. Initially, a
water tightness test was conducted on 17 June 2016 by TUV SUD PSB Pte Ltd in
which 6 out of 7 test points failed the test. A subsequent water tightness
test was conducted on 12 August 2016. This test was successful in that 35 out
of 36 points achieved a pass. This test was signed by Mr Wong. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at paras 52 and 53; Agreed Bundle of Documents,
Vol 1, p209 to 211; Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p90(1) to 90(22).

I do not find these results useful for the purposes of determining the Water
Tightness Issue because the subsequent water tightness test only tested five
areas for water leakage rather than the whole building. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p102(2) to 102(10); Agreed Bundle of
Documents, vol 1, p212.

The test therefore only represents a sample section of the building. In any
case, I do not place much weight on these tests given that the plaintiff’s
claim is that incidents of water leakage persisted after 12 August 2016 in
respect of specific units. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Closing Submissions at para 76.

167 Nonetheless, I accept the defendant’s submission and find that the
plaintiff has failed to prove, on a balance of probabilities, that the
defendant failed to ensure sufficient water tightness in respect of the units
pleaded. Crucially, while the plaintiff pleaded eight specific units affected
by water leakage in its statement of claim, 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 29.

the photographs taken by Mr Wong relate to units #01-08 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p186; p192.

, #01-09 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p193.

, #01-11 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p165 to 177; p187; p194.

, #01-12 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p164; p195.

, #01-13 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p164; p188 to 190; p196.

, #02-14 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p489 to 490.

, #03-12 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p191; p197 to 199.

, #03-14 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p181.

, #05-14 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p184; p205.

, #06-12 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p200 to 202.

, #06-14 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p226 to 229; Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p433.

, #07-01 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p206 to 207; p215.

, #07-02 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p216.

, #07-03 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p179.

, #07-05 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p217.

, #07-07 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p158 to 159; p218; p230 to 237.

, #07-09 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p151 to 156.

, #07-12 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p146 to 149, p151 to 156; p203.

, #07-13 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at p208 to 212; p219 to 220; p224.

of the Project. The only two units that were pleaded and reflected in the
photographs contained in Mr Wong and Mr Kannappan’s AEICs were units #06-14
and #07-13. There is a patent lack of documentary evidence to support the
plaintiff’s claim for the rest of the pleaded units.

168 I also do not agree with the plaintiff’s submission that the photographs
of the water ponding or water marks coupled with the photographs depicting the
hollow frame lead to the “irresistible conclusion” that the grouting works
were manifestly inadequate and/or defective, leading to the water leakage. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 142.

In this regard, it is undisputed that no tests were ever carried out by any
technical experts or consultants to determine the source of the leakage in the
pleaded units. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p91(13) to 91(29).

When pressed on the reason for not testing, Mr Kannappan opined that to do so
would be unnecessary as the source of the water leakage was clear: 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p123(10) to 123(27).

Q: At page 498 to 501. Quite extensive. At the time when there was water
leakage discovered, again, was there any testing carried out by any technical
expert or consultant?

A: No.

Q: Did you believe that testing would be required to determine the source of
the leak?

A: Yes, external wall.

Q: Yes.

A: No need to specialist if---the---during the bad weather, down---heavy,
downpour, we can observe it, the leakings [sic].

Q: Okay, but couldn’t it have come from the structure of the building?

A: No.

Q: Why is that not possible?

A: The possibility is very, very less.

Q: So it’s possible but ---

A: It’s very less. It’s normally it’s ---the leaks--- the leaks shows is the
weakest joint. Which is the weakest joint is the window frame, door frame but
to the wall.

Q: So it is then based on your assumption that it must have come from the
window?

A: Yah, these are the photographs, these are the leaking. We are (indistinct)
to them, those leaking is due to the windows, window joint.

169 I agree with the defendant that given the alleged extensiveness of the
water leakage, it was incumbent on, and indeed imperative for the plaintiff
properly to establish the cause of the water defects. Especially considering
the series of water tightness tests that had previously been conducted in June
and August 2016, it would be reasonable to expect the plaintiff to conduct
another series of tests to ascertain the specific source of the water leakage
before carrying out further rectification works.

170 I note further that Mr Kannappan was unable to point satisfactorily to any
evidence of water leakage in respect of unit #06-14 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p433.

and was also unable to recall if rectification works were actually carried out
for said unit. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p122(17) to 122(19).

171 In respect of unit #07-13, Mr Wong said in his affidavit of evidence in
chief that he had detected leakage in the unit on 24 January 2017 after the
owner of the unit had reported it to him. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at para 46(j).

This was preceded by Mr Wong also having performed hacking and rectification
works on the same unit on 7 November 2016 in response to a complaint of
leaking. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at para 49.

If so, I find it hard to believe that it would leak again on 24 January 2017,
even after the plaintiff’s rectification works to patch up the alleged
unsatisfactory grouting. Mr Wong sought to explain that this leakage occurred
even after one round of hacking and plastering because there were some
problems with the plastering. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p99(1) to 99(12).

If anything, this would cast some doubt on whether the water leakage was even
a result of improper grouting by the defendant in the first place.

172 Viewed holistically, I find that the plaintiff has not discharged its
burden of proof to show that the defendant had breached cl 2.2 and Appendix A
of the Subcontract by failing to carry out grouting to ensure water tightness.

The Doors Issue

173 The plaintiff argues that the defendant breached cll 2.2 and 5.1 of the
Subcontract by: (a) constructing aluminium-framed shop-front doors at the
seventh storey units with insufficient headroom; and (b) by installing
thresholds for the balcony doors in an unsuitable manner. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 128.

174 Clause 2.2 of the Subcontract provides: 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, at p39.

2.2 Design, supply and install curtain wall systems, aluminium framed doors &
windows with glazing, aluminium louvred [sic] windows & doors, aluminium
trellis, suspended glass canopy/awning covered walkway aluminium perforated
screen for ACMV ledge including Permap acoustic panel, aluminium screen,
aluminium cladding, feature wall, feature wall structural steel support, all
structural tie-backs/support for your works to the main building structure
designed by your PE, grouting to frames at interfaces to ensure water
tightness, etc, and all ancillary works necessary and fit for the purpose, in
sizes and shapes all as described in APPENDIX A, as specified in the main
contract documents and shown in the main contract drawings, all to the
approval of the KAE and/or GAE. [emphasis added]

175 Clause 5.1 of the Subcontract provides: 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, at p41.

5.1 The Sub-Contractor shall read and execute all scope of work in accordance
with the drawings as well as to the satisfaction of the Architect, Developer
and/or the Main Contractor/Contractor. In the event that the sub-contractor’s
proposal is rejected by the Architect and/or Consultant, the sub-contractor
shall comply with the specifications without additional cost claim. Where, in
the opinion of the Architect and/or the Main Contractor, there is non-
compliance with the Specification or quality required, you shall immediately
replace such works at your own costs within three (3) days from the date of
notification by the Main Contractor. In the event that you fail to carry out
these replacement works, the Main Contractor reserves the right to do it and
recover all costs incurred from you. [emphasis added]

Doors at the seventh storey production units with insufficient headroom

176 The plaintiff argues that the defendant failed to meet the contractual
dimensions for the seventh storey doors provided in Annex A of the
Subcontract: a width of 2.15 metres and a height of 2.40 metres. The
defendant’s doors also failed to comply with the BCA building regulations
stipulating that the headroom for every room not be less than 2.0 metres. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at para 69.

This led to the architect issuing Direction No 188/AD/004 (“AD 004”) on 12
July 2016 directing the plaintiff to rectify the insufficient headroom of the
doors. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, p148 to 181.

Despite the request for the defendant to rectify the doors, the defendant
failed to do so. The plaintiff had to engage a third party contractor, Mantec
Engineering Pte Ltd (“Mantec”), to carry out the works. As a result, the
plaintiff incurred costs of $68,480. This was evidenced by Mantec’s payment
claim dated 29 December 2016. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 25; Agreed Bundle of Documents,
Vol 2, at p567 to 568.

177 The defendant submits that it did not breach cl 5.1 of the Subcontract
because it installed the seventh-storey doors in accordance with the approved
shop drawings enclosed in an email to the plaintiff on 20 April 2016. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 70 and 72.

As such, the “rectifications” were in fact changes to the original scope of
the Works for which the defendant ought to be compensated as variation works.
Moreover, the defendant offered to change the doors but the plaintiff declined
its request.

178 The defendant submits that cl 5.1 should be interpreted such that, where
work is carried out against approved shop drawings, the defendant cannot be in
breach of contract if it carries out those works entirely in accordance with
the shop drawings. As such, the defendant’s compliance with the relevant shop
drawings is sufficient to deflect any liability. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 76.

Finally, the defendant also submits that there are obvious discrepancies in
the costs that the plaintiff has allegedly incurred. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 84.

179 I accept the defendant’s submission as to the correct interpretation of cl
5.1 of the Subcontract. Clause 5.1 obliges the defendant to execute its works
“in accordance with the drawings as well as to the satisfaction of the
architect, Developer and/or the Main Contractor/Contractor”. Where drawings
have been approved, the defendant is not in breach of cl 5.1 unless it
deviates from the approved drawings. Commercially speaking, it is clear that
neither the architect nor the plaintiff should be entitled to allege a breach
of contract where the defendant has complied with approved shop drawings. To
interpret cl 5.1 otherwise would effectively grant the architect or the
plaintiff an unfettered contractual right to demand variations disguised as
rectifications. This would render cl 13.1 of the Subcontract, governing
variation works, entirely otiose.

180 The key factual issues for me to decide are thus whether the shop drawings
were approved and whether the plaintiff unreasonably prevented the defendant
from carrying out the replacement works. A further question was raised at
trial, which is whether the plaintiff actually incurred the costs which it
claims to replace the doors. That question is one which goes to quantum. I
therefore leave an analysis of that question to the assessment of damages
should I find the defendant liable for a breach of the Subcontract in this
respect.

Did the 20 April 2016 email contain approved shop drawings?

181 The defendant’s key argument is that it supplied and installed the
seventh-storey doors in accordance with approved shop drawings. These drawings
were attached to Mr Tan’s 20 April 2016 email to the plaintiff. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p576.

I am not satisfied that the architect in fact approved these shop drawings.

182 The contemporaneous evidence is in the form of Mr Kannappan’s reply on 21
April 2016 to the plaintiff. In that email, he asked the defendant to “extend
the approved shop drawing urgently for our review”. That strongly suggests
that the shop drawings attached to the earlier email were not approved.

183 My finding is bolstered by Mr Tan’s testimony at trial where he said that
the procedure for approving shop drawings required that the architect approve
them. The architect could evidence its approval either by a signature on the
shop drawings or by correspondence to the plaintiff indicating approval. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Notes of Evidence, 4 July 2019, p 13(6) to 13(24).

184 Unsurprisingly, this procedure was adopted to prevent disputes about
whether a particular set of shop drawings had or had not been approved. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Notes of Evidence, 4 July 2019, p13(25) to 14(27).

Yet, the shop drawings attached to Mr Tan’s affidavit of evidence in chief
bore no evidence of approval. There was also no documentary evidence that the
drawings had been approved in some other way. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Notes of Evidence, 4 July 2019, p16(10) to 16(13).

Mr Tan then testified that the shop drawings had been approved orally, at a
site discussion sometime before April 2016. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Notes of Evidence, 4 July 2019, p25(1) to 25(9).

Further, Mr Tan said that it was his ex-colleague Mr Raymond Manano (“Mr
Manano”), and not Mr Tan himself, who had handled securing the approval for
the shop drawings. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Notes of Evidence, 4 July 2019, p15(22) to 15(30).

The defendant did not call Mr Manano as a witness.

185 Given the paucity of evidence, I am not satisfied that the defendant
installed the seventh storey doors in accordance with the shop drawings which
had been approved. It also failed to comply with the Annex A specifications.

186 I further reject the defendant’s argument that the replacement of the
seventh-storey doors constituted variation works for which the plaintiff would
have to compensate the defendant over and above the contract sum.

187 The defendant’s representative, Mr Andy Kuan (“Mr Kuan”), failed to point
this out in his contemporaneous email sent on 19 July 2016 to the plaintiff.
188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p147.

Indeed, the defendant accepted the non-compliance and agreed to change the
doors. It is telling that the defendant did not suggest that the non-
compliance was not in fact the fault of the defendant, and would constitute a
variation work requiring the plaintiff to pay separately for it.

188 At trial, Mr Jeyalingam tried to assert that the defendant’s omission was
likely because the parties were rushing to obtain the TOP and Mr Kuan’s email
was reflective of the full report the defendant was willing to give the
plaintiff at the material time. I am not persuaded by Mr Jeyalingam’s
explanation. One reason is that by 19 July 2016, the TOP had already been
issued (ie, on 29 June 2016). Another reason is that Mr Jeyalingam’s
explanation would make sense only if a subcontractor placed the order to help
the main contractor meet the TOP, but the subcontractor would not bear the
expense.

189 I accept that it is common in the construction industry for works to
proceed without agreement as to payment in order not to jeopardise a handover
date. However, it would be reasonable to expect some form of discussion
between the parties making it clear that one party was proceeding with the
work first but leaving payment for future discussion. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p4(8) to 4(25).

190 This is also in stark contrast to Mr Tan’s 20 April 2016 email, where he
expressly made it clear that modification works for the door frames would
“incur additional cost”. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p576; Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p9(1) to
10(2).

This shows that the defendant made clear to the plaintiff when the proposed
work was a variation entitling the defendant to additional payment. There is
no evidence of the defendant taking any such position with respect to the
seventh-storey doors.

Did the plaintiff unreasonably prevent the defendant from carrying out
replacement works for the doors?

191 The defendant points out that it was ready and willing at all times to
replace the doors. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 81.

It was the plaintiff who unreasonably ignored the defendant and precipitously
engaged a third party to replace the doors. The plaintiff, having replaced the
doors unilaterally, cannot now hold the defendant liable for the plaintiff’s
alleged loss. The defendant relies, in particular, on the contemporaneous
emails exchanged by the parties. This comprises the plaintiff’s email on 24
October 2016, which the defendant says the plaintiff asked the defendant to
agree to replace the seventh-storey doors by “the close of business on this
Wednesday, 26 October 2016”. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 81; Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at
p357.

The defendant replied that it would replace the doors on 26 October 2016. But
the plaintiff replied on 27 October 2016 to say that it had already engaged a
third party to replace the seventh-storey doors, referring to its earlier
email dated 27 September 2016. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p356.

192 I do not accept the defendant’s submission. I arrive at this conclusion
for a few reasons.

193 First, the plaintiff’s email to the defendant on 24 October 2016 did not
make any mention of the seventh storey doors. It is clear that the plaintiff’s
request in the email for the defendant to provide a “positive response by the
close of business on this Wednesday, 26 October 2016”, failing which it would
“approach a third party” to carry out replacement works, was not a reference
to the seventh-storey doors. Rather, the plaintiff asked the defendant to
carry out rectification and replacement works for the glass panels in the
glass curtain wall that had begun to show “glass delamination/glass
bubbles/specks/spots/dots issues in the units”. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p357.

194 Second, the plaintiff’s refusal to accept the defendant’s request to
replace the seventh-storey doors in its 27 October 2016 email must be viewed
in the context of the plaintiff’s previous requests to the same effect.
Following AD 004, Mr Kannappan wrote to the defendant’s Mr Kuan on 19 July
2017 to ask the defendant to replace the doors. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p148.

Mr Kuan agreed to the plaintiff’s request in his reply on the same day. He
wrote that he had already instructed “Ron to place order the new doors to
replace it” and it would “take at least 6 to 8 weeks for the lead time”. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p147.

195 The defendant provided an update following an on-site meeting with the
plaintiff on 18 August 2016, with the defendant’s Mr Tan and Mr Kuan both
present. The update was that the replacement doors would arrive on 22
September 2016 but that the defendant would nevertheless try to expedite the
delivery date and inform the plaintiff the following week. This was recorded
in Mr Kannappan’s email on 19 August 2016 to the defendant. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p143.

196 However, by 17 September 2016, the defendant had failed to provide any
further updates. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p236.

The 22 September 2016 deadline elapsed without any further update from the
defendant. Mr Kannappan wrote another email to Mr Kuan on 27 September 2016
emphasising that “22 September 2016 has since come and gone” and the defendant
had yet to replace the seventh-storey doors. Mr Kannappan also put the
defendant on notice that if it failed to replace the doors by 29 September
2016, the plaintiff would “engage a third party to replace the affected …
doors on an urgent basis and all the costs and expenses shall be charged to
you accordingly”. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, at p337.

197 It was only close to a month later, on 26 October 2016, that the defendant
provided an email update informing the plaintiff that it would “start the
replacement [for the seventh-storey doors] in two weeks time”. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p356.

198 The defendant’s argument that the plaintiff unreasonably rejected its
offer to replace the doors made on 26 October 2016 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Tan Eng Hooi’s AEIC at para 20.

is therefore undercut by the fact that it had previously failed to abide by
its own timelines. The plaintiff’s rejection and subsequent decision to carry
out replacement works was entirely reasonable.

199 I also have doubts about whether the defendant had actually ordered the
replacement doors at all. If the replacement doors had been ordered and had
actually arrived on 22 September 2016, I find it hard to believe that the
defendant would have not informed the plaintiff of its intention to replace
the doors as soon as possible. In addition, the defendant disclosed no
evidence that it had actually ordered replacement doors or that the
replacement doors had actually arrived on or around 22 September 2016. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p143; Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p7(28)
to 8(12).

200 In fact, Mr Tan testified that he did not recall any instructions from Mr
Kuan to place an order for the doors and he did not personally place any
orders himself. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Notes of Evidence, 4 July 2019, p20(6) to 20(15).

As Mr Tan further admitted, even on 26 October 2016, the defendant had not
placed an order for the doors and it would place the order only upon the
approval of the plaintiff. Mr Tan tried to explain that it would be possible
to take delivery of replacement doors within two weeks if the order was placed
with a Singapore factory, rather than a factory in China, subject to a
difference in cost. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Notes of Evidence, 4 July 2019, p 22(5) to 22(18).

However, none of this information was ever communicated to the plaintiff. The
plaintiff was never given an opportunity at all to elect between the fast but
expensive and the slow but cheaper option. Close to a month had elapsed before
the defendant once again raised the matter of the door replacement.

201 In light of the defendant’s previous failure to abide by its own proposed
timeline and its subsequent radio silence on the matter, I find that it was
entirely reasonable for the plaintiff to reject the defendant’s request to
replace the seventh storey doors in its 27 October 2016 email.

202 The defendant is therefore liable to the plaintiff in respect of the
defendant’s breaches with regards to the seventh-storey doors.

Water-ingress at thresholds for the balcony doors of the seventh storey units

203 The plaintiff submits that the defendant installed thresholds for the
seventh-storey balcony door on the outside of the doors, such that the doors
would swing or open into the units. This rendered the units susceptible to
water ingress under the doors from the balconies. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 128.

This was a breach of the defendant’s obligation under cl 2.2 of the
Subcontract to ensure that the door thresholds were “necessary and fit for the
purpose”.

204 The architect gave the plaintiff an oral instruction during a site visit
on 19 April 2016 to dismantle and re-orient the thresholds. This instruction
was conveyed to the defendant. The defendant agreed that the plaintiff could
dismantle and re-orient the doors, as evidenced by the defendant’s email to
the plaintiff dated 30 July 2016 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, p190.

and its subsequent letter to the plaintiff dated 15 August 2016. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, p209 to 210.

205 As a result, the plaintiff incurred $10,330 in September and October 2016
to dismantle and re-orient 13 door thresholds on the seventh storey so that
they were on the inside of the doors and thereby able to prevent water
ingress. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p32(20) to 32(28).

The plaintiff notified the defendant of this deduction of $10,330 in its
Payment Response No 19 dated 1 December 2016 (“PR No 19”). Enclosed in PR No
19 were copies of timecards in connection with the labour supplied. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 28.

206 The defendant argues that the re-orientation of the 13 thresholds at the
seventh-storey balcony door was not within the scope of its Works and were
therefore variation works. As the re-orientation of the thresholds was
allegedly to ensure that the TOP could be obtained, 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at para 84.

the defendant points out that it is inconsistent for the plaintiff to have
replaced the thresholds only sometime in September and October 2016,
especially when the TOP had already been granted on 29 June 2016. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 88.

It was also not credible that the architect would give some of its
instructions in writing and some orally. The defendant is therefore not liable
for any of the costs incurred by the plaintiff.

207 Following the site walk on 19 April 2016, the architect orally instructed
the plaintiff that the barrier-free accessibility requirement in the building
code required that the lower door frame be dismantled. This was recorded in Mr
Tan’s email to Mr Kannappan on 20 April 2016. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p576.

Mr Tan emphasised however, that these “modification works [would] take at
least 2 weeks’ time to complete and [would] incur additional cost”.

208 By 30 July 2016 however, Mr Kuan had written to the plaintiff, saying that
pursuant to his conversation with Mr Liew that morning, the seventh storey
door “mock up is not up to the expectations” and the plaintiff would “engage
other to proceed the work and back charge the cost” to the defendant. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, p190.

Mr Kannappan replied to Mr Kuan’s email, noting the discussion, and confirmed
that the plaintiff would “get others contractor do the rectification and back
charges to Sun Moon Construction accordingly”. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, p190.

209 At trial, Mr Kannappan agreed that the re-orientation works were in fact
variation works: 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p26(12) to 26(20).

Q: Okay. Would you agree that this is really another piece of variation work?
It is not in the scope of --- here, I mean, they are supposed to supply and
install doors. This is balcony door, isn’t it, different---.

A: Yah.

Q: ---from the other doors. And they did so already. And here comes a verbal
instruction---

A: Okay.

Q: ---“go and change it, go and dismantle again”.

A: The verbal instruction is due to the water seepage issue.

This is supported by Mr Kannappan’s own concession that this change was not
reflected in either of the BCA structural drawings submitted by the plaintiff.
216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p42(20) to 43(31); Palaniappan Kannappan’s
AEIC at p540.

210 I find that the plaintiff has failed to discharge its burden of proof on
this head of claim. The plaintiff offered no explanation why the architect
would have given an oral instruction on an issue so fundamental as water
ingress. The plaintiff offered no explanation as to why, if the architect gave
the oral instruction in April 2016, the works on the door thresholds were
carried out only in October 2016. The plaintiff offered no explanation why, if
the works were necessary to obtain TOP, they were carried out after TOP had
been issued. And Mr Kannappan himself accepted in cross-examination that these
works were variations and not rectifications.

The Feature Wall Issues

211 The feature wall is a tall wall which runs from the ground floor of the
Project all the way to a point above the building’s flat roof. The defendant
completed installation of the feature wall in or around the first week of May
2016. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p22(29) to 22(32).

212 The plaintiff argues that the defendant breached cl 5.1 of the Subcontract
by failing to comply with the approved shop drawings when it installed the
feature wall. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 148.

It supplied and installed aluminium composite panels at the first storey of
the feature wall even though it was obliged to supply and install glass panels
there. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 147; Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at
para 78.

And it failed to furnish to the plaintiff a certificate of conformity,
certifying that these panels comply with the Singapore Civil Defence Force
Fire Code 2013 (“SCDF Fire Code”). Although the plaintiff did not specify
which clause of the Subcontract the defendant breached by this failure, it is
presumably alleged to be a breach of cl 2.2 of the Subcontract. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Notes of Evidence, 4 July 2019, p4(28) to 5(15).

It would cost the plaintiff $27,000 to engage another contractor to replace
the non-compliant panels, as evidenced by a quotation from Huida Construction.
221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p49(24) to 50(5).

213 The defendant rejects this claim. First, the issue of the feature wall was
considered and resolved at the adjudication application. The adjudicator
awarded the plaintiff $1,061.78 for the defendant’s failure to install glass
panels at the first storey of the feature wall. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 62 to 65.

Secondly, the plaintiff failed to approve any shop drawings with which the
defendant had failed to comply. In any event, the defendant had obtained Mr
Kannappan’s approval to install aluminium panels at the first storey. Third,
the plaintiff did not adduce any quotation from Huida Construction in
evidence. There is no basis to order an assessment of damages because the
plaintiff has suffered no loss. Fourth, there is plainly no obligation on the
defendant to produce a certificate of conformity. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 66 to 69.

Did the defendant breach cl 5.1 of the Subcontract?

214 I accept the plaintiff’s submission. It is true that Mr Kannappan referred
to a set of BCA-approved construction drawings at trial, rather than to the
shop drawings. But I do not accept that this is a determinative concession
that there were no shop drawings specifying that the defendant was to supply
and install glass panels for the feature wall. Indeed, this aspect of the
specification of the feature wall did not seem to be in contention at trial.
Thus, Mr Tan’s affidavit of evidence in chief said that the feature wall “was
a continuous wall spanning the first three levels of the front of the building
comprising 250 glass panels” 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Tan Eng Hooi’s AEIC at para 25.

[emphasis added]. He further confirmed this at trial: 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Notes of Evidence, 4 July 2019, p22(19) to 22(25).

Q: Yes. Now, Mr Tan, just a few short questions. In respect of the feature
wall, you call it, am I right to say that actually the subcontract provides
that the feature wall would only consist of a glass panel?

A: Yes.

Q: But eventually, you say that there was a void that would have filled up
with a aluminium panel instead, right?

A: Solid panel.

[emphasis added]

215 Mr Tan’s evidence was that the defendant installed the aluminium composite
panel because the plaintiff’s own construction works in the area where the
feature wall was supposed to be constructed resulted in a void space and a
structural opening into which the defendant’s pre-fabricated glass panel could
not be fitted. Thus, the void space was filled with an aluminium composite
panel. At trial, Mr Tan elaborated that this was because of a difference in
the site condition and the drawing condition. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Notes of Evidence, 4 July 2019, p22(28) to 23(12).

216 I do not accept Mr Tan’s evidence. Although the defendant was obliged to
supply and install a semi-unitised system of glass for the purposes of this
area according to the agreed dimensions, Mr Tan claimed that he informed Mr
Kannappan about this matter and obtained his due approval. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Tan Eng Hooi’s AEIC at para 25.

However, this assertion was not supported by any documentary evidence
disclosed in these proceedings. On the contrary, following a site walk on 21
April 2016, Mr Kannappan informed Mr Tan in an email dated 22 April 2016 that
the feature wall deviated from the drawings. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p577.

The defendant never responded to say that Mr Kannappan had given his approval
to the deviation.

217 By failing to comply with the approved shop drawings in relation to the
supply and installation of the feature wall, the defendant has breached cl 5.1
of the Subcontract.

Was the defendant under an obligation to provide a certificate of conformity?

218 I accept that the cl 2.2 of the Subcontract does not expressly provide
that the defendant is under an obligation to provide a certificate of
conformity. However, I agree with the plaintiff that the word “design” and the
phrase “necessary and fit for the purpose” in cl 2.2 should be broadly
interpreted to encompass the defendant’s obligation to ensure that the Works
are completed in accordance with the applicable regulatory requirements.
Indeed, Mr Jeyalingam conceded at trial that, if composite panels were used at
the Project, a certificate of conformity would have to be produced certifying
the combustibility of such panels in order to comply with the fire safety
regulations. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p110(31) to 111(14).

Mr Tan similarly agreed that the defendant had the responsibility of ensuring
that all of its designs complied with the relevant regulatory requirements.
230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Notes of Evidence, 4 July 2019, p4(28) to 5(7).

219 On 14 September 2017, the architect emailed Mr Kannappan, asking the
plaintiff to submit the “specifications and catalogue of the aluminium
composite panels for combustibility and flame spread”. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Arulchelvam Jeyalingam’s AEIC at p76.

The plaintiff conveyed this request to the defendant in an email dated 15
September 2017. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Arulchelvam Jeyalingam’s AEIC at p76.

The plaintiff sent a reminder to the defendant on 25 September 2017. Mr
Jeyalingam replied to say that the documents had already been submitted to the
plaintiff “prior to construction stage and actual utilisation onsite”. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

Arulchelvam Jeyalingam’s AEIC at p75.

220 Mr Jeyalingam expanded on this in his affidavit of evidence in chief. He
said that the plaintiff must have already been in possession of the necessary
information for them to have procured or assisted the architect and owner with
the TOP application. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Arulchelvam Jeyalingam’s AEIC at para 24; Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019,
p112(14) to 112(18).

As the TOP had already been granted by 25 September 2017, it would stand to
reason that the plaintiff’s request was entirely unnecessary and “ridiculous”.
235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Arulchelvam Jeyalingam’s AEIC at para 24.

This warranted the defendant’s rejection of the plaintiff’s request for the
defendant to ‘re-submit’ these documents.

221 Mr Kannappan however sent an email to Mr Jeyalingam on 26 September 2017
saying that the defendant had not submitted any certificate of conformity. The
defendant did not reply to this email. This prompted Mr Kannappan to send a
reminder on 26 October 2017, following the architect’s repeated request, for
the defendant to submit the certificate of conformity for the installed
aluminium composite panels. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p584.

222 I am not persuaded by Mr Jeyalingam’s explanation. Clearly, neither the
plaintiff nor the architect was in possession of the certificate of
conformity. That is why the architect asked for it in the very first place in
its 14 September 2017 email. Indeed, it would be highly improbable that the
architect would send a further email to the plaintiff in the week of 26
October 2017 if it already had the certificate in hand.

223 Mr Jeyalingam was asked this simple question at trial: would the defendant
now – at the time of trial – be willing to provide the certificate of
conformity to the plaintiff? Mr Jeyalingam was evasive and unwilling to give a
direct answer. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p113(32) to 115(32).

Although it might have been easy and straightforward for the defendant to give
the plaintiff the certificate of conformity, Mr Jeyalingam insisted on
characterising it as a private document. In his view, if it were truly
required for statutory approval, the defendant would only issue it directly to
the architect and not the plaintiff. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Notes of Evidence, 2 July 2019, p116(1) to 116(10).

Despite this, the defendant failed to supply it even directly to the
architect.

224 I fail to understand the source of the defendant’s repeated failure to
provide the certificate of conformity. Even if it were the case that the
defendant had already given the certificate to the plaintiff or the architect,
it would not be difficult for the defendant to re-submit a copy of it. Its
repeated failure in this regard leads me to the inexorable conclusion that it
was never in a position to provide the plaintiff with the certificate of
conformity at all.

225 I therefore find that the defendant has breached cl 2.2 of the Subcontract
by failing to provide to the plaintiff the certificate of conformity.

The Completion Issue

226 I turn now to the defendant’s counterclaim. The defendant’s case is that
it completed the Works. The defendant submits that the documentary evidence
discloses no disagreement between the parties on this issue. This is supported
by the defendant’s Payment Claim No 35 (“PC No 35”) submitted to the plaintiff
on 23 March 2018 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Cheng Jiu How Danny’s AEIC at p272.

and the plaintiff’s response in PR No 35 sent on 28 March 2018. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Cheng Jiu How Danny’s AEIC at p237.

Therefore, the defendant is entitled to recover from the plaintiff the balance
contractually due under the Subcontract. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 45.

227 In the adjudication application, the plaintiff was ordered to pay to the
defendant the sum of $264,835.11. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 19.

The plaintiff duly paid that sum. The plaintiff has however failed to make any
further payments. Taking into account the sums already paid, the defendant
quantifies the balance contractually due under the Subcontract at $327,333.75.
Alternatively, the defendant asks that its damages be assessed. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Setting Down Bundle at p45.

228 The plaintiff argues that the defendant’s counterclaim is deficient and
without merit. The defendant’s counterclaim should be dismissed because the
defendant has not provided a breakdown showing how it has derived its
counterclaim sum, either in its pleadings or its witnesses’ affidavits of
evidence in chief, as Mr Jeyalingam admitted at trial. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p31(7) to 32(8); Plaintiff’s Closing
Submissions at para 175.

229 It is true that the plaintiff has an entitlement under cl 20.2 of the
Subcontract to effect deductions or set-offs against sums owed to the
defendant. But it remains the case that whether the Works are complete and
whether there are defects in those works are conceptually distinct issues. For
the purposes of determining the defendant’s counterclaim, I need only decide
whether the defendant has in fact completed the Works.

230 I accept the defendant’s submission. While the defendant did not provide a
breakdown of how it derived its counterclaim sum, the defendant did refer to
PC No 35 and PR No 35 in Mr Cheng’s cross-examination. Mr Cheng said that he
understood, though did not accept, how the defendant’s counterclaim figure was
derived: 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p46(25) to 47(1).

Q: You have stated that you don’t know how they arrived at paragraph 15:
[reads] “The Defendant did not elaborate how they arrived at this sum”. Can I
ask you, in your view, what would be the balance sum due under the contract if
– since you don’t agree with this sum?

A: Because my computation or so-called my company’s computation I think there
is a minus 222,000 today.

Q: Okay, okay –

A: Because –

Q: Yes. So leaving aside any sum for defects or curtain wall, et cetera, et
cetera, assuming there were none of these, what would be the sum payable? Are
you able to comment on that?

A: That’s need to work out but why I said those – I do not – the paragraph 15
that “the defendant did not elaborate or explain how”, is because when I look
at the claim by Sun Moon under page 272, I can under the – the claim. It’s
341,234.783 and that is – that – that’s how it was prepared. So I can able to
trace – able to trace – what – how it comes to this figure but not this – this
figure 432. That’s why – that’s what I meant.

231 Defendant’s counsel clarified in his oral closing submissions that the
defendant had claimed a lower sum, ie $327,333.75, than its true entitlement
of $341,342.73, but that the latter sum could be dealt with under the
defendant’s alternative prayer for damages to be assessed. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Oral Closing Submissions, 9 September 2019.

232 In PC No 35 addressed to the plaintiff, the defendant claimed the sum of
$341,243.73 (excluding GST) from the plaintiff. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Cheng Jiu How Danny’s AEIC at p272.

In its PR No 35 to the defendant, the plaintiff said that it would withhold
the sum of $109,500 due to the defendant’s failure to submit the 10-year joint
warranty, the water tightness report and the as-built drawings. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Cheng Jiu How Danny’s AEIC at p238.

Notably however, PR No 35 did not reflect any outstanding works. Rather, the
difference between the claim and the response arose purely because of a list
of defects alleged by the plaintiff, as reflected in the “Reasons and
Calculations” column in PR No 35: 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Cheng Jiu How Danny’s AEIC at p239.

(a) The difference between the defendant’s claim of $1,173,869.74 and the
plaintiff’s response of $867,397.08, amounting to $306,472.66, was for
“[r]ejected work due to white spots/bubbles in glass”.

(b) The difference between the defendant’s claim of $195,444 and the
plaintiff’s response of $166,127.40, amounting to $29,316.60, was for
“[r]ejected work due to white spots/bubbles in glass”.

(c) The difference between the defendant’s claim for $168,623.34 and the
plaintiff’s response of $141,623.34, amounting to $27,000, was for the wrongly
installed feature wall.

233 I therefore accept the defendant’s submission the parties are agreed on
the figures contained in the defendant’s payment claim, subject only to the
alleged defects raised by the plaintiff.

234 Indeed, it is not in dispute that the defendant did supply materials and
did carry out the Works. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Closing Submissions at para 38.

The original completion date for the Project was 20 February 2016. This was
later revised to 9 April 2016. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at para 8.

The plaintiff has not raised any correspondence, showing that the plaintiff
considered that the Works remained incomplete. The only correspondence
produced is about rectifying defects, not about incomplete works.

235 Even at trial, the plaintiff has not specifically pointed to any Works
that the defendant failed to complete. Further, the plaintiff’s claims in this
action do not cover any Works said to be incomplete. The plaintiff’s claim in
this action make clear that its grievance is over defective work rather than
incomplete work.

236 I also find this consistent with Mr Wong’s evidence that the defendant in
fact completed the installation of the glass curtain wall. Mr Wong said that
he had become aware of the Glass Defects roughly three months after the
defendant had completed the curtain wall installation. Moreover, the Glass
Defects began to appear randomly on some of the glass panels only after the
defendant had completed its installation of the curtain wall glass panels. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

Wong Kwek Min’s AEIC at paras 14 to 15.

This was some time after the TOP was issued in late June 2016. Working
backwards, this would mean that the defendant must have completed installation
of the glass curtain wall sometime in March 2016. Indeed, as Mr Cheng also
candidly admitted in cross examination, both the as-built drawings and the
10-year joint warranty would arise in practical terms only after the Works
were complete. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p30(30) to 31(2).

Moreover, Mr Kannappan similarly said that by July 2016, the construction
works were complete: 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

Notes of Evidence, 1 July 2019, p66(29) to 67(4).

Q: Do you know if subsequently there were any directions issued by the
architect to replace panels?

A: No.

Q: No? So, I can take it that this is the only unit that the architect
referred to?

A: During that time, July --- July.

Q: Okay, during that time. Would you agree with me that the architect was
overall satisfied with the works and that was why he applied for TOP and CSC?

A: Yah, the physical works is complete.

[emphasis added]

237 That the plaintiff itself accepted that the defendant had competed the
Works is supported by its own correspondence in a series of emails.

238 In an email sent by the plaintiff to the defendant on 26 August 2016, the
plaintiff clearly said that the only contractual obligations which remained
outstanding related to the (a) submission of as-built drawings, (b) full set
of water tightness report, (c) submission of 10-year warranty, (d) replacement
of seventh-storey shop front door and (e) issues of bubbles appearing in
glass. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p134.

239 This was repeated in the plaintiff’s later email to the defendant on 17
September 2016. This email reflected the same outstanding issues, with the
addition of a “rectification report for the architect direction 188/AD/004”.
256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p236.

240 Another series of emails sent by the plaintiff to the defendant on 24
October 2016 and 27 October 2016 also recorded that the only outstanding
issues as of those dates pertained to (a) submission of as-built drawings, (b)
rectification report for defects reported in architect direction 188/AD/004,
(c) original water tightness report and (d) bubbles/specks/spots/dots
appearing on the glass panels. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

Palaniappan Kannappan’s AEIC at p355 to 357.

241 I am satisfied that the defendant completed the Works. It is thus entitled
to recover from the plaintiff the balance due under the Subcontract. The
quantum, of course, is contingent on the defendant establishing the figure in
question and also to the plaintiff’s right to make deductions or set-offs
under cl 22.1 of the Subcontract. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, at p45.

The defendant’s damages on this head of the counterclaim will be assessed.

The Retention Issue

242 Clause 20 of the Subcontract governing the retention moneys reads: 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 1, at p44.

20.0 RETENTION MONEY

20.1 The Sub-Contractor’s progress claims and payment shall be subjected to a
retention of ten (10%) percent of amount of works done, up to a limit of 5% of
sub-contract sum.

20.2 2.5% (half of 5%) of retention monies will be released upon satisfactory
completion of all works and receipt of the main contract completion. Final
2.5% retention to be released after the receipt of the maintenance certificate
issued by the Architect and the also the final retention sum from the
developer. Maintenance period is 15 months commencing from Completion
Certificate issued by the Architect.

20.3 For avoidance of doubt, we serve the right to retain any money due to you
under the Sub-Contract pending the submission of the warranty (If specified
under the Contract).

243 The defendant makes the following arguments on cl 20.2: (a) the parties
mistakenly omitted the word “certificate” after the words “main contract
completion” 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 44.

, (b) there is an implied term that the first half of the retention sum was to
be released when the plaintiff received the main contract certificate and (c)
the test for “satisfactory completion of all the works” is an objective test,
to be assessed from the perspective of a reasonable main contractor, and not a
subjective test to be assessed from the plaintiff’s perspective. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 7(g).

The defendant thus argues that the plaintiff is liable to pay the defendant
the first half the retention sum valued at 2.5% of the Subcontract price, ie,
$54,750.

244 I do not need to deal with the defendant’s counterclaim for rectification
of cl 20.2 by inserting the word “certificate” after the words “main contract
completion”. I consider that I can achieve the same effect by a correcting it
as a matter of construction. The prerequisites for a correcting as a matter of
construction are satisfied in this case and are set out in East v Pantiles
(Plant Hire) [1982] 2 EGLR 111 at 112 (applied by Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in Ng
Swee Hua v Auston International Group Ltd and Another [2008] SGHC 241 at
[33]–[35] and discussed in Chartbrook Ltd v Persimmon Homes Ltd [2009] 1 AC
1101 at [22]–[25]).

245 I accept the defendant’s submission. I have found that the defendant
completed the Works. It is entitled to the release of 50% of the retention
moneys amounting to 2.5% of the Subcontract price pursuant to cl 20.2 of the
Subcontract. I allow the defendant’s counterclaim accordingly.

246 As an aside, I need not consider whether the defendant is entitled to the
second half of the retention sum valued at 2.5% of the Subcontract price, ie,
the second tranche $54,750. This is because defendant’s counsel said in his
closing submissions that the defendant was not pursuing the remaining 2.5% as
the second half of the retention moneys because the claim had not been
pleaded. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

Oral Closing Submissions, 9 September 2019.

Mr Jeyalingam accepted this in his cross-examination. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

Notes of Evidence, 3 July 2019, p32(13) to 32(28).

The general rule is that parties are bound by their pleadings and the court is
precluded from deciding on a matter that the parties themselves have decided
not to put into issue (V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate of Ponnusamy
Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another [2015] 5 SLR
1422 at [38]).

The Adjudication Costs Issue

247 Section 30(4) of the Building and Construction Industry Security of
Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) provides as follows:

Costs of adjudication proceedings

30\. — (4) A party to an adjudication shall bear all other costs and expenses
incurred as a result of or in relation to the adjudication, but may include
the whole or any part thereof in any claim for costs in any proceeding before
a court or tribunal or in any other dispute resolution proceeding.

248 The defendant submits that, if it succeeds in defending the plaintiff’s
claims, it should also be entitled to recover as part of its damages in this
action under s 30(4) of the SOPA, the costs of the adjudication application
amounting to $24,717. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 60.

249 The plaintiff accepts that a party may in principle recover the costs of
an adjudication application as damages under s 30(4) of the SOPA. But the
plaintiff argues that the defendant still bears the burden of proving
causation, ie that the plaintiff wrongly withheld progress payments due to the
defendant, thereby causing the defendant to incur the costs of the
adjudication application. In view of the defendant’s defective works and
contractual defaults, the plaintiff was entitled to withhold payment to set-
off against such sums due. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 181.

250 The defendant’s argument can succeed only if it successfully defends all
of the plaintiff’s claims. I have allowed several of the plaintiff’s claims as
set out above. I therefore find the defendant’s argument to be without merit.

251 I dismiss the defendant’s claim to recover as damages in this action the
costs it incurred in the adjudication application.

Conclusion

252 For the reasons set out above, I now enter judgment on the plaintiff’s
claim in this action as follows:

(a) The defendant is liable in damages to the plaintiff on the Glass Defects
Issue for breach of contract in failing to meet the specifications set out in
cl 2.2.1(a) of the AS, cl 3.3.7(b) of the NPQS and cl 3.3.7(c) of the NPQS but
no others.

(b) The defendant is liable to the plaintiff in damages for failing to provide
to the plaintiff the as-built drawings as required by cl 2.6 of the
Subcontract.

(c) The defendant is liable in damages to the plaintiff for failing to provide
the plaintiff with the 10-year joint warranty as required by cl 2.12 of the
Subcontract.

(d) The defendant is not liable to the plaintiff on the Water Tightness Issue.

(e) The defendant is liable in damages to the plaintiff for breach of contract
in failing to meet the specifications set out in Appendix A of the letter of
award, as incorporated into the Subcontract, in relation to the seventh-storey
doors.

(f) The defendant is not liable to the plaintiff for breach of contract in
relation to the water ingress due to the misoriented thresholds for the
seventh-storey balcony doors.

(g) The defendant is liable in damages to the plaintiff for breach of contract
in failing to comply with the approved shop drawings in relation to the supply
and installation of the feature wall, in breach of cl 5.1 of the Subcontract.

(h) The defendant is liable in damages to the plaintiff for failing to provide
the certificate of conformity for the aluminium composite panels in the
feature wall in breach of cl 2.2 of the Subcontract.

(i) Interlocutory judgment shall be entered for the plaintiff against the
defendant on paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (e), (g) and (h) above. The damages due
from the defendant to the plaintiff for these breaches shall be assessed
separately in this action.

(j) The plaintiff’s claims on the Glass Defects Issue (to the extent that I
have not found the defendant liable under paragraph (a) above) and the
plaintiff’s claims under paragraphs (d) and (f) above be and are hereby
dismissed.

253 I also now enter judgment on the defendant’s counterclaim in this action
as follows:

(a) The plaintiff is liable to the defendant for failing to pay to the
defendant the balance sum due under the Contract upon the defendant’s
completion of the Works.

(b) Interlocutory judgment shall be entered for the defendant against the
plaintiff on paragraph (a) above. The damages due from the defendant to the
plaintiff for this breach shall be assessed separately in this action.

(c) Final judgment shall be entered for the defendant against the plaintiff
for the sum of $54,750, being 50% of the retention sum which the plaintiff now
holds under cl 20.2 of the Subcontract.

(d) I make no order on the defendant’s claim: (i) for rectification of cl 20.2
of the Subcontract; and (ii) against the plaintiff for payment of the
liquidated sum of $327,333.75.

(e) I dismiss the remainder of the defendant’s counterclaim. This comprises:
(i) the defendant’s claim to “strike out” cll 2.6 and 2.12 of the Subcontract;
and (ii) the defendant’s claim to recover the costs which it incurred in the
adjudication application as damages in this action.

254 I will hear the parties on costs either now or together with the
assessment of damages.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy

Tan Beng Swee and Leonard Lee (CTLC Law Corporation) for the plaintiff and
defendant in counterclaim;Xhuanelado Owen (Kalco Law LLC) for the defendant
and plaintiff in counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

