Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 225

Criminal Case No 23 of 2020

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Tan Kok Meng  
---  
  
… Defendant

Judgment

[Criminal law] — [Offences] — [Murder]

[Criminal law] — [General exceptions] — [Unsoundness of mind]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Tan Kok Meng

[2020] SGHC 225

High Court — Criminal Case No 23 of 2020  
Valerie Thean J  
11 – 14 Aug, 5 Oct 2020

3 November 2020

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 On 13 November 2015, the accused, Tan Kok Meng (“Kok Meng”) and his father,
Tan Ah Hin (“Mr Tan”), were locked in together at home from 2.30 pm. Upon her
return shortly after 5 pm, Toh Meow Siang (“Mdm Toh”), Mr Tan’s wife,
discovered her husband lying on the floor in a pool of blood, with her son
sitting on a sofa with his clothes, arms and legs covered in dried blood.

2 Kok Meng is charged with murder under s 300(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Rev Ed). It is undisputed that Kok Meng was of unsound mind at the
material time. The Prosecution sought a finding that Kok Meng had committed
the act, and following such a finding, for an order under s 252 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) to be made for Kok Meng.

Facts

3 Kok Meng, who was 42 at the material time, lived with his girlfriend 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

AB 146 at para 11.

Chenny Besueno Amahan (“Chenny”) in his parents’ HDB flat in Bedok (“the
Flat”).

4 Prior to the day of the incident, Kok Meng had been observed by Mdm Toh to
be looking dazed and hallucinating at home. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AB 139 at paras 2 – 3.

On the day of the offence, 13 November 2015, Chenny noted that Kok Meng was
“talking with words that made no sense”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

P313 at para 12.

She left the apartment at 8 am in the morning. Mdm Toh also observed Kok Meng
pacing up and down the flat. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AB 139 at para 2.

As Kok Meng “was not in a good state”, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AB 139 at para 3.

Mdm Toh did not want him to leave the house and therefore kept the house keys
from him, buying his cigarettes for him instead of allowing him to leave the
Flat. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB 139 at para 4.

Mr Tan’s demise

5 Mdm Toh had a medical appointment that afternoon, and she left at around
2.30 pm. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB 140 at para 4.

Prior to her departure, she told Mr Tan, who was 75 years old at the material
time, to keep watch over Kok Meng and not to let him leave the Flat. The gate
to the Flat was padlocked before she left. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB 139 at para 5.

6 Upon Mdm Toh’s return at about 5.30 pm, the gate was still padlocked. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB 139 at para 5.

She saw Mr Tan lying supine on the floor, with his head in a pool of blood and
blood on his face. She also heard “heavy breathing sounds”. Kok Meng’s clothes
were covered in dried blood and he was seated on the sofa facing Mr Tan’s
body. Mdm Toh asked Kok Meng what happened but he did not reply. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB 139 at para 5.

Mdm Toh left the flat to seek help from neighbours. Two, Mr Chua Kee Pau
(“Chua”) and Mr Mohamad Zin bin Abdul Karim (“Zin”), came to her aid. They
similarly saw blood on Kok Meng’s hands and body. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB 157 at para 4; AB 152 at para 5.

Zin called for an ambulance. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB 157 at para 3.

Mdm Toh returned to the flat and shouted at Kok Meng, asking why he had killed
his father. At that point, Kok Meng walked towards Mr Tan. He straddled Mr
Tan, “placed both his hands on the deceased’s upper chest, just below the
throat area and at the collar bone area”, and said he would save Mr Tan, in
Chinese. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB 139 at para 7.

Zin, who saw Kok Meng sitting on Mr Ng’s stomach, pulled Mdm Toh away and
escorted her to the corridor outside her flat. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB 157 at para 6.

There, Chua and Zin stayed with Mdm Toh as they waited for help to arrive. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AB 153 at para 6; AB 157 at para 6.

7 Three paramedics arrived at the Flat around 5.19 pm. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AB 161 at para 1.

They were Zaneta Lee (“Zaneta”), Muhammad Farhan Bin Kasim (“Farhan”) and
Muhammad Farid Bin Abdol Rahim (“Farid”). Upon arrival, Zaneta ascertained Mr
Tan to be a ‘3’ on the Glasgow Coma Scale. The Glasgow Coma Scale measures a
subject’s responsiveness. A score of ‘15’ is the highest score and a score of
‘3’ is the lowest on the scale. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE 11 August 2020, p 45 lines 11 – 23.

Mr Tan’s heartbeat was also “slow and weak”, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE 11 August 2020, p 45 lines 30 – 31.

which in turn signified an “issue with [the] heart”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE 11 August 2020, p 46 lines 3 – 5.

As the team required assistance from the police, Farid was sent downstairs to
the ambulance to retrieve the communication set, as well as additional
incontinence sheets and wound dressings. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB 161 at para 4.

8 Mr Tan’s face was “quite battered up”, with “puffy puffy eyes”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE 11 August 2020, p 103 lines 22 – 23.

His head was fairly “swollen”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AB 161 at para 4.

Mr Tan was also making a “snoring-like” sound. This was a sign of obstruction
in his airway. Zaneta therefore inserted an Oral Pharyngeal Airway device
(“OPA”), and the sound stopped thereafter. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AB 162 at para 5.

9 When Mr Tan was being attended to, Zaneta, Farhan, Kok Meng and Mr Tan were
the only people in the Flat. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE 11 August 2020 p 47 lines 13 – 16.

While inserting the OPA, Zaneta asked Kok Meng what had happened. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AB 162 at para 7; AB 171 at para 6.

Kok Meng suddenly stood up from the sofa and moved towards Mr Tan. Both Zaneta
and Farhan testified that the accused sat on Mr Tan’s abdominal region and
placed his hands on Mr Tan’s throat. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AB 171 at para 7; AB 163 at para 9.

In keeping with their protocols on safety, Zaneta and Farhan stepped
backwards, away from Mr Tan and Kok Meng. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AB 171 at para 7; AB 163 at para 8; NE 11 August 2020, p 104 lines 26 – 27.

Zaneta shouted at Kok Meng to stop and to move away, and eventually, Kok Meng
returned to the sofa. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AB 171 para 8; AB 163 at para 10.

10 Shortly after, Farid returned. Police officers arrived at the scene. One of
the police officers assisted the paramedics to move Mr Tan to the ambulance.
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AB 163 at para 12.

The ambulance departed for the hospital at about 5.45 pm. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AB 165 at para 16.

Around 5.51 pm, Mr Tan stopped breathing and his pulse was faint at around 36
beats per minute. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AB 165 at para 18.

His pulse weakened to about 24 beats per minute around the time of arrival at
Changi General Hospital. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AB 165 at para 19.

11 Mr Tan arrived at the hospital around 5.55 pm. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AB 165 at para 20.

Dr Paul Yow Zhi Wen (“Dr Yow”) was the doctor who attended to him and reported
that Mr Tan had no vital signs. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE 12 August, p6 line 3 – 5.

Chest compression was immediately applied and a video laryngoscope inserted.
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AB 118.

Dr Yow observed that there was a large amount of accumulated blood inside Mr
Tan’s mouth and in his throat. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AB 118; NE 12 August 2020 p 43 lines 25 – 30; p 44 lines 8 – 13.

The doctors attempted to suction this blood out. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 7 lines 18 – 21.

Dr Yow also observed a “transverse laceration of tongue” measuring about one
centimetre in length. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 12 August 2020 p 10 lines 13 – 32; AB 118.

Finally, he noted bruising and swelling over Mr Tan’s neck, and assorted
injuries on the face, eyes and chin. Despite the best efforts of Dr Yow and
his team, Mr Tan could not be resuscitated. Mr Tan was pronounced dead at 6.37
pm on 13 November 2015. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AB 118.

12 Subsequently, Associate Professor Teo Eng Swee (“A/Prof Teo”) conducted an
autopsy and concluded that Mr Tan’s cause of death was “strangulation and
aspiration of blood”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AB 78 Autopsy Report at p 13.

Kok Meng’s arrest, statements and psychiatric condition

13 Kok Meng was arrested by the police who arrived at the Flat shortly after
Farid returned. He made various statements to Sergeant Khor Jia Yi, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AB 181 at para 7.

Staff Sergeant Travinder Jit Singh 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AB 185 at para 6.

and Senior Staff Sergeant Koh Mun Gek. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AB 194 at para 6.

He was interviewed subsequently by Assistant Superintendent Tan Boon Kok at
the premises of the Criminal Investigation Department at 7.20 pm. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AB 211 at para 5

Dr Raymond Lim (“Dr Lim”) conducted a physical examination of Kok Meng before
Kok Meng’s s 23 CPC statement was recorded and Dr Kong Jun Cheong (“Dr Kong”)
examined Kok Meng him after the statement was taken.

14 In respect of his psychiatric state, Kok Meng was seen by Dr Subhash Gupta
(“Dr Gupta”), then-Consultant with the Department of General and Forensic
Psychiatry, Institute of Mental Health, and Dr Cheow Enquan (“Dr Cheow”),
Associate Consultant at the Department of Forensic Psychiatry. Dr Gupta and Dr
Cheow shared the same opinion that Kok Meng had been of unsound mind at the
time of the alleged offence. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AB 133 Dr Cheow’s Psychiatric Report dated 24 June 2018 at para 14; AB 124 Dr
Gupta’s Medical Report dated 11 March 2016 at paras 19 – 20.

While Dr Cheow’s report originally suggested that Kok Meng’s methamphetamine
consumption could have contributed to his “disorganised behaviour”, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AB 133 at para 14

Dr Cheow confirmed at trial his view that Kok Meng would have been of unsound
mind, with or without the consumption of methamphetamine. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE 13 August 2020, p 53 lines 15 – 17

At trial, being presented with evidence that Kok Meng had tested negative for
amphetamine after his arrest, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE 13 August 2020, p 52 lines 9 – 19

Dr Cheow reconsidered his original view (that the accused was in a state of
acute drug intoxication at the time of offence). The joint finding of Dr Gupta
and Dr Cheow that Kok Meng had been of unsound mind at the time of the alleged
offence was accepted by both the Prosecution and the Defence.

Context and issues

15 Kok Meng’s charge reads:

That you, TAN KOK MENG,

on the 13 November 2015 at Block 416 Bedok North Avenue 2 #04-35, Singapore
460416, did commit murder, to wit, by strangling one Tan Ah Hin (75 years
old/male) and inflicting multiple blows on his face, with the intention of
causing his death, and you have thereby committed an offence under section
300(a) punishable under Section 302(1) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

16 Section 300(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”)
states:

Murder

300\. Except in the cases hereinafter excepted culpable homicide is murder —

(a) if the act by which the death is caused is done with the intention of
causing death;

…

17 It is not disputed that Kok Meng was of unsound mind at the time of the
incident. An acquittal would follow from s 84 of the Penal Code. Accordingly,
a finding under s 251 of the CPC as to whether Kok Meng committed the act was
necessary. Section 251 of the CPC reads:

Acquittal on ground of unsound mind

251. If an accused is acquitted on the ground that at the time at which he is alleged to have committed an offence he was by reason of unsoundness of mind incapable of knowing the nature of the act as constituting the offence or that it was wrong or contrary to law, the finding must state specifically whether he committed the act or not. 

18 The Prosecution sought a finding that Kok Meng committed the act and prayed
for an order under 252 of the CPC. Section 252 of the CPC reads:

Safe custody of person acquitted

252\. —(1) Whenever the finding states that the accused committed the act
alleged, the court before which the trial has been held shall, if that act
would but for the incapacity found have constituted an offence, order that
person to be kept in safe custody in such place and manner as the court thinks
fit and shall report the case for the orders of the Minister.

(2) The Minister may order that person to be confined in a psychiatric
institution, prison or other suitable place of safe custody during the
President’s pleasure.

19 I should clarify an issue arising from the Prosecution’s submission. Owing
to the words “if that act would but for the incapacity found have constituted
an offence” (emphasis added) within s 252(1) of the CPC, the Prosecution
submitted that I should make a finding that but for his unsoundness of mind,
Kok Meng had the intention to kill, and invited me to infer this intent from
the surrounding circumstances. Such a reading, based on the words of the
subsection, could, however, lead to legal absurdity. It would necessitate that
the court make an assessment of Kok Meng’s mental state in the hypothetical;
conversely, Kok Meng’s unsoundness of mind is that which makes the assessment
impossible.

20 In my view, in the present case, s 252(1) of the CPC should be construed
with close regard to its context (see Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney General [2017]
2 SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng Bock”) at [37(a)]). Section 252 of the CPC complements s
251 of the CPC. Sections 251 and 252 have historically been sister provisions
in successive versions of the Criminal Procedure Code since its first
enactment in 1955. Both provisions operate in tandem to secure safe custody
for those of unsound mind. The object of s 251 of the CPC is to consider
whether an accused who has been found of unsound mind has committed the actus
reus of the offence. Mens rea is not relevant in s 251 because its premise is
that the accused is of unsound mind. The function of s 252(1), which follows
after, is to enable a relevant order to be made for a person for whom s 251 of
the CPC applies. The use, then, of the words “but for the incapacity would
have constituted an offence” within s 252(1) was draughting shorthand to refer
to the particular finding of actus reas made in s 251, not to introduce what
would then be a new requirement of mens rea, which s 251 did not necessitate.
I approach this judgment, therefore, from the premise that the only issue is
whether the Prosecution has proven beyond reasonable doubt that Kok Meng had
caused the death of Mr Tan.

21 The Prosecution’s case rested on circumstantial evidence. Where this is the
case, the cumulative effect of all the evidence in the case must lead
irresistibly to the conclusion that Kok Meng caused the death of Mr Tan: Ang
Sunny v Public Prosecutor [1965] SGFC 8 at [13] (“Sunny Ang”). As was
explained by V K Rajah J (as he then was) in Public Prosecutor v Chee Cheong
Hin Constance [2006] SGHC 9 at [85] (“Constance Chee”):

The various links in the interlocking chain of evidence must establish a
complete chain that rules out any reasonable likelihood of an accused’s
innocence. Guilt must be the only rational inference and conclusion to be
drawn from the complete chain of evidence. In assessing the circumstances, the
court should discount fanciful or speculative possibilities. However, if more
than one reasonable inference can be elicited from the factual matrix, the
inference most sympathetic to the accused ought to be accepted.

22 The relevant issues for the present case are therefore the following:

(a) what was the cause of Mr Tan’s death; and

(b) whether Kok Meng’s actions are the only rational explanation for Mr Tan’s
death.

23 The Defence approached the case from the stance that the Prosecution must
prove, beyond a reasonable doubt that Kok Meng caused Mr Tan’s death by
strangling him and inflicting multiple blows his face. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DWS para 23.

The following were asserted, in particular:

(a) reasonable doubt whether Kok Meng strangled Mr Tan;

(b) reasonable doubt whether strangulation caused death;

(c) reasonable doubt whether Kok Meng inflicted multiple blows on the
deceased’s face;

(d) reasonable doubt whether the alleged multiple blows caused death;

(e) reasonable doubt as to the aspiration of blood; and

(f) delay caused the death of Mr Tan.

24 I deal with these various contentions in the context of the two relevant
issues.

Cause of Mr Tan’s death

25 A/Prof Teo’s autopsy report concluded that the cause of Mr Tan’s death was
aspiration of blood, which was explained as the flow of blood into the lungs,
and strangulation. There was “no direct cause-effect relationship” between the
two causes. Both independently could have caused death. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AB 85, Letter dated 21 January 2019 at p 1.

26 With regard to strangulation, the autopsy report identified multiple
bruises and abrasions on the neck. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AB 70, Autopsy Report at p 5.

This was coupled together with extensive haemorrhaging on multiple regions of
subcutaneous soft tissue and muscles in the neck. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AB 74, Autopsy Report at p 9.

With regard to aspiration of blood, the main source of the aspirated blood was
the deep laceration of the tongue. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AB 85, Letter dated 21 January 2019 at p 1.

A/Prof Teo pointed to a trans-mural rupture of the tongue with the following
communicating superior and inferior lacerations: first, a laceration 2 cm long
over the midline inferior aspect of the tongue, 1cm from the tip of the tongue
and second, a laceration shaped like the Mercedes-Benz logo, measuring 2.5cm x
2.5cm x 2.5cm over the anterior part of the superior aspect of the tongue. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AB 76, Autopsy Report at p 11.

The two lacerations (collectively, “the Tongue Laceration”), upon forensic
autopsy, were discovered to be connected 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 76 lines 9 – 11.

, hence the single “transmural rupture of the tongue. For clarity, “trans-
mural rupture” means “the entire wall of the tongue was penetrated”, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE 12 Aug 2020, p 28 lines 8 – 10.

much like the sort of puncturing seen in tongue piercings which “go all the
way through”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE 12 Aug 2020, p 28 lines 13 – 15.

27 Professor Teo explained in a clarification report that tongue lacerations
are commonly caused when the tongue is between the teeth, and a fall on the
face or a blow to the face occurs. The shape and pattern of the Tongue
Laceration in this case was consistent with a punch to a face. If Mr Tan was
wearing his dentures, the dentures could have become dislodged within the
mouth, and further punching could have caused the dentures to lacerate the
tongue. Alternatively, the tongue could have been lacerated during punching of
the face, when the tongue was between the dentures. The transmural nature was
consistent with the tongue laceration being due to a punch to the face. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AB 85, Letter dated 21 January 2019 at p 2.

It was unlikely that the Tongue Laceration was caused by the insertion of the
OPA.

28 The Defence did not adduce any medical evidence. They raised by way of
cross-examination and submissions the following contentions:

(a) delay by the paramedics contributed to Mr Tan’s death;

(b) aspiration of blood was not a cause of death; and

(c) there was reasonable doubt that strangulation was a cause of death.

I deal with these in turn.

Delay

29 The Defence argued that the delay in the Flat by the paramedics affected Mr
Tan’s chance of survival. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at paras 211 – 214.

30 This contention is answered by explanation 2 of s 299 of the Penal Code:

Where death is caused by bodily injury, the person who causes such bodily
injury shall be deemed to have caused the death, although by resorting to
proper remedies and skilful treatment the death might have been prevented.

31 In any event, there was no evidence that any delay affected Mr Tan’s
chances of survival. Questioned on this, Farid agreed that “delay would have
affected the victim’s chance of obtaining A&E treatment swiftly” 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE 11 August 2020, p 130 lines 11 – 12.

, and Dr Yow stated: “the earlier a patient gets to us, definitely increases
the chance of survival”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 41 lines 22 – 31.

But these were generic truisms rather than a concession that there was any
material delay. Further, Kok Meng himself interrupted Mr Tan’s treatment by
sitting on him and strangling him. The paramedics were only able to resume
treatment after Kok Meng moved away.

Aspiration as a cause of death

Absence of the Tongue Laceration

32 The Defence submitted that since neither the Tongue Laceration nor blood
resulting from such lacerations was seen, the Tongue Laceration was not
present when the paramedics arrived at the Flat 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCS at paras 125 – 137

and not present when the deceased arrived at the hospital either. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DCS at paras 138 – 153

33 I start with the assertion relating to the absence of any tongue laceration
when Mr Tan was treated by the paramedics. Zaneta did not see the particular
lacerations described in the autopsy report. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE 11 August 2020 p 71 lines 1 – 6; p 72 lines 12 – 20.

Zaneta explained that she could have missed the laceration, because the tongue
was stained with blood. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE 11 August 2020, p 98 lines 9 – 10.

This explanation makes sense, especially considering that Zaneta was providing
emergency services in a stressful environment where Kok Meng had attempted to
strangle Mr Tan in her presence.

34 Dr Yow, on the other hand, did see a laceration. However, the laceration he
noted was only about one centimetre in length. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AB 118.

Related to this, the Defence asserted that the laceration which Dr Yow noted
was not the one reflected in the autopsy report. The Defence relied on the
size of the laceration measured by Dr Yow. The “Mercedes-Benz-type shaped
laceration” 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

P248, AB 76 Autopsy Report at p 11.

(one of the two lacerations that comprised the Tongue Laceration) was 2.5
centimetres in diameter. The transverse linear laceration described by Dr Yow
was one centimetre in length. The doctors acknowledged that a two-centimetre
laceration was different from a one-centimetre laceration. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE 13 August 2020, p 8 lines 11 – 12; NE 12 August p 28 lines 28 – 29.

But this did not necessarily mean that they were describing different
lacerations. Dr Yow commented that the tongue was extremely swollen, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 11 lines 3 – 6.

and the “exact shape or dimension of the laceration would have been difficult
to make out on account of the swelling of the tongue. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE 12 August 2020 p 11 lines 9 – 14.

A/Prof Teo explained, “the tongue is a muscle […] so it’s like making a cut
into a piece of beef. If we – if we make a cut into a piece of beef and we
move the knife around and you take the knife out, the meat just closes back on
itself and all you may see is a small cut but you don’t see the true extent of
the cut until you actually open the meat up.” 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 76 lines 1 – 5

It was Professor Teo’s testimony that he himself did not appreciate the true
extent of the injury until he had “pulled the tongue apart”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 76 lines 9 – 14

The tongue, being a muscular organ, “can collapse especially after a person
has died”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE 13 August 2020, p 8 lines 6 – 7

Though “differently described, it could refer to the same laceration because
the laceration has changed shape”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE 13 August 2020, p 8 lines 5 – 6

Absence of blood loss associated with tongue laceration

35 The Defence further contended that there was insufficient evidence of the
substantial blood loss expected of a tongue laceration. Zaneta did not notice
any “visible secretion of blood” and therefore did not perform any suctioning.
75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AB 162 at para 6.

She testified that the mouth was clear and that there was no accumulation of
blood, fluids, or active bleeding. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE 11 August 2020 p 67 lines 31 – 32, p 68 lines 17 – 25.

Farid and Farhan, similarly, confirmed that there was no accumulation of blood
inside the mouth and neither was there any blood “gushing out of the mouth”.
77

##### Foot Note 77

×

AB 171 at para 6; NE 11 August 2020, p 111 lines 22 – 23; p 129 lines 17 – 21.

There was nothing in Dr Yow’s report about “blood oozing from the tongue”, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 34 lines 5 – 7.

“congealed blood on the tongue”, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 34 lines 8 – 9.

“blood clotting up on that tongue” 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 34 lines 10 – 11.

or any other form of “blood secretion from the tongue”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 34 lines 12 – 13.

36 This argument did not take account of the relevant factual context. Mr Tan
was found with a large pool of blood around his head. A/Prof Teo was of the
opinion that only the Tongue Laceration could have caused the massive bleeding
that was responsible for the large pool of blood. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 81 lines 27 – 28.

Mr Tan could have fallen on his face or side (causing the blood to spill out
to form the pool of blood) and then turned or been turned to face the ceiling.
83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 82 lines 1 – 15.

37 Coming to the paramedics’ failure to see accumulation of blood in the
mouth, A/Prof Teo explained that “if a person is moribund where the blood
pressure is very low, where the heart is not beating properly to have enough
blood circulation or when the person is in the process of dying […] the wound
itself, there may be no active bleeding at that point in time from the wound”.
84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 82 lines 21 – 25.

I accept this explanation. It was plausible and consistent with the rest of
the medical narrative. In particular, it coheres with A/Prof Teo’s
observations that Mr Tan would have already been in the process of dying (see
[46] below).

38 Finally, albeit after chest compressions, Dr Yow did observe blood in the
mouth and throat. The doctors first suctioned out any blood they could see and
then inserted the video laryngoscope, through which they saw accumulation of
blood were seen “past the tongue” and in the throat. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 9 lines 21-28, p 12 lines 6 – 10.

Defence counsel’s cross-examination focused on whether there was bleeding from
the tongue. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 35 line 5

This was rather narrow. Accumulated blood at the scene and seen in Mr Tan’s
throat at hospital reflected that there was substantial blood loss typical of
the tongue laceration observed, and that such laceration and blood loss
occurred before Mr Tan got to the hospital.

Any other cause of tongue laceration

39 The Defence made a final argument that the Tongue Laceration had been
caused by either the laryngoscope 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 41 lines 7 - 12

or the insertion of the OPA. As I have found above, the laceration and blood
loss occurred prior to the arrival of the paramedics and was observed by Dr
Yow at hospital. Professor Teo testified that the OPA was relatively soft,
“not like a piece of metal that has an – a hard edge to it that can be pushed
through muscle […] it’s […] possible but unlikely to have caused [the Tongue
Laceration].” 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 81 lines 16 – 17

The practice was to insert the OPA with the tip of the OPA pointed upwards and
would not have been able to cause the Tongue Laceration. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE 11 August 2020, p 93 lines 7 – 9; p 55 line 28 – p 56 line 11; p 56 line 21
- 31

More fundamentally, the Tongue Laceration was a perforation of the tongue from
the bottom up: 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 79 lines 13 – 16; p 79 lines 17 – 26.

both the OPA and laryngoscope were inserted above the tongue. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE 12 August 2020 at p 80, lines 18-23.

No evidence of aspiration of blood (into the lungs)

40 The Defence’s assertion that blood had not been aspirated into the lungs
was not supported by any medical evidence. A/Prof Teo explained that Mr Tan’s
airways contained blood and cut sections of the lungs showed lower lobe
congestion with blood expressed from the cut surfaces. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

P248, AB 76, Autopsy Report at p 11.

The Defence made much of fact that there were no post-mortem photographs of
blood in the airways. However, this was not an evidential deficiency. As
A/Prof Teo explained, “[if] there is something in the trachea, like fluid, as
[he opens] the tube it flows out. There’s no way for [him] to capture [an
image of the fluid in the trachea] unless the entire autopsy is being
videoed.” 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE 13 August 2020, p 12 lines 7 – 10.

41 Defence counsel also took issue with the fact that there was no blood in
the oesophagus. His theory was that any blood resulting from the Tongue
Laceration would have flowed into both the oesophagus and the trachea. This is
because the “[trachea and the oesophagus] are next to each other” 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 40 lines 13 – 23.

and “[t]he blood cannot choose whether or not it flows into the oesophagus or
the trachea”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE 13 August 2020, p 16 lines 10 – 13.

Since the oesophagus and the stomach were found to be grossly unremarkable, 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

AB 76, Autopsy Report at p 11.

his suggestion was that there had actually been no blood in the airways
either.

42 A/Prof Teo explained why this hypothesis was not viable. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE 13 August 2020, p 22 line 23 - p 24 line 12.

It was entirely possible for blood in the mouth to “enter the [trachea]
without entering the oesophagus”. Though they are both tubes, the trachea is
held up in shape by cartilage like the laryngeal and tracheal cartilages while
the oesophagus is “just a tube of muscle”. This meant that “when a person is
moribund or is dying or is lying down, the oesophagus being just a tube that
is not held up in shape by any cartilage can collapse and close in on itself
whereas the airway cannot.” 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE 13 August 2020, p 23 lines 5 – 8.

The breathing mechanism was also complemented by a breathing reflex. By
contrast, for the oesophagus, the blood would have had to be “propelled down
the oesophagus because [the oesophagus was] not held open by all this
cartilage”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE 13 August 2020, p 23 lines 23 – 24.

This would usually be accomplished by swallowing, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE 13 August 2020, p 23 lines 18 – 22.

an action that an unconscious person would be unable to do. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE 13 August 2020, p 13 – 14.

Strangulation as cause of death

43 Prof Teo’s evidence was that both strangulation and aspiration were
separate causes of death that were sufficient in themselves to cause death.

44 The Defence contended there was reasonable doubt that strangulation could
be a cause of death for two reasons. First, there was a suggestion that Kok
Meng’s strangulation was too short. Strangulation required approximately four
minutes of continuous pressure to cause death, 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE 12 August p 101 lines 1 – 5; p 101 lines 8 – 11; p 103 lines 11 – 13 – 103.

and the paramedics reported that the strangulation incident was either between
one to two minutes, or less than a minute, depending on whose account of
events is accepted (see [56] below). But this contention did not take into
account the possibility that strangulation could have occurred prior to Mdm
Toh’s return. Mr Tan’s Glasgow score was 3 when the paramedics arrived. His
injuries certainly appeared to be very severe to the first person who saw Mr
Tan in his fatally wounded state: Mdm Toh likely was of the view the injuries
were fatal when she queried Kok Meng as to why he killed his father.

45 Second, defence counsel pointed to the fact that Mr Tan was still breathing
after the strangulation, 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE 11 August 2020, p 49 lines 7 – 9; p 116 lines 10 - 11; AB 163 at para 11.

continued to do so as he was brought out of the Flat, 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE 11 August 2020 p 129 lines 10 – 11.

and even as he entered the ambulance, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE 11 August 2020 p 76 lines 23 – 26; p 118 lines 22 – 23; p 129 lines 27 –
28.

and was only declared dead by Dr Yow at 6.37 pm on 13 November 2015. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

AB 118.

46 This argument could not be maintained in the light of A/Prof Teo’s
explanation that even though there was no clinical death, “the compression of
the airway [had] started a process of death which [was] ongoing and, in this
case, obviously […] irreversible leading to then eventual death”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 87 lines 17 – 20.

During this process, breathing could have been observed, but such “sounds of
breathing […] gasping […] gurgling” were not necessarily effective breathing.
108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 87 lines 26 – 27.

Such breathing, known as agonal breathing, would occur as someone is “in the
process of dying […] there is no movement of air, effective movement of air
going into the lungs for oxygen to be exchanged with the blood.” 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 111 lines 1 – 5.

A/Prof Teo’s explanation corresponds with the account of the paramedics.
“[A]gonal breathing” was precisely the term used by Farhan in describing Mr
Tan’s breathing pattern when the paramedics first arrived at the Flat. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE 11 August 2020, p 109 lines 15 – 21.

In that regard, I found that the Defence contention that strangulation had not
occurred was a spurious one.

Conclusion on cause of death

47 In this case, A/Prof Teo’s evidence as to the cause of death was drawn from
an autopsy performed on Mr Tan. Defence counsel did not adduce any evidence to
the contrary and in closing oral response, took the position that A/Prof Teo
could not be sure of the cause of death since he had not been there when Mr
Tan died and argued, on that basis, that the “foundational facts” were not
established. This misunderstood A/Prof Teo’s role as a forensic pathologist,
the object of an autopsy in a case of unnatural death, and the circumstances
in which autopsies are perforce conducted. The role of a forensic pathologist
is to ascertain the cause of death from an examination of a dead body. From
the autopsy conducted, A/Prof Teo, in the light of his medical knowledge and
having performed the necessary procedures, ascertained two causes of death.

48 Defence counsel’s attempt to deride A/Prof Teo’s report by querying an
absence of “foundational facts” was misplaced. A forensic pathologist’s
foundational premise is the dead body presented. Further, it is inappropriate
for defence counsel to make assertions of a medical nature in written
submissions without first establishing or even putting the relevant medical
facts to the medical expert at trial. An example was defence counsel’s
submission that A/Prof Teo’s evidence that Mr Tan’s oesophagus was collapsed
as he lay on the floor and A/Prof Teo’s finding in the autopsy report of a
“grossly unremarkable” oesophagus were incompatible. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

DCS para 205.

There was no premise for the contended inconsistency. To the contrary, A/Prof
Teo’s explanation for the collapsed oesophagus, that there was no cartilage
keeping the tube open absent a swallowing action, could, as a matter of logic,
hold true in a dead person, making such a state “grossly unremarkable”. I find
that there is no reasonable doubt about the veracity of the autopsy report or
that the cause of Mr Tan’s death could be other than from strangulation and
aspiration of blood.

49 A second, albeit related, aspect of the Prosecution’s reliance on A/Prof
Teo’s evidence was how such causes of death could, in his medical experience,
be consistent with possible narratives arising from the given facts. That is a
matter of medical opinion relevant to the second issue, which I deal with
below at [64].

Whether there is only one explanation for Mr Tan’s injuries

Kok Meng’s involvement as a rational explanation

50 An inference that Kok Meng is responsible for the acts of strangulation and
aspiration arises from the following circumstances, taken together:

(a) Mr Tan was injured while Mdm Toh was out of the house. During this time,
both men were locked in at home. The gate was still padlocked when Mdm Toh
returned from her medical appointment. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

AB 139, para 5.

There was no sign of forced entry or any other person’s entry. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE 14 August 2020 at p 15 lines 6 – 7.

Kok Meng was the only person who had access to Mr Tan.

(b) When Mdm Toh returned home, Mr Tan was lying motionless on the floor. The
medical evidence indicates that he was already fatally injured by this time.
Kok Meng, on the other hand, was covered in blood.

(c) Kok Meng was suffering a relapse of schizophrenia 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

AB 124, p 5 of Dr Subhash Gupta’s report.

and experiencing severe psychotic symptoms. At the same time, Mr Tan’s
injuries were consistent with being punched and strangled, and Kok Meng’s
psychotic state could explain the injuries found on Mr Tan and the blood on
his own body. In addition, two intermittent acts of strangulation were
witnessed by Mdm Toh and the paramedics.

(d) No one else could have been responsible for Mr Tan’s injuries, which were
not accidental.

51 I also find that the following circumstances (which I do not rely on) were
consistent with the evidence and did not detract from or raise doubts about my
conclusions above:

(a) Kok Meng admitted to the police officers that he had attacked and hit Mr
Tan with his bare hands. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

AB 181, para 7; AB 185, para 6; AB 194, para 6.

Dr Cheow’s evidence was that although Kok Meng’s mental state appeared to be
fluctuating, those parts of his accounts that were relatively coherent,
consistent and plausible demonstrated that he had partial awareness of his
actions and could not be discounted. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

AB 133, paras 13 – 15.

I observe that these admissions are consonant with and do not raise doubt on
the Prosecution case, although it would be unsafe to rely on them to convict
Kok Meng.

(b) Kok Meng had a strained relationship with Mr Tan, who “nagged and scolded”
him for taking money from his parents. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

AB 139, para 12; AB 146, para 10.

Kok Meng told Chenny that he found Mr Tan “irritating and annoying”. I would
emphasise in this case that such sentiment does not reflect intent in any way.
I mention it for its consistency with Kok Meng’s account to SSgt Koh that he
had been angry with Mr Tan and had punched him for calling him a “good for
nothing”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

AB 194, para 6.

Dr Cheow’s evidence was that the basis for Kok Meng’s anger would have been
psychotic. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

AB 133, para 14.

In that sense it was consistent with and did not raise any doubt on the
Prosecution’s explanation for Mr Tan’s injuries.

52 I also make clear that I do not draw any inferences from Kok Meng not
giving evidence. As he was of unsound mind at the time of the incident, his
testimony would not be reliable.

53 The issue, then, is whether there is any other explanation for Mr Tan’s
death, or whether there is any doubt that renders the explanation no longer
rational.

Is there reasonable doubt?

54 The Defence was of the view that there was a reasonable doubt that Kok Meng
strangled or punched his father. I deal with each contention in turn.

Whether there is doubt that Kok Meng strangled Mr Tan

55 The Defence contended that Kok Meng did not strangle Mr Tan for two
reasons. The first is that during the incident witnessed by Mdm Toh, Mdm Toh’s
evidence was that Kok Meng stated that he wished to save Mr Tan. While that
was what Kok Meng said he was doing, Mdm Toh plainly did not see the situation
the same way. Her response was to pull Kok Meng off. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

AB 140, para 7.

56 Coming to the strangulation incident witnessed by Zaneta, the Defence’s
second contention was that the testimonies of the witnesses are inconsistent
and there was therefore reasonable doubt as to whether Kok Meng strangled Mr
Tan. These inconsistencies were the following:

(a) Zaneta’s evidence was that Kok Meng’s hands were entirely on Mr Tan’s
throat. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

AB 163, para 9.

Farid, however, suggested that Kok Meng’s thumbs were fondling Mr Tan’s lower
lip. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

AB 171, para 7.

(b) Zaneta testified that Kok Meng had muttered “wo yao ta shi” (Mandarin for
“I want him to die”) a few times. Farid testified that Kok Meng had said
nothing at all.

(c) Zaneta said that the whole incident lasted about one to two minutes 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE 11 August 2020 p 89 lines 12 – 17.

while Farid said the entire episode was over in less than a minute. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE 11 August 2020 p 115 lines 20 – 21.

57 With regard to the thumb placement, I did not think it mattered whether the
thumb was placed on the lips or not. The fact remained that there was still
strangulation. Indeed, Farhan himself clarified that when he described Kok
Meng as “grabbing the sides of the deceased’s neck with both hands”, 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

AB 171, para 7.

it was “a form of strangulation, trying to strangle his father.” 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE 11 August 2020, p 104 line 21.

The Defence suggested that “without the thumb and the index finger on the neck
[…] it [would have been] difficult to exert force”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE 11 August 2020, p 115 line 14 – 15.

But that suggestion took the Defence nowhere. It only went to showing that the
strangulation may have been harder, but not disproving the fact of
strangulation itself. In any case, as Farhan rightly pointed out, the
strangulation could have been effective, notwithstanding the placement of the
thumbs on the lips, as the strangulation could had been caused by Kok Meng
using his palm to exert force on Mr Tan’s neck towards the floor. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE 11 August 2020, p 115 lines 10 – 16.

58 More to the point, the Prosecution’s case was that Kok Meng strangled his
father at any point after 2.30 pm. This strangulation could have occurred
prior to Mdm Toh’s return, or been of intermittent nature (as A/Prof Teo’s
testimony also allows) 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE 12 August 2020, p 86 lines 3 – 4.

coupled with the incidents witnessed by Mdm Toh and Zaneta. Mr Tan’s Glasgow
Coma Scale reading was at the lowest possible reading before the strangulation
witnessed by Zaneta and Farhan. When queried on the same, defence counsel
conceded that his submissions only related to the last instance of
strangulation. The fundamental question, however, was whether there was any
other reason for the effects of strangulation shown on Mr Tan’s body? This was
an independent cause of death. There was no possibility of anyone else having
strangled Mr Tan prior to Mdm Toh’s return, and no assertion that any of the
paramedics, policemen or doctors who attended at the scene and in the hospital
effected strangulation of any kind. In my view, the evidence pointed to the
strangulation having been caused by Kok Meng.

Whether there is doubt that Kok Meng punched Mr Tan

59 The Defence premised this aspect of their case on the contention that it
was unusual for an assailant to have no injuries on his hands after inflicting
“multiple blows of severe force”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

DCS at para 94 – 95; NE 12 August 2020, p 99 lines 8 – 15.

60 Reliance was placed on the two physical examinations made by Dr Lim and Dr
Kong on the evening of 13 November. Dr Lim’s physical examination took about
eight minutes. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

AB 110, para 2.

He reported “small abrasions and scratches [sic] marks measuring 1 cm […] on
both the patient’s hands”, together with “[d]iffuse bloodstains […] over both
the patient’s forearms and hands”. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

AB 113.

During cross-examination, Dr Lim was unable to identify exactly where those
abrasions had been. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NE 14 August 2020, p 25 line 26 – p 26 line 5.

Dr Kong, who examined Kok Meng for about 20 minutes after his statement was
taken, made no mention of any scratches or abrasions on Kok Meng’s hands in
his report. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

AB 115.

The Defence also pointed to Kok Meng’s long fingernails on his smallest
fingers on both hands, which were intact, even after inflicting “multiple
blows of severe force”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

DCS at para 97.

These facts, the Defence submitted, raised reasonable doubt as to whether Kok
Meng had indeed inflicted multiple blows to Mr Tan’s face. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

DCS at para 93 – 99.

61 Dr Kong explained that he could have simply missed the scratches and
abrasions on Kok Meng’s hands when he was examining Kok Meng. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NE 14 August 2020, p 9 lines 17 – 20.

As for Dr Lim, the photos he was shown were pictures of Kok Meng’s
bloodstained hands. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE 14 August 2020, p 29 lines 17 – 20.

The bloodstains on Kok Meng’s hands made it difficult to identify, at least
from the photos shown, whether Kok Meng had injuries on his hands on the day
of the incident. This was an opinion shared by not just Dr Lim and Dr Kong,
but A/Prof Teo as well. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE 14 August 2020, p 7 lines 6 – 12; p 29 lines 9 – 12; 12 August 2020, p 99
lines 25 - 27.

This explained why Dr Lim could not pinpoint exactly where the abrasions or
scratches had been. I found these explanations entirely believable. Indeed, Dr
Lim’s medical notes – contemporaneous records of his physical examination of
Kok Meng – included Kok Meng’s account of events (“murder/struggle”) and
described “the pattern of injury [as being] consistent with the account that
[Kok Meng] had given to [Dr Lim]”. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE 14 August 2020, p 24 lines 9 - 13

62 Regarding the Defence assertion that it was “implausible for Kok Meng to
have inflicted “multiple blows of severe force” without breaking his long
fingernails”, 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

DCS at para 97.

these were fingernails on the last finger of each hand and would not have
impeded Kok Meng’s ability to punch or otherwise grab or injure. These bare
and unsubstantiated assertions did not take into account the context. The
assailant, being 42 and of unsound mind, would have been far stronger than the
victim of 75. More fundamentally, only Kok Meng had the opportunity to inflict
the blows.

No other rational explanation for Mr Tan’s death

63 The Defence did not suggest another explanation for Mr Tan’s injuries.
Their emphasis was that there was a reasonable doubt with the prosecution
case. As explained by V K Rajah JA (as he then was) in Jagatheesan s/o
Krishnasamy v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45 at [54]–[55]
(“Jagatheesan”), a reasonable doubt is not “a mere doubt”, but one which is
“capable of distinct expression and articulation and has support and
foundation in the evidence submitted which in the circumstances is essential
to a conviction”.

64 I return to the point I mentioned at [49], which is the Prosecution’s
reliance on A/Prof Teo’s evidence on how Mr Tan’s death could, in his medical
experience, be consistent with various scenarios that the scene and setting
offered. Where evidence rests on circumstantial evidence and medical evidence
is available, this is a necessary component of interpreting the surrounding
circumstances. The court must consider whether Kok Meng’s involvement was the
only rational explanation for Mr Tan’s demise, or whether there might be any
other rational explanation. On relevant matters of medical opinion, it cannot
be an answer to submit, as defence counsel did, that expert opinion should be
summarily dismissed because the expert “was not there” at the scene of death.
In closing response, defence counsel attempted to draw a distinction between
“cause of death” and “causation of death”, and yet may have conflated the two
issues by his argument. In considering whether there is doubt, it is pertinent
to note that in cases where reliance is placed on circumstantial evidence, it
is the very fact that there is no witness to the act causing death that causes
circumstantial evidence to become pivotal. The question is always answered by
cumulative reference to all available evidence, taking into consideration the
injuries, the special access the accused had to the victim, and any other
relevant fact that illumines the context. In such cases, the Jagatheesan
guidance that any doubt must be capable of distinct expression and grounded in
the evidence remains; it is but another way of saying that the proposed cause
must be the ineluctable conclusion from all the evidence.

65 The Court of Appeal explained in Public Prosecutor v GCK and another matter
[2020] 1 SLR 486 at [127] (“GCK”), reiterating Jagatheesan at [55], that in
both cases of acquittal and conviction, reasonable doubt is to be understood
as “a reasoned doubt” (emphasis in original). This may arise either from a
weakness within the Prosecution’s case, or from an issue which, on a holistic
assessment of the totality of the evidence, creates doubt that death was
caused in the manner suggested: GCK at [134]–[135].

66 In the present case, the witnesses who were cross-examined were able to
give sensible reasons for their actions and observations. No material
weaknesses in the Prosecution’s case were articulated, nor was an alternative
construct suggested. The issue is the rational inference to be drawn: was
there any other possible explanation for Mr Tan’s severe injuries when found?
In light of Kok Meng’s psychiatric condition, the circumstances of Mr Tan’s
death, the access those circumstances afforded only to Kok Meng, and the
events from the time of discovery by Mdm Toh up to the time death was
pronounced, the inescapable legal conclusion is that there is no reasonable
doubt that Kok Meng caused the injuries while having a psychotic episode.

Conclusion

67 I acquit Kok Meng of the charge under s 300(a) of the Penal Code on the
basis of s 84 of the Penal Code. He was of unsound mind at the material time.
Pursuant to s 251 of the CPC, I make a finding that Kok Meng committed the act
of causing Mr Tan’s death.

68 I therefore make an order under s 252(1) of the CPC. This is grief twice
over for the family and I would emphasise that this order is made in the
context that Kok Meng has been acquitted of the offence charged. The object
the law seeks to fulfil by this order is the protection of society, and by the
same means, the safety of the accused and his family. It is hoped these
reasons bring some measure of closure to what I am sure is a painful chapter
for the family.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Daphne Lim, and Yan Jiakang (Attorney General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Favian Kang (Peter Low & Choo LLC) and Nichol Yeo (Solitaire LLP) for the
accused

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Nov 2020 (20:52 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

