Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singaporE

[2020] SGHC 206

Criminal Case No 36 of 2018

Between

| | Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| (1)| Chandroo Subramaniam  
---|---  
(2)| Kamalnathan a/l Muniandy  
(3)| Pravinash a/l Chandran  
  
JUdgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Chandroo Subramaniam and others

[2020] SGHC 206

High Court — Criminal Case No 36 of 2018  
Chan Seng Onn J  
15–17 May, 25–27 July 2018, 26–29 March, 15, 17, 21, 22 May, 9–11 July 2019,
10–13, 24–26 March, 15 September 2020

1 October 2020

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 In the present case, the three accused persons face the following charges
for their alleged involvement in the trafficking of three blocks of vegetable
matter containing not less than 1,344.5g of cannabis (“the Drugs”):

(a) Pravinash a/l Chandran (“Pravinash”), the third accused, is charged under
s 5(1)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) read with
s 5(2) of the said Act for having the Drugs in his possession for the purpose
of trafficking.

(b) Chandroo Subramaniam (“Chandroo”) and Kamalnathan a/l Muniandy
(“Kamalnathan”), the first and second accused persons respectively, each face
a charge for abetment by engaging in a conspiracy with Pravinash and each
other to traffic the Drugs under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA read with ss 5(2) and 12
of the said Act.

2 All three accused persons claimed trial to their respective charges. Each of
them is presently represented by a different set of defence counsel. In the
course of the trial, which was spread over three years, some defence counsel
were discharged for various reasons at different junctures and were replaced
on each occasion by new sets of counsel. In this Judgment, I refer to
Chandroo’s counsel as “DC1”, Kamalnathan’s counsel as “DC2” and Pravinash’s
counsel as “DC3” (collectively, “the Defence”).

3 It is the Prosecution’s case that Pravinash and Kamalnathan, both
Malaysians, worked in concert to deliver the Drugs to Chandroo. According to
the Prosecution, Chandroo, who is a Singaporean, had ordered the Drugs from a
Malaysian drug supplier for S$4,000, and Pravinash and Kamalnathan had been
tasked by the said supplier to bring the Drugs to Chandroo from Malaysia. At
the time of their arrest at different locations, all of the Drugs were found
in Pravinash’s possession.

4 Pravinash’s defence is a denial of knowledge of the nature of the Drugs.
Pravinash claims that he had simply been assisting Kamalnathan to transport
“books”. Kamalnathan’s defence is likewise a denial of knowledge. Kamalnathan
claims that the items, later established to be the Drugs, belonged to
Pravinash and that he had simply been helping Pravinash find a job in
Singapore. He had allegedly harboured a belief at that time that the items in
question were “certificates” that were for the purpose of helping Pravinash
secure a job in Singapore. Chandroo denies any involvement in the arrangement
to traffic the Drugs and provides various explanations for why he had met
Pravinash and Kamalnathan on the day of his arrest.

5 After considering the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I find that the
Prosecution has proven its case beyond a reasonable doubt with respect to each
of the accused persons. I accordingly convict all three accused persons of the
respective charges they face. I provide below the reasons for my decision.

The facts

The arrest of the accused persons

6 On 5 March 2016, at about 5.27pm, Kamalnathan and Pravinash entered
Singapore through Woodlands Checkpoint (“the Checkpoint”). Kamalnathan was
riding a motorcycle bearing registration number KCP8801, and Pravinash was
riding as a pillion passenger. The items later established to be the Drugs
were in their possession at the time but had not been discovered at the
Checkpoint. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

AB at 1133.

The Drugs were wrapped in paper foil (marked “A1A1”, “A1B1” and “A1C1”) and
further secured with transparent adhesive tape (marked “A1A”, “A1B” and “A1C”;
see also photo exhibits P7 to P13).

7 Having crossed the Checkpoint, Kamalnathan and Pravinash proceeded to Kranji
MRT station, while keeping in contact with their “boss”, one Suren (“Suren”),
who was in Malaysia. Suren had been giving them instructions on the delivery
of the Drugs through Kamalnathan’s handphone. At Kranji MRT station, in a
public toilet, the Drugs were placed into a black Adidas haversack (marked
“A”) which had been carried by Kamalnathan and Pravinash. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AB at 1133.

There is some disagreement between the two of them as to who had physical
possession of the Drugs and the black Adidas haversack when they crossed the
Checkpoint, and who had placed the Drugs into the black Adidas haversack at
Kranji MRT station.

8 From Kranji MRT station, Kamalnathan and Pravinash proceeded to a nearby
coffee shop (“the Kranji MRT station coffee shop”), located a few minutes
away, to wait for instructions. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AB at 1133.

They remained there for about one to two hours. Thereafter, upon receiving
further instructions from Suren, the two of them made their way to a different
coffee shop five to ten minutes away (“the second coffee shop”). At the second
coffee shop, Kamalnathan continued to liaise with Suren over the phone. After
about 15 to 20 minutes, Kamalnathan and Pravinash left at 9.17pm for Kranji
Road. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AB at 1188.

9 It was along Kranji Road that Pravinash and Kamalnathan met Chandroo.
Chandroo was riding his motorcycle, which bore registration number FBG1274J.
There is significant disagreement among the three accused persons as to the
nature and purpose of their encounter, as well as their interactions during
this meeting, which I will discuss in the course of this Judgment. It is
nevertheless common ground that the three of them did interact and converse
along Kranji Road that evening.

10 The three accused persons then left Kranji Road and attempted to regroup at
the Kranji MRT station coffee shop. According to Pravinash, this was due to
the presence of Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers in the vicinity of
the former. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AB at 1134.

Chandroo arrived at the Kranji MRT station coffee shop shortly after, and
waited for Pravinash and Kamalnathan; however, the latter two did not stop at
the Kranji MRT station coffee shop, and, according to Chandroo, simply “sped
past”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1D2 at p 1.

Chandroo then rode off on his motorcycle. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1D2 at p 2.

It was at this point that CNB officers moved in to arrest them.

11 Pravinash was arrested at the overhead bridge outside Kranji MRT station,
with the Drugs in his possession. Kamalnathan was arrested near the bus stop
in front of Kranji MRT station. Chandroo was arrested in the vicinity of Lian
Hup Building. The CNB officers seized from the accused persons, inter alia,
the following items:

(a) Pravinash: The black Adidas haversack and one mobile phone (marked “PC-
HP”). Three blocks of a brown substance were recovered from the haversack
(marked “A1A1A”, “A1B1A” and “A1C1A” respectively; henceforth referred to
collectively as “the three blocks”).

(b) Kamalnathan: One Lenovo tablet (marked “KM-HP1”), one Nokia mobile phone
(marked “KM-HP2”) and S$20.55 in cash.

(c) Chandroo: Two mobile phones (marked “CS-HP1” and “CS-HP2”) and one brown
envelope (marked “B”) containing S$4,000 in cash (marked “B1”). The cash
marked B1 was all in S$50 notes secured together with a single rubber band.

Drug analysis

12 On 7 March 2016, Station Inspector Yip Lai Peng (“SI Yip”) submitted the
three blocks to the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) for analysis. The chain
of custody is not disputed (except for an allegation made by Pravinash in his
supplementary written closing submissions, which I will address subsequently
(see [94] below)). Upon analysis, the three blocks were found to contain a
total of not less than 1,344.5g of cannabis, ie, the Drugs:

(a) A1A1A was found to contain not less than 479g of vegetable matter which
was analysed to be cannabis. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB at 911.

(b) A1B1A was found to contain not less than 428.1g of vegetable matter which
was analysed to be cannabis. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB at 912.

(c) A1C1A was found to contain not less than 437.4g of vegetable matter which
was analysed to be cannabis. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB at 913.

None of the parties dispute the analysis of the seized drug exhibits and the
results of the analysis thereof. Further, upon DNA analysis by the HSA’s DNA
profiling laboratory, Kamalnathan’s DNA was found on the adhesive side of the
tapes used to secure A1C1A. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB at 926.

The recorded statements

13 There being no challenge on grounds of voluntariness, all the recorded
statements listed in the following paragraphs were admitted into evidence.
There was some dispute, in particular with respect to the statements recorded
from Kamalnathan, as to whether the recording officers accurately recorded all
that Kamalnathan told them – I will address this in the course of my analysis
(see [64], [65] below).

Pravinash

14 Four statements relating to the charge against Pravinash were recorded from
him between 5 March and 10 March 2016 (collectively, “Pravinash’s
statements”). They are as follows:

(a) On the day of his arrest (5 March 2016), at about 10.48pm, Senior Station
Inspector Ng Tze Chiang Tony (“SSI Ng”) recorded a contemporaneous statement
from Pravinash.

(b) The next day, 6 March 2016, at about 10.17am, Station Inspector Quah Yong
Sen (“SI Quah”) recorded a cautioned statement from Pravinash pursuant to s 23
of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). One Malliga
Anandha Krishnan (“Malliga”) served as interpreter for Pravinash who chose to
speak in Tamil.

(c) SI Quah recorded the following two long statements from Pravinash under s
22 of the CPC, with Malliga serving as interpreter (referred to collectively
as “Pravinash’s long statements”):

(i) a statement recorded on 9 March 2016 at about 2.15pm; and

(ii) a statement recorded on 10 March 2016 at about 2.34pm.

Kamalnathan

15 Seven statements relating to the charge against Kamalnathan were recorded
from him between 5 March and 7 October 2016 (collectively, “Kamalnathan’s
statements”). They are as follows:

(a) On the day of his arrest (5 March 2016), at about 10.50pm, Staff Sergeant
Muhammad Fardlie bin Ramlie (“SSgt Fardlie”) recorded a contemporaneous
statement from Kamalnathan.

(b) The next day, 6 March 2016, at about 10.15am, SI Yip recorded a cautioned
statement from Kamalnathan pursuant to s 23 of the CPC. One Subramaniam s/o
Palanisamy (“Subramaniam”) served as interpreter for Kamalnathan who chose to
speak in Tamil.

(c) SI Yip recorded the following five long statements from Kamalnathan under
s 22 of the CPC, with Subramaniam serving as interpreter (referred to
collectively as “Kamalnathan’s long statements”):

(i) a statement recorded on 8 March 2016 at about 6.20pm;

(ii) a statement recorded on 10 March 2016 at about 7.15pm;

(iii) a statement recorded on 12 March 2016 at about 1.17pm;

(iv) a statement recorded on 25 August 2016 at about 10.28am; and

(v) a statement recorded on 7 October 2016 at about 9.48am.

Chandroo

16 Six statements relating to the charge against Chandroo were recorded from
him between 5 March and 18 July 2016 (collectively, “Chandroo’s statements”).
They are as follows:

(a) On the day of his arrest (5 March 2016), at about 10.40pm, Sergeant
Yogaraj s/o Ragunathan Pillay (“Sgt Yogaraj”) recorded a contemporaneous
statement from Chandroo.

(b) The next day, 6 March 2016, at about 9.14am, SI Yip recorded a cautioned
statement from Chandroo pursuant to s 23 of the CPC. Subramaniam served as
interpreter for Chandroo who chose to speak in Tamil.

(c) SI Yip recorded the following four long statements from Chandroo under s
22 of the CPC, with Subramaniam serving as interpreter (referred to
collectively as “Chandroo’s long statements”):

(i) a statement recorded on 9 March 2016 at about 7.05pm;

(ii) a statement recorded on 11 March 2016 at about 11.10am;

(iii) a statement recorded on 11 March 2016 at about 4.24pm; and

(iv) a statement recorded on 18 July 2016 at about 10.24am.

The parties’ cases

17 I will now set out the parties’ cases briefly before delving into the
relevant details.

The Prosecution’s case

18 As noted earlier, the Prosecution’s position is that Pravinash and
Kamalnathan were tasked to deliver the Drugs to Chandroo. All three accused
persons were privy to this plan; their meeting at Kranji Road was for this
very purpose. Kamalnathan took charge of the consignment, and Pravinash
followed his lead. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 6.

The accused persons dispersed from Kranji Road and attempted to regroup at the
Kranji MRT station coffee shop because Kamalnathan suspected that they were
being watched/tailed by CNB officers. For the same reason, the accused persons
fled in different directions from the Kranji MRT station coffee shop, before
being arrested eventually.

19 In relation to Pravinash, the Prosecution submits that the three elements
of the offence of possession of the Drugs for the purpose of trafficking are
satisfied, namely that Pravinash (a) was in possession of the Drugs; (b) knew
that the Drugs were cannabis; and (c) possessed the Drugs for the purpose of
trafficking. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at pp 42 to 52.

(a) It is not disputed that Pravinash had possession of the three blocks,
later established to be the Drugs, at the time of his arrest.

(b) Pravinash had actual knowledge that the three blocks were cannabis, ie,
the Drugs because Pravinash told the CNB officers who arrested him that the
three blocks were “ganja”, which is a street name for cannabis. His actions
were consistent with him having knowledge of the nature of the Drugs. In the
alternative, the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA applies and
has not been rebutted.

(c) Pravinash shared Kamalnathan’s intention to traffic the Drugs to Chandroo,
and there is no indication of a contrary or different intention on Pravinash’s
part.

20 For Kamalnathan, the Prosecution submits that the three elements of the
offence of engaging in a conspiracy with Pravinash and Chandroo to traffic in
the Drugs are made out, namely that Kamalnathan (a) had jointly possessed the
three blocks with Pravinash; (b) knew that the three blocks were cannabis, ie,
the Drugs; and (c) had intended, together with Pravinash, to traffic in the
Drugs by giving them to Chandroo. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at pp 53 to 74.

(a) Kamalnathan brought the Drugs into Singapore in order to traffic in them.
He had passed the Drugs to Pravinash for the latter to hand to Chandroo.
Accordingly, Kamalnathan had joint possession of the Drugs with Pravinash.

(b) Kamalnathan had actual knowledge that the three blocks were cannabis. In
his statements, Kamalnathan states, amongst other things, that he knew he had
entered Singapore on 5 March 2016 for the purpose of delivering drugs. He had
completed such deliveries before and clearly knew what he was delivering on
the day of his arrest. In the alternative, the presumption under s 18(2) of
the MDA applies, and has not been rebutted.

(c) Kamalnathan identified Chandroo as the intended recipient of the Drugs,
and on the day of his arrest attempted to link up with Chandroo to facilitate
the delivery of the three blocks to Chandroo. His intention to traffic the
Drugs is thus clear.

21 As for Chandroo, the Prosecution submits that the three elements of the
offence of conspiring with Pravinash and Kamalnathan to traffic the Drugs to
himself are made out, namely that Chandroo (a) was a party to the agreement
for Pravinash and Kamalnathan to traffic the Drugs to him; (b) knew that the
Drugs to be collected by him from Pravinash and Kamalnathan pursuant to that
agreement were cannabis; and (c) intended to traffic the Drugs thereafter to
other persons. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at pp 75 to 93.

(a) Chandroo’s account of events, ie, that he was intending to return money to
his friend, one Kumar (“Kumar”), ought to be rejected, because the said
account is inconsistent and unbelievable. In contrast, Pravinash’s and
Kamalnathan’s implication of Chandroo is consistent and clear. It follows that
Chandroo was in on the plan and had met the other two accused persons
intending to collect the Drugs from them.

(b) As the intended purchaser and recipient of the Drugs, Chandroo must have
known of their nature. The surrounding circumstances, ie, the timing of the
meeting at Kranji Road late at night, the large amount of cash found on
Chandroo to pay for the items to be collected by him, and his behaviour during
the meeting with Pravinash and Kamalnathan, tell the same story. Chandroo
accordingly had knowledge of the nature of the Drugs.

(c) Based on the weight of the Drugs, and the absence of evidence
demonstrating that Chandroo intended to only consume (and not on-traffic) the
Drugs, it is inferable that Chandroo planned to further traffic the Drugs to
other persons after purchasing and upon receiving them from Pravinash and
Kamalnathan.

22 In proving its case as canvassed above, the Prosecution relies primarily on
the following pieces of evidence:

(a) Pravinash’s, Kamalnathan’s and Chandroo’s statements (see [14], [15] and
[16] above);

(b) Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”) records demonstrating
Pravinash’s and Kamalnathan’s movements into and out of Singapore in March
2016 (the “ICA records”); 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AB at 961-963.

(c) the CNB Forensic Response Team (“FORT”) report on the internal memory of
Kamalnathan’s Lenovo tablet (“the KM-HP1 records”); 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AB at 614.

(d) the FORT report on the internal memory of Kamalnathan’s Nokia mobile phone
(“the KM-HP2 records”) (KM-HP1 and KM-HP2 are collectively referred to as
“Kamalnathan’s phone records”); 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AB at 707.

and

(e) the Singtel toll records for the Singapore phone number “90835501” that
was linked to Kamalnathan’s Nokia mobile phone (“the toll records”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AB at 895.

The Defence’s case

23 Each accused person advances a version of events which is, to varying
degrees, inconsistent with the accounts of events provided by the other two.

(1) Pravinash’s case

24 Pravinash accepts that he entered Singapore on 5 March 2016 for an illegal
purpose, and that he “assumed” that what he had been carrying into Singapore
that day was drugs. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB at 1132.

His defence is that he did not know of the nature of the Drugs. He had been
tasked by Suren and one Pandian (“Pandian”) to assist Kamalnathan in
delivering the three blocks from Malaysia to a customer in Singapore. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NEs, 12 March 2020, page 12, lines 4-15.

Kamalnathan was the one in charge, and Pravinash simply followed the former’s
instructions. He did so because Kamalnathan promised in return to help him get
a motorcycle as well as find a job in Singapore. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AB at 1132-1133.

25 Pravinash’s evidence is that on 5 March 2016, he and Kamalnathan carried
the three blocks across the Checkpoint – Kamalnathan carried two of the three
blocks, and he carried the last one. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AB at 1133.

He did so at Kamalnathan’s behest. Upon entering Singapore, Pravinash simply
followed Kamalnathan’s instructions. They headed to the Kranji MRT station
coffee shop, and then to the second coffee shop, before eventually making
their way to Kranji Road. Pravinash heard Kamalnathan liaising with a person
on his mobile phone throughout their time in Singapore. He assumed that
Kamalnathan was taking instructions from Suren.

26 At Kranji Road, Kamalnathan established contact with Chandroo by
“signall[ing]” to the latter. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AB at 1134.

Kamalnathan stopped his motorcycle next to Chandroo’s. Upon making contact,
Pravinash saw Chandroo hand money and two empty plastic bags over to
Kamalnathan. He heard Kamalnathan tell Chandroo that they ought to regroup at
the Kranji MRT station coffee shop due to the presence of “Police” in the
vicinity. The meeting with Chandroo lasted two to three minutes. Kamalnathan
then passed the two empty plastic bags to Pravinash, and they rode off.
Nearby, at the industrial area near Kranji Road, the two of them placed the
three blocks they had with them into one of the plastic bags given earlier to
them by Chandroo. This plastic bag, now with the three blocks inside, was
placed in the front basket of Kamalnathan’s motorcycle. They then made their
way to Kranji MRT station. On the way, Kamalnathan instructed Pravinash to
place the plastic bag containing the three blocks into the black Adidas
haversack; Pravinash did what he was told and held on to the said haversack.
The two of them eventually reached Kranji MRT station. Kamalnathan instructed
Pravinash to go to the overhead bridge outside the station, where Pravinash
was then arrested.

(2) Kamalnathan’s case

27 Kamalnathan’s testimony in court is different from and inconsistent with
the account of events in his long statements. I will address these
inconsistencies below, but for now, it suffices to note that in closing
submissions, Kamalnathan maintains the same position as that in his oral
evidence, but disavows his long statements by, inter alia, challenging the
statement recording process.

28 Kamalnathan’s defence is that he knew nothing about the Drugs. He claims
that he was tasked by Suren to bring Pravinash into Singapore for the purpose
of helping the latter find a job. Suren was purportedly Kamalnathan’s friend
from some time ago. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NEs, 22 May 2019, page 10.

In return for bringing Pravinash into Singapore, Kamalnathan would be paid
RM200. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AB at 1186.

Kamalnathan was under the impression that the three blocks, which were seized
from Pravinash, were “certificates” that were meant to help Pravinash secure a
job. Based on this version of events, DC2 argues that Kamalnathan did not have
knowledge of the Drugs and was not involved in the alleged conspiracy to
traffic the Drugs to Chandroo.

29 The version of events put forward by Kamalnathan diverges from Pravinash’s
account. He claims that when he and Pravinash entered Singapore via the
Checkpoint, he was not in possession of any of the three blocks. They were in
Pravinash’s possession. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AB at 1187.

Kamalnathan saw Pravinash carrying a black Adidas haversack when they met in
Malaysia. After entering Singapore, they headed to Kranji MRT station – there,
Pravinash entered a public toilet and brought along the black Adidas
haversack. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NEs, 22 May 2019, page 28, lines 19 to 26.

Kamalnathan waited for Pravinash at the Kranji MRT station coffee shop. After
Pravinash came out of the toilet, he told Kamalnathan to call Suren to get
instructions. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AB at 1188.

According to Kamalnathan, Suren then spoke with Pravinash using his
(Kamalnathan’s) mobile phone. After receiving instructions from Suren, the two
of them headed to the second coffee shop. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NEs, 22 May 2019, page 30.

30 After waiting ten to 15 minutes at the second coffee shop, Suren contacted
Kamalnathan via phone, and informed him to meet “uncle” along “the side of a
road”. Kamalnathan then rode his motorcycle along Kranji Road with Pravinash
as his pillion passenger. Kamalnathan spotted a man on a motorcycle with
blinking lights waiting along the road and stopped beside him. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NEs, 22 May 2019, page 34.

This man was Chandroo. Chandroo then handed Pravinash S$20 and gave
Kamalnathan two plastic bags without prompting. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NEs, 22 May 2019, page 35, lines 27-31.

31 At this point, Kamalnathan claims to have received a phone call from Suren
informing him that Chandroo was not “uncle”, and that the “uncle” he was
supposed to meet was at Kranji MRT station, specifically at the overhead
bridge outside the station. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NEs, 22 May 2019, page 37, lines 14-16.

According to Kamalnathan, he then made his way to Kranji MRT station. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NEs, 22 May 2019, page 36, lines 1-6.

There, Pravinash went onto the overhead bridge to pass the “uncle” the
“certificates”, while Kamalnathan used the bathroom. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NEs, 22 May 2019, page 39.

Pravinash did so because he “kn[ew] uncle”, having passed the same uncle
“certificates” before. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NEs, 22 May 2019, page 39, lines 1-3.

Shortly after, Kamalnathan was arrested by CNB officers.

(3) Chandroo’s case

32 Chandroo denies any knowledge of the conspiracy to traffic the Drugs. He
claims that his meeting with Pravinash and Kamalnathan was on an entirely
different premise – he was to repay a loan to his friend, Kumar. He had
liaised with one Sathish (“Sathish”) in order to facilitate the said
repayment. It was on Sathish’s instructions that Chandroo liaised with
Pravinash and Kamalnathan at Kranji Road on the day of his arrest. At no point
was Chandroo privy to the presence of the Drugs in their possession.

33 Chandroo states that he had purportedly been informed by Sathish to head to
Sivan Temple at Kranji. When he reached Kranji Road at about 9.00pm, and as he
was travelling on his motorcycle, he heard a horn, and “saw [two] persons
seated on a motorcycle… and following [him] from behind”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1D1 at p 4.

When Chandroo pulled over, the two persons on the said motorcycle also stopped
beside him. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

1D1 at p 4.

They were Pravinash and Kamalnathan, and he began conversing with them. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

1D1 at p 5.

Chandroo understood them to be the men whom Sathish sent to collect Kumar’s
money. Chandroo claims he then handed S$20 and a plastic bag to Kamalnathan,
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

1D1 at p 5; NEs, 21 May 2019, page 3 line 17 to page 4 line 30.

and was told by Kamalnathan to “wait at the Indian coffee shop in front” –
this was a reference to the Kranji MRT station coffee shop. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

1D2 at p1.

34 Chandroo did as he was told and headed to the Kranji MRT station coffee
shop. When he reached, he stopped and waited; he then saw Kamalnathan and
Pravinash “spe[eding] past” on the former’s motorcycle. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

1D2 at p 1.

Chandroo then rode off. He was later arrested by CNB officers who flanked him
as he was riding his motorcycle.

Issues

35 Based on the parties’ cases, several discrete issues may be discerned vis-
à-vis each of the accused persons. A number of these concern one pivotal
question: was there an arrangement between Pravinash, Kamalnathan and Chandroo
for the Drugs to be delivered to the latter? This is the central factual
inquiry in the present case. If the answer is in the affirmative, several
issues will be resolved in favour of the Prosecution, in particular the
following:

(a) whether Pravinash and Kamalnathan shared an intention to traffic the
Drugs;

(b) whether Kamalnathan had joint possession of the Drugs with Pravinash on
the day of their arrest; and

(c) whether Chandroo was part of an agreement with Pravinash and Kamalnathan
to traffic the Drugs.

These, as will be explained, correspond to several of the elements of the
charges that the accused persons face.

36 After addressing the aforementioned question, several issues remain that
require further consideration, viz:

(a) In relation to Pravinash, the key issue pertains to the second element of
the offence for which he is charged, ie, knowledge. Specifically, the question
is whether he knew that the Drugs were cannabis.

(b) Similarly, for Kamalnathan, the key issue is whether he knew that the
Drugs were cannabis.

(c) There are two residual questions with respect to Chandroo. First, whether
he knew that the Drugs were cannabis. Second, whether he intended to traffic
the Drugs thereafter, ie, on-traffic the Drugs after receiving them from
Pravinash and Kamalnathan.

37 If the accused persons are found guilty, a separate question then arises at
the sentencing stage. This is whether each of them may be considered mere
couriers under s 33B(1)(a) of the MDA. I will first set out the elements of
the relevant offences before I address each of the above issues in turn.

The elements of the offences

38 The Prosecution has, by and large, correctly identified the elements of the
various offences for which the accused persons are being charged. I reiterate
the salient portions of their written closing submissions below.

39 The three elements of the offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the
MDA are uncontroversial and were restated in the Court of Appeal’s decision in
Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2014] 3 SLR
721 (at [59]) as follows:

(a) possession of a controlled drug;

(b) knowledge of the nature of the drug; and

(c) the drugs were possessed for the purpose of unauthorised trafficking.

40 The elements of the offence under s 12 of the MDA of abetting by conspiracy
an offence under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA have been framed with varying degrees of
specificity and are phrased slightly differently in different cases. The Court
of Appeal in Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 619
stated (at [76]) that the essential elements of abetment by conspiracy are:
(a) the person abetting must engage with one or more persons in a conspiracy;
(b) the conspiracy must be for the doing of the thing abetted; and (c) an act
or an illegal omission must take place “in pursuance of the conspiracy in
order to the doing of that thing”. The Court of Appeal in the subsequent
decision of Ali bin Mohamad Bahashwan v Public Prosecutor and other appeals
[2018] 1 SLR 610 (“Ali bin Mohamad”) stated that the mens rea elements for
abetment of drug trafficking by way of a conspiracy are as follows:

(a) the abettor must have intended to be party to an agreement to do an
unlawful act (at [34]);

(b) the abettor must have known the general purpose of the common design, and
the fact that the act agreed to be committed is unlawful (at [34]); and

(c) the abettor must have intended to traffic or pass on the offending drugs
to someone other than himself (at [3], [76] and [78]).

In the light of the authorities above, the elements may be summarised as
follows: where abetment by conspiracy in drug trafficking is concerned, what
must be shown is that the abettor was privy to the plan to traffic the
offending drugs, and intended to be part of that plan. The abettor must have
committed an act or illegal omission pursuant to such a plan. Importantly, and
although not expressly stated, it may also be gleaned from the line of
authorities cited above that in addition to knowing that certain drugs were to
be trafficked, the abettor must also know of the nature of the drugs intended
to be trafficked pursuant to the conspiracy. This is part of the requirement
of knowing, and intending to be a part, of the agreement to traffic illicit
drugs. Lastly, the abettor must have intended the illicit drugs to be
trafficked to someone other than himself.

41 Critically, these elements are also applicable in cases of a person
abetting the trafficking of drugs to himself/herself. In particular, element
(c) above comes to the fore in such situations: the abettor who is the
purchaser or recipient of the drugs in the conspiracy must not be one who
intends those drugs only for his own consumption but one who intends to on-
traffic (eg, on-sell, on-deliver, on-distribute, or on-transport) the drugs in
question to someone else (see Liew Zheng Yang v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR
611 at [33]–[47]; Ali bin Mohamad at [75]–[85]). This will be relevant for the
discussion on Chandroo.

42 As for Kamalnathan who purportedly facilitated the delivery of the Drugs to
someone else, ie, his co-conspirator Chandroo in the present case, the mens
rea elements for the charge against him will be made out once the first two
elements (see [40(a)] and [40(b)] above) are satisfied, ie, Kamalnathan (a)
intended to be a party to the agreement to traffic the Drugs to Chandroo, and
(b) knew of the general purpose of the agreement, and that the agreed act to
traffic the Drugs to Chandroo is unlawful. The third element (see [40(c)]
above) is necessarily made out once the first two elements are satisfied, as
it follows that Kamalnathan must have intended those illicit drugs to be
delivered to Chandroo.

43 I make a quick but important observation as regards the application of the
case law reproduced above to the present case. As regards Pravinash and
Chandroo, this is uncontroversial. The elements of the offence that have to be
proven with respect to each of them are as reproduced at [39] and [40] above
respectively. These broadly correspond with the Prosecution’s submissions on
the same (see [19] and [21] above).

44 For Kamalnathan, he is being charged under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA read with
ss 5(2) and 12 of the said Act. Curiously, the Prosecution in their
submissions appears to have framed the elements of his alleged offence in the
context of a charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) simpliciter, ie, absent
the abetment by conspiracy limb (see [20] above). That said, this omission
does not render the Prosecution’s case defective: if the Prosecution does
succeed in proving the elements set out in their submissions, they would
indubitably fulfil the requirements of the abetment by conspiracy charge that
Kamalnathan faces. If it is shown that Kamalnathan jointly possessed the Drugs
with Pravinash, knew that the Drugs were cannabis and intended to traffic the
Drugs to Chandroo, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at pp 53 to 74.

then he would clearly have (a) intended to be a party to the agreement to
traffic the Drugs to Chandroo, and (b) known of the purpose of the agreement.
It goes without saying, then, that Kamalnathan must necessarily have intended
that the Drugs be delivered or trafficked to Chandroo. I will thus proceed
with my analysis based on the Prosecution’s case as indicated in their
submissions.

Whether there was an arrangement for Pravinash, Kamalnathan and Chandroo to
traffic the Drugs

45 The central factual inquiry in this case can be parsed into two key
questions: first, whether there was an arrangement between Pravinash,
Kamalnathan and Chandroo to meet on 5 March 2016; second, what was the purpose
of this meeting. I address these questions in turn.

Whether there was a plan to meet on 5 March 2016

46 In my view, there can be no doubt that there was an agreed arrangement for
the three accused persons to meet each other on 5 March 2016. The evidence
points emphatically to this conclusion. The purpose of this meeting known to
or as understood by the three accused persons is a separate question, which I
will address subsequently.

Pravinash’s and Chandroo’s evidence

47 Pravinash’s evidence is unequivocal: he and Kamalnathan planned to meet
Chandroo on 5 March 2016; he knew he had to deliver the Drugs to a customer in
Singapore, and that he was assisting Kamalnathan in making the said delivery.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AB at 1132.

This customer was later established to be Chandroo. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AB at 1029, 1138.

48 It is significant that Pravinash had previous dealings with Kamalnathan
where they similarly delivered drugs to different customers in Singapore.
These consignments occurred in the days preceding 5 March 2016, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AB at 1130-1133.

and are as follows:

(a) On 1 March 2016, Pravinash saw Kamalnathan pass a packet of “brown colour
stones” to an Indian man in exchange for “a stack of money”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AB at 1131; NEs, 25 March 2020, page 5 line 17 to page 6 line 2.

This was done near Kranji MRT station. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AB at 1130.

Pravinash had never met the Indian man prior to this transaction; it appeared
to him that Kamalnathan was able to identify the Indian man based on
instructions from “Boss”, ie, Suren (it will be made clear in due course why
this “Boss” could only have been Suren). 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AB at 1130.

Pravinash had observed that Kamalnathan was always conversing with “Boss” on
his mobile phone during their delivery of the “brown colour stones”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AB at 1130.

(b) On 2 March 2016, Pravinash handed a “transparent plastic packet” of “brown
colour stones” to a Chinese man near Kranji MRT station. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AB at 1131.

He did so because Kamalnathan instructed him to pass “jama” to the said
Chinese man. The “brown colour stones” had been hidden in a compartment of
Kamalnathan’s motorcycle helmet. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AB at 1131.

This is borne out by objective evidence that some of the protection foam at
the top underside of Kamalnathan’s motorcycle helmet (marked “KM-Helmet” – see
exhibit P26) has been removed. I have examined KM-Helmet, which had been
seized by the CNB officers, and there is indeed a hidden cavity inside.
Pravinash also collected S$2,500 from the Chinese man. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NEs, 25 March 2020, page 10, lines 17-26; page 13, lines 12-26.

Kamalnathan did not interact with the Chinese man.

(c) On 4 March 2016, Pravinash again handed “jama” to an Indian customer. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AB at 1132.

He did so on Kamalnathan’s instructions. The “jama” was contained in a
haversack that Kamalnathan passed to Pravinash. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AB at 1132.

It appeared to Pravinash that Kamalnathan was able to identify the Indian
customer after seeing the car driven by the said customer. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AB at 1132.

The above events are corroborated by documentary evidence in the form of the
ICA records. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AB at 961-963.

These records correspond with Pravinash’s testimony. They show both of them
entering Singapore on the aforementioned dates. It also bears mention that on
these occasions, Pravinash knew or at least strongly suspected that the “brown
colour stones” and/or “jama”, which he had passed to customers, were drugs (I
explain this subsequently; see [49] and [95(a)] below).

49 On 5 March 2016, Pravinash expected the arrangement to be the same, ie,
that they were to deliver drugs to a customer in Singapore. Pravinash met
Kamalnathan earlier that day, and saw the latter retrieve the three blocks
from the ceiling of the apartment they were in. Pravinash conceded in his long
statements that he had assumed that the three blocks were drugs “due to the
previous times [he] had entered Singapore with [Kamalnathan] and the things
that [Kamalnathan] told [him] to do”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AB at 1132.

His confession demonstrates that (a) he knew that the items he had brought
into Singapore between 1 March and 4 March 2016 were drugs, and (b) he was
under the same impression on 5 March 2016.

50 It is irrelevant that Pravinash did not know of Chandroo’s identity prior
to the planned delivery of the Drugs along Kranji Road. This does not preclude
a finding that they intended to meet on that day to carry out the planned
delivery of the Drugs. During the previous drug consignments between 1 March
and 4 March 2016, Pravinash had also assisted Kamalnathan in making drug
deliveries to strangers. According to Pravinash, their modus operandi was
consistent: Kamalnathan and Pravinash would head to the Kranji area; there,
the former would identify the intended customer whose identity, up to that
point, would have been a mystery to them. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AB at 1130-1131.

Based on Pravinash’s evidence and their conduct as described at [48] above, it
is apparent that neither Kamalnathan nor Pravinash were acquainted with any of
the customers they dealt with.

51 To ameliorate the difficulties with identifying an unknown customer,
Kamalnathan would, on each occasion, obtain instructions from Suren on how to
identify the intended recipient of the drugs they had been carrying. That this
was Kamalnathan’s practice is supported by the documentary evidence, namely
(a) the ICA records; (b) Kamalnathan’s phone records; and (c) the toll
records. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AB at 961-963; AB at 614; AB at 707; AB at 895.

These show that Kamalnathan was in close contact with Suren either during,
before or after each of their entries into Singapore:

(a) The ICA records reveal that Pravinash entered Singapore on 1 March 2016 at
6.42am, and exited Singapore at 9.11am. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AB at 963.

Kamalnathan entered Singapore at 6.41am, and left Singapore at 9.12am. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AB at 961.

The KM-HP1 records show that Kamalnathan received an incoming call from a
contact named “Suren” that morning at 8.21am. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AB at 619.

They spoke for a minute and 11 seconds. This shows that Kamalnathan had been
in contact with Suren while they were in Singapore on that day for the drug
delivery to the Indian man (see [48(a)] above).

(b) On 2 March 2016, Pravinash entered Singapore at 6.08am, and exited
Singapore at 9.05am. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AB at 963.

Kamalnathan entered Singapore at 6.07am, and left Singapore at 9.05am. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

AB at 961.

The toll records show that Kamalnathan received eight calls from the number
“601128686205” between 6.21am and 7.33am, and made three outgoing calls to the
same number between 6.14am and 7.20am. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AB at 909.

This number was saved under the contact “Suren” in the “USIM” SIM card that
was seized together with Kamalnathan’s Nokia mobile phone. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AB at 720.

Further, the KM-HP1 records show that Kamalnathan made an outgoing call to
“Suren” that morning at 9.44am. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AB at 619.

It is hence clear that Kamalnathan was in close contact with Suren that
morning.

(c) On 4 March 2016, Pravinash entered Singapore at 5.15pm, and exited
Singapore at 7.39pm. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AB at 963.

Kamalnathan entered Singapore at 5.14pm, and left Singapore at 7.39pm. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AB at 961.

The toll records show that Kamalnathan received two calls from Suren at 5.26pm
and 6.01pm respectively, and made five outgoing calls to Suren between 5.20pm
and 5.58pm. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AB at 907-908.

Again, it is clear that they were in constant contact.

The necessary inference from the above is that Kamalnathan sought instructions
from Suren during each entry into Singapore and was hence able on each
occasion to identify the intended recipient of the relevant drug consignment.
This is consistent with Pravinash’s claim that Kamalnathan had always been the
one who identified the intended customer during their drug deliveries.
Pravinash and Kamalnathan were thus never impeded by a lack of prior knowledge
as to the intended customer’s identity.

52 Pravinash’s account of the specific events on 5 March 2016 shows that they
adopted an identical modus operandi with respect to Chandroo. Pravinash saw
Kamalnathan speaking to Suren on Kamalnathan’s mobile phone prior to the link-
up with Chandroo. This is confirmed again by the ICA records and Kamalnathan’s
phone records:

(a) The ICA records show that Pravinash entered Singapore at 5.28pm, and
Kamalnathan at 5.27pm.

(b) The KM-HP2 records show that Kamalnathan had, between 5.33pm and 9.45pm,
dialled the contact “Abg Sp” a total of 13 times. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AB at 713-714.

Between 5.43pm and 9.55pm, he had received six calls from “Abg Sp”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

AB at 716.

(c) In Kamalnathan’s Nokia mobile phone, the contact “Abg Sp” has the phone
number “01128686205”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AB at 713.

This phone number is saved as “Suren” in Kamalnathan’s Lenovo tablet. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AB at 614.

As mentioned earlier (see [51(b)] above), the same number (preceded by the
international dialling prefix ‘60’) is also saved as “Suren” in the “USIM” SIM
card that was seized alongside Kamalnathan’s Nokia mobile phone. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

AB at 720.

In other words, “Abg Sp” is Suren.

It is clear from the above that Kamalnathan was in constant contact with Suren
on 5 March 2016 while he and Pravinash were in Singapore. The irresistible
inference is that, as before, Kamalnathan would identify the intended customer
based on instructions given to him by Suren.

53 Critically, Pravinash then saw Kamalnathan (a) establishing contact with
Chandroo along Kranji Road; (b) speaking to Chandroo; and (c) receiving some
money and plastic bags from Chandroo (see [26] above). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

AB at 1134-1135.

These show that Kamalnathan could, and in fact did, identify the intended
recipient of the Drugs: Chandroo. That Chandroo responded to Kamalnathan shows
that Chandroo was in on the act as well. The only logical conclusion is that
the meeting between the three of them was certainly not serendipitous or
unplanned. I see no reason to reject Pravinash’s account, which is consistent,
corroborated, and is in fact self-incriminating.

54 Chandroo’s evidence to a certain extent also confirms this. While he
asserts that their meeting was for a different purpose, he does not dispute
that Pravinash and Kamalnathan were the persons he had intended to meet that
evening. As noted, Chandroo’s position is that he was due to return money to
his friend, Kumar. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

1D1 at pp 3-4.

On 5 March 2016, he understood Pravinash and Kamalnathan to be the persons
that he was to hand the money to (see [33] above). 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

1D1 at p 4.

Chandroo has never once said that Pravinash and Kamalnathan were not the
persons he intended to meet that evening.

The various deficiencies in Kamalnathan’s evidence

55 Kamalnathan’s version of events is different: he asserts that Chandroo was
not the person he and Pravinash had intended to meet. His case at trial is
that he entered Singapore to assist Pravinash in handing over “certificates”
to an “agent” who would help Pravinash find a job. Kamalnathan asserts that
Chandroo was not the aforementioned “agent”. He constantly refers to Chandroo
as “abang” (for example, in his contemporaneous statement), 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

AB at 1099.

but asserts that “abang” and “agent abang” were different persons. It is the
latter, ie, “agent abang”, and not “abang”, who was the intended recipient of
the Drugs. If what Kamalnathan asserts is true, then it could possibly be
argued that Chandroo and the other two accused persons had not arranged to
meet on 5 March 2016 – the meeting with Chandroo would have been merely
fortuitous or a case of mistaken identity.

56 However, I do not accept Kamalnathan’s version of events. As correctly
observed by the Prosecution, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 158.

Kamalnathan’s account involving “agent abang” only emerged during trial. It
contradicts the position in his contemporaneous statement, wherein he states
that he was tasked to give the Drugs to “abang”; when shown a photo of
Chandroo by SSgt Fardlie, he confirmed that Chandroo was the said “abang”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

AB at 1099.

Kamalnathan insists that he had told the officers who recorded his statements
about the separate existence of “agent abang”, but they had failed to record
this. This however was never put to any of the relevant officers, and
Kamalnathan accordingly cannot now rely on such an argument (see Harven a/l
Segar v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 771 (“Harven”) at [66]). The above
shows that the story involving “agent abang” is an afterthought on Chandroo’s
part.

57 In any event, Kamalnathan has not adduced a shred of evidence evincing the
existence of “agent abang”. In fact, the available evidence points to the
opposite conclusion: “agent abang” does not exist. Pravinash and Chandroo both
testify that there was an agreement to regroup at the Kranji MRT station
coffee shop after the three of them had met along Kranji Road. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

AB at 1134.

Pravinash also confirms that they did so to evade CNB officers; conceivably,
the plan to regroup was to facilitate the smooth delivery of the Drugs to
Chandroo at a location where they believed CNB officers would not be present.
Kamalnathan has not convincingly disputed their evidence. If Chandroo was not
the intended recipient of the Drugs, and if Kamalnathan knew this, why did
Kamalnathan instruct Chandroo to regroup at the Kranji MRT station coffee
shop? It is Kamalnathan’s own position that Suren informed him over the phone
during the meeting at Kranji Road that “agent abang” was not at Kranji Road,
but at the overhead bridge outside Kranji MRT station. If so, surely
Kamalnathan would not have arranged for a subsequent rendezvous at the Kranji
MRT station coffee shop but would have instead made a beeline for Kranji MRT
station together with Pravinash. While Kamalnathan asserts that he did so, his
evidence flies in the face of what both Chandroo and Pravinash have stated and
what the CNB officers have observed; in fact, Pravinash’s evidence is, as
mentioned, self-incriminating, and no reason has been offered as to why
Pravinash would lie about this matter. Tellingly, when confronted with this
issue during cross-examination, Kamalnathan could only offer a bare denial. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NEs, 11 July 2019, page 9, lines 13 to 27.

58 I add, importantly, that the incredible nature of Kamalnathan’s defence as
a whole confirms that he is not a credible witness; his bare assertions,
unsupported by evidence, cannot be accepted. I will explain this in greater
detail when discussing Kamalnathan’s account of the purpose of the accused
persons’ meeting at Kranji Road (see [63]–[67] below). For present purposes,
based on the reasons above, it is apparent to me that Kamalnathan changed his
evidence during trial in an attempt to exculpate himself. He attempts to
distance himself from the Drugs. By (a) suggesting that Chandroo was not the
intended recipient of the Drugs, and (b) asserting that there was a different
recipient in his mind, Kamalnathan conceivably thought that he could deny
involvement in the transaction even if Chandroo came clean and pointed the
finger at him. However, as explained, his story is defective on multiple
counts, and irreconcilable with Pravinash’s and Chandroo’s testimony. I
therefore reject Kamalnathan’s assertion that he did not intend to meet
Chandroo on the day of their arrest. It is clear to me that Chandroo was, at
all times, the person who Pravinash and Kamalnathan planned to meet on 5 March
2016.

59 The next question that arises concerns the purpose of the meeting along
Kranji Road that evening.

The purpose of the meeting on 5 March 2016

60 On this issue, I prefer Pravinash’s evidence as canvassed earlier (see [47]
above), and reject Kamalnathan’s and Chandroo’s evidence. This is based on my
assessment of the veracity of their respective accounts, as well as the
significance of the events that occurred when the accused persons met along
Kranji Road.

The veracity of the accused persons’ accounts on the purpose of the meeting

(1) Pravinash’s evidence

61 Pravinash’s evidence, as noted at [47] above, is that the meeting at Kranji
Road was for the purpose of delivering the three blocks to Chandroo. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

AB at 1130-1133.

He had been instructed by Suren and Pandian to assist Kamalnathan in this
endeavour. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

AB at 1130.

Pravinash’s account has been consistent throughout the proceedings. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 130.

62 Pravinash has no reason to lie; Kamalnathan and Chandroo have not provided
any reasons for why Pravinash would have had an impetus to be dishonest in
this regard. Pravinash’s evidence on the nature of the meeting, which
incriminates Kamalnathan and Chandroo, is not self-serving or exculpatory. By
accepting that their meeting was for the purpose of completing the delivery of
the three blocks, it would have been clear to Pravinash that he was
inculpating himself as well: he was accepting that he was involved in a drug-
related transaction. His substantive defence is a different one – he denies
knowing the true nature of the contents inside the three blocks. This defence
does not detract from the fact that his evidence on the purpose of the meeting
at Kranji Road only served to further implicate him, as it demonstrates his
involvement in what he knew was an illegal enterprise. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

AB at 1132 (“After seeing the ‘Books’, I knew that they were [something]
illegal… I assumed the ‘Books’ are drugs…”).

In this regard, the Court of Appeal’s observation in Chan Kin Choi v Public
Prosecutor [1991] 1 SLR(R) 111 (“Chan Kin Choi”), despite its relative
vintage, is apposite (at [34]): “the incriminating parts [of a statement are]
likely to be true whereas… excuses [do] not carry the same weight”. Indeed, as
a matter of common sense (and as I pointed out during the course of the
trial), to lie to say one has committed an offence is the last thing anybody
would do. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NEs, 9 July 2019, page 35, lines 10 to 12.

(2) Kamalnathan’s evidence

63 In stark contrast, Kamalnathan’s account is self-serving and his story
morphed throughout the proceedings. The problems plaguing Kamalnathan’s
testimony on “agent abang” (see [56] and [57] above) are not limited to that
aspect of his evidence. Indeed, Kamalnathan’s entire defence involving the
delivery of “certificates” to “agent abang” only surfaced during trial. This
defence cannot square with the account of events in his statements. In his
contemporaneous statement, Kamalnathan admits that he brought “a wrong thing”,
ie, the Drugs, and not “certificates” into Singapore at the behest of
“Malaysia[n] people”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

AB at 1099.

In his long statements, the following excerpts are relevant: 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

AB at 1184, 1185, 1187.

19 … Pandai said to bring ‘jaman’ into Singapore. I asked what ‘jaman’ [is].
He said they called it chocolate. I asked [him what chocolate means]. Pandai
said Suren told him cannot say but to call it… chocolate. When I heard that, I
suspect[ed] that it might be drugs. I didn’t like the job… I did not want this
kind of job of bringing drugs into Singapore…

…

22 Suren then continued calling me every day. I kept rejecting him. I told him
that I did not want this kind of job… On one day during the night, [Suren]
called me and told me that there is a boy who should be brought into
Singapore…

…

29 On 5 March 2016, I met up with the boy… I knew that the boy ha[d] drugs on
him… I suspected because the money [RM200] was too much just purely for
sending the boy into Singapore…

[emphasis added]

The above excerpts, as well as Kamalnathan’s contemporaneous statement, are
irreconcilable with his oral evidence. If it indeed were the case that
Kamalnathan was labouring under the misimpression that he was bringing
Pravinash into Singapore for the sole purpose of delivering “certificates” to
the “agent”, the necessary conclusion is that the reproduced portion of
Kamalnathan’s long statements are self-incriminating lies. I am not convinced
that this could have been the case. It beggars belief that Kamalnathan would
have given the statement that he did if he truly did not know of the illegal
nature of the enterprise he was getting involved in.

64 Kamalnathan has not been able to justify his departure from the account of
events in his statements. While he alleges that his statements were wrongly
recorded and tries to challenge the statement recording process, these
attempts are unmeritorious. The Prosecution has comprehensively set out the
numerous allegations made by Kamalnathan at paragraphs 59–61 of their written
closing submissions, and I do not propose to reproduce those paragraphs here.
92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at paras 59–61; see also para 118 onwards.

What is important is that all of Kamalnathan’s allegations are spurious and to
be given short shrift for the following reasons:

(a) Multiple allegations were levelled against SSgt Fardlie, including inter
alia that SSgt Fardlie had fabricated portions of Kamalnathan’s
contemporaneous statement. These serious allegations, if true, would amount to
gross misconduct by SSgt Fardlie. Yet, Kamalnathan could not provide any
evidence of such misconduct. Nor could he provide any reason why SSgt Fardlie
would have wanted to sabotage him by fabricating evidence. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NEs, 10 March 2020, page 25, lines 15-20.

That Kamalnathan signed on the contemporaneous statement after it had been
read back to him further suggests that there could not have been fabrication
of the nature alleged. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

AB at 1048-1051; NEs, 10 March 2020, page 35, lines 17-20.

(b) It was never put to SSgt Fardlie that he had fabricated portions of
Kamalnathan’s contemporaneous statement. Nor was the issue pursued at any
meaningful length in cross-examination. Accordingly, Kamalnathan is precluded
from making a submission to that effect (see Harven, [56] supra, at [66]).

(c) The same may be said vis-à-vis SI Yip’s recording of Kamalnathan’s long
statements. While Kamalnathan alleges that SI Yip had failed to record his
defence concerning the delivery of “certificates” to an “agent” in Singapore,
(i) there is no evidence of such an omission; (ii) it was never put to SI Yip
that such an omission had been made; and (iii) the issue had not been
meaningfully explored with SI Yip in cross-examination.

65 In this regard, the observations of V K Rajah JA in Thong Sing Hock v
Public Prosecutor [2009] 3 SLR(R) 47, which concern the evidence of public
servants such as investigation officers, ought to be reiterated:

35 … [i]n Registrar of Vehicles v Komoco Motors Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 340
(“Komoco”), the Court of Appeal observed at [38] that:

In the absence of cross-examination, the only justification for not believing
a sworn statement, especially one from a state official… is if documentary or
other oral evidence is adduced to disprove it.

Although Komoco was concerned with a state official performing an
administrative function, I was of the view that the reasoning in Komoco should
generally apply to a sworn statement by a police officer as well…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Kamalnathan’s statements were admitted into evidence via SSgt Fardlie and SI
Yip, both of whom gave their evidence on oath. Thus, absent any concrete
evidence demonstrating that the relevant officers had made such omissions or
were engaged in such misconduct, I find it hard to believe any of
Kamalnathan’s bald allegations. I am of the view that his self-incriminating
account in his statements is a better representation of what actually occurred
on 5 March 2016 (see Chan Kin Choi, [62] supra, at [34]).

66 Kamalnathan is also dishonest about his role in the attempted delivery of
the three blocks to Chandroo. I am totally unpersuaded by Kamalnathan’s
repeated assertions that Pravinash was the one in charge of the entire
operation, and that he had merely been sent to Singapore to help Pravinash
secure a job. As noted, Pravinash and Kamalnathan had entered Singapore in the
days preceding their arrest to carry out several successful drug deliveries
(see [48] above). What is pertinent is that the toll records and Kamalnathan’s
phone records paint a clear picture of who had been in charge all this while.
I have alluded to this in my earlier analysis of the documentary evidence (see
[50]–[53] above). To reiterate, I am satisfied that it was Kamalnathan, not
Pravinash, who had always been in contact with Suren at the material time.
This was also the arrangement on 5 March 2016. Kamalnathan received
instructions from Suren and acted upon them; Pravinash simply followed his
lead. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

AB at 1133-1134.

The FORT analysis on the mobile phone seized from Pravinash confirms this. In
stark contrast to the constant communication between Kamalnathan and Suren,
there was never any contact between Pravinash and Suren even though Pravinash
was also carrying his mobile phone on the day of his arrest. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 31; AB at 723.

If Suren wished to liaise with Pravinash, he could have easily done so. That
he did not points strongly to the conclusion that Pravinash was never the one
in charge of the drug delivery operations. The significance of my finding in
this regard is clear: Kamalnathan was repeatedly and dishonestly trying to
shift the blame to Pravinash.

67 The aforementioned discrepancies in Kamalnathan’s evidence naturally deal a
significant blow to his credibility. Kamalnathan is obviously trying to play
down his culpability. He backtracks from a self-incriminating position. He
recants his statement that he had brought drugs into Singapore, and instead
characterises the meeting with Chandroo as an innocuous one involving the
delivery of “certificates” in support of Pravinash’s job search in Singapore.
He also paints Pravinash as the mastermind, and himself as a blind follower.
In the circumstances, I am not persuaded by his evidence. To be clear, I
accept that there may be some truth to Kamalnathan’s narrative on the
“certificates”, ie, that there was some semblance of a plan to help Pravinash
secure a job in Singapore. Pravinash alluded to this in his long statements.
97

##### Foot Note 97

×

AB at 1132.

However, Pravinash qualified that Kamalnathan had agreed to help him find a
job subject to him assisting Kamalnathan with the delivery of the three
blocks. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

AB at 1133.

Accordingly, and for the above reasons, I am of the view that Kamalnathan is
only being partially truthful in his “certificates” narrative. He may have
agreed to help Pravinash find a job in Singapore. However, he deliberately
omits a most critical detail: they had entered Singapore that day (ie, 5 March
2016) with the clear and specific purpose of delivering the Drugs to Chandroo;
helping Pravinash find a job in Singapore might well have been on their agenda
but for another time and on another day. I do not believe that there was any
arrangement to meet an employment agent in Singapore who was to be handed any
of Pravinash’s certificates late that same evening on 5 March 2016. Chandroo
never once said that he was an employment agent. No other person claiming to
be an employment agent had appeared on the scene to meet up with Kamalnathan
and Pravinash late that same evening in relation to job offers or the
collection of Pravinash’s certificates.

(3) Chandroo’s evidence

68 Chandroo’s version of events equally cannot stand up to scrutiny. Chandroo
testifies that he had met Pravinash and Kamalnathan for the purpose of passing
them money that was to be returned to Kumar, his friend in Malaysia. Several
aspects of his evidence, however, are deficient.

69 First, his account of events is not cogent. In his contemporaneous
statement, Chandroo’s position is that all of the S$4,000 found on him was to
be returned to Kumar, because the latter had loaned him the same amount. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

P140 at Q14 and A14.

His story subsequently changed; in his long statements, Chandroo states that
S$2,000 was meant to be returned to Kumar, S$1,000 was meant to be payment for
his house in Malaysia and for his family’s expenses, and the remaining S$1,000
was for his own expenses. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

1D3 at para 33.

Then, during trial, Chandroo inexplicably changed his evidence again and
claimed that S$2,000 was meant for Kumar, and S$2,000 was meant to be payment
for his house. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NEs, 21 May 2019, page 26, lines 4-9.

The inconsistency between his three versions of events is never satisfactorily
explained, and casts a pall over the veracity of his evidence.

70 The above notwithstanding, Chandroo’s version of events that he settled on
at trial simply does not add up. The eighty S$50 dollar notes (amounting to a
total of S$4,000) that were seized had been bundled together as one bundle and
was tied with a single rubber band; 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

1D2 at para 20.

this bundle of notes was placed in a single envelope. If it were true that the
money was to be divided in the proportion indicated in the preceding paragraph
(ie, S$2,000 for Kumar and S$2,000 for payment for his house as per his
evidence at trial), one would expect Chandroo to have packaged the money
differently. By the time the three accused persons met along Kranji Road,
Chandroo would have been due to pass the money to Pravinash and Kamalnathan.
It would have been extremely inconvenient for Chandroo to have counted and
repacked the money there and then, when he would have had ample time to do so
before meeting Pravinash and Kamalnathan. After all, according to him, Kumar’s
loan to him had been outstanding for some time, and it was he (Chandroo) who
had arranged for the loan to be repaid that day.

71 Further, Chandroo’s case is that Kumar did not ask for the loan to be
repaid in March 2016. It was Chandroo who wished to repay the loan at that
point. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NEs, 21 May 2019, page 58, lines 1-8.

Chandroo subsequently applied for a separate interest-bearing loan in January
2016, at his own volition. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NEs, 21 May 2019, page 58, lines 5-7.

I do not understand why Chandroo had felt a need to repay Kumar at that
particular point in time. This is especially so given that the loan from Kumar
was, on Chandroo’s evidence, an interest-free loan. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NEs, 21 May 2019, page 56, lines 19-20.

Chandroo has not offered any convincing explanation in this regard.

72 Furthermore, if the repayment of Kumar’s loan was indeed “urgent”, as
Chandroo asserts, it is not clear why repayment of the loan could not have
been made earlier, in February 2016. After all, according to Chandroo, he had
taken out a loan application in January 2016 for the purpose of repaying
Kumar; the said loan had been disbursed to his bank account in February 2016.
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NEs, 21 May 2019, page 58, lines 9-11.

When questioned on this point by the Prosecution, Chandroo could only baldly
assert that he was “unable to go to Malaysia”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NEs, 21 May 2019, page 58, lines 17-18.

This is unsatisfactory. Chandroo accepts that he made frequent trips into
Malaysia, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NEs, 21 May 2019, page 55, lines 23-25; page 55 line 31 to page 56 line 1;
page 57, lines 22-24.

and offers no reasons as to why he could not have done so in February 2016 in
order to personally repay Kumar. I would add that for him to then urgently
arrange to repay Kumar a large sum of money via proxy (ie, through someone
else that he may not have been acquainted with) just a month later does not
make much sense. Furthermore, since Kumar did not ask for repayment of the
interest-free loan, it does not seem logical at all for Chandroo to take up an
interest-bearing loan to repay an interest-free loan on an urgent basis.

73 The veracity of Chandroo’s evidence is also shown up by Pravinash’s and
Kamalnathan’s testimony. Pravinash and Kamalnathan both incriminated Chandroo.
Pravinash’s consistent testimony is that he saw Kamalnathan identify Chandroo
as the intended recipient of the three blocks, and that they made contact
along Kranji Road for that purpose. Upon his arrest, Pravinash was shown a
photo of Chandroo, and he identified Chandroo as the “customer” who was the
intended recipient of the three blocks. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

AB at 1029, 1138.

Kamalnathan similarly identified Chandroo as the “uncle” who was to be the
recipient of the “certificates” (ie, the three blocks according to Pravinash).
110

##### Foot Note 110

×

AB at 1201.

In the light of this, Chandroo’s version of events that the meeting was for
him to pass money to Pravinash and Kamalnathan to return a loan to Kumar in
Malaysia must be rejected. Both Pravinash and Kamalnathan do not allude in
their testimony to any collection of loan money on behalf of Kumar from
Chandroo.

74 From the above, it is clear that Pravinash’s testimony on the purpose of
the meeting at Kranji Road is the most cogent and credible. In contrast,
Kamalnathan and Chandroo are demonstrably dishonest, and their evidence is
littered with multiple inconsistencies which serve only to undermine their
veracity.

The accused persons’ interactions along Kranji Road

75 The manner in which Pravinash and Kamalnathan interacted with Chandroo
along Kranji Road further corroborates Pravinash’s evidence that the purpose
of their meeting was to traffic the three blocks. I again accept Pravinash’s
account of events, which is largely clear and consistent. He testifies that
Kamalnathan was the one who identified and established contact with Chandroo.
Pravinash then saw Kamalnathan receive “a Singapore $10 note” from Chandroo,
as well as “two white plastic bags”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AB at 1134-1135; NEs, 12 March 2020, page 24, lines 1-4.

While there is a minor inconsistency in his evidence as regards the money
passed to Kamalnathan (Pravinash confirms that he only saw S$10 being
exchanged, whereas Chandroo and Kamalnathan claim it was S$20), I do not see
this as consequential. Furthermore, the exchange took place at night and as
such, Pravinash might not have had a clear view of the amount of money that
Chandroo passed over to Kamalnathan. What is material is that it is undisputed
that some money had in fact been passed by Chandroo to Kamalnathan. As for the
plastic bags, Kamalnathan subsequently handed these over to Pravinash, who
then kept them in the black Adidas haversack. Pravinash also heard Kamalnathan
giving Chandroo instructions to regroup at the Kranji MRT station coffee shop.
Kamalnathan did so because Pravinash had alerted him to the presence of
“Police” in the vicinity. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

AB at 1134.

Specifically, Pravinash told Kamalnathan that he “felt someone was watching
[them]”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NEs, 13 March 2020, page 17, lines 4-9.

76 Chandroo’s evidence on the events at Kranji Road, as per his long
statements, corroborates Pravinash’s account to some extent. As mentioned,
Chandroo states that he handed S$20 and a plastic bag to “the rider”, ie,
Kamalnathan. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

1D1 at p 5.

Chandroo was then told by Kamalnathan to wait at the Kranji MRT station coffee
shop. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

1D2 at p 1.

This important fact of having to meet again at another location emanating from
Chandroo by and large mirrors Pravinash’s evidence. While there is a minor
inconsistency in Chandroo’s evidence, ie, he claims he passed only one plastic
bag to Kamalnathan (and not two), this is in my view immaterial. Pravinash’s
and Kamalnathan’s evidence is that there were two plastic bags; indeed, two
plastic bags were in fact recovered by the CNB officers (marked “A1” and “A2”
respectively). More importantly, what is crucial is that Chandroo accepts that
an exchange of this nature occurred with Kamalnathan.

77 Kamalnathan’s evidence on the specific events at Kranji Road is, yet again,
inconsistent.

(a) His initial evidence in his long statements is that Pravinash, not Suren,
pointed him to the direction of Chandroo. Kamalnathan also states that he was
given instructions by Suren to leave Pravinash with Chandroo, although it is
unclear why this was not eventually done. He also claims that when they met,
Chandroo handed “some plastic bags” to Pravinash. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

AB at 1189.

After this, Kamalnathan rode off with Pravinash as his pillion passenger. No
mention is made of the planned rendezvous at the Kranji MRT station coffee
shop, or them being alerted to the presence of CNB officers nearby.

(b) In the course of his long statements, however, his story changes – he
claims that Suren did not give him instructions to leave Pravinash with
Chandroo. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

AB at 1197.

He also makes no mention of seeing Chandroo pass any plastic bags to
Pravinash, and instead claims that Pravinash told him that Chandroo had handed
him (Pravinash) two plastic bags. Again, he does not mention that he had
informed Chandroo to regroup at the Kranji MRT station coffee shop.

(c) At trial, Kamalnathan states that Chandroo had given him two plastic bags.
When the inconsistency between this position and that in his statements was
pointed out to him at trial, he claimed that his statements had been wrongly
recorded. Yet, this allegation was never put to SI Yip or the interpreter,
Subramaniam. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 161.

When confronted during cross-examination with Chandroo’s and Pravinash’s
version of events, Kamalnathan again could only offer a bare denial. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NEs, 11 July 2019, page 7 line 9 to page 8 line 2.

In the light of the conspicuous internal contradictions in his evidence, his
lack of credibility (see [67] and [74] above), and Pravinash’s consistent
evidence to the contrary, I disregard this portion of Kamalnathan’s testimony.
I instead prefer Pravinash’s and Chandroo’s account of the relevant events,
ie, that they had in fact arranged for a regrouping at another location (the
Kranji MRT station coffee shop).

78 Pravinash’s and Chandroo’s account of having to meet again at another
location is significant. As the Prosecution rightly points out, that the
accused persons saw the need to regroup when alerted to the presence of CNB
officers in the vicinity speaks to the conclusion that they were involved in
illicit/illegal activity. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

AB at 1134.

I agree that there would have been no good reason to regroup if the intended
transaction was merely an innocuous one such as a handing over of educational
certificates or monies for the repayment of a loan.

79 Indeed, the fact that a second meeting (at the Kranji MRT station coffee
shop) was convened casts serious doubt over both Kamalnathan’s and Chandroo’s
evidence on the purpose of the meeting. If Kamalnathan and Pravinash were
indeed intending to hand over “certificates” to someone in Singapore at the
meeting, why would Kamalnathan see the need to convene a second meeting at the
Kranji MRT station coffee shop? The certificates could simply have been handed
over at Kranji Road. Kamalnathan does not satisfactorily explain or justify
the need for the second meeting at the Kranji MRT station coffee shop.
Likewise, Chandroo could have simply handed the money he owed Kumar over to
Pravinash and Kamalnathan at Kranji Road. There is again no need for a second
meeting at the Kranji MRT station coffee shop, and no satisfactory explanation
has been provided by Chandroo for the same. Both Kamalnathan and Chandroo have
not offered any reasons to explain why Pravinash would have lied about the
reason for the regrouping at the Kranji MRT station coffee shop, ie, a
detection of the presence of CNB officers in the vicinity of Kranji Road where
they had first met up. Indeed, there were undercover CNB officers nearby
trailing and observing them discreetly.

80 The same may be said as regards Chandroo’s handing over of two plastic bags
to Kamalnathan. Preliminarily, it is unclear as to who instigated the handing
over of the said plastic bags. Kamalnathan asserts that Chandroo did so
without prompting; Chandroo claims Kamalnathan asked for the plastic bags; 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NEs, 21 May 2019, page 4, lines 28-30.

and Pravinash takes no position, simply stating that he saw the plastic bags
being handed over. Even so, this uncertainty is inconsequential. What is
important is this: why did the plastic bags have to be handed over if the sole
purport of the meeting was for Kamalnathan to hand “certificates” over to
Chandroo, and/or for Chandroo to return money to Kumar via Pravinash and
Kamalnathan? When confronted with this fact, Kamalnathan’s response was self-
evidently unsatisfactory: 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NEs, 11 July 2019, pages 8 and 9.

Court: So you did not ask. Then the---Chandroo took the plastic bag from his
motorcycle and gave it to you.

Witness: Yes.

Court: And did he say anything when he gave you the plastic bag?

Witness: He didn’t say anything. He gave---he took the plastic bag, gave it to
me and I handed it to Pravin.

Court: Oh, you all understood what the plastic bag was for. I mean, somebody
gives me a plastic bag and for what? Why do you give me a plastic bag?

Witness: I didn’t understand anything from his giving me the plastic bag, Your
Honour.

Court: That’s why we don’t understand.

Witness: But I think Pravin understood what the plastic bag was for because I
took the plastic bag and I gave Pravin the bag.

Court: Oh, because you give Pravin the bag, then Pravin will understand. So I
have a situa---two motorcycles meet, all they meet is to exchange plastic
bags. And then you don’t know. I’m not sure whether the uncle knows. Pravin
knows. Is that the situation?

Witness: Yes.

81 Besides being an inadequate explanation for why Chandroo handed over
plastic bags to them, Kamalnathan’s response is yet another manifestation of
his attempt to point the finger at Pravinash, and to distance himself from the
transaction. The extent of Kamalnathan’s lack of candour is staggering. For
the reasons provided earlier (see [66] and [67] above), I do not accept his
testimony. Kamalnathan knew what the plastic bags were for. Pravinash’s and
Kamalnathan’s subsequent actions reveal the true reason for the giving of the
plastic bags, and that Kamalnathan was privy to this: as noted earlier (see
[26] above), Pravinash stated that at the industrial area near Kranji Road, he
and Kamalnathan had placed the three blocks into one of the plastic bags.
Again, Kamalnathan has not provided reasons for why Pravinash’s self-
incriminating evidence in this regard should not be accepted.

82 As for Chandroo, he has simply offered no convincing reason for his handing
over of the plastic bags. When questioned at trial, he simply claimed that he
“[did] not know” why Kamalnathan needed a plastic bag. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NEs, 21 May 2019, page 5, lines 1-3.

According to him, he did not question Kamalnathan’s request. In the light of
my conclusion that Pravinash’s credible testimony ought to be preferred,
Chandroo’s bald and empty assertion of ignorance in this regard simply does
not support his case.

83 The inexorable conclusion based on my analysis above is that the purpose of
the meeting along Kranji Road on 5 March 2016 was for Pravinash and
Kamalnathan to deliver the three blocks comprising the Drugs to Chandroo. That
was the reason why after being handed the plastic bags, Kamalnathan and
Pravinash subsequently rode off to a secluded location, took out the Drugs
from the black Adidas haversack they had with them and placed the Drugs into
one of the plastic bags with the intention to hand the plastic bag with the
Drugs inside to Chandroo. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

AB at 1135.

There is no other tenable explanation for why the accused persons behaved in
the way they did during their meeting.

84 As mentioned earlier (see [35] above), my factual finding that the three
accused persons had an arrangement to traffic the Drugs has several
implications in relation to the elements of the offences. I will explain why
this is so as I address, below, the elements of the offences with respect to
each accused.

My decision on Pravinash

85 There is no dispute that the first element of the offence under s 5(1)(a)
of the MDA is satisfied. Pravinash was in possession of the Drugs at the time
of his arrest. Further, based on my factual finding above that there was an
arrangement among the three accused persons to traffic the Drugs to Chandroo,
it follows that the third element of the offence is made out. Pravinash shared
an intention with Kamalnathan to traffic the Drugs to Chandroo. It is for this
purpose that they entered Singapore together and liaised with Chandroo on 5
March 2016.

86 The crux of the matter is therefore the issue of knowledge. I deal in turn
with each of the two alternative limbs: actual knowledge and the presumption
under s 18(2) of the MDA.

Whether Pravinash had knowledge of the nature of the Drugs

Actual knowledge

87 On the issue of actual knowledge, the Prosecution’s primary position is
that Pravinash, when questioned by Senior Staff Sergeant Kannan s/o Radhamani
(“SSS Kannan”) on the contents of the black Adidas haversack, informed SSS
Kannan that the said bag contained “ganja” (see [19(b)] above). 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at p 44.

It is undisputed that “ganja” is a street name for cannabis. Pravinash
disagrees that he mentioned such a word to SSS Kannan.

88 There is evidence that Pravinash did mention “ganja” when questioned on the
contents of the black Adidas haversack: (a) Staff Sergeant Muhammad Helmi bin
Abdul Jalal’s (“SSgt Helmi”) entry in the CNB field diary, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

P138.

and (b) the conditioned statements taken from SSS Kannan, 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

AB at 970.

Station Inspector Mohammad Abdillah bin Rahman (“SI Abdillah”) 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

AB at 979.

and Senior Station Inspector Chin Chee Hua (“SSI Chin”). 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

AB at 982.

In the three aforementioned conditioned statements, SSS Kannan, SI Abdillah
and SSI Chin all state that Pravinash had informed SSS Kannan that the black
Adidas haversack contained “ganja”. The latter two CNB officers had been
informed of this by SSS Kannan. Similarly, SSgt Helmi’s entry in the field
diary was based on what SSS Kannan had told him.

89 DC3 takes issue with the above, and argues that (a) the evidence above from
SI Abdillah, SSI Chin and SSgt Helmi constitutes “a hearsay conversation”; (b)
the conditioned statements mentioned above were recorded “in a cut and paste
manner” and are hence “highly prejudicial”; and (c) Pravinash never signed
against any written recording of him mentioning the word “ganja”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Pravinash’s Closing Submissions at p 4.

I address each of these contentions in turn.

90 It is unclear from Pravinash’s closing submissions whether DC3 is objecting
to the admissibility of SI Abdillah’s, SSI Chin’s and SSgt Helmi’s evidence on
the grounds of hearsay. Assuming this is indeed the intended argument, it is
flawed. The evidence of the three CNB officers is merely proof of the fact
that SSS Kannan had communicated certain information to them. The content of
that information is simply that Pravinash had told SSS Kannan the following:
that the black Adidas haversack contained “ganja”. In this sense, their
evidence is not inadmissible hearsay. The Prosecution is not attempting to use
SI Abdillah’s, SSI Chin’s and SSgt Helmi’s evidence as proof that the black
Adidas haversack did contain cannabis. Nor is the Prosecution using that
evidence as direct proof that Pravinash did say the word “ganja”. The latter
is the purport of SSS Kannan’s evidence in his conditioned statement.
Accordingly, the hearsay objection is unmeritorious.

91 As for DC3’s second objection, the allegation appears to be that the CNB
officers fabricated the evidence in their conditioned statements. This is a
tall allegation that was never meaningfully explored at trial. There is simply
no proof that SI Abdillah, SSI Chin and/or SSgt Helmi fabricated their
evidence. No reasons have been provided as to why they might have done so. I
accordingly reject this allegation.

92 DC3’s third objection warrants some discussion. A difficulty with the
Prosecution’s case is that Pravinash’s alleged mention of the word “ganja” was
not recorded in Pravinash’s contemporaneous statement. This is problematic
given that the very purpose of the contemporaneous statement is to capture
statements such as these, ie, anything incriminating or exculpatory that an
accused person may say in the immediate wake of his arrest. These statements
are also typically recorded in a question-and-answer format. The accused would
then sign against the statement to confirm its contents. Why then was SSS
Kannan’s question and Pravinash’s answer not recorded in this manner? This is
not just any statement by Pravinash. If true, Pravinash would have, for all
intents and purposes, admitted to a drug trafficking offence – he was arrested
while in possession of the Drugs, and had admitted to knowing that the Drugs
were cannabis. The CNB officers present would surely have noted the
significance of such a confession; the failure to record the same in the
medium (ie, the contemporaneous statement) designed specifically to capture
such snapshots of the accused’s behaviour post-offence is of some concern
given Pravinash’s denial of having uttered the word “ganja” at the time of his
arrest.

93 With that said, I am of the view that the CNB officers’ failure to record
in Pravinash’s contemporaneous statement his mention of the word “ganja” is
not fatal to the Prosecution’s case. It would indeed have been preferable if
this had been done, as Pravinash would have then signed against such a
statement and, in so doing, cleared up any doubt on whether he had mentioned
the word “ganja”. However, even in the absence of such a signed statement, SSS
Kannan, a CNB officer who gave evidence under oath, has testified that
Pravinash did mention the word “ganja”. His evidence is corroborated by the
evidence of three other CNB officers in that they had in fact been told by SSS
Kannan that Pravinash had informed him (ie, SSS Kannan) that the black Adidas
haversack contained “ganja”. SSgt Helmi also made an entry in the CNB field
diary 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

P138.

of what SSS Kannan had told him. In the absence of any evidence of foul play
or any motive or conspiracy on the part of these officers to frame Pravinash,
I am persuaded that their testimonies are truthful.

94 At this juncture, I take the opportunity to address the allegations made by
Pravinash in his further set of written closing submissions dated 15 September
2020. In essence, Pravinash alleges that there is a real dispute as to whether
he had been taken to the Singapore Turf Club (located one minute away from
Kranji MRT station) after his arrest; consequently, issues arise as to (a) the
veracity of SSS Kannan’s evidence; and (b) the chain of custody of the Drugs.
I find Pravinash’s allegations to be without merit for the following reasons:

(a) I accept that the Prosecution’s case with respect to SSS Kannan is not
perfect, and there are certain questions over the sequence of events. Such
questions arise because the fact that Pravinash had been brought to the
Singapore Turf Club is not consistently mentioned in the CNB officers’
conditioned statements. With that said, my analysis at [93] above is
pertinent. There is no proof that the corroborated evidence of the various CNB
officers is a product of a malicious conspiracy. DC3 has not explained why SSS
Kannan and his colleagues would go out of their way to frame Pravinash. More
importantly, SSS Kannan and his colleagues stand to gain nothing from further
“embellishing” their testimony with the inclusion of the Singapore Turf Club
detail. This detail neither strengthens nor weakens the Prosecution’s case –
it is simply a detail. Accordingly, I am not persuaded that the CNB officers
had been dishonest about their account of events concerning the Singapore Turf
Club.

(b) As for the chain of custody, I do not understand Pravinash’s argument.
Whether or not SSS Kannan and his colleagues did bring Pravinash to the
Singapore Turf Club has no bearing whatsoever on the question of who had
possession of the black Adidas haversack. Even taking DC3’s argument at its
highest, ie, the location of SSS Kannan and Pravinash in the moments after his
arrest is unclear, this does not change the fact that the black Adidas
haversack remained with the arresting officers throughout. Pravinash has not
adduced evidence to the contrary. Nor has it been put to the relevant CNB
officers, including SSS Kannan, that there was tampering or a failure to
account for the whereabouts of the black Adidas haversack. This specific issue
was never meaningfully explored. I accordingly do not accept that there was a
break in the chain of custody.

95 It stands to reason, then, that the evidence of SSS Kannan establishes that
Pravinash knew that the three blocks were cannabis. The rest of the
Prosecution’s arguments on actual knowledge strengthen this conclusion. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at pp 46-48.

(a) First, Pravinash had a “holy shower” prior to his first entry into
Singapore on 1 March 2016. When questioned by the court on why he went for
this “holy shower”, Pravinash could not satisfactorily justify why he did so.
133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NEs, 26 March 2020, page 35 line 13 to page 37 line 15.

The probable inference then is that he knew he was bringing illicit drugs into
Singapore on that occasion and hence, he wanted some spiritual blessing.
Importantly, his assumption on 5 March 2016 that the three blocks were drugs
was derived from his experience during previous forays into Singapore,
including the trip just a few days earlier on 1 March 2016 (see [49] above).
It logically follows that Pravinash must have known on 5 March 2016 that he
was carrying illicit drugs, much like his previous visits.

(b) Second, Pravinash initially refused to help Kamalnathan bring the Drugs
into Singapore. He stated in his long statements that he only agreed to assist
Kamalnathan “one last time”, albeit with much reluctance. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

AB at 1132-1133.

The implication is that he must have already been aware then that he would be
assisting to carry drugs into Singapore. At the very least, he must have
expected the nature of the Drugs to be equally insidious (ie, potent or
harmful to health) or dangerous (ie, that importation of the same would have
led to severe penal consequences for him) as those drugs that he had seen
during the consignments between 1 March and 4 March 2016.

(c) Third, Pravinash’s reaction to being arrested was to cry. He was
despondent as he knew he was “going to spend many years in Singapore jail”.
135

##### Foot Note 135

×

AB at 1136.

The clear inference is this: Pravinash knew that he had been carrying
prohibited drugs, and that he would face dire consequences for doing so.

(d) Finally, and as explained earlier in this Judgment, Pravinash admitted in
his long statements that he had assumed even before he and Kamalnathan left
Malaysia that the three blocks to be transported into Singapore were drugs
based on his previous entries into Singapore with Kamalnathan (see [49]
above).

96 By virtue of the foregoing, I find that Pravinash had actual knowledge of
the nature of the Drugs. He knew that the three blocks comprising the Drugs
were cannabis.

The presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA

97 As I have found that Pravinash had actual knowledge of the nature of the
Drugs, there is strictly speaking no need for me to consider the issue under s
18(2) of the MDA. For completeness, I will simply note the following: having
been arrested while in possession of the black Adidas haversack containing the
three blocks, it is undisputable that the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA
applies to Pravinash. It is also clear that Pravinash has not rebutted this
presumption. My analysis in the preceding paragraphs concerning Pravinash’s
actual knowledge in fact buttresses the unrebutted presumption of knowledge
that the three blocks comprising the Drugs were cannabis. Moreover, it is
well-entrenched authority that an accused will not be able to rebut the s
18(2) presumption simply by claiming that he did not know the proper name of
the drug that he had been carrying; he must go further by giving an account of
what he thought it was (Obeng Comfort v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 633
(“Obeng Comfort”) at [39]). My analysis above leads to, at the very least, the
conclusion that Pravinash knew that he was carrying prohibited drugs into
Singapore. He also knew that the trafficking of the Drugs would result in
severe penal consequences for him. Accordingly, and on the authority of Obeng
Comfort, Pravinash has not displaced the presumption against him under s 18(2)
of the MDA.

Conclusion on Pravinash

98 For the above reasons, I find that the elements of the offence under s
5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA are made out beyond a reasonable doubt. I
accordingly convict Pravinash of the charge he faces.

My decision on Kamalnathan

99 As with Pravinash, my finding above in relation to the arrangement among
the three accused persons leads to the conclusion that Kamalnathan did intend
to traffic the Drugs to Chandroo, and that he shared this intention with
Pravinash (see [35] and [85] above). This satisfies the element of intention
in the charge that Kamalnathan faces, ie, he intended to be a party to the
agreement to traffic the Drugs to Chandroo (see [42] and [44] above).

100 That same factual finding also has implications on the issue of joint
possession. As mentioned, the Prosecution avers that Kamalnathan had joint
possession of the Drugs with Pravinash. An accused may be deemed to be in
joint possession of drugs where (Mohammad Azli bin Mohammad Salleh v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal and other matters [2020] 1 SLR 1374 at [52],
[66], [68] and [70]):

(a) he/she knows that the co-accused is in possession of some kind of
controlled drugs (ie, in general); and

(b) he/she consents to the co-accused’s possession by (i) exercising a degree
of power and authority over, and (ii) having some dealing between the parties
in relation to the said drugs.

101 The former requirement is uncontentious. By being part of the arrangement
to traffic the three blocks to Chandroo, Kamalnathan clearly knew that the
black Adidas haversack, which Pravinash had been arrested with, contained some
kind of illicit drugs. This may also be gleaned from Kamalnathan’s
contemporaneous statement, where he admits that he knew that the black Adidas
haversack contained illicit substances. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

AB at 1099.

Pravinash’s testimony, as canvassed earlier, confirms this.

102 As for the latter requirement as per [100(b)] above, by virtue of being
part of the arrangement to traffic the three blocks to Chandroo, element (ii)
(having some dealing between the parties in relation to the drugs) is
satisfied. Element (i) is also fulfilled as I accept Pravinash’s testimony
that Kamalnathan was the one in charge, and reject Kamalnathan’s assertion
that he had just been following Pravinash’s lead. As explained earlier,
Pravinash’s credible testimony ought to be preferred to Kamalnathan’s
inconsistent and dishonest account of events.

103 In any event, I accept Pravinash’s testimony that Kamalnathan, while still
in Malaysia on 5 March 2016, had retrieved the three blocks from the ceiling
of Kamalnathan’s rented apartment. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

AB at 1132.

I also accept Pravinash’s evidence that both he and Kamalnathan had physical
possession of the three blocks when they entered Singapore. Pravinash stated
that he had “tuck[ed]” one of the three blocks into his pants on Kamalnathan’s
instructions. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

AB at 1133.

The other two blocks were with Kamalnathan. While Kamalnathan might not have
physically held on to all of the three blocks at a given point in time, the
above illustrates that Kamalnathan had control over and full access to the
three blocks. Pravinash’s evidence in this regard is self-incriminating and
has not been seriously challenged.

104 Accordingly, and bearing in mind my acceptance of Pravinash’s testimony
that Kamalnathan was the leader as between the two of them, I conclude that
Kamalnathan had joint possession of the three blocks with Pravinash. In this
light, DC2’s contention that there is no “DNA evidence or any photographic
video evidence” showing that Kamalnathan had physical possession or ownership
of the three blocks/the black Adidas haversack misses the point. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Kamalnathan’s Closing Submissions at para 15.

Pravinash’s credible evidence is sufficient to inculpate Kamalnathan. I have
elaborated at sufficient length on why Kamalnathan’s testimony must be
rejected. In any event, given the incontrovertible evidence of Kamalnathan’s
DNA on the adhesive side of the tapes used to secure A1C1A (see [12] above),
DC2’s contention is demonstrably incorrect.

105 The remaining issue pertains to the question of Kamalnathan’s knowledge.

Whether Kamalnathan had knowledge of the nature of the Drugs

Actual knowledge

106 Four aspects of the evidence are cumulatively fatal to Kamalnathan’s claim
that he did not know of the nature of the Drugs: first, the evidence
demonstrating that Kamalnathan had delivered similar drug consignments to
customers in Singapore in the days preceding his arrest; second, his pivotal
role in the attempted delivery of the Drugs on 5 March 2016 to Chandroo;
third, the concessions in his long statements; and fourth, the evidence
showing that his DNA was found on the adhesive side of the tapes used to
secure A1C1A.

107 As noted above, the ICA records and Pravinash’s evidence confirm that
Kamalnathan had been involved in multiple drug transactions in the days
preceding his arrest (see [48] above). Kamalnathan has not meaningfully
challenged these aspects of the evidence. Each of these transactions involved
various quantities of what appears to be different types of drugs, and all
were conducted under Kamalnathan’s charge. On each occasion, the drugs had
been in Kamalnathan’s possession prior to delivery. The transactions were
always conducted covertly, at a desolate location near Kranji MRT station. On
every instance, Pravinash simply followed Kamalnathan’s instructions.

108 This was also the case on 5 March 2016. Pravinash had followed
Kamalnathan’s lead. The Drugs had been retrieved by Kamalnathan from the
ceiling of the rented apartment they had been staying in. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

AB at 1132.

The evidence shows that this apartment was rented by Kamalnathan – Pravinash’s
unchallenged evidence is that Kamalnathan paid for all their expenses when he
stayed with Kamalnathan and his wife at the said apartment, 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

AB at 1130; NEs, 13 March 2020, page 52, lines 10-14.

and Kamalnathan’s own evidence is that the rental for the apartment had been
deducted directly from his monthly salary. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

AB at 1177.

Then, on 5 March 2016, it was Kamalnathan who liaised with Suren throughout
(see [52] above), and Kamalnathan who coordinated the link-up with Chandroo.
It was also Kamalnathan who then gave instructions for the three accused
persons to regroup at the Kranji MRT station coffee shop.

109 With the above in mind, it is inconceivable that Kamalnathan did not know
of the nature of the Drugs. Before each of the drug consignments, including
the delivery of the Drugs on 5 March 2016, he would have had been entrusted
with the Drugs by Suren, Pandian, or one of their associates, and tasked to
deliver the Drugs to Chandroo. It is Pravinash’s consistent testimony that
prior to the respective deliveries (including on 5 March 2016), the drugs were
always in Kamalnathan’s possession. The latter must have known what he had
been in possession of, given that he handled the drugs on every occasion.

110 Kamalnathan’s long statements confirm his knowledge. Therein, he stated
the following: 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

AB at 1198.

63 I then alighted from the motorcycle and asked Pravin [what was inside the
black Adidas haversack]. Pravin said “books” [were] inside. When I heard
“books”, I knew it was drugs but I did not know what drugs it was…

Kamalnathan’s assertion that he did not know what type of drugs the “books”
were does not make sense. By his own account, he understood the mere mention
of “books” to be an unequivocal reference to drugs. Different drugs have
different street names – that Kamalnathan could understand that “books” was a
colloquial reference to a drug raises serious questions over his claim that he
did not know what specific drug the word refers to. Consistent with this, SSgt
Fardlie testifies that “books” is a street name for cannabis specifically. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NEs, 26 March 2019, page 15, lines 7-20.

His evidence, while not dispositive in and of itself, has not been seriously
challenged and lends further credence to the notion that Kamalnathan must have
known that the “books”, ie, the Drugs, were cannabis.

111 Finally, Kamalnathan’s DNA was found on the adhesive side of the tapes
used to secure A1C1A (see [12] above). This all but confirms that he had
handled the Drugs. Moreover, Kamalnathan’s DNA was not found on the exterior
of the packaging or on the non-adhesive side of the tapes, but on the adhesive
side of the tapes (ie, the underside). This suggests that he had extensively
handled the Drugs in so far as he had been personally involved in the process
of wrapping up the drugs found within the A1C1A bundle with adhesive tape.
More importantly, it also indicates that he would have seen and known of the
nature of the drugs prior to them being wrapped. This evidence, when
considered alongside the other aspects of the evidence as mentioned above
(including his dismal credibility which means that his bare assertions to the
contrary must be rejected), allows me to conclude beyond a reasonable doubt
that Kamalnathan knew of the nature of the Drugs.

112 Thus, I find that Kamalnathan had actual knowledge that the Drugs were
cannabis.

The presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA

113 As with Pravinash, given my finding that Kamalnathan had actual knowledge
of the nature of the Drugs, there is no need for me to address the issue under
s 18(2) of the MDA. I conclude my analysis on Kamalnathan by making an
observation similar to the one I made vis-à-vis Pravinash at [97] above.
Having had joint possession of the Drugs with Pravinash, the presumption under
s 18(2) of the MDA applies to Kamalnathan. I am not satisfied that he has
displaced this presumption, because he was the one in charge of the Drug
consignment, and clearly knew that he and Pravinash had been in possession of
illicit drugs on 5 March 2016. Their prior entries into Singapore for the
purpose of trafficking in various drugs from 1 March to 4 March 2020, the
surreptitious nature of the meeting at Kranji Road, and Kamalnathan’s central
role in the attempted delivery of the Drugs all serve to buttress the
presumption that he knew of the nature of the Drugs.

114 Finally, on authority of Obeng Comfort ([97] supra), even if Kamalnathan
did not know that the Drugs were cannabis specifically, this would be
insufficient to rebut the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA. As the
Prosecution correctly argues, Kamalnathan has only been able to assert what
the Drugs were not, but offers no plausible explanation for what he thought
the Drugs were. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 155.

This cannot suffice to exculpate him. His feeble explanation that he thought
that the three blocks were certificates can be immediately dismissed because
Pravinash could not conceivably have had so many (ie, three bundles worth of)
certificates; even if these certificates could be bound into three separate
bundles, they would not look anything like the three almost identical blocks
in the first place. Furthermore, no explanation has been provided for why
Pravinash’s certificates were wrapped so securely with adhesive tape, which
would have made it very difficult for his potential employers to take out the
certificates to view them individually. His story simply does not add up.

Conclusion on Kamalnathan

115 Based on the foregoing, I find that the elements of the offence under s
5(1)(a) read with ss 5(2) and 12 of the MDA are made out beyond a reasonable
doubt. I accordingly convict Kamalnathan of the charge he faces.

My decision on Chandroo

116 My finding that there was an arrangement among the three accused persons
to traffic the Drugs to Chandroo resolves the first two elements of the charge
Chandroo faces (see [40] and [41] above). The arrangement meant that Chandroo
intended to receive the Drugs from Pravinash and Kamalnathan. Pursuant to this
arrangement, Chandroo liaised with Suren (and/or his associates) and went to
Kranji Road on the evening of 5 March 2016 in order to receive the Drugs from
Pravinash and Kamalnathan.

117 While DC1 has argued that there were no communications between Chandroo
and the other two accused persons prior to 5 March 2016, 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Chandroo’s Closing Submissions at para 265 onwards.

this does not aid Chandroo. I have analysed this point in detail (see [50] and
[51] above). The night of their arrest may well have been the first time that
Chandroo had met Pravinash and Kamalnathan. This does not mean that there
could not have been an arrangement between them made through a third party,
ie, Suren, who was in contact with both Chandroo and Kamalnathan. The fact
remains that Kamalnathan managed to identify Chandroo at Kranji Road based on
the physical features of Chandroo’s motorcycle. The irresistible inference is
that Chandroo had agreed with Suren, Pandian, or one of their associates, to
purchase the Drugs, and that this plan was executed by Pravinash and
Kamalnathan, with details of identification of Chandroo provided by Suren to
Kamalnathan. It did not matter to Chandroo who Pravinash and Kamalnathan were;
he had arranged to purchase the Drugs, and knew that the Malaysian drug
syndicate would send people to facilitate the transaction on 5 March 2016.
That he was not personally acquainted with Pravinash and Kamalnathan is
entirely irrelevant.

118 Two further questions require consideration, which concern Chandroo’s
knowledge of the nature of the Drugs, and whether he had an intention to on-
traffic the same.

Whether Chandroo had knowledge of the nature of the Drugs

119 In my view, there is no doubt that Chandroo knew that the Drugs were
cannabis. He was the intended recipient and purchaser of the Drugs, and was
privy to the plan to traffic the Drugs to him. I have explained why this is so
(see [60]–[83] above). That being the case, several conclusions follow as a
matter of course.

120 First, and having rejected Chandroo’s testimony that the S$4,000 found on
him was meant to be returned to Kumar, it is clear that this money was meant
to be payment for the Drugs which he had purchased. As mentioned, the S$4,000
was bundled together, secured with a single rubber band, and placed in a
single envelope. All of these factors point to the irresistible conclusion
that the bundled lump sum of money was to be handed over in a single
transaction in exchange for the Drugs. Chandroo has not convinced me
otherwise. Second, as the purchaser of the Drugs, Chandroo must have known
what he was purchasing. I find it hard to believe that anyone would pay
S$4,000 for an unknown type and quantity of drugs.

121 The rest of the evidence only fortifies my conclusions. As pointed out by
the Prosecution, the meeting was surreptitiously conducted at night along
Kranji Road. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 191(b).

Further, and in line with my earlier observation (see [81] above), the plastic
bags handed by Chandroo to Kamalnathan were meant to be used as carrier bags
for the Drugs. Finally, and as made clear in the course of this Judgment,
Chandroo has been dishonest on multiple counts (see [68]–[74] above). I thus
reject DC1’s submissions on this issue, which hinge on the veracity of
Chandroo’s testimony. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Chandroo’s Reply Submissions at para 57.

122 I accordingly conclude that Chandroo had actual knowledge of the nature of
the Drugs which were to be delivered to him. In particular, I am satisfied
that he knew that the Drugs, which he was purchasing for S$4,000, were
cannabis.

Whether Chandroo intended to traffic the Drugs after receiving them from
Pravinash and Kamalnathan

123 The Prosecution’s submission in this regard is that the weight of the
Drugs, ie, 1,344.5g, demonstrates that they could not have been solely for
Chandroo’s personal consumption. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 192.

I agree with this inference. Chandroo has adduced no evidence demonstrating
that he had such a heavy cannabis consumption pattern that would warrant him
purchasing 1,344.5g of cannabis for a large sum of S$4,000 in one fell swoop.
In fact, Chandroo has not run a defence of consumption at all. His case, as
mentioned, is that he met Pravinash and Kamalnathan to facilitate his
returning of money to Kumar. Thus, and unsurprisingly, he has not led evidence
of his consumption pattern that may have aided him in this regard. In the
light of the above, the necessary and irresistible inference remaining is that
Chandroo intended to on-traffic the Drugs to other persons.

124 The third and final element of the offence is thus also made out.

Conclusion on Chandroo

125 Accordingly, the elements of the offence under s 5(1)(a) read with ss 5(2)
and 12 of the MDA are made out beyond a reasonable doubt. I therefore convict
Chandroo of the charge he faces.

Sentencing

126 Having been convicted of the present charges, the accused persons are
liable to be punished under s 33(1) of the MDA. The punishment prescribed
under s 33(1) read with the Second Schedule of the MDA is death. The court
nevertheless retains the discretion under s 33B(1)(a) read with s 33B(2) of
the MDA to sentence an offender instead to life imprisonment and a minimum of
15 strokes of the cane, subject to the requirements in those provisions being
met.

127 Section 33B(1)(a) of the MDA provides that if the two requirements set out
in ss 33B(2)(a) and (b) are cumulatively satisfied, the court has the
discretion not to impose the death penalty:

(a) The first requirement, in s 33B(2)(a), is that the acts of the accused
were restricted to those listed in s 33B(2)(a)(i)–(iv) of the MDA, which have
been referred to as those of a courier.

(b) The second requirement, in s 33B(2)(b), is that the Public Prosecutor
certifies that the accused has substantively assisted the CNB in disrupting
drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore.

128 I shall now hear parties on all issues relating to sentencing.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

John Lu Zhuoren, Chin Jincheng, Charleston Teo Wei Wen, Etsuko Lim and Jotham
Tay (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Uthayasurian s/o Sidambaram (Phoenix Law Corporation) and Lim Junchen Xavier
(Surian & Partners) for the first accused;  
A Revi Shanker s/o K Annamalai (ARShanker Law Chambers) and Subir Singh Grewal
(Aequitas Law LLP) for the second accused;  
Allagarsamy s/o Palaniyappan (Allagarsamy & Co), Zaminder Singh Gill (Hilborne
Law LLC) and Chitra Balakrishnan (Regency Legal LLP) for the third accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

