Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 230

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9073 of 2020

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

David John Kidd  
---  
  
… Respondent

Criminal Motion No 34 of 2020

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

David John Kidd  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Kidd, David John and another matter

[2020] SGHC 230

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9073 of 2020 and Criminal Motion No 34 of
2020  
See Kee Oon J  
3, 20 August 2020

27 October 2020

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 The respondent pleaded guilty in a District Court to five charges of
falsification of accounts under s 477A of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“Penal Code”). Seven similar charges were taken into consideration for
the purpose of sentencing.

2 The District Judge (“DJ”) imposed sentences of 12 weeks’ imprisonment for
four charges, and 24 weeks’ imprisonment for the fifth charge, which involved
the highest amount of loss ($558,010) to Lukoil Asia-Pacific Pte Ltd
(“Lukoil”), the respondent’s employer. The DJ’s grounds of decision are
reported as Public Prosecutor v David John Kidd [2020] SGDC 83 (“GD”). He took
into account the two weeks that the respondent had spent in remand and ordered
two imprisonment terms of 12 and 24 weeks to run consecutively. The aggregate
sentence was therefore 36 weeks’ imprisonment.

3 The prosecution appealed against the sentence, and submitted that the
sentences were manifestly inadequate and an enhanced sentence of at least 18
months’ imprisonment in total was warranted. This is consistent with the
sentence that was sought below.

4 After hearing the parties’ submissions, I dismissed the appeal. I gave brief
reasons orally for my decision at the hearing on 20 August 2020, and I now set
out my full grounds of decision.

Facts

5 The respondent admitted to the Statement of Facts (“SOF”) without
qualification. At the material time, he was a 30-year old Singaporean
permanent resident and a British citizen, employed as a fuel oil trader with
Lukoil.

6 In or around March 2016, Lukoil entered into a contract with a buyer,
Transocean, for the sale and purchase of high sulphur fuel oil. Under the
contract, Transocean would order oil in tranches from Lukoil. To trigger the
delivery of each tranche, Transocean would inform Lukoil of the quantity of
oil it wanted to purchase for that order. The price of the oil purchased was
based on the date on which the trigger (ie, purchase) was declared by
Transocean.

7 The respondent was the sole trader in charge of the contract with
Transocean. The respondent was tasked to contemporaneously enter the details
of each trade into Lukoil’s internal record system, including the time,
quantity, price and/or exposure for that trade. He also had to
contemporaneously carry out back-to-back trades in order to hedge the trade
and cover pricing exposure resulting from the trade on the same day, in order
to prevent Lukoil from suffering huge losses. However, the respondent failed
to contemporaneously hedge all the trades relating to the Transocean contract
which were carried out between 6 April and 29 July 2016. Instead, he attempted
to wait for a more favourable price to hedge the trades in order to gain a
financial advantage for his fuel oil book. The respondent’s delayed entering
of the trigger declarations received from Transocean and his consequent late
hedging at a correspondingly higher price resulted in losses to Lukoil. Of the
18 irregular trades performed, 17 trades led to losses amounting to
S$1,024,208 in total. This figure was based on further clarificatory evidence
adduced by way of Criminal Motion 34 of 2020 brought by the appellant, which I
had allowed.

8 Lukoil used daily mark-to-market updates to monitor its trading position and
risk exposure. The mark-to-market updates were intended to provide Lukoil with
a realistic appraisal of its financial situation based on prevailing market
conditions. However, the respondent entered false mark-to-market updates
projecting gains into Lukoil’s system, so as to negate or mitigate the losses
caused by the irregular trades. These false updates therefore concealed the
losses resulting from the late hedging. The respondent’s recording of false
mark-to-market updates in Lukoil’s system was the subject of the charges under
s 477A of the Penal Code. In respect of the five proceeded charges, the false
entries were made from 17 May to 1 July 2016.

9 The respondent later cancelled the Transocean contract prematurely without
the approval or knowledge of Lukoil’s management, and resigned from Lukoil a
day after having done so, on 29 July 2016. These events led to internal
investigations, which were carried out by Lukoil, and the subsequent discovery
of the offences. A police report was lodged on 3 February 2017 with the
Commercial Affairs Department, alleging that the respondent had backdated
trades that resulted in losses for Lukoil.

10 As the respondent did not cooperate with police investigations, significant
investigative resources had to be expended between March 2017 and April 2018.
The respondent eventually admitted to the offences on 28 April 2018. The
respondent also gave false information in his statements that his colleagues
could have performed the irregular trades.

The decision below

11 The DJ held that the following sentencing considerations identified in Tan
Puay Boon v Public Prosecutor [2003] 3 SLR(R) 390 (“Tan Puay Boon”) at [47]
and [50] were applicable to the present case:

(a) whether there was deviousness or surreptitious planning;

(b) whether the falsifications were committed for one’s personal gain;

(c) whether there was abuse of trust; and

(d) the quantum of monies involved.

12 Applying these considerations, the DJ opined that while the respondent had
repeatedly keyed in false updates and the offences were premeditated, his
actions were not as “sophisticated, surreptitious or egregious” as the
precedent cases cited by the appellant. As to whether the respondent had
committed offences for personal gain, the DJ noted that the respondent did not
receive any direct monetary benefit. While the respondent was entrusted with
responsibility over the contract, he did not occupy a high position in
Lukoil’s hierarchy, and he was also not employed for as long as the offenders
in the cases cited by the appellant. The DJ noted that while the offences did
not directly cause the losses to Lukoil, the concealment had allowed the
irregular trades to continue since the false updates were made to conceal
losses caused by the late hedging. In this regard, the DJ found that while the
losses caused to Lukoil were significant, they were significantly less than
the amounts involved in the precedent cases referenced to by the parties.

13 The DJ disagreed with the appellant’s submission that the case of Sabastian
s/o Anthony Samy v Public Prosecutor (Magistrate’s Appeal No 343 & 346 of 1985
(unreported)) (“Sabastian Anthony Samy”) supported the sentence of 18 months’
imprisonment. Sabastian Anthony Samy was an unreported decision and based on
the facts that could be gathered about the case, the offences were
significantly more aggravated than those in the present case. Therefore, the
DJ did not find Sabastian Anthony Samy to be a particularly useful precedent.

14 The DJ also compared the facts in the present case to those of Public
Prosecutor v Takahashi Masatsugu [2009] SGDC 265 (“Takahashi Masatsugu”),
Public Prosecutor v Noriyuki Yamazaki [2009] SGDC 118 (“Noriyuki Yamazaki”)
and Public Prosecutor v Takayoshi Wada [2009] SGDC 162 (“Takayoshi Wada”)
(collectively, the “Mitsui oil cases”) in calibrating the appropriate global
sentence. Finally, the DJ considered the case of Public Prosecutor v Lim Lee
Eng Jansen [2001] SGDC 188 (“Jansen Lim”) where a sentence of 12 weeks’
imprisonment was imposed. The DJ held that, compared to the present case, the
facts in Jansen Lim were less serious and there were stronger mitigating
factors. The offender in Jansen Lim had also cooperated fully with the
authorities, unlike the respondent. As such, the sentence imposed in Jansen
Lim was not a suitable reference point.

15 Accordingly, the DJ found that an aggregate sentence of 36 weeks’
imprisonment was appropriate, taking into account the two weeks the respondent
had spent in remand, and having regard to the sentences imposed in precedents
including Jansen Lim and the Mitsui Oil cases.

Issues to be determined on appeal

16 The main grounds of appeal were first, that the DJ had failed to give due
weight to the relevant aggravating factors; second, that the DJ had been
overly influenced by the absence of direct pecuniary benefit to the
respondent; and third, that the DJ had failed to appreciate and give due
weight to the relevant sentencing precedents. I address each issue in turn.

Weight to be given to aggravating factors

The arguments on appeal

17 The appellant argued that the sentence imposed was inadequate as a
deterrent, as the DJ had not given due weight to the aggravating factors.
Among these were the scale of the offences and number of similar offences
committed over a fairly sustained period, the level of premeditation,
execution and concealment, and the fact that the respondent occupied a high
position of trust as the sole trader for Lukoil’s Transocean account. The
respondent had entered irregular trades into Lukoil’s internal system,
falsified mark-to-market updates to cover up the losses, and persisted in
repeating this process, resulting in losses to the company being compounded.
The false projected gains were factored into Lukoil’s profit and loss
statements, helping to conceal the losses caused by the late hedging. The
appellant submitted that the respondent knew what Lukoil’s risk department
would be looking for in the company’s profit and loss statements, and deployed
a method that would circumvent detection, revealing some level of deviousness.

18 The appellant also argued that the DJ had erred in placing too much
emphasis on the respondent’s position in the company’s hierarchy, instead of
the amount of trust placed in him as the sole trader in charge of the
Transocean contract. The DJ’s reasoning that the abuse of trust was less
egregious than other precedent cases on the basis of the respondent’s relative
position in the company’s hierarchy was flawed, as the court should look to
substance and not form in determining the level of trust reposed in a person,
in line with Lim Ying Ying Luciana v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
[2016] 4 SLR 1220 at [65]. In addition, the DJ failed to give due weight to
the fact that the respondent was highly uncooperative and had deliberately
impeded investigations for about a year, including deflecting possible blame
to his colleagues, before eventually coming clean in 2018. Finally, the
respondent did not make any restitution.

19 The respondent argued that the loss caused to the company was relatively
low when compared to the monthly volume and value of trades transacted by the
company. The respondent also averred that the commission of the offences was
premeditated but unsophisticated, and that the company could have easily
detected these offences had reconciliation been done in a timely manner.
Further, even though the respondent used his position as an employee in order
to commit the offences, he was not placed in an elevated position of trust. It
was submitted that the appellant had overstated the case by arguing that an
international conglomerate like Lukoil with its own system of checks and
balances had reposed a high degree of trust and confidence in a trader whose
job was primarily to enter data into the system. The respondent submitted that
his role was entirely administrative or clerical in nature.

My decision

20 The losses caused by the respondent’s irregular trades were substantial,
and he resorted to falsification of accounts to conceal these losses. However,
I agreed with the respondent that the loss caused to Lukoil was relatively
low, when viewed in the context of the aggregate volume and value of trades
transacted by Lukoil. This context is relevant when assessing the extent and
actual impact of the loss that the respondent had caused. The offences were
premeditated but unsophisticated in their execution, and it was a matter of
time before Lukoil would have been able to uncover the respondent’s actions.

21 I accepted that the respondent was undoubtedly in a position of trust as
the sole trader for the Transocean account. I also accepted that in
determining the severity of the abuse of trust, the court should look to
substance and not to form. Nevertheless, the respondent was a junior and
relatively inexperienced trader, and having regard again to the context of
Lukoil’s volume and value of trades transacted, he was not placed in a
particularly elevated position of trust or authority. I was not persuaded that
his abuse of trust was a particularly strong aggravating factor. I did not
agree however with his attempt to further downplay his responsibility by
suggesting that he was merely performing an administrative or clerical role.

22 It cannot be disputed that the respondent was uncooperative when
investigations began, and that significant investigative resources had to be
expended as a result. Notwithstanding that, he did eventually cooperate and
had elected to plead guilty. The lack of cooperation given by an offender to
the authorities, such as by not providing information, would not generally be
an aggravating factor (see, eg, Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Ikrimah bin
Muhammad Adrian Rogelio Galaura [2020] SGHC 107 at [58]). It is possible that
in an appropriate case with more egregious facts, an offender’s lack of
cooperation could be an aggravating factor, such as where he deliberately
furnishes false information, where he attempts to wrongly divert blame to
others, or where he attempts to conceal or dispose of evidence. Much depends
on the facts of each case.

23 In the present case, it was revealed in the SOF that the respondent did not
provide information to the authorities, such that significant investigative
resources had to be expended. He had also falsely stated in his statements
that his colleagues could have performed the irregular trades. However, the
SOF did not specify the extent or particulars of such falsehoods, and the
respondent was also not charged with an offence of furnishing false
information to a public servant under s 182 of the Penal Code. From the facts
available before the court, it is not clear that the extent of the
respondent’s lack of cooperation had gone significantly beyond his failure to
provide information. It would not be appropriate in this case for the
respondent’s admitted lack of cooperation to be an aggravating factor.

24 In this connection, the DJ had also pertinently noted (at [1]–[4] and [30]
of the GD) that 18 other cheating charges were initially preferred against the
respondent, resulting in him facing 30 charges in total. The 18 cheating
charges were eventually all withdrawn on the date the respondent pleaded
guilty, as they may not have amounted to offences at all. Conceivably,
considerable investigative resources were channelled into these 18 charges
when they were not sustainable. At any rate, there was no suggestion that the
respondent’s lack of cooperation had caused such investigations to be
undertaken.

25 That said, the respondent’s lack of cooperation would have implications on
the mitigating weight that would have been afforded by his decision to plead
guilty. In Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Ng Kean
Meng Terence”) at [71], it was held that the court should have regard to the
justifications set out in Regina v Millberry [2003] 1 WLR 546 (“Millberry”)
together with all other offender-specific factors in assessing the mitigatory
weight to be accorded to a plea of guilt. One of the Millberry justifications
for reducing sentence on the basis of a plea of guilt was where the plea could
be a “subjective expression of genuine remorse and contrition, which [could]
be taken into account as a personal mitigating factor” (Ng Kean Meng Terence
at [66]). Here, any mitigatory weight that would have been accorded to the
respondent on the basis that he had pleaded guilty out of remorse would be
unpersuasive, although it still could be said that the respondent’s plea of
guilt saved resources that would otherwise have been expended on a trial. I
note that the DJ justifiably did not place significant mitigating weight on
the respondent’s plea of guilt.

26 The respondent did not make any restitution as he did not have the means to
do so. Moreover, it should be borne in mind that he was convicted of charges
involving falsification of accounts; the charges did not involve personal
enrichment, theft or dishonest misappropriation of Lukoil’s funds and he did
not actually obtain any pecuniary benefit from his offences. It would not be
correct to characterise his failure to make restitution as an aggravating
factor on the facts in this case.

Absence of direct pecuniary benefit

The arguments on appeal

27 The appellant submitted that the DJ failed to recognise that the
respondent’s offences were motivated by financial benefit, and that
significant imprisonment terms had been imposed on offenders in precedent
cases even where they did not receive direct pecuniary benefit. According to
the appellant, the respondent was gambling with his employer’s money in the
hope that larger profits would be earned, such that he would be rewarded with
a bonus at the end of the year.

28 The respondent argued that his motive was to help the company, and that he
did not commit the offences for personal gain. Whilst it was generally true
that a company’s performance could factor into the quantum of an employee’s
bonus, the SOF revealed that the respondent would likely lose his job if the
performance on his book remained poor. The respondent was therefore merely
trying to improve the book’s performance so as to retain his job. The
respondent further submitted that he had already accepted a job offer at
Trafigura by the time his late hedging resulted in the largest loss of
$558,010, which showed that he was not motivated by the hopes of gaining any
profit for himself. The respondent’s actions should be characterised as a
misguided attempt to benefit Lukoil even though he would not himself be around
to gain from any improvement in the company’s performance.

My decision

29 While the respondent had admitted that the prospect of some possible
financial benefit was among his motivations for committing the offences, it
would appear that he was principally motivated to help Lukoil improve its
bottom line. The fact that Lukoil’s fuel oil team was performing poorly and
had its accounts in the red in 2016 was not disputed by the appellant. It was
also not disputed that the respondent risked losing his job given these
circumstances. Hence it could not be fairly said that because the respondent
was looking out for himself, he was incentivised to commit the offences
largely for financial gain.

30 Nevertheless, the respondent’s decision to resign from Lukoil (ostensibly
because he had been headhunted by Trafigura) and unilaterally terminate the
Transocean contract prematurely after recording the highest loss amount of
$558,010 betrayed a cynical and desperate attempt to avoid the consequences of
his conduct. I did not see how it could seriously be suggested that his
resignation in such circumstances would corroborate his purported lack of
interest in any potential bonus payout.

31 The DJ had rightly taken into account the various considerations that would
go toward assessing whether the respondent had committed the offences for his
personal benefit. The DJ considered that while the respondent might be
financially rewarded if the company made a profit and was concerned about
losing his job, he did not receive any actual monetary benefit from committing
the offences. I did not think that the DJ had erred in finding that the
respondent did not commit the offences primarily for personal gain, and
therefore rightly did not place any aggravating weight on this factor. As for
the precedent cases cited by the appellant, those cases were clearly
distinguishable on the facts. I elaborate on this point at [53]–[59] below.

The sentencing precedents

The arguments on appeal

32 The appellant argued that the DJ had failed to give due weight to the
sentencing precedents. In particular, it was submitted that the facts of
Sabastian Anthony Samy were similar to the present case and hence the sentence
imposed ought to have been adopted as the reference point. Both cases involved
high levels of premeditation and concealment of losses, both offenders did not
gain direct pecuniary benefit and huge losses were caused to both companies.
The shorter duration of time over which the offences were committed in the
present case had been taken into account by the appellant in the calibration
of the proposed sentence. It was submitted that the DJ also erred in adopting
the case of Jansen Lim as a reference point in determining the sentence, given
that the DJ had found that there were material differences between Jansen Lim
and the present case. Finally, the DJ erred in relying on the Mitsui oil cases
(of which two sentences were reduced on appeal without grounds of decision
rendered) when the DJ himself had cautioned against over-reliance on
unreported cases.

33 The respondent argued that the DJ had rightly considered the Mitsui oil
cases, where the offenders similarly did not receive any direct financial
benefit. In particular, the respondent’s culpability was lower than that of
the offender in Noriyuki Yamazaki. Further, the DJ had considered and given
due weight to the case of Sabastian Anthony Samy. The appellant had overstated
the similarities between the present case and Sabastian Anthony Samy. Even
though both the respondent and the offender in Sabastian Anthony Samy did not
gain direct pecuniary benefit, the latter would have been rewarded by his
company for his efforts, and could not be said to have similar motivations as
the respondent.

My decision

34 It was discernible from the GD that the DJ had endeavoured to analyse the
analogous precedents and derive the applicable principles in a systematic and
methodical fashion.

35 In my opinion, the DJ had rightly referred to the three Mitsui oil cases in
calibrating the respondent’s sentences. The offenders in those cases also did
not receive any direct financial benefit, and a far higher amount of loss was
involved. In particular, the respondent’s culpability was much lower than that
of the offender in Noriyuki Yamazaki, who was characterised as a mastermind
and main trader. The DJ had also duly considered Sabastian Anthony Samy and
was doubtful of its persuasiveness. Comparing that case with the respondent’s
case based on the available case information, it would appear that the
respondent’s culpability was much lower.

36 Having reviewed the sentencing precedents, the DJ reasoned that the global
sentence should be higher than the 20 weeks’ imprisonment imposed in Takayoshi
Wada, but significantly lower than the 18 months and two years’ imprisonment
imposed respectively in Takahashi Masatsugu and Noriyuki Yamazaki. He further
found the present case to be more aggravated than Jansen Lim, and the sentence
therefore had to be higher than the six months’ imprisonment that would have
been imposed on the offender in that case (without taking into account the
remand period). With these considerations in mind, he eventually decided on
the sentences of 12 and 24 weeks’ imprisonment, resulting in the aggregate
sentence of 36 weeks.

37 I agreed with the DJ’s finding that the gravity of the offences in the
present case was not as serious as in other precedent cases where offenders
had acted in their own self-interest and for direct personal benefit, and/or
where they had embarked upon more egregious, sophisticated and surreptitious
schemes involving far more criminal charges and caused huge losses while
occupying positions of greater trust and accountability. I turn next to
examine the relevant precedent cases more closely.

The Mitsui Oil cases

38 I begin with the Mitsui Oil cases. These cases do provide some guidance on
the appropriate sentence to be imposed in the present case, even though no
Grounds of Decision were issued by the High Court to shed light on the
reasoning behind the reduced sentences on appeal in the cases of Noriyuki
Yamazaki and Takahashi Masatsugu.

39 In Noriyuki Yamazaki, the offender was convicted of 10 charges under s 477A
of the Penal Code. The 99 remaining charges, also under s 477A, were taken
into consideration for sentencing. The offender was the main naphtha trading
manager in Mitsui Oil (Asia) Pte Ltd (“MOA”). MOA was required to send a daily
mark-to-market (“MTM”) report to Mitsui Tokyo to provide the latter with a
summary of the realised and unrealised profits and losses made by MOA. Between
April and October 2006, the offender falsified the prices of naphtha swaps
that he was responsible for keying into an Excel spreadsheet, knowing that the
middle office staff in MOA would rely on these prices in their preparation of
the daily MTM reports. By entering false swap prices, he concealed losses of
about US$5 million to US$12 million on each occasion in respect of the
proceeded charges. The concealment of these losses allowed the offender to
continue to trade beyond the loss limits set by Mitsui Tokyo. The losses
eventually snowballed to a significant amount, amounting to at least US$71
million. The offender was sentenced to one year’s imprisonment per charge. On
appeal, the individual sentences were upheld, but the global sentence was
reduced from five years’ imprisonment to two years.

40 In Takahashi Masatsugu, the offender was convicted of 20 charges under s
477A of the Penal Code. 110 charges under s 477A were taken into consideration
for sentencing. He was the Executive Vice President of MOA and was in charge
of the middle office. The offender’s role was to approve the daily MTM reports
to be sent to Mitsui Tokyo, and to give an explanation should the daily
fluctuations of the daily MTM profit and loss figures exceed a certain
quantum. The offender directed his assistant, one Thoh, to alter the profit
and loss figures to reflect lower MTM losses than actually sustained, so as to
avoid large fluctuations in the profit and loss figures. As a result, Mitsui
Tokyo did not have an accurate picture of MOA’s performance. In respect of the
20 proceeded charges, the offender falsified the profit and loss figures from
April to October 2006, and under-reported losses totalling US$73.6 million. He
was sentenced to nine months’ imprisonment per charge. On appeal, the
individual sentences were upheld, but the global sentence of 36 months’
imprisonment was reduced to 18 months.

41 In Takayoshi Wada, the offender was convicted of three charges of abetting
the making of false entries under s 477A read with s 109 of the Penal Code. 14
similar charges were taken into consideration for sentencing. The offender was
the general manager of trading, and he abetted Noriyuki Yamazaki by conspiring
with him in the making of false entries in respect of the naphtha swaps’
prices. Yamazaki reported to him at the material time. In September 2006, the
offender came to know that Yamazaki was falsifying information entered into
the Excel spreadsheets, but agreed not to disclose the matter to Mitsui Tokyo.
In respect of the three proceeded charges, the offender had abetted the
concealment of losses between about US$10 to 12 million for each charge in
October 2006. The offender was sentenced to ten weeks’ imprisonment for each
charge, and a global sentence of 20 weeks’ imprisonment.

42 The three Mitsui oil cases are similar to the present case in that they
involved charges that relate to the falsification of information to either
conceal trading losses or fluctuations in profit and loss amounts from the
company, and where such provision of false information prevented the company
from being aware of the true state of its accounts. This thereby paved the way
for trading to continue and for losses incurred to increase. In the present
case, the falsification of the mark-to-market updates prevented Lukoil from
knowing about the losses caused by the respondent’s persistent decision to not
hedge contemporaneously, thereby allowing the irregular trading to continue
and eventually causing Lukoil a substantial amount of loss.

43 As noted at [36] above, the DJ had found the present case to be more
aggravated than Takayoshi Wada, but less so than Takahashi Masatsugu and
Noriyuki Yamazaki. Unlike the offenders in Takahashi Masatsugu and Noriyuki
Yamazaki, the respondent occupied a significantly lower position in the
company’s hierarchy, falsified information over a shorter period of time and
on far fewer occasions, and concealed losses of much smaller quantums. In
particular, the offender in Noriyuki Yamazaki was the main trader in MOA, and
was given full control over the execution of his own trades. By falsifying
information such that he could exceed the loss limits set by the company, he
had abused the trust that had been reposed in him, and exposed MOA to a
significant risk of incurring colossal losses – an outcome which did
eventually come to pass. In contrast with the offender in Takahashi Masatsugu,
the respondent did not operate with an accomplice and did not hold a senior
supervisory role. As for Takayoshi Wada, the offender in that case did not
personally orchestrate the falsification of any information. Thus, the
respondent’s culpability was clearly higher. I saw no error in the DJ’s
approach in considering the Mitsui Oil cases to determine the appropriate
sentence in the present case.

Sabastian Anthony Samy

44 The appellant relied heavily on Sabastian Anthony Samy, arguing that this
case was the most appropriate reference point in determining the sentence for
the present case. It was submitted that Sabastian Anthony Samy was the closest
case comparison because both offenders had committed the s 477A offences for
the same purpose, that being to conceal losses they had caused to their
respective companies. However, I did not agree that Sabastian Anthony Samy
should be considered the most relevant precedent.

45 As Sabastian Anthony Samy was an unreported decision, the following summary
of facts of the case is drawn from Noriyuki Yamazaki as a secondary source
(see [48] – [57]). The offender was convicted on his plea of guilt to two
charges under s 477A of the Penal Code, with 140 similar charges taken into
consideration for sentencing. The offender was the general manager of the
company. Primarily due to his poor judgment, the Limited Exposure Trading
(“LET”) accounts for trading in gold futures suffered a huge loss. He told
this to one Chan in November 1982 and together, they decided not to disclose
this loss to the Melbourne office but instead to try to recoup the loss. In
order to continue trading, they signed letters of instruction to effect
unauthorised transfers of funds from other portfolio accounts to the LET
accounts. The duo then altered the statements of accounts of these affected
accounts before transmitting them to the Melbourne office so as to conceal the
unauthorised transfers. However, losses continued to be incurred. They only
disclosed the actual state of affairs in April 1984 when the company’s clients
decided to terminate their engagement with the company and sought to withdraw
their balances. The court considered that the duo were committed to conceal
the unauthorised transfers of clients’ money, and that their acts had resulted
in huge losses amounting to $2,741,757.45. Although they did not commit the
offences to enrich themselves, it was equally true that their offences caused
significant losses of monies belonging to the company’s clients. The offender
was sentenced to a global sentence of three years’ imprisonment. His appeal
was dismissed and no written reasons were furnished by the High Court.

46 Whilst not irrelevant as a point of comparison, it was apparent that the
respondent’s culpability was not as high as the offender in Sabastian Anthony
Samy. As pointed out by the DJ, the offender had actively falsified documents
so as to cover up losses of over $2.7 million which were a result of
unauthorised transfers made by him. He worked with an accomplice, and his
actions displayed clear premeditation. The offender also faced 142 charges,
and he had committed the offences over a longer period of twelve months (GD at
[33]).

47 The appellant submitted that the offences in the present case were
similarly highly premeditated and involved “sophisticated execution and
concealment”. However, I did not accept that these assertions were supported
by the facts. Quite apart from covering up the burgeoning losses in the LET
accounts, the offender in Sabastian Anthony Samy had falsified documents so as
to conceal unauthorised transfers of money belonging to the company’s clients.
These transfers were effected to fund his continued attempts at further
trading to recoup the losses in the LET accounts. By systematically making and
concealing these unauthorised transfers, the offender depleted the clients’
moneys in the local stock portfolio accounts before further drawing on monies
in the International Portfolio accounts. Despite the accumulating losses, the
offender continued to effect these transfers over 142 occasions, incurring an
increasingly large quantum of loss with every transfer. In contrast, the
respondent recorded false mark-to-market updates in the system in order to
conceal losses caused by trades which he failed to contemporaneously hedge.
The respondent’s actions were certainly also premeditated, but the level of
sophistication of his plans was not in any way comparable to the elaborate
scheme that was planned by the offender in Sabastian Anthony Samy.

48  Further, while the offender in Sabastian Anthony Samy did not commit the
offences primarily for direct pecuniary benefit, the court had found that he
did commit these offences to protect his personal interests. He was concerned
about his international reputation and recognition as an expert in the gold
trading market, and the impact of the losses on his career. The respondent, on
the other hand, was merely a junior trader in Lukoil. In terms of the level of
trust reposed and the amount of personal benefit each stood to gain, the
offender in Sabastian Anthony Samy was significantly more culpable. Therefore,
on the whole, I did not think that the facts supported the appellant’s
assertion that Sabastian Anthony Samy was factually similar to the present
case and should have been the most appropriate reference point. The DJ had
carefully considered Sabastian Anthony Samy, compared it to the present case,
and had given the precedent its due weight.

Jansen Lim

49 On the other hand, the respondent relied primarily on Jansen Lim and argued
that it was factually similar to the present case. However, I was of the view
that Jansen Lim remains a highly exceptional case on its facts.

50 In Jansen Lim, the offender was convicted before me in a District Court in
2001 of four charges under s 477A of the Penal Code, and 21 similar charges
were taken into consideration for sentencing. The offender was a senior
manager of a bank, and he had instructed his subordinates to suppress or delay
data entry relating to credit lines, in order to allow credit in excess of
limits to be granted to a client. The client had been introduced by the
offender to the bank. For the four proceeded charges, US$1.8 million
additional credit was extended as a result; and for the 25 charges, the
aggregate loss caused by the offender’s conduct was in excess of US$5 million.
The offender was sentenced to 12 weeks’ imprisonment, taking into account the
two months which he had spent in remand. In reaching this sentence, I had
noted that the offender had given instructions to his subordinates openly, and
there was no evidence of surreptitiousness. This was in contrast to cases such
as Sabastian Anthony Samy, where the offender engaged in falsification of
documents to recoup significant losses already incurred, and had abused the
trust reposed in him to make unauthorised fund transfers. I had also held in
Jansen Lim that an important distinguishing factor was that the offences were
only indirectly connected with the offender’s own interests, and there was no
evidence that he stood to obtain any pecuniary gain from the offences.

51 To my mind, the facts in the present case were clearly more aggravated than
those in Jansen Lim. As noted by the DJ, the High Court in Tan Puay Boon had
also commented at [48] that the offences in Jansen Lim were “unsophisticated
and unsurreptitious, with the main intention of conferring benefit on a bank
customer”. In contrast, the offences in the present case involved some level
of surreptitiousness in the respondent’s continued attempts to cover up the
losses caused by the irregular trades. Whilst the respondent did not obtain
any direct pecuniary benefit from his offences, it could be said that the ways
in which his interests might be furthered by the offences, such as an
increased likelihood of obtaining a bonus or of not losing his job, were more
evident than any benefit which the offender in Jansen Lim stood to gain.

52 The appellant argued that the DJ had erred by relying on Jansen Lim as a
reference point. I did not think that this argument was sustainable. The DJ
explicitly stated at [47] of the GD that “in so far as the case of Jansen Lim
could serve as a reference point, it was to show that the global sentence that
should be imposed in the present case should be more than even the six months’
imprisonment sentence that may otherwise have been imposed in Jansen Lim”, had
the offender in Jansen Lim not already spent time in remand. The DJ had taken
care to distinguish Jansen Lim as a precedent and had explained why he found
at [44] that the facts in that case were “clearly more benign” and the
mitigating factors therein “undoubtedly more compelling”. He then calibrated
the global sentence in the present case upwards accordingly. I found no error
in the DJ’s approach, and no reason to fault his reference to Jansen Lim.

Relevance of other sentencing precedents

53 The appellant also sought to rely on Public Prosecutor v Alex Ng Soon Heng
[2010] SGDC 242 (“Alex Ng”) and Public Prosecutor v Tan Liang Chye [2006] SGDC
109 (“Tan Liang Chye”) and submitted that the DJ failed to take these
precedents into consideration. According to the appellant, these cases showed
that substantial imprisonment terms were imposed even in cases where direct
financial benefits were not gained by the offenders. However, these cases are
clearly dissimilar on their facts.

54 In Alex Ng, the offender was convicted of seven charges of entering into a
conspiracy to falsify accounts under s 477A read with s 109 of the Penal Code
and one charge under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289, Rev Ed 2006)
(“SFA”). 61 similar charges under s 477A and one charge under the SFA were
taken into consideration for sentencing. The offender was the Group Financial
Controller of the company. Under instructions from his superiors, he
instructed his staff to inflate and fabricate invoices to raise the financial
standing of the company to make it an attractive investment for investors. The
company’s actual profit was $1.61 million, which was inflated to $8.033
million in its unaudited full-year financial statement released via SGXNET.
The offender was sentenced to two to four months’ imprisonment for each charge
under s 477A of the Penal Code, and six months’ imprisonment for the charge
under the SFA. He was sentenced to a global sentence of ten months’
imprisonment, with sentences for one charge under s 477A of the Penal Code and
one charge under the SFA running consecutively. The sentences were upheld on
appeal.

55 Even though the offender was sentenced to a global sentence of ten months’
imprisonment, I note that the lengthiest sentence was imposed for the offence
under the SFA. The considerations of the court in determining the appropriate
sentences for the offence under the SFA, as well as for the offences under s
477A of the Penal Code, were also specific to the facts of that case. In
respect of the offence under the SFA, the court noted the importance of
truthful disclosure of information under the regime regulated by the Singapore
Exchange, and the impact that false disclosure could have on investor
confidence. In respect of the s 477A offences, the court considered that the
false accounts would deceive investors and expose them to financial risk. In
contrast, there was no evidence that the falsehoods made by the respondent in
the present case had any impact on the general public or on third parties.
Different sentencing considerations would therefore apply in these two cases
with vastly different facts, and comparisons between them would have limited
value.

56 In Tan Liang Chye, the offender was convicted of seven charges of entering
into a conspiracy to falsify accounts under s 477A read with s 109 of the
Penal Code, and consented to 46 other similar offences under s 477A read with
s 109 and two other offences to be taken into consideration for sentencing.
Pursuant to a conspiracy, the offender had either created or caused others to
create fictitious sale invoices and delivery orders in order to trigger false
sales entries in the sales accounts of three companies. The court considered
that the offender was part of a “syndicate that managed an extensive and
elaborate scam” and was an essential part of a “sophisticated scheme involving
the use of false documents between several companies to perpetrate fraud”. In
respect of the proceeded charges, the quantum involved in the falsified
invoices and delivery orders was about $22 million; and the figure was about
$42 million for the charges taken into consideration. Although the offender
did not himself benefit from his offences, the court noted that this factor
had little mitigating weight as “it was not in dispute that [his] criminal
acts did cause harm and loss to others and to the [company] and enable[d] his
accomplices to reap benefits of their nefarious trade on a large scale” (at
[12]). He was sentenced to a global sentence of 45 months’ imprisonment.

57 Again, the facts in Tan Liang Chye differ vastly from the facts in the
present case. The appellant sought to argue that a substantial imprisonment
term was imposed on the offender in Tan Liang Chye despite the fact that he
did not personally obtain financial benefit from his offences. However, it is
clear that the offender was an important player in a scheme to perpetrate
fraud. His actions caused loss to the company and third parties, and also
benefited his accomplices. The aggravating factors present in that case were
egregious and justified the long imprisonment term. Those factors are not
present in this case.

58 For completeness, I should add that in the proceedings below, apart from
Sabastian Anthony Samy, the appellant had relied on Tan Puay Boon, Chew Soo
Chun v Public Prosecutor [2016] 2 SLR 78 and Public Prosecutor v Gene Chong
Soon Hui [2018] SGDC 117 as sentencing precedents in support of the 18-month
imprisonment term it sought. It was not contended on appeal that the DJ had
erred in distinguishing these three cases on various grounds, primarily
because they involved much more aggravated facts and many more charges.

59 Overall, in my assessment, the DJ had not erred in not taking reference
from the sentencing precedents with dissimilar facts. He had correctly
addressed his mind to the specific aggravating and mitigating factors and
accorded them appropriate weight. He was also conscious of the need for
deterrence; as he explained at [57] of his GD, he sought to achieve a rational
balance of the sentencing considerations having regard to the respondent’s
culpability.

Conclusion

60 I was of the view that the main arguments raised on appeal had been duly
addressed by the DJ. He was cognisant of the applicable sentencing
considerations and had reviewed the relevant sentencing precedents before
calibrating the sentences.

61 I dismissed the appeal as I was not persuaded that there were compelling
reasons to differ from the DJ’s considered assessment of the appropriate
sentence. The aggregate sentence of 36 weeks’ imprisonment is not manifestly
inadequate. It is fair and commensurate with the gravity of the offences and
the respondent’s culpability.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Sanjiv Vaswani, Eric Hu and Sarah Thaker (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
appellant;

Vergis S Abraham and Loo Yinglin Bestlyn (Providence Law Asia LLC) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Oct 2020 (22:42 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

