Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE courtS of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHCF 9

District Court Appeal No 124 of 2019

Between

|  UYK  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

|  UYJ  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Family Law] — [Custody] — [Care and control] — [Relocation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UYK

  
v

  
UYJ

[2020] SGHCF 9

High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal No 124 of 2019  
Debbie Ong J  
19, 26 February, 18, 29 June 2020

6 July 2020

Debbie Ong J:

1 The appellant (“the Father”) and the respondent (“the Mother”) are not
legally married and have a child (whom I will refer to as “C”) who is
presently five years old. Both parties and C are British citizens. The central
dispute in this case concerned the Mother’s wish to relocate with C to the
United Kingdom (“UK”). The learned District Judge (“DJ”) awarded the Mother
care and control of C and granted the Mother leave for C to relocate with her.
Her reasons are set out in UYJ v UYK [2019] SGFC 132 (the “GD”). Dissatisfied,
the Father appealed against that decision.

2 Having heard the parties and addressed the multiple applications brought in
the context of this appeal, I dismissed the Father’s appeal on 29 June 2020
and upheld the DJ’s orders. These are the grounds for my decision.

Introduction

Context

3 This appeal concerns the main question of whether a child presently in
Singapore should be allowed to relocate with his mother to the UK. Let me
first put the present dispute in a broader context. The matter of where one
wishes to live, to work or to raise children are personal decisions. Parents
have their own personal aspirations for their child, and for themselves too.
Whether a child should grow up in Country X which has, for example, a high
incidence of racism or safety issues, or be raised elsewhere, is a matter for
parents to decide. If Country X is home to the parents, they will have to deal
with any issues arising there as responsible parents would. If the parents
wish to move to Country Y, for example, a less developed country with
undeveloped infrastructure but with lower incidence of racism and safety
issues, it is their personal choice and they would have to make the necessary
preparations to raise their child in that country.

4 In functioning families, the court would not be asked to make orders or give
parenting advice on whether it is better for the child to be raised in Country
X or Country Y. The court is asked to adjudicate a parenting dispute only
because the parents’ relationship has broken down, and the court is called on
to protect the child’s welfare and assist the family in moving forward.

5 In UYT v UYU and another appeal [2020] SGHCF 8, the High Court Family
Division remarked at [5]:

Family Law is a misnomer for a happy family generally has no need for law nor
does law need to intrude into a happy family. Decisions such as sending a
child of the family for tertiary education, whether at home or abroad, are
discussed and settled within the family, sometimes with a tinge of regret,
sometimes with great sacrifice, but always with the comforting feel of give
and take. By the time the [law] is invoked to resolve domestic problems, it
usually means that the family can no longer mediate within itself. … It is one
thing for a family to give and take within itself, and another for a third
party to determine how they should do it. [emphasis in bold]

Indeed when a third party, the court, steps in to assist the parties in a
matter such as relocation, the focus is not on the breaches of legal rights,
but on how best to protect the child’s welfare and enable the parties to break
out of deadlocks in order that the next phase of the family’s life can
continue in a positive way.

6 These are very important perspectives to bear in mind when we are addressing
the specific issues in this dispute.

Applications related to this appeal

7 I begin by setting out the various applications filed in relation to this
appeal. The hearing for the present appeal, HCF/DCA 124/2019 (“DCA 124/2019”),
had been fixed for 19 February 2020. On 17 February 2020, the Father filed
HCF/SUM 44/2020 (“SUM 44/2020”), which, in essence, was an application for a
two-week adjournment of the hearing of DCA 124/2019. The application was made
on the ground that the Mother had served the Respondent’s Case on 17 February
2020, and not by 14 February 2020 as directed by the court.

8 As the Mother was late in serving her Respondent’s Case, she filed HCF/SUM
47/2020 (“SUM 47/2020”) on 18 February 2020, applying for leave to be heard at
the hearing of DCA 124/2019. In her supporting affidavit for SUM 47/2020, she
explained that her solicitors had inadvertently asked for service to be upon
acceptance, instead of immediate service without acceptance, resulting in the
late service.

9 I heard the parties’ submissions on SUM 44/2020 and SUM 47/2020 on 19
February 2020. The Father’s counsel submitted that an adjournment should be
granted as he did not have sufficient time to prepare for the hearing as a
result of the Mother’s late filing. The Mother’s counsel submitted that there
was no need to adjourn the entire hearing, as DCA 124/2019 was the Father’s
appeal and he could proceed to present his case. I allowed SUM 47/2020 and
dismissed SUM 44/2020, noting that there would be costs implications for the
late filing. With respect to the Father’s submission that he had insufficient
time to prepare for the hearing of DCA 124/2019, I directed that HCF/SUM
5/2020 (“SUM 5/2020”), HCF/SUM 36/2020 (“SUM 36/2020”) and HCF/SUM 41/2020
(“SUM 41/2020”) be heard first at the same hearing on 19 February 2020.

10 The Father had filed SUM 5/2020 on 9 January 2020 applying for leave to
adduce further evidence for the hearing of DCA 124/2019. The Mother filed an
affidavit on 4 February 2020 in reply to the Father’s affidavit. The Father
then filed two other summonses: SUM 36/2020 on 11 February 2020 for leave to
file a reply affidavit to the Mother’s affidavit filed on 4 February 2020, and
SUM 41/2020 on 14 February 2020 for leave to file a supplemental affidavit to
his affidavit of 11 February 2020 to respond “more fully” to the Mother’s
affidavit and rebut her alleged accusations against him in her submissions in
SUM 5/2020.

11 I heard SUM 5/2020, SUM 36/2020 and SUM 41/2020 on 19 February 2020 and
delivered my decision through a Registrar’s Notice (with the parties’ consent)
on 20 February 2020, dismissing all three summonses. I reminded parties that
while the court has the discretion to admit new evidence, the evidence that
may be adduced “should be that which is potentially relevant in that it may
have a perceptible impact on the decision should it be admitted”, and that it
could be “distracting and less helpful to the determination of the actual
issues in the appeal if further evidence were to be admitted without
restraint”. Since SUM 5/2020 was dismissed, the related summonses SUM 36/2020
and SUM 41/2020 were also dismissed. As the submissions on the summonses took
up the entire day on 19 February 2020, I directed that the substantive appeal
in DCA 124/2019 be heard on 26 February 2020, which gave both parties more
time to consolidate the latest directions and prepare for the hearing of the
substantive appeal.

12 Before DCA 124/2019 could be heard, however, the Father filed HCF/SUM
54/2020 (“SUM 54/2020”) on 25 February 2020 for leave to appeal to the Court
of Appeal against my decision to dismiss his applications in SUM 5/2020, SUM
36/2020 and SUM 41/2020, and for the proceedings in DCA 124/2019 to be stayed
pending the outcome of the application in SUM 54/2020 and any subsequent
appeal to the Court of Appeal thereafter. Notwithstanding SUM 54/2020, at the
hearing on 26 February 2020, I directed that it was in the interests of the
parties and the child that the substantive hearing for DCA 124/2019 should
proceed on the basis of the evidence admitted. DCA 124/2019 was heard on 26
February 2020 and at the end of the hearing, I informed parties that I would
not make a decision on DCA 124/2019 until I had dealt with SUM 54/2020.

13 I heard the parties’ submissions on SUM 54/2020 on 6 March 2020 and
dismissed the summons. I observed that the law on the grant of leave to appeal
was elucidated by the Court of Appeal in Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong and
another [1997] 2 SLR(R) 862. On the question of whether there was a prima
facie error of law made by this court, the parties made submissions on the
legal principles on the adduction of new evidence under the Family Justice
Rules 2014 (S 813/2014) (“FJR”). The starting point in family proceedings is r
831(2) of the FJR, which provides that in the case of an appeal from a
judgment, “no such further evidence (other than evidence as to matters which
have occurred after the date of the decision from which the appeal is brought)
may be given except on special grounds.” I noted that the Court of Appeal in
Anan Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock Co) [2019] 2 SLR
341 at [58] stated that even where the Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489
(“Ladd v Marshall”) test applied, the court should “proceed to the second
stage of the analysis to determine if there are any other reasons for which
the Ladd v Marshall requirements should be relaxed in the interests of
justice”. I was of the view that even though “special grounds” are required
under the FJR, the court should relax the requirements if justice required it.
I was acutely aware that DCA 124/2019 concerned the welfare of a child and
took a less stringent approach -– I had gone on to consider whether admission
of further evidence would have a perceptible impact on the pertinent issues in
DCA 124/2019 even if all the Ladd v Marshall conditions were not strictly
satisfied. I observed that the finality of proceedings is an important
consideration where the welfare of a child was involved, for the prolonged
conflict of parents in litigious proceedings was harmful to the child. On that
basis, I had considered the new evidence which the Father sought to adduce and
exercised my discretion by considering the specific facts and issues of DCA
124/2019, and reached the view that the new evidence would not have a
perceptible impact on the outcome of the appeal. I also held that the
questions raised by the Father were not questions of general principle to be
decided for the first time, or questions of importance upon which further
argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the public advantage.
Thus, SUM 54/2020 for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal was dismissed.

14 The Father then sought leave from the Court of Appeal in CA/OS 10/2020 to
appeal against my decisions in dismissing SUM 5/2020, SUM 36/2020 and SUM
41/2020. On 14 April 2020, the Court of Appeal dismissed the Father’s
application in CA/OS 10/2020.

15 Finally, the Father filed HCF/SUM 97/2020 on 24 March 2020 (“SUM 97/2020”)
for the adduction of further evidence arising from recent developments due to
the COVID-19 situation, and for parties to make further submissions for DCA
124/2019 in light of such evidence. I further held off making a decision on
DCA 124/2019 pending the hearing of SUM 97/2020. After hearing SUM 97/2020 on
18 June 2020, I allowed the adduction of evidence related to the changed
circumstances due to COVID-19. The parties were content to have the
submissions made in SUM 97/2020 to be used as further submissions for DCA
124/2019 and I treated them accordingly.

Background facts

16 The parties met in London, UK, in 2004 and are not legally married to each
other. The Mother conceived their child, C, in January 2014 on her fifth IVF
attempt. C was born on 10 October 2014 and is presently five years old. The
parties and their child, C, all hold British citizenship.

17 The Mother primarily lived and worked in London from 1997 to 2018, and C
resided with her in London from 2014 till 2018. The Father left the United
Kingdom to live in Monaco sometime in end March 2014 largely due to the tax
benefits available there. The parties came to a decision in 2017 to move to
Singapore in January 2018 with C, to live as a family unit in Singapore.

18 Prior to the move to Singapore, the parties signed a Joint Letter of
Intention (“JLOI”) dated 17 December 2017. The relevant sections of the JLOI
are reproduced here:

For the time being we have decided that from January 2018 we shall relocate as
a family from our respective homes in England and in Monaco to Singapore for
the purposes of continuing our relationship. We accept that in building a life
together in Singapore our habitual residence may change to Singapore, as may
[C]’s. We agree and accept that any change to our habitual residence or to
[C]’s habitual residence by virtue of our relocation to Singapore now, will
not be treated as predictive of the appropriate jurisdiction for either of us,
or for [C], to remain in at any point in the future. We both recognise that
whilst it is our shared wish to live in Singapore now, as a family, it is
impossible to ever predict long term changes and circumstances. (Which might
include the decease of one parent or serious illness.)

…

We wish to record the arrangements in the tragic event of a breakdown of our
relationship:

[The Father] has agreed that in the interests of [C]’s welfare, [the Mother]
will be the primary carer and [the Father] will have access to his son. [The
Mother] has made it clear to [the Father] that under such unfortunate
circumstances [the Mother’s] intention will be to return to the United Kingdom
where [the Father] and [the Mother] will seek professional advice re contact
arrangements relevant to [C]’s age.

19 The Father travelled to Singapore on 30 December 2017, while the Mother and
C travelled here on 8 January 2018. The parties’ relationship broke down when
they were living together in Singapore. The Mother alleged that the Father had
physically assaulted her in February 2018, screamed at her in front of C and
threatened to evict her from the apartment on multiple occasions. It is not
disputed that on 27 September 2018 (within a year of their move to Singapore),
the Mother brought C to London on a planned family vacation, and that the
Father joined them from 5 October 2018. The Father left London on 11 October
2018, and according to him, the Mother was expected to return with C on the
same day. However, the Mother did not return to Singapore with C. The Father
then commenced proceedings in the UK under the Child Abduction and Custody Act
1985 (c 60) (UK) which implemented the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects
of International Child Abduction 1980 (the “Hague Convention”). The English
High Court ordered that C should be returned to Singapore, and the Mother
returned with C to Singapore in January 2019. Court proceedings in Singapore
commenced soon after.

20 The Mother explained that she viewed the move to Singapore as a trial to
see if they could live together as a family. She stated in her affidavit that
she perceived the JLOI as written assurance that she and C could return to the
UK if things did not work out in Singapore, and as such, she was only willing
to move to Singapore after the Father had signed the JLOI. In response, the
Father cited the judgment delivered by the English High Court in support of
his argument that the JLOI did not give the Mother any basis on which to
remain in London. The Father also stated that the agreement to move to
Singapore was unconditional, and that he only signed the JLOI under duress as
the Mother would not otherwise agree to move.

21 Upon C’s return to Singapore, a plethora of applications were filed. I
summarise the key applications directly linked to the current orders for
relocation and care arrangements for C. The Mother filed FC/OSG 12/2019 on 21
January 2019 for, amongst other prayers, joint custody of C, with sole care
and control to the Mother and for the Mother to be granted the leave of court
for C to relocate with her permanently to London, UK. The Father filed FC/OSG
15/2019 on 29 January 2019 for, inter alia, sole care and control of C and for
the Mother to have access; and in the alternative, for the parties to have
shared care and control of C. The decisions in FC/OSG 12/2019 and FC/OSG
15/2019 was issued by the DJ on 3 October 2019. Amongst other orders, the DJ
granted the Mother care and control of C and also granted the Mother’s
application to allow C’s relocation to London. The Father then filed FC/SUM
3421/2019 for a stay of part of the orders given by the DJ, and also appealed
against part of the DJ’s decision, which is the subject of the current appeal.

Decision of the Family Court

22 The DJ considered that the child was a British citizen, and prior to the
move to Singapore, his permanent home was in London. The JLOI showed that the
parties did not intend their move to Singapore to be permanent. The DJ noted
that C was well-settled in Singapore, but was of the view that his relocation
to the UK would be akin to a move back to his original home. C was still young
and adaptable, and moving to the UK presented advantages for him. The ties he
would make in London would be beneficial given that he was likely to stay in
his home country in the long run. He would also be able to enjoy the benefits
of his UK citizenship. The DJ recognised that relocation would impact the
access of the left-behind parent; however, she found that the Father did not
have any real reason to stay in Singapore and that the Father has the means to
continue to have regular access to the child.

23 The DJ in granting care and control to the Mother considered that the
Mother was the parent consistently caring for C, even though the Father also
cared for C and spent time with him. The DJ held that the Mother was C’s main
caregiver, and that there were time periods when the Father was not physically
with C and could not have taken care of him. The DJ found that the Mother did
not alienate the Father from C, but made efforts to ensure that the Father and
C had opportunities to bond. She further found that shared care and control
was unsuitable in the circumstances of this case, as the parties were not able
to resolve many parenting issues privately and had to resort to litigation. As
they have shown themselves to be unable to work together even on minor issues,
the DJ did not grant shared care and control.

Issues

24 The issues in the present appeal were whether the Mother should have care
and control of C, and whether C should be allowed to relocate with her to the
UK. As I have stated earlier, which country a child should live in and
specifically whether a child should relocate to another country are personal
decisions that should, ordinarily, be made by the parents. Unfortunately,
these parents were unable to agree on the issues. The court was therefore
called on to piece together the realities of this child’s life, the pre- and
post-breakdown wishes of the parents and assess the benefits and disadvantages
of proposals which would have an impact on the child’s welfare. It is not
surprising that the law on the relocation of a child involves the balancing of
many factors and each case must be decided on its own facts, bearing in mind
that decisions on such matters inevitably touches on the very personal
circumstances and preferences of both parties.

Relocation of the child

Legal principles and consideration of factors

25 Case law has set out the established legal principles applicable to the
parental relocation of children. In deciding whether to allow relocation, the
welfare of the child is the paramount consideration (see the Court of Appeal
decision in BNS v BNT [2015] 3 SLR 973 (“BNS”) at [3] and [19] and the High
Court Family Division decision in TAA v TAB [2015] 2 SLR 879 (“TAA”) at [7]).
As observed in BNS, while the child’s welfare is always the overriding
consideration, relocation inevitably presents competing tensions between the
interests of parents: if the court refuses the relocation application, the
custodial parent is tied down to Singapore even if he or she no longer wishes
to remain in Singapore, whereas if the court allows the relocation, the
quantity and quality of contact that the child has with the left-behind parent
may be drastically reduced (see BNS at [2]).

26 Examining the history of case law in this area, the decisions in BNS and
TAA are particularly significant. Prior to TAA and the High Court decision of
BNT v BNS [2014] 4 SLR 859, the majority of reported decisions in Singapore
have allowed relocation. This trend was a result of the courts seemingly
placing greater focus on whether the custodial parent had reasonable reasons
for relocation, and possibly placing less weight on the loss of relationship
between the child and the left-behind parent (see TAA at [9]; see also BNS at
[25]). The reasonableness of the custodial parent’s wishes for relocation
appeared to have the effect of being a dominant consideration. TAA and BNS
emphasised, however, that the ultimate enquiry must be whether relocation is
in the child’s welfare, and in considering this question, sufficient
recognition must also be accorded to the loss of relationship a child may
experience with the left-behind parent. This, however, should not be read to
mean that the loss of relationship in itself has become the dominant or
determinant consideration (see BNS at [26]).

Cases where leave to relocate was not granted

27 I observe that, broadly, a common feature in the more recent cases where
leave to relocate was not granted is that the parents and children had been
either living in Singapore as their home for a substantially long period of
time, or the parents had been away from the previous home country of one or
both parents for a substantial part of their lives and raised their children
largely in Singapore.

28 In the 2015 decision of BNS ([25] supra), the mother and father of the
children were both Canadian citizens and were married in Canada in 2002. The
mother moved to Singapore in 2002 to be with the father who was working in
Singapore. In 2004, the parties moved to Bangkok due to the father’s work
obligations, and their two children were born there in 2006 and 2007. In 2008,
the parties and their children moved back to Singapore and had since been
living in Singapore. The marriage broke down in 2011. The Court of Appeal
upheld the decision of the High Court, which had rejected the mother’s
application in 2012 to relocate to Canada with the two children. The Court
considered the various factors and circumstances in the case, and noted that
it was important to the children’s welfare to continue personal contact with
both parents, with whom they had close relationships (BNS at [34]).

29 In TAA ([25] supra), the father of the children was a Singapore citizen,
and the mother was an American citizen. They were married in 1997 and had
three children. The parties subsequently divorced and the father married a
woman who was from Spain and was a Singapore Permanent Resident. He applied to
have the children relocate to Spain with him and his new wife. The children
were well-settled in Singapore and had spent the majority of their lives in
Singapore. The father had no clear plans on the relocation to Spain, save that
he intended that “they would try living in Spain” (TAA at [21]). The High
Court Family Division found that his plans would entail him having to find a
new job in Spain and uprooting the two younger children from Singapore to an
environment they were unfamiliar with, where English was not the main language
of communication; moreover, the eldest child would not be relocating but would
be continuing her studies in a polytechnic in Singapore. Their mother in
Singapore continued to desire access with the children. It was not a case
where the relocating parent was returning to his or her country of origin or
where his or her home used to be. The High Court Family Division upheld the
Family Court’s decision not to grant the relocation application.

30 In UXH v UXI [2019] SGHCF 24 (“UXH”), the mother and father married in 2007
and had two children. The parties and the children were Portuguese citizens
and Singapore Permanent Residents. The final judgment of divorce was granted
in 2015. The mother subsequently had a new partner who was a British citizen,
and she applied in 2019 to relocate to Danbury in the UK with the children.
The children had lived in Singapore their entire lives. The High Court Family
Division upheld the Family Court’s decision to dismiss the mother’s
application. This case is elaborated on at [33] and [67] below.

31 In a more recent unreported decision in HCF/DCA 98/2019 (16 June 2020),
relocation of the child was also not allowed. The mother was a Mauritian and
French citizen, and the father was a British citizen who held an employment
pass in Singapore. The parties had lived in Singapore since 2008. Their child
was born in Singapore in 2011 and had lived in Singapore her entire life.
Although neither party had permanent immigration status in Singapore, it was
significant that the parties had lived in Singapore since 2008; the child was
born and raised entirely in Singapore and was very close to both parents,
enjoying an arrangement of staying with each parent on alternate weeks. The
child was not only well-settled in Singapore, Singapore was her only home. It
was noted there that while relocation was not in the child’s interests at that
time, it was not the case that relocation could never be allowed in future.

Cases where leave to relocate was granted

32 In the recent decisions where leave to relocate was granted, many of the
cases involved a parent returning to his or her home country after the
breakdown of the parents’ relationship.

33 In UXH, the Court noted that the parties appeared to accept that the case
did not involve a spouse who has no significant connection to the forum
country after the divorce, feels or is isolated, and wishes to return to his
or her home country (usually the country in which he or she grew up and where
the extended family remains). Some lawyers have referred to this factual
matrix as a case of a “trailing spouse”. In such cases, depending on the
precise facts, appropriate weight may be accorded to the possibility that
denying the parent’s wish to relocate may so deeply affect such a parent’s
well-being that this in turn has negative effects on the child (UXH at [16]
and BNS ([25] supra) at [20]). I emphasize that this factor should not be
treated as giving rise to a category of cases with a presumption in favour of
relocation. There is no presumption for or against relocation (see [37]
below).

34 In a recent unreported decision in HCF/DCA 53/2019 (21 January 2020),
relocation of the children with their mother was allowed. In this case, the
parties and their two children were all British citizens. The parties were
married in August 2012 and at the time of the proceedings, there were divorce
proceedings in the UK. The father moved to Singapore in October 2017 and
started work in November 2017. The mother and the children came to Singapore
at the end of December 2017. Five months later, the mother and the children
left Singapore for the UK on 2 June 2018. After the father applied for the
return of the children, by consent of the parties, the mother and children
returned to Singapore in September 2018. The High Court Family Division
remarked:

[T]he changed circumstances from the time they moved to Singapore to that
after the marriage broke down are highly relevant. We should not be overly
focused on the initial intention reached before the breakdown of the marriage.
This case does not involve an acquisition of domicile where the intention to
remain in a country indefinitely is one of two key elements to determining
where one is domiciled… ][T]his is not a case where the family have lived in
Singapore for many years. …

The so-called ‘trailing spouse’ factor recognises that the situation before
and after the marriage breakdown are so vastly different that we should not
ignore the new realities – a spouse may ‘sacrifice’ the security and benefits
of home to move to a foreign country with the children to support the other
spouse taking on a new job, her sacrifices are not misplaced because she is
with her loving spouse everyday in that foreign country; it is what spouses do
for their marriage and children. There is love and support and a whole family
wherever the foreign land may be – home is where the family is, as [the
father] submitted today. Take that intact relationship away and the main
reason falls away. Of course the interest of the children continue to need
protection and hence sacrifices, but the situation is now very significantly
different. Many more factors come into play. Indeed relocation cases are very
fact-specific.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis in bold]

35 In another decision, UFZ v UFY [2018] 4 SLR 1350 (“UFZ”), the parties’
three children were allowed to relocate with their mother. The parties were
married in 2000 and divorced in 2016. The family had lived in Singapore since
2008. The father acquired Singaporean citizenship in 2013, whereas the mother
was a British citizen and a Singapore Permanent Resident since 2009. The
children held dual British and Singapore citizenship. The High Court Family
Division upheld the Family Court’s decision to allow the mother to relocate
with the children to the UK. The mother was the primary caregiver of the
children while the father’s work required him to travel frequently. This
resulted in the mother having to take full responsibility for the three
children in Singapore when the father travelled overseas. While the children
were raised in Singapore for most or all of their young lives, they had
encountered difficulties in school in Singapore. The eldest child stated that
they and the mother had already been trying to move to the UK for the past few
years, and this was supported by a previous relocation application. This had
some bearing on the settledness of the children’s present lives in Singapore,
especially in terms of their mental and emotional states. Allowing relocation
would enable the mother and the family to receive support from extended family
members in the UK. This would ease the pressure on the mother in taking care
of the children, and she would also be able to join the workforce. The Court
also considered that the family had moved to Singapore due to the father’s
work, but circumstances had changed by virtue of the breakdown in their
relationship. While the mother’s reasonable wishes were not determinative, it
was a factor to be considered in the light of the tangible benefits relocation
would have for her care of the children (UFZ at [42]). The post-relocation
access plan could help to mitigate the loss of relationship between the father
and the children by granting the father substantial time for access. The
father, in any event, was already frequently away from the family due to his
employment (UFZ at [45]).

36 The Court in UFZ also referred to two unreported decisions where relocation
of the parties’ children was allowed. In HCF/DCA 71/2015 (9 September 2015),
the mother was granted leave to relocate with the children to her home
country, Australia. In that case, relocation presented a “real possibility of
settledness and kinship support for the children”, as well as citizenship
benefits for the mother and children. Due to the father’s financial means, a
real option was also available for the father to have access to the children
relatively frequently (UFZ at [12] and [13]). In HCF/DT 4196/2012 (3 February
2017), the mother was granted leave to have the children relocate to her home
country, New Zealand. The older child, already 17 years of age, had expressed
his wishes and perceived better opportunities and fulfilment of his life goals
in New Zealand. The High Court Family Division considered that the factors
weighed in favour of allowing the children to relocate, but emphasised the
importance of ensuring the father had liberal access to the children to
mitigate the impact of being physically apart (UFZ at [14] and [15]).

No pigeonholing

37 There is no presumption for or against relocation. These cases provide
guidance on the important factors that assist the court in determining
relocation applications including how the court balances various factors to
reach an outcome. Factors that the court can consider include “the child’s
age, the child’s attachment to each parent and other significant persons in
the child’s life, the child’s wellbeing in her present country of residence,
as well as the child’s developmental needs at that particular stage of life,
including her cognitive, emotional, academic and physical needs” (UXH ([30]
supra) at [28]).

38 As no two cases are exactly alike, it would be unhelpful and in fact,
dangerous to pigeonhole cases into “categories” that would lead to prescribed
outcomes. Deciding whether to allow relocation in each case is a fact-centric
exercise. I reiterate what the Court of Appeal had said in BNS ([25] supra) at
[22]:

[T]here can be no pre-fixed precedence or hierarchy among the many composite
factors which may inform the court’s decision as to where the child’s best
interests ultimately lie: where these factors stand in relation to one another
must depend, in the final analysis, on a consideration of all the facts in
each case. [emphasis in original]

Application of legal principles to the present case

The parties’ submissions

39 The Father sought to set aside the DJ’s order allowing the relocation of C.
He focused on the fact that C was settled and thriving in Singapore, and
argued that it had not been shown that relocation is necessary for either C or
the Mother. He submitted that if relocation was allowed, C would lose the
close bond that he has with him, due to the reduced physical contact. The
Father asserted that the Mother has a tendency to alienate and exclude him
from C, and argued that the Mother would not facilitate the Father’s access to
the child. In support of his contention, he cited the following episodes:

(a) the Mother kept C in London and only returned to Singapore after an order
was given to return the child to Singapore pursuant to the Hague Convention
proceedings in the UK (see [19] above);

(b) the Mother deprived the Father of access to C during the time she kept C
in London prior to their return to Singapore;

(c) the Mother made it difficult for the Father to have access to C after she
returned to Singapore with C until interim access orders were made; and

(d) the Mother presented an access proposal during the lower court proceedings
that was allegedly “dismal”, showing her lack of commitment to allowing the
Father access to C.

40 According to the Father, the Mother’s wishes to relocate were given too
much weight in the proceedings below. He emphasised that the Mother was able
to remain in Singapore, since she had admitted that she would not relocate on
her own to the UK without C. He asserted that the Mother could find employment
in Singapore, and moving to the UK was a matter of personal preference. She
could make sacrifices for the child and remain in Singapore, so that C would
not lose the benefit of being cared for by both parents. He submitted that her
wish to relocate did not bear on the best interests of C, and should carry
little weight in the court’s analysis.

41 The Father also submitted that relocation would have an adverse impact on
C’s well-being as he was very well-settled in Singapore, and his stability
should not be disrupted. C has had to travel so as to spend time with both his
parents, and should not be made to move again as a result of this relocation
order. The Father stated that it was speculative for the DJ to conclude that C
would also thrive in the UK, whereas it was clear that he was doing well in
Singapore. He submitted that the status quo should be kept in which C and the
Mother would stay in Singapore.

42 The Father further submitted in SUM 97/2020 that the COVID-19 situation had
an impact on whether C should relocate. First, it was not in C’s best
interests to be uprooted from a well-settled life in Singapore to an uncertain
life in the UK. Compared to the UK, the COVID-19 situation was under control
in Singapore. C had already returned to school here, whereas the earliest time
at which C would be able to return to school in the UK would be in September
2020. Second, international travel posed risks of infection to the parties and
C. Due to the Father’s medical condition, travelling presented a high risk to
his health, which would therefore impact on his ability to travel to the UK
for access with C. Third, quarantine measures and travel restrictions that
were in place would make it difficult for the Father to have access to C.
Travelling could also jeopardise the Father’s residence status in Singapore.
Fourth, the Mother’s plans which were made prior to the COVID-19 situation,
such as finding employment in the UK, were now less viable. Fifth, the Father
submitted that the Mother had admitted that relocation could not take place in
the immediate future, which he claimed was an admission that relocation at the
present time was not in C’s best interests.

43 On the other hand, the Mother submitted that the COVID-19 situation was
rapidly evolving, and should have no impact on the relocation decision which
concerns C’s long-term welfare and best interests. On the point of access
arrangements being affected by the pandemic, the Mother submitted that it
remained open to the Father to stay in the UK for the long term to be with C,
but he did not wish to do so. She also submitted that the Father had
misinterpreted her case – if relocation was allowed, she intended to relocate
to the UK as soon as possible, so as to allow C to prepare for the beginning
of the school term in September. Her immigration status in Singapore was also
a temporary one.

44 As for the parties’ intentions, the Mother submitted that the parties had
intended to raise C in the UK and had planned ahead for his life in the UK,
including picking schools for him. For example, C had a confirmed place for
primary (elementary) school at Eton House Belgravia, the school in which the
parties had previously registered him. The Mother also owned an apartment in
London which was still being maintained and in which C could live.

45 The Father submitted that the DJ had erred in considering the JLOI in
reaching its decision to allow relocation, as the JLOI at best reflected the
Mother’s intentions at the time of signing the document, and it was made in
her own interests and not that of C. Further, the English High Court had
downplayed the importance of the JLOI by finding that it did not support the
Mother’s argument that the relocation to Singapore constituted a “trial” move,
or that the Father had given his consent in advance for the Mother to return
to the UK with C.

46 On the other hand, the Mother submitted that the DJ was entitled to look at
the JLOI to consider the intentions of the parties at the time of signing the
document. She pointed out that the JLOI (see [18] above) showed that the
parties accepted that their move to Singapore was an arrangement made for the
time being. The parties had contemplated their intended plans for C in the
event of a relationship breakdown and catalogued these in the JLOI, indicating
that their move to Singapore was not necessarily intended to be permanent.

Decision

47 After careful consideration of all relevant circumstances, I was of the
view that there was no error in the findings and reasoning of the DJ’s
decision to allow the relocation of C with his mother to the UK. I provide the
reasons for my decision here.

(1) Parties’ intentions prior to breakdown

48 I agreed with the DJ that the JLOI was one piece of evidence that the court
could consider in ascertaining the parties’ intentions when they chose to move
to Singapore as a family. While it was not a binding document and not
dispositive of the issue of whether relocation should be granted, the JLOI
shed light on the circumstances that the parties were in and their
considerations at the relevant point in time. The wording of the JLOI suggests
that the parties had decided to move to Singapore to be together as a family
at that particular juncture, but whether they stayed in Singapore for the long
term was subject to how circumstances developed. It was not necessary for the
Mother to rely on the JLOI as an effective contract governing the parties’
“rights”, for the usefulness of the JLOI related to objective indications of
where this family’s home was or would be.

49 Insofar as the Father sought to rely on the findings of the English High
Court, it should be noted that the purview of the English High Court in the
Hague Convention proceedings was narrow. It pertained only to deciding the
habitual residence of the child for the sole purpose of selecting the country
with the jurisdiction to decide issues relating to the custody and care of
that child: Leong Wai Kum, Elements of Family Law in Singapore (LexisNexis,
3rd Ed, 2018) at para 7.143. A return order is merely an order to return the
child to the most appropriate forum to decide matters relating to his care and
custody. Article 16 of the Hague Convention makes clear that the courts of the
country in which the child is wrongfully retained “shall not decide on the
merits of rights of custody” (unless certain conditions are met). The
Singapore court, as the court with substantive jurisdiction to hear custody
and care matters, has the jurisdiction to decide the relocation application in
the light of the principles discussed above. The English High Court’s
determination that Singapore was C’s habitual residence was only relevant for
the purposes of forum selection under the Hague Convention, and its findings
in relation to the JLOI should also be read in that context.

50 The Father submitted that he only signed the JLOI under duress as the
Mother would not have otherwise agreed to move. Ironically, this submission
appeared to support the Mother’s case, for it showed that she would not have
moved to Singapore if the Father had not signed the JLOI. As she had relied on
the JLOI to assuage her concerns over the move to Singapore, it would be quite
understandable that she later sought to rely on the JLOI to return to London
when the relationship broke down. The significance of this was that Singapore
could not be said to be this family’s home, and the DJ was correct to find
that C’s relocation to the UK would be akin to a move back to his original
home.

(2) Well-settledness

51 The Father’s case heavily emphasised C’s well-settledness in Singapore. I
agreed that whether a child is well-settled in Singapore is a relevant factor
that should be given appropriate weight. It was also important, however, to
bear in mind that in a globalised world, families are geographically mobile
and adaptable, and the weight to be placed on well-settledness will depend on
other related circumstances including how many years the child has lived in
that country, the age of the child, and whether that country has been the
family’s home for many years.

52 Well-settledness in a country is also not an immutable circumstance that
can never change. The passage of time and support from a loving parent can
enable a child to adapt well to transitions in life. In fact, if the Mother
had obtained a court order swiftly after her return from London to Singapore
with C that allowed her relocation application, this factor of well-
settledness in Singapore would have been diluted. This brings to mind the
concept of settledness in proceedings under the Hague Convention, which has as
one of its key objectives to “secure the prompt return of children wrongfully
removed to or retained in any Contracting State” (Article 1).

53 The regime of prompt return of the child seeks to prevent the abducting
parent from availing herself of the advantages brought about by a scenario
which she had created. As elucidated in Elisa Pérez-Vera, Explanatory Report
on the 1980 Hague Child Abduction Convention (HCCH Publications, 1982) at para
14:

It frequently happens that the person retaining the child tries to obtain a
judicial or administrative decision in the State of refuge, which would
legalize the factual situation which he has just brought about. However, if he
is uncertain about the way in which the decision will go, he is just as likely
to opt for inaction, leaving it up to the dispossessed party to take the
initiative. Now, even if the latter acts quickly, that is to say manages to
avoid the consolidation through lapse of time of the situation brought about
by the removal of the child, the abductor will hold the advantage, since it is
he who has chosen the forum in which the case is to be decided, a forum which,
in principle, he regards as more favourable to his own claims.

54 While the present appeal does not involve child abduction, I make reference
to the Hague Convention to illustrate the interplay of “well-settledness” with
deeper and broader concerns within the parties’ disputes. The argument of
well-settledness, in protracted litigation proceedings, will tend to favour
the party objecting to relocation: the longer the child is kept in Singapore,
the more well-settled he is likely to be in the country. In some situations, a
party who prolongs proceedings may thereby seek to benefit from that
contrivance by advancing the argument that the child is now well-settled in
Singapore and thus should not be relocated. The court should give appropriate
consideration and weight to this factor of well-settledness in the context of
other relevant factors and overall setting of the case.

55 This was not a case where a child and her family have lived in Singapore
for many years with strong ties to Singapore, or at least ties which are not
merely transient. It is perfectly reasonable for a family desiring to live in
Singapore to set up a home here, but the intentions of parties would no longer
be the same after their relationship has broken down. In the present case,
disallowing relocation was in effect compelling the Mother to live permanently
or indefinitely in a country which was not her home, and a country where her
immigration status was tenuous and uncertain. In this regard, the Father
argued that the Mother’s wishes should not be taken into account as it is the
child’s welfare that should be the court’s concern. However, I was of the view
that to wholly disregard the life circumstances that the primary carer will be
confronted with was simply out of touch with the realities of life and was
also inconsistent with the welfare of the child.

56 The Father submitted that the UK would now be a “brand new environment” for
C, but it appears that C had spent some time in the UK when he was younger,
and to some extent, had a life planned out for him in the UK before the
relationship breakdown.

57 The DJ was also not wrong to find that C was young and adaptable, and would
be able to settle down in the UK with a loving parent by his side.

(3) Alienation

58 The Father argued that the DJ had erred in not considering the Mother’s
alienating behaviour when she unlawfully kept C in London, and since her
return with C to Singapore. He relied on incidents as listed at [39] above to
evidence the Mother’s attempts to alienate C from him.

59 I accepted that the parties had difficulties in their relationship and had
disputes involving when each party should have time with their child. However,
I did not think there is sufficient evidence of parental alienation, and I
noted that (as was also pointed out by the DJ) the child’s relationship with
the Father remains a positive one. Prior to the relationship breakdown, the
Mother had agreed to move to Singapore with the Father in an attempt to live
together as a family unit despite the arguments between parties (even though
this attempt was ultimately unsuccessful). As for the difficulties that have
arisen after breakdown, it is not unusual for parties to have challenges
cooperating with each other after a relationship breakdown, and particularly
in the course of litigation proceedings. While the court should remain astute
to identify conduct by either parent that would be detrimental to the child’s
welfare, the conduct in this case did not appear sufficiently serious to
warrant concern.

(4) Immigration status and ties to countries

60 Both parties and C have British citizenship, with guaranteed permanent
residence status in the UK. By relocating, the Mother and C would also be able
to enjoy the benefits of British citizenship, which was a factor that the DJ
had taken into account.

61 In contrast, the parties did not have any permanent immigration status in
Singapore. The Father was staying in Singapore on an Employment Pass, while
the Mother was in Singapore on a short term visa. I noted the Father’s
submission at the hearing of SUM 97/2020 that should he leave Singapore to
have access with C in UK, his re-entry into Singapore during these difficult
times of the global pandemic would be “de-prioritised” as he only had an
Employment Pass and no permanent residence status in Singapore. C was in
Singapore on a Dependent’s Pass linked to the Father’s Employment Pass. The
Mother submitted that the Father has not shown whether he intended to stay in
Singapore permanently, and that he has shown a propensity for moving between
countries for personal reasons such as tax benefits. The Father stated in
response that he had made efforts to integrate into Singapore. The pertinent
point here is that neither party had any roots in Singapore, or any secure
basis on which to remain here in the longer term.

62 In TSF v TSE [2018] 2 SLR 833 (“TSF”), the Court of Appeal reversed the
High Court’s order allowing the child to be relocated to the UK to live with
his mother. Amongst a number of other reasons, the Court of Appeal also noted
that the mother's immigration status in the UK was not permanent which
resulted in uncertainty of a long-term stay in the UK for both the child and
herself (TSF at [93]). In the present case, based on the evidence available
before the court, the situation appeared to be reversed – relocating to the UK
would be the option that granted C long-term stability in this context, while
C did not have a secure basis for residing in Singapore.

(5) Loss of relationship

63 The Father emphasised that relocation would cause the loss of the close
relationship that C has with him. I fully accept that the loss of relationship
with the left-behind parent is an important factor and I have noted this at
[25] and [26] above.

64 We must not forget that the loss of relationship in such situations is an
unfortunate consequence of family breakdown. If the parents’ desired countries
of residence do not coincide and neither parent makes a “sacrifice”, a child
would, inevitably, be physically separated from one parent. Good access
arrangements can mitigate the loss of time and relationship with the left-
behind parent. These may comprise physical access which will involve
international travel as well as virtual access. Understanding these
perspectives should lead us to appreciate that the loss of relationship is a
result of the parents being unable to agree on a common country of residence,
and if one parent is willing to live in the country chosen by the other, the
loss of relationship will not be an issue – such an option remains open even
now to the present parties. The willingness and ability of both parents to
support substantial access will also mitigate the trauma of such a loss for
the child.

65 If it was in the child’s welfare to have close relationships with both
parents by being able to enjoy substantial physical time with both parents –
and there is no reason to doubt that it was in this case – the pertinent
question was: in which country should this child be able to have such an
arrangement? The options presented were: in Singapore or in the UK. The Father
argued that it should be in Singapore because C was very well-settled in
Singapore, and he would like to carry on with his plans to live and do
business in Singapore. The Mother’s position was that it should be in the UK,
as that was C’s home; parties had intended to raise C in the UK, and had
planned ahead for his life in the UK. Further, the parties and C also hold
British citizenship. The Mother had left Singapore with C to the UK less than
a year after they moved to Singapore in January 2018. When she returned to
Singapore in January 2019, she did not return with the desire to live in
Singapore as her home, but sought to be allowed to have C relocated to UK by
filing applications in court soon after. Indeed, given the scope of the
English High Court’s role in the Hague Convention proceedings (see [49]
above), the return to Singapore could be understood as being for the purpose
of determining the issues of custody and care in Singapore, rather than any
intention to continue living here. The Mother highlighted that the Father had
failed to answer why he could not move to London or nearer to London in order
to be closer to C.

66 If the Father still prefers to remain in Singapore after C relocates, he
has the financial means and flexibility to travel to London for access if he
does not wish to permanently relocate to the UK. The Father disputed that he
was physically able to travel extensively at this stage of his life. His more
recent submissions present another reason – that the global pandemic has made
travelling for access unworkable and even if the restrictions are eased, he
has medical conditions which put him at a higher risk of suffering
complications should he be infected with the COVID-19 virus. However, looking
at the past history of where he had lived and worked, I think more can be
expected of him. This expectation arises from parental responsibility. The
discharge of parental responsibility often involves what a party will see as
“sacrifices”, but if moving to live in London or nearer to London in a
European country enables the relationship between the father and child to be
maintained, the Father should seriously consider these options available to
him. I note that the Father expected the Mother to make the same sacrifices by
remaining in Singapore. To describe this expectation as “forcing” him to
relocate misses the point. If he has medical issues that result in
difficulties in frequent travelling, a one-off move back to UK should be
manageable with good planning involving medical advice and preparations.

(6) Must relocation be “necessary”?

67 The Father highlighted that the Mother has failed to show why relocation to
London was “necessary”. His submission appeared to be that the Mother needed
to show that the relocation was “necessary”, citing the case of UXH ([30]
supra) where the Court mentioned that the mother in that case had not given
any information regarding why she and her new partner needed to move to
Danbury in the UK. The Court’s comment in UXH should be understood in the
context of that case, involving facts rather different from the present. As I
have set out at [30] above, the mother in that case had a new British partner
and wished to relocate to Danbury with her children. The parties and the
children were Singapore Permanent Residents, and the children had spent their
entire lives in Singapore. The Court there observed (UXH at [23]):

… [I]t was not clear what were the Mother’s partner’s reasons or intentions
for moving to Danbury. To what extent had the Mother and her partner discussed
the reason or necessity to relocate to Danbury and the impact of relocation on
the welfare of the Children? Were there other options discussed? I did not
think the DJ was wrong to find that the Mother had a choice in whether to
relocate; she “has a real option of staying put and thriving in Singapore …
[she] is a Singapore PR which means she can choose to stay on and continue to
work in Singapore for as long as she wants” (GD at [41]) …

It was not apparent if Danbury was chosen because the new partner had a
particular reason to move there or because of some other reason. In contrast,
Singapore had been the children’s home their entire lives. The mother’s
reasons for her wish to move to Danbury were not clear.

68 The factual matrix of the present case is entirely different from that in
UXH: the parties and C in this case do not have strong ties to Singapore, C
had spent part of his time in the UK and the Mother’s home is in the UK. The
Mother had left with C to the UK less than a year after they moved to
Singapore and only returned as a result of the English High Court’s order.

69 Showing that the relocation is “necessary” is not a requirement but is a
factor to be balanced against other factors. For example, if the children have
been born and raised in Singapore their entire lives, a “necessity” to
relocate may provide a strong reason why, despite those circumstances,
relocation may have to be allowed.

(7) Risks and restrictions due to the COVID-19 pandemic

70 As stated at [15], I had allowed the application in SUM 97/2020 to admit
evidence in relation to the COVID-19 situation. However, evidence relating to
the COVID-19 pandemic could not be given inordinate weight. The COVID-19
situation is fast-evolving, and depending on whether the situation improves or
deteriorates, travel may or may not be allowed in the near future. The court
should not be making orders on relocation depending on the COVID-19 situation
at each specific point in time, as these orders would quickly become outdated
as the global situation changes.

71 I have considered the evidence in relation to the COVID-19 issues, and
weighed them together with all the other factors to decide whether relocation
should be granted. Where the balancing of all the circumstances led to the
conclusion that relocation is the best step for the child and family, the
COVID-19 situation in itself should not hold C back from relocating. I
accepted the Mother’s submission that relocation ultimately concerned the
child’s long-term interests with ramifications that would last far beyond this
pandemic. Each state seeks to protect its people from the risk of COVD-19 in
the way it thinks appropriate, bearing in mind the swiftly evolving state of
affairs. As British citizens, C and his parents have benefits in the UK that
will ensure that they have the state’s protection. This was the more relevant
consideration than one that involved this court assessing and comparing the
sufficiency and quality of policies and systems of the two states, UK and
Singapore, which, in any case, the court was not in a position to do. In
relation to the Father’s contention that it would be difficult for him to have
access with C, I have noted at [66] that there are other options available to
the Father to maintain access with C after C relocates.

(8) Balancing all considerations

72 Making a decision on whether to allow relocation requires the court to
consider all relevant circumstances, and this involves a balancing exercise.
As I have pointed out at [5], [24] and [25] above, relocation necessarily
presents competing interests, and involves a court intervening to make a
personal decision that parents should, in the ordinary course of things,
themselves make. As the parties have reached a deadlock, I have focused on the
welfare of the child and balanced the interests of the parties to reach a
decision to assist this family in moving forward.

73 The Father’s line of arguments downplayed other important circumstances and
factors that have an important bearing on C’s welfare. While there were
factors submitted by the Father that favoured his case that C should remain in
Singapore, there were also multiple factors that indicated that relocation
would be in C’s best interests.

74 Of importance was the fact that neither the Father nor the Mother had any
permanent immigration status in Singapore. This was somewhat connected to the
other circumstance of importance – Singapore was not this family’s home.

75 I accepted the Father’s submission that the loss of relationship should C
relocate and he remain in Singapore was an important factor. But I was unable
to see any good reason why, between the two parties, it should be the Mother
who should be kept in Singapore when this family’s home, in a more permanent
sense, was not in Singapore. The brevity of the Father’s explanation on his
ties to Singapore or why he should live in Singapore and not return to his
country of origin as a British citizen stood in stark contrast to his
voluminous submissions on the other factors.

76 I have explained how the factor of well-settledness needed to be approached
in this case. A child, especially a young one, can be expected to go about his
daily routine in whichever country he is living in – going to school,
interacting with people around him, going for playdates and so forth. If there
are no particular issues of concern faced by the child, then it would appear
that he is well-settled. However, this appearance of well-settledness, as
presented in the Father’s submissions, then appeared simply to be a function
of the length of time a child is physically in that country. This cannot be
the sole determinant and the court must consider all the facts of the case in
assessing the importance of this factor.

77 I have made clear at [66] above the options available to address the
possible loss of relationship even when C relocates to the UK. I will not
repeat them here, save to say that being a parent is not easy and having to
make difficult choices for the sake of the child is part of parental
responsibility. I clarify that the Father is not compelled by any order to
relocate; it is for him to make this decision. However, his refusal to do so
could not prevent the court from ultimately coming to a decision allowing C to
relocate.

78 After carefully considering the circumstances, I upheld the DJ’s decision
to grant leave for the relocation of C to the UK with the Mother.

Care and Control

79 The Father also appealed against the DJ’s orders on care and control. He
argued that in the event that relocation was not granted, he should have sole
care and control of C, and in the alternative, shared care and control should
be granted to the parties.

80 There appears to be no dispute that prior to the move to Singapore, the
Mother was C’s primary caregiver. This was necessarily the case when the
Father moved to the Monaco and was not physically in the same country as C.

81 I note that the Father submitted that during the time when the parties were
living in Singapore together, his care for C “[went] beyond the typical
‘hands-on father’”, and that he was an “effective co-parent who is deeply
bonded to the child and understands his needs”. I accepted that the Father and
the child share a close relationship, which should be maintained through
access arrangements. I also accepted, however, that the Mother has been the
parent who has consistently cared for C throughout his life, and has also been
the one primarily caring for him in recent times.

82 The DJ found that shared care and control was not appropriate in the
circumstances, as parties have not displayed the high level of cooperation
needed for shared care and control to be effective. The Father submitted that
it was the Mother’s litigation tactic to orchestrate disagreements such that
the court would not grant parties shared care and control. However,
considering the procedural history and parties’ conduct during proceedings, I
did not think that the acrimony could be attributed solely to the Mother. The
Father has showed little restraint in resorting to litigation by filing many
applications. The Mother submitted that there is extensive evidence of her
dedication to taking care of C, such as negotiating a four-day work week and
arranging his activities. I did not see any reason to doubt the Mother’s
ability to care for C.

83 I found no error in the DJ’s decision to grant care and control to the
Mother.

Conclusion

84 DCA 124/2019 was therefore dismissed.

85 The access orders made by the DJ were reasonable and afforded the Father
liberal access to C after the relocation. As the situation relating to the
global COVID-19 pandemic is a fast-evolving one, I did not disturb the orders
on the Father’s access made by the DJ. Travel restrictions and measures
imposed are constantly reviewed by the each state; it may well be that the
access ordered will be workable with some adjustments in the near future; it
may also be that the Father can find a way to stay on for much longer periods
in the UK or fully relocate to where C will be residing.

86 To be clear, there is no restriction on the date on which C may be
relocated to the UK. I leave it to the Mother to exercise reasonable care in
making the travel plans and setting up home in the UK. She should, within a
reasonable time of firming up her plans, inform the Father of the date of
relocation.

Debbie Ong  
Judge

Cheong Zhihui Ivan, Koh Tien Hua, Ho Jin Kit Shaun (Eversheds Harry Elias
LLP), Loo Ming Nee Bernice, Khoo Seok Leng Sarah-Anne (Qiu Shuling) (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) (instructed), Khoo Boo Teck Randolph, Hoon Shu Mei Sumathi (Hong
Shumei), Sharon Ki Su Jon and Shawn Teo Kai Jie (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
appellant;

Yap Teong Liang, Tan Hui Qing (T L Yap Law Chambers) (instructed), Wong Kai
Yun and Chan Xian Yi Jonathan (Zeng Xianyi) (Chia Wong Chambers LLC) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

