Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of three Judges of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 255

Court of Three Judges/Originating Summons No 2 of 2020

In the matter of Sections 94(1) and 98(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2009 Rev Ed)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Lee Suet Fern (Lim Suet Fern), an Advocate and Solicitor of
the Supreme Court of the Republic of Singapore  
---  
  
Between

Law Society of Singapore  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Lee Suet Fern (Lim Suet Fern)  
---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment

[Legal Profession] — [Solicitor-client relationship]

[Legal Profession] — [Professional conduct] — [Breach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Law Society of Singapore

  
v

  

Lee Suet Fern (alias Lim Suet Fern)

[2020] SGHC 255

Court of Three Judges — Originating Summons No 2 of 2020  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Judith Prakash JA and Woo Bih Li J  
13 August 2020

20 November 2020 Judgment reserved.

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
for an order pursuant to s 98(1)(a) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009
Rev Ed) (“the LPA”) that the respondent, Mrs Lee Suet Fern (alias Lim Suet
Fern) (“the Respondent”), be subject to the sanctions provided for under s
83(1) of that Act. At the time of the proceedings before the disciplinary
tribunal (“the DT”), the Respondent was an advocate and solicitor of the
Supreme Court of Singapore of 37 years’ standing and practised as a director
of Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC, a law corporation.

2 After hearing the parties and considering their submissions, the DT
concluded that there was cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action
to be taken against the Respondent (see The Law Society of Singapore v Lee
Suet Fern (Lim Suet Fern) [2020] SGDT 1 (“GD”)). The Law Society accordingly
filed the present originating summons for this court to dispose of the matter.
On the question of sanctions, the Law Society sought a striking off order
against the Respondent pursuant to s 83(1)(a) of the LPA. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Arguments at paras 4 and 39 to 43.

3 Having considered the parties’ submissions, and having reviewed the DT’s GD,
we differ from certain findings made by the DT. In particular, for the reasons
set out in this judgment, we consider that the Respondent did not receive
instructions or directions directly from her putative client. We also do not
find that there was an implied retainer between the Respondent and her
putative client. Nonetheless, we agree with the DT that the Respondent is
guilty of misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor. Given the
circumstances and nature of her misconduct, we find it appropriate to suspend
the Respondent from practising as a solicitor for a period of 15 months. We
now explain the reasons for our decision.

The background facts

4 The present application concerns the Respondent’s participation, principally
on 16 and 17 December 2013, in the preparation and execution of what became
the last will of her father-in-law, the late Mr Lee Kuan Yew (“the Testator”).
Most of the facts before us were uncontroversial and supported by
contemporaneous evidence. Where the facts were contentious, given that these
are disciplinary proceedings which have the potential to adversely impact the
Respondent’s livelihood and reputation, we apply the standard of proof beyond
a reasonable doubt: see Law Society of Singapore v Ahmad Khalis bin Abdul
Ghani [2006] 4 SLR(R) 308 (“Ahmad Khalis”) at [6], Law Society of Singapore v
Wan Hui Hong James [2013] 3 SLR 221 (“James Wan”) at [46]–[52] and Law Society
of Singapore v Udeh Kumar s/o Sethuraju [2013] 3 SLR 875 at [47].

The Testator’s first six wills

5 We begin by setting out some key events that preceded and are relevant to
our ensuing discussion and analysis of the events surrounding the execution of
the Testator’s last will. Between 20 August 2011 and 2 November 2012, the
Testator executed six wills (referred to as the “First Will” to the “Sixth
Will” respectively). Each of these was prepared by Ms Kwa Kim Li (“Ms Kwa”), a
partner in the law firm, Lee & Lee. The wills reflected the Testator’s
evolving wishes with regard to the bequest of his estate. Some of the key
changes in the terms of his various wills are summarised below:

(a) In the First Will, which was dated 20 August 2011, the Testator granted a
one-third share of his estate to each of his three children, namely, Mr Lee
Hsien Loong (“Mr LHL”), Dr Lee Wei Ling (“Dr LWL”) and the Respondent’s
husband, Mr Lee Hsien Yang (“Mr LHY”). It was agreed between the children that
each of them would take a specific property of the Testator’s, rather than
have his properties jointly held in their names. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 34, S/N 1.

Pursuant to this agreement, the Testator’s house at 38 Oxley Road (“the Oxley
House”) was bequeathed to Mr LHL, while Dr LWL and Mr LHY received various
other properties owned by the Testator. The First Will also granted Dr LWL the
right to reside rent-free at the Oxley House for as long as she desired, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

First Will, clause 4(a).

and stipulated the Testator’s wish that the Oxley House be demolished either
upon his passing or after Dr LWL had moved out, whichever was later (“the
Demolition Clause”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

First Will, clause 8.

In addition, there was a clause providing for the valuation of the Testator’s
properties, with such valuation to be undertaken as at the date of his death
(“the Valuation Clause”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

First Will, clause 5.

(b) In the Second Will, which was dated 21 December 2011, Dr LWL’s right to
reside at the Oxley House was removed. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Compare clause 4(a) of the Second Will with clause 4(a) of the First Will.

(c) In the Third Will, which was dated 6 September 2012, each child’s one-
third share of the Testator’s estate was altered, such that Mr LHL and Mr LHY
each received three shares absolutely, while Dr LWL received four shares that
were held upon trust for her life, and after her death, upon trust for Mr LHL
and Mr LHY in equal shares. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Third Will, clauses 6 and 7.

(d) In the Fourth Will, which was dated 20 September 2012, the Testator
reverted in substance to his Second Will, such that each child’s one-third
share in the estate was reinstated, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Compare clause 6 of the Second Will with clause 5 of the Fourth Will.

save that the Valuation Clause was removed. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

The Valuation Clause is clause 5 of the First, Second and Third Wills. There
is no equivalent clause in the Fourth Will.

(e) In the Fifth Will, which was dated 4 October 2012, Dr LWL was once again
granted the right to reside at the Oxley House (which had been removed in the
Second Will, and which was not reinstated in the Third and Fourth Wills).
However, this right was made subject to the consent of Mr LHL, who was
bequeathed the Oxley House as part of his one-third share of the Testator’s
estate, and, unlike the First Will, there was no mention that it was a right
to reside at the Oxley House “free of rent”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Compare clause 4(a) of the First Will with clause 4(a) of the Fifth Will.

The Demolition Clause, which had featured in the first four wills, was
removed. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

The Demolition Clause is clause 8 of the First and Second Wills, clause 9 of
the Third Will and clause 7 of the Fourth Will. There is no equivalent clause
in the Fifth Will.

(f) In the Sixth Will, which was dated 2 November 2012, the Testator changed
the shares in which his estate would be left to his children. This will
provided for a total of seven shares, with Mr LHL and Mr LHY to receive two
shares each, and Dr LWL, three shares (1/7 more than her brothers). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Sixth Will, clause 6.

As with the Fifth Will, there was no Demolition Clause in the Sixth Will.

6 It is not clear on the evidence whether the Testator’s children knew about
the precise contents of each of the six wills. But, for the purposes of the
present proceedings, it is not necessary for us to come to a firm view on
this, save to note that it was not disputed that all three of them were aware
that they were beneficiaries under each of the Testator’s wills. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

See Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part C) pp 230 to 238, especially p 235.

The circumstances surrounding the execution of the Last Will

7 Sometime after the execution of the Sixth Will on 2 November 2012, the
Testator’s health deteriorated markedly. Between September and October 2013,
he was hospitalised for an extended period with a number of medical issues,
the details of which are not material.

The Testator’s discussions with Ms Kwa in late 2013

8 Following his discharge from hospital, the Testator initiated discussions
with Ms Kwa on or around 29 November 2013 about making some changes to the
Sixth Will. Certain aspects of their discussions were recorded in a series of
emails beginning on 30 November 2013. In her email of that date, Ms Kwa
summarised some of the key provisions of the Sixth Will. This included the
bequest of the Oxley House to Mr LHL as part of his share of the estate. As
noted earlier, the Testator’s children had evidently agreed that each of them
would be left specific properties from the Testator’s estate, rather than have
his various properties jointly held in their names. In the same email, Ms Kwa
also recalled that the Testator had raised the possibility of the Oxley House
becoming “de-gazetted” after his passing, in which event the value of that
property might escalate. The Testator was concerned to ensure that if that
happened, Dr LWL and Mr LHY should also benefit from any increased value. Ms
Kwa outlined various options to address this concern. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III pp 34 to 35, S/N 1.

9 It appears that there were further discussions between the Testator and Ms
Kwa, although these are not reflected in the email chain before us. On 12
December 2013, Ms Kwa wrote to the Testator again, noting his wish to revert
to leaving equal shares of his estate to each of his children. In other words,
unlike what had been provided for in the Sixth Will, Dr LWL would not be left
an additional share. Ms Kwa also noted the Testator’s wish that a codicil be
prepared to effect this. Ms Kwa stated that she would prepare the codicil for
the Testator to sign “this week, or when [he was] ready”. Finally, she stated
that “[r]egarding the Oxley [House], [she had] some thoughts and [would] call
[the Testator] later” that day to discuss. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 35, S/N 2.

10 The Testator replied to Ms Kwa on 13 December 2013 at 10.50pm, stating that
“[the] codicil [was also] to specify that two carpets … go to [Mr LHY]”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 35, S/N 3.

11 The email correspondence between Ms Kwa and the Testator ceased with the
Testator’s 10.50pm email on 13 December 2013, which was a Friday. The
Respondent was not involved or copied in any of the foregoing discussions. As
at 13 December 2013, which was three days before the Testator received from
the Respondent a draft of what became his last will, the Testator’s professed
intention that had been discussed over a two-week period with his solicitor,
Ms Kwa, was to execute a codicil to his Sixth Will that would: (a) revert to
leaving his estate to his three children in equal shares; and (b) make
provision for two carpets to be bequeathed to Mr LHY. While there had been
discussions about making provision for any escalation of the value of the
Oxley House in the event that it was “de-gazetted”, there had been no
discussions about replacing the Sixth Will with another will, nor about
reinstating either the First Will as a whole or the Demolition Clause in
particular.

The events on 16 December 2013

12 No evidence was led as to what transpired over the weekend of 14 and 15
December 2013. On 16 December 2013, the Respondent sent an email to the
Testator at 7.08pm, copying her husband, Mr LHY, and, evidently (based on the
list of addressees), also Ms Kwa, although it appears that Ms Kwa, for some
unknown reason, did not receive that email (the “7.08pm email”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 45, S/N 35.

To that email, the Respondent attached a draft will that appeared to have been
dated 19 August 2011, and informed the Testator that “[t]his was the original
agreed Will which ensures that all 3 children receive equal shares” [emphasis
added]. She also addressed Ms Kwa, stating that she would be “[g]rateful if
[Ms Kwa] could please engross” the enclosed draft. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 36, S/N 4.

13 The circumstances which led to the Respondent sending the 7.08pm email and
the means by which she obtained the draft will attached to that email are the
subject of much contention between the parties, and we shall address these two
issues later in this judgment (see [71]–[103] below).

14 What is undisputed, however, is that the words “original agreed Will” in
the 7.08pm email were intended by the Respondent to refer to the Testator’s
First Will (dated 20 August 2011), and would have been understood by the
Testator as such. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part B) p 7, lines 3 to 4; p 54, lines 1 to 4.

It is also undisputed that the draft will attached to that email was engrossed
and eventually executed by the Testator on 17 December 2013 without any
substantive amendment, and became his last will. For ease of distinction, we
shall hereafter use the term “Draft Last Will” when referring specifically to
the draft will attached to the 7.08pm email, and the term “Last Will” when
referring to the Testator’s final will in all other instances.

15 The Respondent had assisted the Testator in drafting certain aspects of his
First Will, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part C) pp 245 to 249.

and when she sent him the Draft Last Will on 16 December 2013, she thought
that it was the same as the First Will. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part A) p 250, lines 18 to 20; Record of
Proceedings Vol IV (Part B) p 67, lines 23 to 24.

Hence, she told him that the Draft Last Will was “the original agreed Will”
(meaning the First Will). However, the Draft Last Will in fact differed from
the First Will in a number of respects. We set out below some of the more
salient differences between them (with the differences highlighted in
italics):

Clause No.| First Will| Draft Last Will (which became the Last Will)  
---|---|---  
4(a)| “I give devise and bequeath … [s]ubject to the Proviso hereto, [the
Oxley House] to my son, [Mr LHL] or if he so nominates a company owned by him
… PROVIDED ALWAYS that my daughter, [Dr LWL], shall be allowed to continue to
live there for so long as she desires free of rent. [Mr LHL] shall pay for the
maintenance and upkeep of [the Oxley House] when [Dr LWL] is in occupation
thereof …” (“the Oxley Maintenance clause”)| “I give devise and bequeath …
[the Oxley House] to my son, [Mr LHL] or a company owned by him … subject to
the condition that my daughter, [Dr LWL], shall be allowed to continue to live
there for so long as she desires …”  
7| “For the purposes of this my Will:– (i) If my daughter, [Dr LWL], shall
predecease me then any gift and share of my estate that she would have taken
had she survived me shall be given to my sons, [Mr LHL] and [Mr LHY], in equal
shares …(ii) If any of my said sons shall predecease me leaving issue living
at my death, then such issue shall stand in place of such deceased son and
take by substitution …”(“the Gift-Over clause”)| No equivalent clause  
  
16 The precise origin of the Draft Last Will is not known. While it appears to
have been similar in many respects to the First Will, nothing by way of
evidence was led as to its provenance. The most that might be inferred is that
it was one of the drafts that was prepared in the period leading up to the
finalisation and execution of the First Will. However, even on that basis, it
is not known what led to that draft subsequently being modified into the final
form that the First Will took, giving rise to (among other differences) the
differences noted above. What is clear on the evidence, and also accepted by
the parties, is that:

(a) the Testator was told by the Respondent in the 7.08pm email that the Draft
Last Will was the First Will;

(b) the Testator would have believed that representation at the time he signed
the Last Will; and

(c) the document that the Testator signed was, as we have noted, in fact not
the same as the First Will.

17 At 7.31pm on 16 December 2013, shortly after the Respondent’s 7.08pm email,
Mr LHY sent the following email (the “7.31pm email”) to the Respondent,
copying the Testator and the Testator’s personal secretary, Ms Wong Lin Hoe
(“Ms Wong”), while removing Ms Kwa from the list of addressees: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 37, S/N 5.

[The Testator]

I couldn’t get in touch with [Ms Kwa]. I believe she is away. I don’t think it
is wise to wait till she is back. I think all you need is a witness to sign
the will. [The Respondent] can get one of her partners to come round with an
engrossed copy of the will to execute and witness. They can coordinate it with
[Ms Wong] for a convenient time.

18 Before the Testator had even responded to the above suggestion by Mr LHY,
the Respondent emailed Ms Wong at 8.12pm, copying Mr LHY and her colleague, Mr
Bernard Lui (“Mr Lui”). She informed Ms Wong that she had “briefed [her]
colleague, [Mr] Lui”, and that Mr Lui “ha[d] the Will ready for execution and
[Ms Wong could] reach him directly to make arrangements”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 37, S/N 6.

She also provided Ms Wong with Mr Lui’s contact details.

19 Mr LHY departed from Singapore for Brisbane, Australia, at or about 9.15pm
on 16 December 2013. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) p 73.

20 Shortly thereafter, at 9.42pm, the Testator wrote to Mr LHY, the Respondent
and Ms Wong, agreeing to Mr LHY’s proposal to proceed with the execution of
the Last Will without waiting for Ms Kwa: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 37, S/N 7.

OK. Do not wait for [Ms Kwa].

Engross and I will sign it before a solicitor in [the Respondent’s] office, or
from any other office.

21 At 10.06pm, Dr LWL emailed Mr LHY, referencing the Testator’s intention to
revert to the First Will: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 38, S/N 8.

Subject: “[The Testator] says go back to 2011 will”

To get a notary public not from Lee [&] Lee to witness his signature [and]
that settles it[.]

22 At or about midnight, the Respondent departed from Singapore for Paris,
France. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) p 99, para 21.

While on the flight, she was actively in contact with Mr Lui, Ms Wong, Mr LHY
and another colleague, Ms Elizabeth Kong (“Ms Kong”), as regards the
engrossing and execution of the Last Will. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part A) p 148, lines 20 to 22; p 235, lines 6 to
12; Record of Proceedings Vol III pp 39 to 45.

The events on 17 December 2013

23 Mr LHY arrived in Brisbane on the morning of 17 December 2013. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) p 73.

Shortly after landing, he emailed the Testator at 4.53am (Singapore time),
stating: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 38, S/N 9.

We will get someone to come to execute [the Last Will] either in Oxley Road or
at your office at your convenience. [Ms Wong] has the contacts and will
arrange it. One of the partners at [the Respondent’s law corporation] who is a
notary publics [sic].

A minute later, Mr LHY emailed Dr LWL, responding to her earlier email in
which she had asked that a notary public who was not from Lee & Lee be
arranged to witness the Testator’s execution of the Last Will, as follows:
“Will arrange. [Ms Wong] has contacts. Will get person to come to Oxley Road
or Istana whichever is more convenient.” 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 38, S/N 10.

Mr LHY then emailed Mr Lui at 5.32am, informing him that the Testator “would
like to get the will executed. Could you get it engrossed today, and be
available when [Ms Wong] his assistant gets in touch please.” 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 39, S/N 11.

24 At 9.02am, Mr Lui responded to Mr LHY, saying that he would prepare an
engrossed copy of the Last Will. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 39, S/N 13.

At 9.22am, while en route to Paris, the Respondent sent Mr Lui a reminder, as
follows: “please be ready and accessible at short notice. Ready to go. Impt
that we get this done asap please.” 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 39, S/N 14.

25 A minute later, at 9.23am, Ms Wong wrote to the Respondent, who had
provided her with Mr Lui’s contact details the night before (see [18] above),
stating: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 40, S/N 16.

Dear [the Respondent],

Thank you for the contact details.

I will co-ordinate with Mr Bernard Lui and arrange for him to see [the
Testator] asap. Thanks.

26 Arrangements were subsequently made between Ms Wong and Mr Lui for the
Testator to execute the Last Will. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) p 207.

After engrossing it, Mr Lui and Ms Kong attended at the Testator’s residence
at or about 11.00am to witness its execution. In a contemporaneous note
prepared by Ms Kong, the execution process was described as follows: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 47, S/N 39.

…

4\. [The Testator] appeared frail and his speech was slurred, but his mind was
certainly lucid – he asked us who drafted the will and specifically instructed
us to date the will today.

5\. [The Testator] read through every line of the will and was comfortable to
sign and initial at every page, which he did in our presence.

…

27 After witnessing the Testator’s signature on the Last Will, Mr Lui and Ms
Kong took their leave. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 47, S/N 39; Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part
A) p 160, lines 2 to 17.

Thereafter, at 11.22am, Mr Lui updated the Respondent that the execution of
the Last Will was “done”, and that two original copies of it had been made. He
suggested that Dr LWL and Mr LHY, who were the named executors, each keep one
original copy. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 41, S/N 22.

28 The Respondent then updated Mr LHY that the Last Will had been “signed
uneventfully”, and asked him what she should do with the two original copies
of it. Mr LHY instructed the Respondent to give one of the original copies to
Ms Wong, and to keep the other original copy in her office safe. The
Respondent accordingly instructed Mr Lui to forward one original copy to Ms
Wong, and to keep the other original copy in her office safe. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III pp 43 and 44, S/N 26, 29 and 31.

29 At 1.16pm, about two hours after the execution of the Last Will, the
Respondent emailed Ms Kwa, who had been excluded from all correspondence
pertaining to the matter after the 7.08pm email the previous day, and informed
her that the signing of the Last Will “ha[d] been dealt with already”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 45, S/N 34.

Ms Kwa replied about one and a half hours later at 2.59pm, as follows: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 45, S/N 35.

Dear [the Respondent],

Thanks for your mail.

I don’t seem to have received your first mail of 16 dec 7.08pm asking me to
engross.

With reference to your email of 17 dec, does this mean that [the Testator] has
signed a new will yesterday, in which case the former will which is on my
record, is revoked? If so, I will update my file record.

30 At 3.10pm, the Respondent replied to Ms Kwa, confirming that “Yes, [the
Testator] has signed already. In fact this is just going back to his 2011 will
so it super[s]edes all. He read it extremely carefully before signing.” 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 45, S/N 36.

There is no record in the evidence of any reply from Ms Kwa to this email.

31 Later that day, Ms Wong informed the Testator that one original copy of the
Last Will would be retained by the Respondent, while the other original copy
would be forwarded to the Testator. Ms Wong sought the Testator’s instructions
as to whether he wished to retain that original copy, or whether it was to be
passed to Ms Kwa for her safekeeping, given that Ms Kwa was “keeping the
original copies of title deeds of all the properties, including [the Oxley
House]”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 46, S/N 38.

The Testator initially decided on the latter option, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 47, S/N 40.

but then changed his mind and instructed Ms Wong to “keep [the] original in
[the] office and send [Ms Kwa] a copy”, and to “[t]ell [Ms Kwa] this if [sic]
the agreement between the siblings”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 48, S/N 42 and 43. It is undisputed that “if”
is a typo, and that “is” was intended instead: see Record of Proceedings Vol
IV (Part A) p 274, line 9 and Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part B) p 84, line
14.

The codicil to the Last Will

32 On 2 January 2014, about two weeks after executing the Last Will, the
Testator himself prepared and executed a codicil to it (“the Codicil”), as
follows: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

See the page marked “1 RP (Part D) 80” in the Bundle of Documents Subjected to
Redaction Order; see also Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part B) p 78, lines 13
to 14.

This is a Codicil to my Last Will and Testament dated 17 December 2013.

I bequeath the two carpets in my study and my bedroom to my son [Mr LHY]. …

The Codicil was signed by the Testator, and witnessed by Ms Wong and one Lee
Koon San.

33 The next day (3 January 2014), Ms Wong sent the Respondent an email titled
“Last Will & Testament & Codicil”. The email was copied to the Testator, his
three children, Mr LHL’s wife and Ms Kwa, and stated as follows: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) p 31.

Dear [the Respondent],

Further to our emails below [relating to the signing and safekeeping of the
Last Will], attached is a copy of [the Testator’s] codicil for your
information.

As instructed by [the Testator], we will retain the original copy of [the
Testator’s] last Will & Testament and the Codicil in my office for
safekeeping, and send a copy to Ms Kwa Kim Li for her record.

Thank you.

The Testator’s passing and probate of his Last Will

34 The Testator passed away a little over a year later on 23 March 2015. In
accordance with the terms of his Last Will, Mr LHY and Dr LWL were appointed
as the executors of his estate, and probate was extracted without opposition
in October 2015. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part B) p 80, line 28.

The charges against the Respondent

35 On 4 December 2018, the Attorney-General’s Chambers (“the AGC”) filed a
complaint against the Respondent, stating that she appeared to have
“potentially breached Rules 25 and 46” of the Legal Profession (Professional
Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the PCR”) “by preparing the Last
Will for [the Testator] without advising him to seek independent legal advice,
despite knowing that her husband [Mr] LHY would receive a significant share of
the estate under the will”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Record of Proceedings Vol 1 (Part A) p 12, para 17.

The Law Society filed its Statement of Case against the Respondent on 1
February 2019, and the DT was appointed on 13 February 2019 to hear the matter
against her.

36 The Law Society preferred two charges (each with an alternative and a
further alternative charge) against the Respondent. Both charges related to
her participation in the preparation and execution of the Testator’s Last Will
on 16 and 17 December 2013.

37 The first charge (“Charge 1”), along with the alternative and further
alternative charges (“Charge 1A” and “Charge 1B” respectively), related to the
Respondent’s alleged failure to advance the Testator’s interest unaffected by
her own interest and/or the interest of her husband, Mr LHY. The charges were
framed thus: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part C) pp 15 to 16.

First Charge

That you, [the Respondent], are charged that, sometime between 16 and 17
December 2013, during the course of your retainer for your client, [the
Testator], [you] breached Rule 25(a) and/or Rule 25(b) of the [PCR] in that
you failed to advance your client’s interest unaffected by your interest
and/or the interest of your husband, [Mr LHY], by preparing and arranging for
the execution of your client’s will where a one-third share in your client’s
estate was to be given to your husband, [Mr LHY], such act amounting to
grossly improper conduct in the discharge of your professional duty within the
meaning of s 83(2)(b) of the [LPA].

OR, IN THE ALTERNATIVE

That you, [the Respondent], are charged that, sometime between 16 and 17
December 2013, during the course of your retainer for your client, [the
Testator], [you] breached Rule 25(a) and/or Rule 25(b) of the [PCR] in that
you failed to advance your client’s interest unaffected by your interest
and/or the interest of your husband, [Mr LHY], by preparing and arranging for
the execution of your client’s will where a one-third share in your client’s
estate was to be given to your husband, [Mr LHY], such act amounting to
improper conduct or practice as an advocate and solicitor within the meaning
of s 83(2)(b) of the [LPA].

OR, IN THE FURTHER ALTERNATIVE

That you, [the Respondent], are charged that, sometime between 16 and 17
December 2013, you failed to advance [the Testator’s] interest unaffected by
your interest and/or the interest of your husband, [Mr LHY], by preparing and
arranging for the execution of [the Testator’s] will where a one-third share
in [the Testator’s] estate was to be given to your husband, [Mr LHY], such act
amounting to misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an officer of
the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession within the
meaning of s 83(2)(h) of the [LPA].

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

38 The second charge (“Charge 2”), along with the alternative and further
alternative charges (“Charge 2A” and “Charge 2B” respectively), related to the
Respondent’s alleged conduct in: (a) acting in connection with the significant
gift that the Testator intended to give to her husband, Mr LHY, by will; and
(b) failing to advise the Testator to be independently advised in respect of
that gift. The charges were framed thus: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part C) pp 16 to 17.

SECOND CHARGE

That you, [the Respondent], are charged that, sometime between 16 and 17
December 2013, during the course of your retainer for your client, [the
Testator], [you] breached Rule 46 of the [PCR] by acting in respect of a
significant gift (a one-third share in your client’s estate) that your client
intended to give by will to your husband, [Mr LHY], and failing to advise your
client to be independently advised in respect of this significant gift, such
act amounting to grossly improper conduct in the discharge of your
professional duty within the meaning of s 83(2)(b) of the [LPA].

OR, IN THE ALTERNATIVE

That you, [the Respondent], are charged that, sometime between 16 and 17
December 2013, during the course of your retainer for your client, [the
Testator], [you] breached Rule 46 of the [PCR] by acting in respect of a
significant gift (a one-third share in your client’s estate) that your client
intended to give by will to your husband, [Mr LHY], and failing to advise your
client to be independently advised in respect of this significant gift, such
act amounting to improper conduct or practice as an advocate and solicitor
within the meaning of s 83(2)(b) of the [LPA].

OR, IN THE FURTHER ALTERNATIVE

That you, [the Respondent], are charged that, sometime between 16 and 17
December 2013, … [you] act[ed] in respect of a significant gift (a one-third
share in [the Testator’s] estate) that [the Testator] intended to give by will
to your husband, [Mr LHY], and fail[ed] to advise [the Testator] to be
independently advised in respect of this significant gift, such act amounting
to misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an officer of the
Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession within the meaning of
s 83(2)(h) of the [LPA].

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

39 For both sets of charges, the alternative and further alternative charges
were premised on the same conduct as the corresponding primary charges.
However, while the primary charges were brought on the ground of “grossly
improper conduct in the discharge of [the Respondent’s] professional duty”,
the alternative charges were brought on the ground of “improper conduct or
practice as an advocate and solicitor”, and the further alternative charges,
on the ground of “misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor”.
Additionally, while the primary and alternative charges were premised on a
solicitor-client relationship existing between the Respondent and the
Testator, as can be seen from the inclusion of the words “during the course of
your retainer for your client” in these charges, this was not the case for the
further alternative charges, which were framed under the “catch-all” provision
contained in s 83(2)(h) of the LPA (Law Society of Singapore v Ng Chee Sing
[2000] 1 SLR(R) 466 at [40] and Law Society of Singapore v Wong Sin Yee [2018]
5 SLR 1261 at [24]).

The hearing before the DT and the DT’s findings

40 The DT heard the Law Society’s case on 1 and 2 July 2019. The Law Society
called four witnesses, namely: (a) Mr K Gopalan of the Law Society, who filed
an affidavit exhibiting the documents relied on by the Law Society, but who
had no personal knowledge of the contents of those documents; 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part A) p 125, lines 20 to 26.

(b) DSP Lim Seng Chuan, who gave evidence as to the persons who came to or
left the Oxley House on 16 and 17 December 2013; (c) Mr Manoj Pillai, an agent
of the Respondent’s law corporation who was subpoenaed by the Law Society to
produce emails from the law corporation’s email accounts; and (d) Mr Lui, who
gave evidence about his involvement in the execution and witnessing of the
Last Will. Ms Kwa was not subpoenaed to give evidence because the Testator’s
estate had asserted privilege over the documents pertaining to the Last Will
and to her engagement as the Testator’s solicitor. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

GD at [425]; Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part B) p 215, line 29 to p 216,
line 2; p 218, lines 8 to 10.

In any case, the Law Society took the position that her evidence was not
essential because the contemporaneous documents made it “clear that she was
not involved in the execution of the [L]ast [W]ill”, and, further, because the
admissibility and authenticity of the First to Last Wills were not in
question. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part A) p 56, line 28 to p 57, line 4.

41 After the close of the Law Society’s case, the Respondent submitted that
there was no case to answer. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part H) pp 196 to 234.

This was rejected by the DT, which found that the Law Society had established
a prima facie case against her.

42 The Respondent then called two witnesses in her defence, namely, herself
and Mr LHY, and they were cross-examined and re-examined over the course of
three days from 3 to 5 July 2019.

43 After hearing the parties and considering their submissions, the DT issued
its GD on 18 February 2020. The DT concluded that all the charges against the
Respondent had been made out by the Law Society beyond a reasonable doubt, and
that there was cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action to be taken
against her (GD at [620]).

44 In summary, the DT found that:

(a) The Respondent had “acted as [the Testator’s] lawyer on the Last Will”,
and there was an implied retainer between them (GD at [438]). This finding was
premised on the following facts (GD at [436]–[437]):

(i) the Respondent had adopted Mr LHY’s explanation to a Ministerial Committee
that she had taken instructions from the Testator on the preparation and
execution of the Last Will;

(ii) the Respondent had been the only lawyer to advise the Testator on the
contents and effect of the Last Will, and had represented to him that the
Draft Last Will (which became the Last Will) was the same as his First Will;

(iii) the Respondent had instructed her colleagues at her law corporation to
see to the execution of the Last Will;

(iv) after the execution of the Last Will, the Respondent had kept one
original copy of it in her office safe, whereas the original copies of the
Testator’s previous wills had all been kept by his usual lawyer, Ms Kwa;

(v) the Respondent had excluded Ms Kwa from the entire process pertaining to
the preparation and execution of the Last Will (although we add the
qualification that Ms Kwa in fact appeared to have been copied in the
Respondent’s 7.08pm email on 16 December 2013, and had been excluded from the
process from the time of Mr LHY’s 7.31pm email onwards: see [12] and [17]
above); and

(vi) the Respondent had allowed the Testator to proceed to execute the Last
Will in the belief that she had been primarily responsible for drafting it.

(b) There was “a clear conflict of interest, regardless of whether the
Respondent knew that the Last Will increased, decreased, or maintained … Mr
LHY’s share [of the Testator’s estate]” (GD at [507]). This was because the
Last Will gave Mr LHY a significant (one-third) share of the estate. This put
the Respondent, as Mr LHY’s wife, in a position of conflict as she had assumed
the role of the Testator’s lawyer in respect of this substantial gift to Mr
LHY and was therefore required to put the Testator’s interests above those of
anyone else; yet, her concurrent personal interests as Mr LHY’s wife were in
conflict with this duty (GD at [508]). This conflict of interest could not be
waived (GD at [516]–[522]).

(c) Rule 25 of the PCR encapsulated “a lawyer’s paramount duty of loyalty to
[her] client” (GD at [526]). Despite being in a position of conflict, the
Respondent failed to act with exceptional restraint and care in relation to
the preparation and execution of the Last Will, and instead abused her
position as the Testator’s lawyer to further Mr LHY’s wish that it be executed
hurriedly (GD at [529]–[531]). Her conduct in taking instructions from Mr LHY,
a named beneficiary under the Last Will, on the arrangements relating to and
arising from its execution was an aggravating factor which heightened the
egregiousness of her actions (GD at [531]). She also failed to have a thorough
discussion with the Testator “on all the possible legal issues and potential
complications” [emphasis in original omitted] that could arise from his
reverting to the First Will (GD at [534]). Such legal issues and complications
included the reinstatement of the Demolition Clause, which had been omitted
from the Fifth and Sixth Wills. Further, even if the Testator’s intention was
indeed to revert to the First Will, this was not achieved, given that the Last
Will differed in several ways from the First Will (GD at [548]–[550]). In
totality, the Respondent’s conduct “fell grossly short of her professional
duties as [the Testator’s] lawyer”, and her breach of r 25 of the PCR was
established beyond a reasonable doubt (GD at [566]).

(d) Rule 46 of the PCR contained two distinct and cumulative obligations,
namely, that a lawyer must both refuse to act for a client in connection with
a gift from that client to (among other persons) any member of the lawyer’s
family (r 46(d)), as well as advise that client to be independently advised in
respect of the gift (GD at [569]). The Respondent breached both aspects of r
46 in: (i) acting for the Testator in connection with the Last Will despite
knowing of the significant gift that her husband stood to receive under that
will (GD at [573]–[574]); and (ii) failing to advise the Testator to seek
independent counsel in respect of that gift (GD at [576]–[578]).

(e) The Respondent’s conduct amounted to “grossly improper conduct” for the
purposes of Charges 1 and 2 because she “deliberately failed to discharge the
duties that she was supposed to perform” in her capacity as the Testator’s
lawyer (GD at [587]), and also acted dishonestly by engaging in “a calculated
attempt to … [e]nsure that [the Testator] executed the Last Will as quickly as
possible, without due regard for [his] wishes” (GD at [588]). Despite knowing
that the Testator would have wanted his usual lawyer, Ms Kwa, to advise him on
and to oversee the execution of the Last Will, and despite being in a position
of a “serious conflict of interest”, the Respondent “removed [Ms Kwa] from the
picture” and stepped into her position as the Testator’s lawyer. Further, she
failed to advise the Testator to seek independent counsel, and compounded her
wrongdoing by misleading the Testator about the contents of the Last Will and
failing to draw his attention to how it differed from the First Will (GD at
[589]–[590]). In all, the Respondent’s conduct “clearly lacked the integrity,
probity and trustworthiness required of an advocate and solicitor”, and this
was “grossly improper conduct” [emphasis in original omitted] under s 83(2)(b)
of the LPA (GD at [591]).

(f) The Respondent’s conduct also constituted “misconduct unbefitting an
advocate and solicitor” for the purposes of Charges 1B and 2B because it
brought her into “discredit as a lawyer” and/or would “[bring] the legal
profession as a whole into disrepute”. Even if the Respondent had not acted as
the Testator’s lawyer in relation to his Last Will, “what she did to [the
Testator] was dishonest and dishonourable” (GD at [596]–[597]).

45 We should add that although the DT found that all the charges against the
Respondent had been proved beyond a reasonable doubt (see [43] above), it did
not in fact seem to have considered Charges 1A and 2A, in that it only
assessed whether the Respondent’s conduct constituted “grossly improper
conduct” as alleged in Charges 1 and 2 (GD at [581]–[592]) and “misconduct
unbefitting an advocate and solicitor” as alleged in Charges 1B and 2B (GD at
[593]–[598]). However, nothing turns on this because, for the reasons
explained at [139] below, we are of the view that the Respondent is not guilty
of Charges 1A and 2A.

The parties’ submissions

The Law Society’s submissions

46 Ms Koh Swee Yen (“Ms Koh”), who appeared on behalf of the Law Society at
the hearing before us, submitted that there was no basis to interfere with the
DT’s findings, and that the DT’s GD should be upheld in its entirety. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 20.

47 According to Ms Koh, both the Testator and the Respondent had proceeded on
the basis that the Respondent was the Testator’s lawyer for the preparation
and execution of the Last Will. While acting as the Testator’s lawyer and
advising him in that connection, the Respondent failed to advance the
Testator’s interest unaffected by her own and her husband’s interests, and
thereby breached rr 25(a) and 25(b) of the PCR. Instead of placing the
Testator’s interest above that of anyone else, the Respondent orchestrated the
hasty execution of the Last Will without any “thorough discussion” [emphasis
in original omitted] with the Testator of “all the possible legal issues and
potential complications” [emphasis in original omitted] that could arise if he
reverted to the First Will. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 90 to 91; Applicant’s Skeletal
Arguments at para 15.

She also failed to ensure that the Last Will fully and accurately expressed
the Testator’s intentions. If the Testator’s wish was indeed to revert to the
First Will, this was unquestionably not achieved, given that the Last Will
differed from the First Will in that, among other things, the Gift-Over clause
and the Oxley Maintenance clause were not included in the Last Will (see [15]
above). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 92; Applicant’s Skeletal Arguments at
para 28.

48 In addition, the Respondent breached r 46 of the PCR, which absolutely
prohibits a solicitor from acting for a client in connection with any
instrument or transaction under which the solicitor or (among other persons) a
member of her family stands to receive a significant gift from the client, and
also requires the solicitor to advise the client to seek independent advice in
respect of that gift. It was not disputed that the Last Will provided for a
significant gift to the Respondent’s husband; despite knowing this, the
Respondent acted for the Testator in connection with the Last Will and failed
to advise him to seek independent advice in respect of the gift to her husband
under that will. She also engineered the exclusion of the Testator’s usual
lawyer, Ms Kwa, from any involvement in its preparation and execution. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 96 to 97; Applicant’s Skeletal
Arguments at paras 30 and 32.

49 The Respondent’s breaches of rr 25 and 46 of the PCR amounted to grossly
improper conduct. This was said to be the case whenever a solicitor preferred
her own interests over those of her client. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 98.

The Respondent’s conduct also manifested a deliberate failure to discharge her
duties to her client, the Testator, and amounted to dishonesty as there was a
“calculated attempt” by the Respondent and Mr LHY to expedite the execution of
the Last Will by the Testator without due regard for his wishes, and to
“[h]ide their wrongdoing in having done so”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 99.

The DT had correctly found that such conduct “clearly lacked the integrity,
probity and trustworthiness required of an advocate and solicitor”, and was
therefore “dishonourable, both to [the Respondent] herself, as a person, and
to the legal profession” (GD at [591], cited at [44(e)] above). Even if the
Respondent had not been the Testator’s lawyer for the preparation and
execution of the Last Will, her conduct amounted to “misconduct unbefitting an
advocate and solicitor” because what she did was “dishonest and
dishonourable”, and the further alternative charges (Charges 1B and 2B) were
also established beyond a reasonable doubt. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 102 to 103.

50 Ms Koh submitted that in these circumstances, striking off was the
appropriate sanction. The Respondent had acted dishonestly and in disregard of
her legal obligations, “focus[ing] primarily on what her husband wanted done,
though her duties were owed to [the Testator]” [emphasis in original omitted].
64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 111 and 178; Applicant’s Skeletal
Arguments at paras 39 to 40.

In so doing, she had “paid absolutely no regard to the clear ethical rules and
guidelines” that were applicable, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 106, 111 and 114.

and her culpability was greatly enhanced given her wealth of experience as a
senior lawyer of 37 years’ standing. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 133 to 134.

She had also lied to the DT, which found her “a deceitful witness, who
tailored her evidence to portray herself as an innocent victim who had been
maligned” (GD at [618]). Further, the harm caused by her misconduct was
severe, in that the Last Will did not in fact reflect the Testator’s last
known intentions and wishes as evidenced in his communications with Ms Kwa a
few days before the execution of the Last Will. Failing to admonish the
Respondent’s misconduct with a sufficiently severe sanction would prejudice
the public interest and damage the reputation of the legal profession. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 139 to 146.

The Respondent’s submissions

51 The Respondent’s solicitors, Mr Kenneth Tan SC (“Mr Tan”) and Prof Walter
Woon SC (“Prof Woon”), submitted that the charges against the Respondent were
not made out beyond a reasonable doubt. According to Mr Tan, the Respondent
only had an auxiliary role in assisting the Testator to find witnesses for the
execution of the Last Will. It was the Testator himself who had decided to
revert to the First Will. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 66 to 69.

Pursuant to this decision, the Testator sought Mr LHY’s help, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 72.

and Mr LHY then got the Respondent involved. The Respondent had forwarded the
Draft Last Will, which she understood to be the First Will, to the Testator,
while also asking Ms Kwa, the drafter of the First Will, to engross it for
execution by the Testator. Later, because Ms Kwa was uncontactable, the
Respondent arranged for Mr Lui to attend to the execution of the Last Will;
the Testator himself had agreed not to wait for Ms Kwa to be back, and had
indicated that he would sign the Last Will “before a solicitor in [the
Respondent’s] office, or from any other office”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 7, 8 and 72(b).

52 At all times, the Respondent was not acting as the Testator’s lawyer. Her
role was limited to making arrangements for the execution of the Last Will to
be witnessed. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 9 and 146 to 147.

While the Draft Last Will that the Respondent sent the Testator by way of the
7.08pm email on 16 December 2013 differed from the First Will in that it
omitted the Gift-Over clause and the Oxley Maintenance clause, this was not
due to any deceit on the Respondent’s part, but because she genuinely did not
know that it was different from the First Will, a copy of which she did not
even have. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 127.

In any case, even if the Testator had been misled and the Last Will did not
reflect his wishes accurately, he had access to his lawyer, Ms Kwa, after
executing it. Ms Kwa had a copy of the Last Will, and could easily have
advised the Testator to make a new will to reflect his wishes accurately.
However, the Testator – whose lucidity at the time of signing the Last Will
was not challenged 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 78.

– did not do so. Instead, he later drafted and executed the Codicil, which
directly referenced the Last Will, and this showed that the Last Will
reflected his wishes accurately. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 143 to 144.

53 Furthermore, even if there had been an implied retainer between the
Respondent and the Testator, the Respondent had not acted in conflict of
interest, which was the gravamen of the charges against her. According to Prof
Woon, at the time the Last Will was executed, the Respondent thought that Dr
LWL only had a life interest in her share of the Testator’s estate, which was
what had been provided for under the Third Will (see [5(c)] above). The
Respondent did not know that Dr LWL’s absolute and outright interest in her
share of the estate had been reinstated from the Fourth Will onwards, and was
also unaware that the Sixth Will (the will immediately preceding the Last
Will) had granted Dr LWL an additional 1/7 share of the estate relative to her
two brothers (see [5(f)] above). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 215.

Prof Woon submitted that given the state of the Respondent’s knowledge at the
time the Last Will was executed, from her perspective, the reversion to the
Testator’s children each having an equal share of the estate “would have
reduced rather than increased her husband’s share of [the] estate” 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at p 116, para 216(c).

[emphasis added] due to the elevation of Dr LWL’s life interest in her share
of the estate to an absolute and outright interest. Since, owing to her state
of knowledge, the Respondent believed the Last Will to be detrimental to her
husband, it was “totally illogical to maintain that … the Respondent
nonetheless was in a position of conflict”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at p 116, para 216(c).

54 Prof Woon also submitted that there was no breach of duty on the
Respondent’s part because the Testator, who was the alleged principal, knew
and approved of the Respondent’s participation in the preparation and
execution of the Last Will, and executed it despite knowing that it had been
engrossed by solicitors from the Respondent’s law corporation. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 230.

It was thus urged upon us that all the charges against the Respondent ought to
be dismissed. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 235 and 262.

The issues before this court

55 The issues that arise for our determination in this matter are the
following:

(a) whether an implied retainer existed between the Respondent and the
Testator;

(b) if an implied retainer existed, whether the Respondent’s conduct amounted
to grossly improper conduct in the discharge of her professional duty (as
alleged in Charges 1 and 2), or improper conduct or practice as an advocate
and solicitor (as alleged in Charges 1A and 2A);

(c) if no implied retainer existed, whether the Respondent’s conduct
nevertheless amounted to misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor (as
alleged in Charges 1B and 2B); and

(d) if the Respondent is guilty of any of the charges, what is the appropriate
sanction to impose.

Whether there was an implied retainer between the Respondent and the Testator

56 We begin with the first issue. It is undisputed that there was no express
retainer between the Respondent and the Testator (GD at [170]). 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 176.

A solicitor-client relationship can therefore arise only if an implied
retainer is found.

The applicable principles

57 The emphasis in this context is on whether there is sufficient basis to
impute a solicitor-client relationship. That inquiry, even if it is often
framed in terms of whether a contract of retainer may be implied, plainly does
not proceed on the basis of a conventional contractual analysis, in which the
existence of an offer, acceptance of the offer, an intention to create legal
relations and consideration are essential elements. Perhaps the best
illustration of this is the leading case of Ahmad Khalis ([4] supra). There,
the solicitor in question had been instructed by one Rasid to file a petition
for letters of administration, with Rasid to be appointed as the sole
administrator of his deceased father’s estate. At Rasid’s request, the
solicitor met with the remaining surviving beneficiaries of the deceased’s
estate (“the remaining surviving beneficiaries”). At that meeting, some of the
remaining surviving beneficiaries expressed misgivings over Rasid being
appointed as the sole administrator and asked whether a co-administrator could
be appointed. The solicitor assured the remaining surviving beneficiaries
that, as the sole administrator, Rasid would not be able to dispose of or deal
with the assets forming the estate, one of which was a piece of real property
(“the Property”), without their consent. Rasid was subsequently appointed as
the sole administrator of the estate, and the remaining surviving
beneficiaries were asked to sign a document consenting to the dispensation of
sureties to the administration bond (“the Consent Document”). Contrary to the
assurance that the solicitor had given, Rasid mortgaged the Property to secure
a personal loan without the remaining surviving beneficiaries’ knowledge or
consent. Rasid later fell behind on the mortgage payments, causing the bank to
foreclose, after which the remaining surviving beneficiaries lodged a
complaint against the solicitor.

58 A key issue was whether a solicitor-client relationship had come into being
between the solicitor and the remaining surviving beneficiaries,
notwithstanding the absence of an express retainer. The High Court made
several pertinent observations in this connection. First, “whether or not a
retainer between a lawyer and a client comes into being … is dependent very
much on the precise factual matrix concerned”, and “no legal formalities (such
as writing) are required in order for such a retainer to exist” (Ahmad Khalis
at [64]). Second, the analysis that must be undertaken to determine whether an
implied retainer has come into being is an objective one: an implied retainer
“[can] only arise where on an objective consideration of all the circumstances
an intention to enter into such a contractual relationship ought fairly and
properly to be imputed to the parties” [emphasis added] (Ahmad Khalis at [66],
citing Dean v Allin & Watts [2001] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 249 (“Dean”) at [22]).

59 We pause to note that the word “impute”, as used in this context, signifies
the attribution of an intention to enter into a contractual relationship,
rather than the fact of the existence of such an intention. As Lord Neuberger
of Abbotsbury observed in Stack v Dowden [2007] 2 AC 432 at [126] (cited in
Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 at [111]):

An inferred intention is one which is objectively deduced to be the subjective
actual intention of the parties, in the light of their actions and statements.
An imputed intention is one which is attributed to the parties, even though no
such actual intention can be deduced from their actions and statements, and
even though they had no such intention. Imputation involves concluding what
the parties would have intended, whereas inferences involves concluding what
they did intend. [emphasis added]

60 In a similar vein (albeit in a different context), it has been observed
that “the distinction between the ascertainment of agreed intention and the
imputation of intention” [emphasis in original] is that (Andrew Phang Boon
Leong & Goh Yihan, “Contract Law in Commonwealth Countries: Uniformity or
Divergence?” (2019) 31 SAcLJ 170 at para 88):

… For agreed intention, the ascertainment of such intention can be by way of
express or implied reading of the contractual terms … In contrast, for an
imputation of intention, the concern is with the imputation of what the court
believes to be reasonable in the circumstances, as an approximation to what
the parties ought to have intended. … [emphasis in original]

61 The fundamental question is thus whether, on an objective analysis of the
circumstances from the perspectives of both the putative solicitor and the
putative client, an intention to enter into a solicitor-client relationship
should be attributed to the parties. In this regard, it is important to note
that the putative client’s subjective understanding of his relationship with
the putative solicitor is not determinative of whether a solicitor-client
relationship should be imputed in the circumstances. This can be seen from our
recent decision in Law Society of Singapore v Tan Chun Chuen Malcolm [2020]
SGHC 166 (“Malcolm Tan”). There, although the putative client testified that
he regarded the putative solicitor as “an ‘[i]nvestor, adviser’ rather than as
a lawyer”, we held that this did not mean that a solicitor-client relationship
therefore did not exist (Malcolm Tan at [11]). As the High Court noted in
Ahmad Khalis at [66]:

… [T]he question is whether it was reasonable for the [putative solicitor] or
the [putative client] to have arrived at the conclusions that they did in
respect of their characterisation of their relationship inter se. The
objective stance enables the court to maintain a fair and balanced perspective
in order to enable it to arrive at a just and fair result. …

62 In Ahmad Khalis, the High Court concluded, on an application of the
objective approach, that a solicitor-client relationship should be imputed to
the parties. This was because the solicitor had advised the remaining
surviving beneficiaries, who had acted upon his advice. Such advice had been
neither perfunctory nor non-committal. The solicitor had even gone so far as
to tell the remaining surviving beneficiaries about the additional costs and
delay that having a co-administrator would entail. He had also sought to allay
their fears over Rasid acting as the sole administrator of the estate. This
went beyond “merely ‘processing matters’”. In addition, the solicitor had
taken steps to ensure that the Consent Document was explained to the remaining
surviving beneficiaries. From an objective viewpoint, the solicitor must have
regarded the remaining surviving beneficiaries as his clients, especially when
his conduct was seen in the light of the fact that no other solicitor was
acting for them. The court observed that although “the [solicitor] might have
been unclear as to whether or not he was officially [the remaining surviving
beneficiaries’] lawyer” [emphasis in original], an implied retainer
nonetheless existed between them (Ahmad Khalis at [67]).

63 The decision in Ahmad Khalis was analysed in the following terms in Jeffrey
Pinsler, Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules 2015 – A Commentary
(Academy Publishing, 2016) (“PCR Commentary”) at para 5.014 (citing Dean ([58]
supra) and Law Society of Singapore v Uthayasurian Sidambaram [2009] 4 SLR(R)
674 (“Uthayasurian”)):

… [T]he advocate and solicitor’s perspective must be considered in an
objective context: he cannot simply say that he believed that a relationship
of advocate and solicitor and client had not arisen between him and the person
concerned if such a belief is unreasonable. It is essential to take into
account the person’s perspective: did this person reasonably believe that such
a relationship had arisen? … An implied retainer could only arise where on an
objective consideration of all the circumstances an intention to enter into
such a contractual relationship ought fairly and properly to be imputed to the
parties. … [emphasis added]

It can be seen from this that the focus is on the nature of the dealings
between the putative solicitor and the putative client, and, as we highlighted
at [61] above, the question is whether, on an objective assessment of the
circumstances, one may conclude that a solicitor-client relationship has come
into being between them (PCR Commentary at para 5.008):

A person may become a client of an advocate and solicitor if the manner in
which the advocate and solicitor conducts himself towards that person gives
rise to such a relationship. This is so even if there was originally no
express intention to create a retainer. An ‘implied retainer’ is said to arise
in such circumstances.

64 A similar objective approach was adopted by the Court of Appeal in Anwar
Patrick Adrian and another v Ng Chong & Hue LLC and another [2014] 3 SLR 761
(“Anwar Patrick”). There, the appellants were the sons of one Agus, who owed a
bank (“the bank”) a very substantial amount under a credit facility.
Negotiations ensued between the bank and Agus’ solicitor, Ng. After several
rounds of negotiations, the bank, which had initially demanded that the
appellants bear personal liability for Agus’ loan, agreed to forbear from
suing Agus provided he procured, among other things, further collateral which
included mortgages of properties owned by the appellants (“the Forbearance
Agreement”). Pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement, Agus and the appellants
executed various security documents by which the appellants mortgaged several
properties to the bank. Unbeknownst to Agus and the appellants, the security
documents included a personal guarantee clause under which the appellants
agreed to pay the bank on demand any sums due and owing by Agus.

65 Despite the provision of the additional security, Agus eventually defaulted
on the credit facility, and the bank sued Agus and the appellants. The bank’s
claims against the appellants were premised on the personal guarantee clause.
The action was eventually settled for a sum of US$1m. The appellants then sued
Ng and his law firm to recover the settlement sum and the legal fees that they
had incurred in defending the bank’s suit. A key issue was whether Ng had been
in a solicitor-client relationship with the appellants under an implied
retainer.

66 In finding that there was such an implied retainer, the Court of Appeal
adopted the approach of the High Court in Ahmad Khalis ([4] supra), holding
(Anwar Patrick at [49], citing Ahmad Khalis at [66]):

[A] retainer may be implied where, on an objective consideration of all the
circumstances, an intention to enter into such a contractual relationship
ought fairly and properly to be imputed to all the parties. … [emphasis in
original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

Applying this approach, the court concluded that the inquiry did not end
simply because Ng had not directly advised the appellants (Anwar Patrick at
[51]). In its view, an implied retainer “‘ought fairly and properly’ [to] be
imputed to all the parties” because Ng had signed off as the “solicitor for
the mortgagors” (meaning the appellants) on the “Certificate of Correctness”,
an official document of paramount importance which formed part of the security
documents signed under the Forbearance Agreement. As a seasoned solicitor, Ng
had to be taken to have known the importance of putting his signature on the
Certificate of Correctness for the purposes of the mortgage of the appellants’
properties. The court was therefore satisfied that from the putative
solicitor’s perspective, Ng “must have held the view that he was officially
the [a]ppellants’ solicitor for the mortgage”, even if “in his own mind”, he
“thought that he was their solicitor for the mortgage only because he was
advising Agus” [emphasis in original omitted] (Anwar Patrick at [58]). From
the putative clients’ perspective, it was also legitimate for the appellants
to have regarded Ng as their solicitor, given that he had signed off as their
solicitor on the Certificate of Correctness. Ng was also the only legally
trained person on the appellants’ side involved in the execution of a
commercial transaction with legal implications, while the other side (the
bank) had its solicitor representing it (Anwar Patrick at [59]). Hence, Ng was
held liable to the appellants as their solicitor pursuant to an implied
retainer.

67 More recently, in Malcolm Tan ([61] supra), the solicitor was engaged in an
investment scheme with one Mr Kuek. In contesting the charges that were
brought against him, the solicitor contended that he had never consummated a
solicitor-client relationship with Mr Kuek, who had engaged his services “not
as a solicitor but purely as a business advisor” [emphasis in original]
(Malcolm Tan at [9]). In support of his contention, the solicitor relied on Mr
Kuek’s agreement under cross-examination that the solicitor had been acting as
“an ‘[i]nvestor, adviser’ rather than as a lawyer”, and that there “wasn’t
really an advocate and solicitor relationship between [them]” (Malcolm Tan at
[11]). Rejecting that contention, we held (Malcom Tan at [11]):

… [T]he real question was whether Mr Kuek had been left with the impression
that in investing in the two investment schemes promoted by [the solicitor],
his interests would be protected by [the solicitor] as his solicitor pursuant
to the terms of the letters of engagement [that he had signed with the
solicitor’s law firm]. …

On the evidence, we were amply satisfied that this was the case, and, further,
that the solicitor had intended that end (Malcolm Tan at [11]).

68 In our judgment, it is clear from the foregoing authorities that in
determining whether an implied retainer ought to be imputed to the putative
solicitor and the putative client, the court should not get mired in questions
such as whether the parties had entered into a formal contract, but should
instead focus on whether, on an objective analysis of the circumstances from
the perspectives of both parties, they should be taken to have understood and
believed that they were in a solicitor-client relationship. Where this is the
case, then an implied retainer will be imputed regardless of whether or not
the particular requirements for the formation of a contract have been
satisfied. Hence, a lawyer who acts pro bono with no expectation of receiving
any fee is nonetheless plainly in a solicitor-client relationship even though
there is no consideration moving from the client. Similarly, any
communications between a solicitor and a prospective client remain subject to
legal advice privilege even in the absence of a concluded retainer (see, for
example, Regina (Prudential plc and another) v Special Commissioner of Income
Tax and another (Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and
others intervening) [2013] 2 AC 185 at [96]).

69 In assessing whether an intention to enter into a solicitor-client
relationship should be attributed to the putative solicitor and the putative
client under the objective approach, it may be relevant for the court to
consider a range of non-exhaustive factors, including the following (Ahmad
Khalis at [66]–[67], BOM v BOK and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 349 (“BOM v
BOK”) at [109] and Uthayasurian ([63] supra) at [42]):

(a) who is paying the putative solicitor’s fees, if any;

(b) who is providing instructions;

(c) whether a contractual relationship existed between the putative solicitor
and the putative client in the past;

(d) whether express advice was given by the putative solicitor, and if so,
whether such advice was relied upon by the putative client;

(e) if express advice was given by the putative solicitor, the nature of such
advice (including whether it constituted merely preparatory steps to
explaining a legal document, or whether it constituted more substantive
advice);

(f) whether the putative solicitor asked the putative client to seek
independent advice; and

(g) whether any advice by the putative solicitor was rendered without
qualification.

We emphasise, however, that “no single factor is determinative and the final
assessment ultimately rests on a holistic and careful consideration of the
factual matrix” (BOM v BOK at [109]).

The analysis from the Respondent’s perspective

70 Turning then to the facts of the present case, we begin by assessing the
situation from the Respondent’s perspective. In this regard, while the
objective evidence demonstrates that the Respondent came to be involved on 16
December 2013 when she sent the Testator the 7.08pm email, a deeper analysis
of two sub-issues – namely: (a) what led her to send that email; and (b) how
she obtained the Draft Last Will attached to that email – is necessary to
enable us to situate her actions in their proper context.

The circumstances that led to the Respondent sending the 7.08pm email

71 As to the first sub-issue, two conflicting explanations were advanced by or
on behalf of the Respondent.

(1) The first explanation

72 The first explanation was that the Testator had given express instructions
directly to the Respondent to revert to his First Will. This led the
Respondent to send the Draft Last Will, “[which] she understood to be the
final version of the [F]irst [W]ill”, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Record of Proceedings Vol 1 (Part D) p 270, para 62.

to the Testator by way of the 7.08pm email. Some context will help to
elucidate this point.

73 In July 2016, about a year after the Testator’s passing, a Ministerial
Committee consisting of some Cabinet ministers (“the MC”) was formed to
consider possible options for the Oxley House given its historical
significance. In the light of public statements that had been made about the
Oxley House, the MC wrote to the Testator’s children, seeking their views on
what the Testator’s thinking in respect of the Oxley House was and the
circumstances relating to his thinking and wishes in this regard. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) pp 176 to 178.

74 Mr LHL replied to the MC on 15 September 2016. While he outlined some
thoughts on the matter, it was evident at one level that the Testator’s views
were encapsulated in the Last Will, in as much as this contained the
Demolition Clause. As to this, Mr LHL set out some concerns, including the
following:

(a) whether the Testator had been aware that the Demolition Clause had been
reinserted into the Last Will (having earlier been removed from the Fifth and
Sixth Wills), and whether he had given specific instructions for its
reinsertion; 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) p 192, para 33 and p 194, para 50.

(b) whether the Testator had been informed or advised about the “significant”
differences between the Last Will and the First Will; 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) pp 193 to 194.

and

(c) whether the Respondent’s participation in the preparation and execution of
the Last Will placed her in a position where her own interests and her duties
to the Testator were in conflict. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) pp 194 to 195.

75 The MC conveyed these concerns to Mr LHY and Dr LWL and invited their
comments. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) pp 210 to 229.

In a joint letter to the MC dated 28 February 2017 (“the MC Letter”), Mr LHY
and Dr LWL provided their substantive response to Mr LHL’s letter of 15
September 2016. There, they stated that it was the Testator’s “unwavering,
heartfelt, and deeply personal wish” to demolish the Oxley House after his
death. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) p 263, para 29.

This wish was reflected in the Demolition Clause. They pointed out that
although Mr LHL was evidently “attacking the integrity of the [Last] Will as
the true expression of [the Testator’s] wishes” by highlighting the “troubling
circumstances” surrounding its execution, probate of the Last Will had been
granted without opposition, and its correctness and validity were therefore to
be taken as having been conclusively established. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) pp 262 to 263.

As for the differences between the First and Last Wills and the Respondent’s
participation in the preparation and execution of the latter, Mr LHY and Dr
LWL said as follows (“the MC Statements”): 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) pp 268 to 270.

53\. With regards [to] the [G]ift-[O]ver clause in the First Will, the simple
reason why this was not in the [Last] Will is that we were not aware that it
had been inserted [into the First Will]. When [the Testator] gave instructions
to [the Respondent] for the [Last Will] to be engrossed, she relied on what
she believed was the final version of the will [that the Testator] wanted and
was not aware of any later version including a [G]ift-[O]ver clause.

…

61\. Second, … the [Last] Will was simply [the Testator’s] [F]irst [W]ill
which had been drafted by Lee & Lee, with the exception of the absent
[G]ift-[O]ver clause which has already been explained. …

62\. … [The Last Will] was engrossed on the basis of [the Testator’s] express
instruction to revert to his [F]irst [W]ill from 2011. We have explained above
that on the basis of this instruction, [the Respondent] obtained what she
understood to be the final version of the [F]irst [W]ill from 2011, without
realising that a [Gift-Over] clause had been added to the executed version. …

[emphasis added]

76 It is important to note that the MC Letter, which included the MC
Statements, was written at a time when concerns had been raised by Mr LHL as
to the circumstances surrounding the preparation and execution of the Last
Will, and, specifically, as to whether the Testator had had his attention
drawn to the reinsertion of the Demolition Clause. These concerns were
highlighted to the MC in the specific context of its consideration of the
options for the Oxley House. That was why the provenance of the Demolition
Clause, which had resurfaced in the Last Will after having been omitted from
the Fifth and Sixth Wills, assumed importance. The MC Statements formed part
of the narrative advanced by Mr LHY and Dr LWL to defend the integrity of the
Last Will as a whole, including, in particular, the Demolition Clause. The
reference to the Testator having given express instructions to the Respondent
to revert to the First Will (which contained the Demolition Clause) should be
seen in that light.

77 On 30 October 2018, about 20 months after the MC Letter, the AGC wrote to
the Respondent, highlighting that concerns had been raised over her
participation in the preparation and execution of the Last Will, under which
her husband, Mr LHY, was a significant beneficiary. The AGC sought the
Respondent’s clarification of “the nature of [her] involvement in the
preparation of the Last Will”, “[i]n particular, … when [the Testator]
instructed [her] to prepare the Last Will, and what his instructions were”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part F) p 57, para 2 to p 58, para 8.

The Respondent expressed unhappiness over the steps that the AGC was taking
against her, but did not respond substantively to its queries. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part F) pp 78 to 79.

As mentioned at [35] above, the AGC subsequently lodged a complaint against
the Respondent with the Law Society on 4 December 2018, stating that she
appeared to have breached rr 25 and 46 of the PCR “by preparing the Last Will
for [the Testator] without advising him to seek independent legal advice,
despite knowing that her husband [Mr] LHY would receive a significant share of
the estate under the will”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part F) pp 84 to 88.

78 On 10 December 2018, after the AGC’s complaint had been lodged, the
Respondent wrote to the AGC, asserting that the Testator was “not [her] client
and [she] was not his lawyer in connection with his Last Will”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part H) p 19.

Subsequently, on 21 December 2018, the Respondent wrote to the AGC again,
stating that “[m]atters relating to any involvement [she] had in assisting
[her] family in December 2013 [in connection with the Testator’s Last Will]
were addressed by [Dr LWL] and [Mr LHY] in detailed correspondence to the
[MC], in particular in their letters of 28 February 2017 and 14 June 2017” 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part H) p 23, para 10.

[emphasis added]. The 28 February 2017 letter is the MC Letter containing the
MC Statements, which stated that (among other things) the Last Will had been
“engrossed on the basis of [the Testator’s] express instruction to revert to
his [F]irst [W]ill from 2011” 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) p 270, para 62.

(see [75] above).

79 At the hearing before the DT, the Respondent sought to persuade the DT that
she had not, by her letter of 21 December 2018 to the AGC, adopted the MC
Statements’ description of her role in the preparation and execution of the
Last Will. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part A) p 193, lines 7 to 26.

The DT rejected this argument. We agree with the DT that the only reasonable
inference to be drawn from this letter, which was written by the Respondent at
a time when her participation in the preparation and execution of the Last
Will was being questioned, was that the Respondent had adopted the position
set out in the MC Statements, specifically, to the effect that the Last Will
had been prepared pursuant to the Testator’s express instructions to her (GD
at [226]). By that stage, a complaint had been made against the Respondent. In
such circumstances, if the MC Letter had painted an erroneous picture of her
role in the preparation and execution of the Last Will, one would have
expected her to correct any such error in the course of her letters to the
AGC. The Respondent did not, however, do so. Instead, she described the MC
Letter as accurately reflecting “any involvement [she] had in assisting [her]
family in December 2013” in connection with the Last Will. Hence, we are
satisfied that by her letter of 21 December 2018 to the AGC, the Respondent
had represented, as Mr LHY and Dr LWL had done in the MC Statements, that she
had assisted the Testator in reverting to his First Will based on his express
instructions to her.

(2) The second explanation

80 In the course of the disciplinary proceedings, the Respondent sought to
resile from the account of events set out in the MC Statements, contending
instead, and for the first time, that the Testator had never spoken to her
directly about his wish to revert to the First Will, and that all instructions
to this effect from the Testator had been given to Mr LHY, who had then
involved her in limited ways. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Mr LHY’s AEIC: Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) p 15, para 34 to p 16,
para 38; the Respondent’s AEIC: Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) p 96,
para 13 to p 99, para 20.

We refer to this alternative account as “the second explanation”.

81 The second explanation, as presented by Mr LHY in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) dated 11 June 2019, was that sometime on 16
December 2013, the Testator contacted him and informed him that he “wanted to
change his will and revert to his original 2011 will”, under which his
children would receive equal shares of the estate. As Mr LHY was due to fly to
Brisbane that evening, he spoke to his wife, the Respondent, and asked her to
coordinate the arrangements with Ms Kwa for the Testator to re-execute the
First Will (this being the “original 2011 will” referred to in Mr LHY’s AEIC).
98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) pp 15 to 16, para 36.

82 The Respondent echoed Mr LHY’s account in her AEIC dated 17 June 2019,
where she said: 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) p 96, para 13 to p 98, para 16.

13\. … Sometime during the day [on 16 December 2013], [Mr LHY] called me to
say that [the Testator] had decided to revert to the original 2011 will. [Mr
LHY] explained that this was the agreed will which provided for equal shares
for the children … As [Mr LHY] was flying to Australia for board meetings that
evening, [Mr LHY] asked me to follow up with [the Testator] and [Ms Kwa] to
organise the re-execution of [the First Will]. [Mr LHY] also intimated that he
would forward a copy of the said will to me so that I could follow up with [Ms
Kwa].

…

15\. That evening, I finally found time to attend to [Mr LHY’s] request. I
checked my email and saw that [Mr LHY] had sent me a draft of [the First
Will]. I no longer have a copy of the abovementioned email from [Mr LHY], and
other emails in relation to this matter. …

16\. As requested by [Mr LHY], I forwarded the draft will which he sent me to
[Ms Kwa] and [the Testator]. I did not draft or prepare this draft will, and
did not amend it in any way. Indeed, I do not think I even opened and looked
at the attachment. …

83 It will be readily evident that the position adopted by the Respondent in
the disciplinary proceedings differed significantly from that set out in the
MC Statements. Whereas the MC Statements asserted that the Testator had given
express instructions directly to the Respondent to prepare and engross the
Last Will, which “was simply [the Testator’s] [F]irst [W]ill”, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) p 270, para 61.

for execution, it was contended in the disciplinary proceedings that all such
instructions were in fact conveyed by the Testator to Mr LHY, who then
involved the Respondent just to coordinate the steps that needed to be taken
in order to effect the Testator’s wishes.

84 Faced with this inconsistency, the Respondent contended that the MC
Statements were “incorrect” 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part B) p 58, line 23.

and the result of Mr LHY’s habit of “jump[ing] many steps” when crafting his
statements. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part B) p 30, lines 17 to 26; p 58, line 23; p
114, line 29 to p 115, line 1.

It was also suggested that the MC Letter had not been drafted with precision
because it “wasn’t a formal legal document”, 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part B) p 58, lines 8 to 13.

and, thus, “optional explanations” were omitted. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part B) p 23, line 5; p 58, lines 8 to 13; p
116, lines 4 to 8.

(3) Our decision

85 We do not accept the Respondent’s attempted rationalisation of the two
inconsistent explanations that she advanced as regards the circumstances which
led her to send the 7.08pm email on 16 December 2013. As the DT observed, the
first explanation (which was the account presented in the MC Statements) –
namely, that the Testator gave express instructions directly to the Respondent
to revert to the First Will – was entirely contradictory to the second
explanation (which was adopted for the first time only in the course of the
disciplinary proceedings) – namely, that the Testator never gave such
instructions to the Respondent, but instead communicated the instructions to
Mr LHY, who then asked the Respondent to make the necessary arrangements to
give effect to those instructions. The diametrically opposed positions related
to a basic fact, namely, whether or not the Testator gave express instructions
directly to the Respondent to revert to the First Will. This inconsistency
could not be explained away simply on the basis that Mr LHY had an apparent
tendency to “shortcut … his statements”, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part B) p 31, line 14.

or that the MC Letter had not been drafted with the level of care and
precision ordinarily afforded to formal court documents (GD at [231]–[236]).
Given the concerns that had been expressed by Mr LHL and conveyed by the MC to
Mr LHY and Dr LWL (see [74]–[75] above), serious questions had been raised
about the Respondent’s and Mr LHY’s actions in relation to the preparation and
execution of the Last Will, a point that Mr LHY accepted under cross-
examination. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part B) p 110, lines 23 to 26.

In that light, if the Testator had spoken directly to Mr LHY about reverting
to the First Will, we find it inconceivable that that fact as well as the
contents of that communication would have been omitted from Mr LHY’s and Dr
LWL’s responses to the MC due to an oversight or any inadvertent
“shortcutting” on Mr LHY’s part. However, nowhere in the several and lengthy
responses to the MC from Mr LHY and Dr LWL is there any hint of the critical
conversation that Mr LHY allegedly had with the Testator on 16 December 2013,
in which, according to the Respondent and Mr LHY, the Testator told Mr LHY
that he “wanted to change his will and revert to his original 2011 will”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) p 15, para 34.

This omission is crucial because, in its correspondence with Mr LHY and Dr
LWL, the MC had directly raised (among other issues) the issue of the
Testator’s awareness of the changes effected in the Last Will, in particular,
the reinsertion of the Demolition Clause. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) p 216.

86 Further, the MC Letter had been prepared with the benefit of legal advice.
This is unsurprising since the MC Letter was concerned with, among other
things, the provenance of the Demolition Clause (see [75]–[76] above). We
therefore find it implausible that the response set out in the MC Letter would
have been crafted with anything other than due care. Emphasis was placed there
on the Testator having given express instructions directly to the Respondent
to revert to the First Will, and it wholly omitted to mention any
communication between the Testator and Mr LHY on this matter.

87 Although we reject the Respondent’s attempted rationalisation of the
inconsistency between the two explanations which she advanced as to the
circumstances that led her to send the 7.08pm email on 16 December 2013, this
does not necessarily entail that the first (and earlier) explanation (that is
to say, the account set out in the MC Statements) must therefore be true. The
first explanation may be true, or it may, alternatively, reflect a position
that was taken to avoid any suggestion that the reinstatement of the First
Will and, in particular, the reinsertion of the Demolition Clause were not the
result of the Testator’s free will and wish. Which of the Respondent’s two
conflicting explanations is true calls for closer analysis and a forensic
examination of all the relevant evidence and circumstances.

88 The DT concluded that the first explanation – namely, that the Testator had
given express instructions directly to the Respondent to revert to the First
Will – was true. This was because it considered that no coherent explanation
had been offered as to why the Respondent would have sent the Draft Last Will
to the Testator by way of the 7.08pm email if he had in fact spoken to Mr LHY
about reverting to the First Will (GD at [248]). While we understand the DT’s
reasons for coming to this view, on balance, we do not agree with the DT on
this finding.

89 In our judgment, it would have been extremely odd for the Testator to have
contacted the Respondent directly about changing his then will, which was the
Sixth Will. Ms Kwa was his regular solicitor and had seen to the execution of
all his previous wills. He had been communicating with her on the changes that
he wished to make to the Sixth Will until 13 December 2013, just three days
before the Respondent sent him the 7.08pm email on 16 December 2013 and four
days before he executed the Last Will on 17 December 2013. The following
evidence also shows that the Testator regarded Ms Kwa, and not the Respondent,
as his solicitor for matters pertaining to his estate generally:

(a) First, in the days leading up to the execution of the Last Will, the
Testator discussed changing his Sixth Will only with Ms Kwa, and those
discussions continued until 13 December 2013, being the Friday before the Last
Will was executed.

(b) Nothing in the correspondence between Ms Kwa and the Testator suggested
that the Testator intended to proceed to effect the contemplated changes to
the Sixth Will without Ms Kwa’s involvement.

(c) After Ms Kwa intimated that she would prepare a codicil to the Sixth Will
to reinstate the leaving of equal shares of the estate to the Testator’s
children, the Testator instructed her to add a bequest of two carpets to Mr
LHY.

(d) The Respondent’s 7.08pm email specifically singled out Ms Kwa as the
person who should engross the Draft Last Will attached to that email. This
suggests that at that point, Ms Kwa continued to be viewed as the person who
would attend to the Testator’s execution of the Last Will.

90 In the face of these circumstances, no plausible reason was advanced to
explain why the Testator would have abruptly approached the Respondent to
convey to her directly his wish to revert to the First Will, and to seek her
assistance in that regard.

91 We also note that the Respondent had copied Mr LHY and Ms Kwa in her 7.08pm
email to the Testator. The inclusion of Mr LHY would have been perplexing, to
say the least, if this email had been sent in response to an instruction from
the Testator to the Respondent directly because there would, in that event,
have been no need and no reason to involve Mr LHY in carrying out the
Testator’s instruction. Further, if, as alleged in the MC Statements, the Last
Will had been “engrossed [by the Respondent] on the basis of [the Testator’s]
express instruction to revert to his [F]irst [W]ill”, 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) p 270, para 62.

there would have been no reason for the Respondent to copy Ms Kwa as well in
the 7.08pm email and to request her to see to the engrossment of the Draft
Last Will. In addition, if the Testator had indeed instructed the Respondent
directly, we would have expected to find some further communications between
the Testator and the Respondent after she sent him the 7.08pm email. There
were, however, no such communications. Instead, the further communications
were between Mr LHY and the Testator. All of this leads us to conclude that
the MC Statements were untrue and gave the incorrect impression that Mr LHY
had not himself been involved in receiving the Testator’s instructions to
revert to the First Will.

92 In the circumstances, while we are mindful that the second explanation (as
set out at [80]–[82] above) reflected a new position that was adopted for the
first time only in the course of the disciplinary proceedings, we find that
that position was in fact the true position. In other words, we find that the
Respondent learnt of the relevant instructions to revert to the First Will
from Mr LHY, and not directly from the Testator, and that the account of
events presented to the MC was incorrect. Mr LHY might perhaps have advanced
that account to distance himself from the circumstances surrounding the
preparation and execution of the Last Will by suggesting that the instructions
to revert to the First Will were directly and expressly conveyed by the
Testator to the Respondent. Whatever the reasons for presenting that account
to the MC might be, it was contradicted by the evidence which surfaced in the
disciplinary proceedings (see [89]–[91] above).

93 In the absence of any other evidence, we accept the second explanation of
the circumstances that led to the Respondent sending the 7.08pm email on 16
December 2013. As we mentioned at [80]–[81] above, this explanation was raised
for the first time in the AEIC which Mr LHY filed for the disciplinary
proceedings, and it was to the effect that the Testator informed him sometime
on 16 December 2013 that he “wanted to change his will and revert to his
original 2011 will”, 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) p 15, para 34.

under which the children would receive equal shares of the estate. According
to Mr LHY, as he was due to leave for Brisbane that evening, he contacted his
wife, the Respondent, and asked her to liaise with Ms Kwa to make the
necessary arrangements for the Testator to re-execute the First Will (this
being the “original 2011 will”). 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) p 16, para 36.

This was also the position put forward by the Respondent in her AEIC (see [82]
above) as well as under cross-examination, where she said: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part A) p 286, lines 3 to 12.

… [Mr LHY] spoke to me sometime in the afternoon [of 16 November 2013] to ask
me to make arrangements for [Ms Kwa] to sign because he was busy. I was
preoccupied and I didn’t remember to do it till I was leaving the office at
7.00 or whatever, 7.08 in the evening. [Mr LHY] was already at or on his way
to the airport. He saw my email and he called up because he was cross that I
hadn’t made arrangements earlier. In the interim, I believe, [Mr LHY] had
continued to try to call [Ms Kwa] and he told me he couldn’t reach her. And so
he said, ‘[the Testator] is anxious and when he’s anxious, he has a bad
temper.’ And asked me to get somebody ready. And we discussed [Mr Lui] and he
said he’d talk to [Mr Lui] after I warned [Mr Lui] off. That’s when it
happened.

94 Based on what was conveyed to her by Mr LHY, the Respondent sent the
Testator the 7.08pm email attaching the Draft Last Will, which she presented
as being “the original agreed Will which ensures that all 3 children receive
equal shares”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 36, S/N 4.

We are satisfied that at that point, it remained the Testator’s intention to
have Ms Kwa attend to the re-execution of the First Will. The Respondent
clearly appreciated this, and she therefore asked Ms Kwa to see to the
engrossing of the Draft Last Will in her 7.08pm email.

95 We note that the Testator’s decision to revert to the First Will marked a
change in the position which he had arrived at as at 13 December 2013
following his discussions with Ms Kwa about the changes that he wished to make
to the Sixth Will. As we mentioned at [11] above, although the Testator had
decided by 13 December 2013 to revert to leaving his estate to his three
children in equal shares (among other things), his discussions with Ms Kwa had
not extended to replacing the Sixth Will with another will, nor to reinstating
either the First Will as a whole or the Demolition Clause in particular. While
the evidence does not enable a finding to be made as to how or why the
Testator came to decide to revert to the First Will, it appears that this was
motivated, at least in part, by the consideration that under that will,
consistent with what he had discussed with Ms Kwa and with what he wished as
at 13 December 2013, his children would inherit his estate in equal shares.

The means by which the Respondent obtained the Draft Last Will

96 Before going further, there is, as we pointed out at [70] above, a second
sub-issue that we need to examine, and that pertains to how the Respondent
came into possession of the Draft Last Will.

97 At the hearing before the DT, the Respondent and Mr LHY testified that the
Respondent had received the Draft Last Will from Mr LHY and had forwarded it
to the Testator. According to the Respondent, after forwarding the Draft Last
Will to the Testator, she then enlisted the help of Mr Lui to see to its
execution and sent his contact details to the Testator’s personal secretary,
Ms Wong. Thereafter, she had no further involvement in its preparation or
execution. She also contended that she did not even open the Draft Last Will
before forwarding it to the Testator. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) p 96, para 13 to p 99, para 20; Record
of Proceedings Vol IV (Part A) pp 249 to 250.

98 The DT rejected this account completely. It pointed out that Mr LHY was
unable to give any cogent reason as to why he would have needed the Respondent
to send the Draft Last Will to the Testator and Ms Kwa if that document had
been in his computer all along. There would have been no need for Mr LHY to
involve the Respondent at all on 16 December 2013 if he had been tasked just
to convey a message to Ms Kwa that the Testator wished to revert to his First
Will. Mr LHY said that he had involved the Respondent because he was
travelling to Brisbane later that night. But, this made no sense because the
Respondent too was due to depart for Paris just three hours after him.
Further, Mr LHY continued to be involved in sending emails and making phone
calls to coordinate the execution of the Last Will even after he had allegedly
handed the reins to the Respondent (GD at [274]–[290]). The DT also found it
suspicious that while Mr LHY had no difficulty in locating other emails from
the material time, and even emails from 2011 and 2012, he was unable to
produce the email by which he had allegedly forwarded the Draft Last Will to
the Respondent (GD at [305]). In addition, no evidence was tendered at all to
support Mr LHY’s assertion that he had been “‘privy to some drafts’ of the
First Will” [emphasis in original omitted], which raised doubts as to whether
he even had any draft of the First Will to send to the Respondent (GD at
[321]). Mr LHY’s alleged role in forwarding the Draft Last Will to the
Respondent was also not mentioned in the MC Statements, nor was it raised by
the Respondent in her defence dated 10 April 2019 to the charges brought
against her. Instead, it surfaced for the first time only in Mr LHY’s and the
Respondent’s AEICs, which were filed in June 2019, some months after the
disciplinary proceedings commenced (GD at [308]–[310]).

99 While there is no evidence before us that Mr LHY had indeed been privy to
some drafts of the First Will as he claimed, the contrary is true in the
Respondent’s case. As we noted at [15] above, the Respondent had assisted the
Testator in drafting certain aspects of his First Will. On 19 August 2011, the
day before the First Will was executed, she sent an email to Ms Kwa and the
Testator at 11.06pm, explaining that she had “done a wee bit of tidying up to
[the Testator’s] amended draft [of the First Will], to correct a few
punctuation typos in the document as well as to read [sic] the unnecessary
word ‘me’ in the opening line”. That email included an attachment titled
“WILL-LKY – Draft of 19 August 2011 – v3.DOC” (“the Version 3 Draft”). 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) p 155.

Reviewing the Version 3 Draft, it can be seen that minor typographical errors
were corrected by the Respondent, who, among other changes, removed an
unnecessary “me” in the opening paragraph of the draft and replaced a comma
with a full stop in cl 6. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

See the pages marked “1 RP (Part D) 156” and “1 RP (Part D) 160” in the Bundle
of Documents Subjected to Redaction Order.

The next day (20 August 2011), the Testator executed his First Will, which
incorporated the amendments made by the Respondent the night before and
appears to be identical to the Version 3 Draft. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Compare the First Will with the document set out on the pages marked “1 RP
(Part D) 156” to “1 RP (Part D) 160” in the Bundle of Documents Subjected to
Redaction Order.

Therefore, while the Respondent might not have appreciated this, she had in
fact been involved in finalising the drafts of the Testator’s First Will until
the end, and the Version 3 Draft that she sent Ms Kwa and the Testator at
11.06pm on 19 August 2011 seems to have become the Testator’s First Will.

100 However, although the Respondent appears to have had the final draft of
the First Will (in the form of the Version 3 Draft) in her possession, upon
being told that the Testator wished to revert to the First Will, she did not
send him the Version 3 Draft in her 7.08pm email on 16 December 2013, but
instead sent him a document titled “LAST_WILL-LKY – Draft of 19 August
2011.DOC”, 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 36, S/N 4.

that document being the Draft Last Will. It is undisputed that the Draft Last
Will became the Testator’s Last Will, and bore several differences from the
First Will (as well as from the Version 3 Draft). Notwithstanding the
differences between the First Will and the Draft Last Will (see [15] above),
it can be inferred from their broad similarities, and the fact that they both
stemmed from documents titled “Draft of 19 August 2011”, that the Draft Last
Will was an earlier draft of the First Will which was subsequently superseded
by the Version 3 Draft. Crucially, Mr LHY was not copied in the email of 19
August 2011 to which the Version 3 Draft was attached. That email strongly
points to the conclusion that the Respondent, and not Mr LHY, was the one who
had been privy to the drafts of the Testator’s First Will.

101 In line with this, we note that para 62 of the MC Letter stated that “[the
Respondent] obtained what she understood to be the final version of the
[F]irst [W]ill from 2011”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) p 270.

This was not consistent with the case advanced before the DT as well as before
this court, which was that the Draft Last Will had in effect been sent by Mr
LHY to the Testator through the Respondent, who did not even open the document
before forwarding it to the Testator. Having regard to all the circumstances
and the reasons given by the DT for rejecting this account (as summarised at
[98] above), we agree with and affirm the DT’s finding that Mr LHY was not
telling the truth when he said that he was the one who had forwarded the Draft
Last Will to the Respondent. For the same reasons, we also agree with and
affirm the DT’s finding that the Respondent’s evidence on this issue, which
echoed Mr LHY’s, was similarly untrue and to be rejected.

102 Contrary to what the Respondent and Mr LHY claimed in their AEICs, we find
on the evidence that the Respondent, upon being told by Mr LHY that the
Testator wanted to revert to the First Will, retrieved from her records a copy
of what she thought was the final draft of the First Will and sent it to the
Testator with a view to having it re-executed (see [93]–[94] above). It is
undisputed that she made no effort to establish whether whatever draft of the
First Will that she had and that she forwarded to the Testator (namely, the
Draft Last Will) was in fact the same as the executed version of the First
Will. Instead, she assumed this to be so, and represented it as such to the
Testator when she forwarded the Draft Last Will to him by way of the 7.08pm
email on 16 December 2013 and stated without qualification that it was “the
original agreed Will which ensures that all 3 children receive equal shares”.
120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 36, S/N 4.

We therefore find that the Draft Last Will emanated from the Respondent, and
not Mr LHY.

103 The Respondent also claimed in her AEIC that after she received the Draft
Last Will from Mr LHY (an assertion which we have just found to be untrue (see
[101]–[102] above)), she did not even open it before forwarding it to the
Testator. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) p 98, para 16.

This was rejected by the DT, which observed that the Respondent had testified
that she was “terrified” of the Testator, 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part A) p 229, line 9.

and “wouldn’t have dared send [the Draft Last Will] if [she] didn’t think that
it was what he wanted” 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part A) p 265, line 6.

because if she had gotten it wrong, she would have been “shot”. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part B) p 91, line 20.

If this were indeed the case, it beggared belief that the Respondent would
have assured the Testator that the Draft Last Will was the “original agreed
Will” without first opening and checking it to ascertain whether that was
indeed the case (GD at [319]–[320]). In our judgment, it is a matter of some
significance that the Respondent erroneously sent the Testator an earlier
draft of the First Will (namely, the Draft Last Will) even though the final
draft of that same will (namely, the Version 3 Draft) plainly did emanate from
her. While we agree with the DT that it is implausible and ultimately
incredible that the Respondent did not even open the Draft Last Will before
forwarding it to the Testator, it does appear that there was a notable lack of
diligence on her part in terms of the effort she made to establish whether she
had in fact retrieved the final draft of the First Will that was in her
possession. Nonetheless, on the state of the evidence that was before the DT
and before us, we have no basis to think that any changes were made by the
Respondent to the draft of the First Will that she retrieved before sending it
to the Testator. We therefore accept and proceed on the basis that she sent
the Testator the Draft Last Will in the erroneous belief that it was the final
draft and actual version of the First Will. We also find that she was in no
position to make any representation to the effect that the Draft Last Will was
the same as the actual version of the First Will, given that the executed
version of the First Will was never in her hands. Despite this, she did make
such a representation, which was in fact false.

The Respondent’s position as at 7.08pm on 16 December 2013

104 Pausing here, the Respondent’s position at the time she sent the 7.08pm
email on 16 December 2013 can be summarised as follows:

(a) The Respondent had been told by Mr LHY that the Testator wished to revert
to his First Will.

(b) The Respondent did not verify the position with the Testator. While her
failure to do so would ordinarily be unsatisfactory and objectionable, we do
not conclude that as at 7.08pm on 16 December 2013, a decision had already
been made to proceed with the execution of the Last Will without the
involvement of the Testator’s regular solicitor, Ms Kwa, such that the
attendant responsibilities of a solicitor tasked with preparing and seeing to
the execution of a will would logically fall on the Respondent. This is
because Ms Kwa had evidently been copied in the 7.08pm email, and had been
specifically requested by the Respondent to see to the engrossment of the
Draft Last Will. Ms Kwa would thus have been the natural port of call for
verifying whether the Testator had indeed given instructions to revert to his
First Will. As we put it to Mr Tan in the course of his submissions and as he
accepted, the position as at 7.08pm on 16 December 2013 was that Ms Kwa would
have been expected to verify the Testator’s instructions and then carry out
the necessary checks to ensure that the Testator would be signing the document
that he actually wished to sign.

(c) On the basis of Mr LHY’s instructions, the Respondent retrieved “what she
understood to be the final version of the [F]irst [W]ill” 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part D) p 270, para 62.

and forwarded it to the Testator by way of the 7.08pm email. While we do not
find that she deliberately sent the Testator a wrong version of the First
Will, it is common ground between the parties that the version of the First
Will that she sent him (namely, the Draft Last Will) was not in fact identical
to the executed version of the First Will. We reiterate the drafting
differences outlined at [15] above to highlight that the Draft Last Will was
undoubtedly different from the executed version of the First Will.

(d) Notwithstanding this, the Respondent represented in her 7.08pm email:

(i) expressly, that the Draft Last Will was the “original agreed Will” 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 36, S/N 4.

(meaning the First Will); and

(ii) at least implicitly, that it could be used for execution.

On the basis of these representations, the Respondent asked Ms Kwa to engross
the Draft Last Will.

105 In our judgment, the representations set out at [104(d)] above give rise
to considerable concerns. We have already alluded to these facts:

(a) The Respondent did not have a copy of the executed version of the First
Will.

(b) The Respondent did not know what, if any, changes had been made to the
last draft of the First Will that she had in her possession.

(c) The Respondent did not make any effort at all to check the position with
Ms Kwa, who she knew was the person who could verify the representations that
she had made about the Draft Last Will.

(d) The only information the Respondent had as to the Testator’s instructions
came from her husband, Mr LHY, and not from the Testator himself, and those
instructions were to “revert to the original 2011 will”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) p 96, para 13.

This, in substance, is how the instructions were expressed in both the
Respondent’s and Mr LHY’s AEICs as well as the MC Statements. This is
significant because it indicates that the Testator wanted to revert to,
specifically, the executed version of the First Will. It cannot possibly be
suggested that the Testator was indifferent to the precise contents of his
Last Will so long as it left his estate to his children in equal shares.
Indeed, if our inference at [100] above (namely, that the Draft Last Will was
an earlier draft of the First Will that was later superseded by the Version 3
Draft) is correct, then that is positive proof that in the course of the
preparation of the First Will, the Draft Last Will, despite being in
accordance with the Testator’s intention to leave his estate to his children
in equal shares, became unacceptable to the Testator and/or Ms Kwa for reasons
which are unclear from the evidence, and was therefore replaced with a
subsequent draft in the form of the Version 3 Draft.

(e) The representation set out at [104(d)(i)] above was to the effect that the
Draft Last Will was precisely the First Will that the Testator had intimated a
wish to re-execute, when, in fact, that was simply not the case.

106 While we do not find that the inaccuracy of the Respondent’s
representations about the Draft Last Will was the result of a deliberate
falsehood on her part, it highlights the danger of approaching wills with
anything other than meticulous care and attention. As the Court of Appeal
observed in Low Ah Cheow and others v Ng Hock Guan [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1079 (“Low
Ah Cheow”) at [72]–[73], albeit in a slightly different situation from the
present:

72 A will is one of the most important legal documents which an individual can
execute. Often, it embraces assets which an individual may have taken a
lifetime of effort to amass. …

73 The preparation of a will involves serious professional responsibilities,
which solicitors must uncompromisingly observe and discharge. Regrettably, it
seems to us that, all too often nowadays, solicitors appear to consider the
preparation of a will to be no more than a routine exercise in form filling.
This is wrong. Before preparing a will, the solicitor concerned ought to have
a thorough discussion with the testator on all the possible legal issues and
potential complications that might arise in the implementation of the terms of
the will. The solicitor ought to painstakingly and accurately document [her]
discussions with and [her] instructions from the testator. [She] should also
confirm with the testator, prior to the execution of the will, that the
contents of the will as drafted accurately express the latter’s intention. A
translation, if required, must be thoroughly and competently done. Half
measures or the cutting of corners in the discharge of these serious
professional responsibilities will not do.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

107 The Respondent cannot reasonably claim, much less rely upon, any ignorance
of these basic principles. In that light, she must have known, or, at the very
least, ought to be taken to have known, that she was in no position to make
the representations set out at [104(d)] above, which had the effect of
assuring the Testator that the Draft Last Will sent to him was entirely in
accordance with his wish to revert to his First Will and could be used for
execution. The fact that these representations were ultimately shown to be
false proves incontrovertibly that their veracity was something that needed to
be checked, but this was not and, indeed, could not be checked by the
Respondent herself, not least because she did not have a copy of the executed
version of the First Will.

108 The Respondent also did not highlight to the Testator, much less inform
him, that she had not in fact checked, nor was she in a position to check,
whether the Draft Last Will that she had sent him was the same as the executed
version of the First Will.

109 We shall return later in this judgment to the significance of the
foregoing observations on the representations made by the Respondent. For
present purposes, we find that as at 7.08pm on 16 December 2013, no implied
retainer had arisen between the Respondent and the Testator because the
Respondent had purported to include the Testator’s regular solicitor, Ms Kwa,
in the list of addressees in the 7.08pm email and had asked Ms Kwa to see to
the engrossing of the Draft Last Will attached to that email. Giving the
benefit of any doubt to the Respondent, this suggests that she believed, at
that stage, that Ms Kwa would duly confirm the Testator’s instructions, check
that the Draft Last Will was indeed the document that he wished to sign and
resolve any outstanding issues before actually engrossing it for execution. On
this basis, the representations made by the Respondent would not have been
relied upon by the Testator.

The events after 7.08pm on 16 December 2013

110 What happened next is disturbing and critically important. At 7.31pm on 16
December 2013, Mr LHY sent the Testator an email which was copied to the
Respondent and Ms Wong, but which simultaneously removed Ms Kwa from the list
of addressees (see [17] above). In that 7.31pm email, Mr LHY informed the
Testator that he could not contact Ms Kwa, and that he did not think it was
wise for the Testator to wait until Ms Kwa was back before executing the Last
Will. He also said that the Respondent could arrange for witnesses for the
Testator’s execution of the Last Will, which was all that was left to be done.

111 We find several aspects of this email troubling. First, Mr LHY could not
have known at that stage that the Testator would agree to the exclusion of Ms
Kwa, who, we reiterate, was the solicitor who had attended to all of his
previous wills, and who he evidently wanted to be involved in the execution of
the Last Will (see [89(b)] above). Yet, Mr LHY removed Ms Kwa from the list of
addressees in this email. Second, Mr LHY said that he “[didn’t] think it [was]
wise to wait till [Ms Kwa was] back” 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 37, S/N 5.

before executing the Last Will. However, it does not appear that Mr LHY had
checked with anyone when Ms Kwa would be contactable or when she would be
back. In fact, the evidence shows that Ms Kwa was very much contactable and
able to respond shortly after receiving the email that the Respondent sent her
at 1.16pm on 17 December 2013 after the execution of the Last Will earlier
that day (see [29] above). Third, it is unclear why Mr LHY thought it was
unwise for the Testator to wait for Ms Kwa to be back before he executed the
Last Will. As to this, the Respondent testified that the Testator was in a
rush to execute the Last Will because he “had a strong sense of his own
mortality … and … was anxious to put his affairs in order”. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part B) p 93, lines 18 to 20.

But, this is contradicted by the objective evidence, which shows that the
Testator had been perfectly content to engage in discussions with Ms Kwa
between 30 November 2013 and 13 December 2013 about changing some aspects of
his Sixth Will. In all of those discussions, there was no intimation that the
Testator had been in any particular rush to execute a codicil to his Sixth
Will to effect the changes which he had in mind.

112 Leaving aside Mr LHY’s conduct for the time being, the spotlight is then
cast on the Respondent, who would have been aware that with the exclusion of
Ms Kwa from the 7.31pm email, the Testator was being asked to proceed with the
execution of the Last Will on the basis of the representations that she had
earlier made in her 7.08pm email (namely, that the Draft Last Will was the
First Will and could be used for execution).

113 Despite the exclusion of Ms Kwa, the Respondent, a senior solicitor with a
wealth of experience, aligned herself with her husband’s position that all
that remained to be done was for the Testator to sign the Last Will before two
witnesses. This was despite the fact that the Respondent must have known or
appreciated, or, at the very least, must be taken to have known or
appreciated, that had Ms Kwa been involved as the Testator had originally
intended, there were a number of things that Ms Kwa would have had to do as
the Testator’s solicitor, as outlined at [109] above. These were quite basic
and essential steps that could not reasonably have escaped the attention of an
experienced solicitor. The most basic of these was verifying that the Testator
was being presented with the document that he actually wished to sign,
something that the Respondent must have known she could not be sure of,
especially since she had not even checked whether the Draft Last Will was the
final draft of the First Will that she had in her possession. At this stage,
and in these circumstances, it is simply untenable that the need for caution,
restraint and circumspection did not strike the Respondent. In addition to the
points which we have noted at [104]–[108] above and which we reiterate here,
there was a further concern stemming from the fact that the Last Will was a
document under which the Respondent’s husband was, to her knowledge, a
significant beneficiary. Regardless of whether or not the Respondent
specifically knew that he was going to get a larger share of the Testator’s
estate under the Last Will (because it removed the extra 1/7 share granted to
Dr LWL under the Sixth Will), what is inescapable is that he was a significant
beneficiary. This meant that the Respondent should not have continued to see
to or assist with the preparation and execution of the Last Will without Ms
Kwa’s involvement. As the Court of Appeal explained in Low Ah Cheow ([106]
supra) at [74], a solicitor:

… should … conscientiously seek to avoid being in any situation where a
potential conflict of interest may appear to exist. If the solicitor might be
perceived as anything less than a completely independent adviser to the
testator, [s]he ought not, as a matter of good practice, to be involved in the
explanation, the interpretation and the execution of the will. In particular,
exceptional restraint and care are called for if the solicitor concerned has a
pre-existing relationship and/or past dealings with the sole beneficiary under
a will, and all the more so if the will has been prepared urgently and
executed in unusual circumstances with that sole beneficiary’s active
involvement. When such a case occurs, the solicitor involved must be prepared
to have [her] conduct microscopically scrutinised and, perhaps, even [her]
motives called into question. [emphasis added]

114 By standing by the representations that she had made in her 7.08pm email
even after her husband had proposed that Ms Kwa be excluded from the
arrangements pertaining to the preparation and execution of the Last Will, the
Respondent was effectively assuring the Testator that the requisite due
diligence checks to ensure that the Draft Last Will accurately reflected his
wishes had been carried out, and that all that remained to be done was for him
to sign the engrossed version of the draft before two witnesses.

115 Before us, Prof Woon asserted that the First Will and the Draft Last Will
were similar in substance. He submitted that the Respondent had therefore
acted in the Testator’s interests, and that it would have been “meaningless”
and “insulting” for her to have advised the Testator to seek independent
advice. He submitted on this basis that the charges against her ought not to
stand. In essence, Prof Woon’s submission was that it was sufficient that the
Draft Last Will, which the Respondent had represented as being the “original
agreed Will”, was broadly similar to the First Will. We find this submission
wholly ill-conceived and contrary to the most basic principles governing the
preparation and execution of wills. It suggests that it is unimportant to
ensure that the will that is put forward for execution accurately reflects the
testator’s intentions. Given that the Respondent did not have a copy of the
executed version of the First Will, she could not have known whether or not
the Draft Last Will was in fact the document that the Testator wished to sign;
nor could she even have known whether or not it was broadly similar to the
First Will. Prof Woon’s submission also reflects the sort of attitude to wills
that invited the Court of Appeal’s warning in Low Ah Cheow in the passage
reproduced at [106] above. The particular reason why it is so important for a
solicitor to be meticulous even to the point of fastidiousness when preparing
a will is that, as we explained to Prof Woon, by the time a will is read, the
testator cannot come back to clarify his intentions or the importance or
relevance to him of changes made to a previous version of his will. There is
no evidence at all to suggest that the Testator, who was in every way plainly
meticulous with his wills, would have been content to sign a will that was, in
Prof Woon’s view, broadly similar to the First Will if he had wanted
specifically to revert to the latter. We also reiterate the observation that
we made at [105(d)] above, namely, that the only inference open to us is that
the Draft Last Will was an earlier iteration of the First Will that had been
rejected for reasons which are unclear from the evidence. We therefore have no
hesitation in rejecting Prof Woon’s submission that it was sufficient that the
Draft Last Will and the First Will were broadly similar.

116 Further, it appears from the contemporaneous note prepared by Ms Kong
after the signing of the Last Will 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 47, S/N 39.

(see [26] above) that the Testator did not have the First Will before him at
the time of signing. Hence, although he did read the Last Will before he
signed it, it is idle, if not misleading, to suggest that he would have known
whether or not it was a true and faithful reproduction of the First Will. In
truth, he was not in a position to compare it with the First Will to check
whether there were any differences between them, and if there were, to
consider whether any of the differences were material to him.

117 This is relevant because Prof Woon made much of the fact that the Testator
was legally trained, had a brilliant legal mind and was lucid at the time he
signed the Last Will. While all this is true, Prof Woon’s submission that the
Testator could therefore himself have corrected any errors in the Last Will or
any divergences from the First Will that were material to him was simply
fanciful, given that the Testator could not possibly have been expected to
recall from memory the contents of the First Will, and, thus, would not have
been able to tell whether there were any differences between the terms of the
Last Will and those of the First Will.

118 In the absence of any evidence to show that the Testator even knew that
there were differences between the First Will and the Last Will, there is no
basis at all for concluding that he would have been content with signing a
will that was merely broadly similar to the First Will if he had wanted
specifically to revert to the First Will, and all the more so without having
had the opportunity to discuss this with his regular solicitor, Ms Kwa.
Without Ms Kwa’s involvement, the Testator only had the Respondent’s
representation in her 7.08pm email on 16 December 2013 that he was being
presented with a document that was identical to the First Will. The Respondent
herself accepted that he would have believed her when she told him that the
Draft Last Will was the “original agreed Will”, 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 36, S/N 4.

that is to say, the First Will: 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part A) p 206, lines 30 to 32.

Q Will it be fair to say that [the Testator] would have trusted that what you
told him was true? Namely, that the draft was the original agreed will?

A Yes, I think he would have assumed it to be true.

119 This leads to a further point. In the light of this evidence, we cannot
accept the submission that the representations made by the Respondent to the
Testator in her 7.08pm email were merely descriptive in nature and did not
amount to legal advice. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 199.

While that might have been the case as at 7.08pm on 16 December 2013, after Ms
Kwa’s exclusion from the email chain at 7.31pm, those representations became
the sole basis on which the Testator would have concluded that the Draft Last
Will was indeed the First Will. Hence, while brief, those representations were
crucial in assuring the Testator that his instructions to revert to the First
Will were being given effect to, and, in our judgment, they did amount to
legal advice. From an objective viewpoint, the Respondent’s subsequent failure
to qualify the crucial representations which she had made indicates that she
knew, or must have known, that she was taking on the role and responsibility
of being the Testator’s solicitor for the preparation and execution of the
Last Will, at least to the limited extent of locating a copy of the executed
version of the First Will, checking the Draft Last Will against it and
ensuring that the Draft Last Will was ready for execution. That the Respondent
did not in fact attend to these tasks does not detract from this finding
because what is pertinent is whether, from an objective viewpoint, the
Respondent’s conduct warrants the imputation of a solicitor-client
relationship. Her failure to discharge the relevant responsibilities is
irrelevant to whether she should be taken in law to have undertaken those
responsibilities in her capacity as the Testator’s solicitor for the
preparation and execution of the Last Will (Malcolm Tan ([61] supra) at [11]).

120 The events subsequent to Mr LHY’s 7.31pm email fortify our conclusion that
after Ms Kwa’s exclusion from the email chain at 7.31pm on 16 December 2013,
the Respondent firmly positioned herself as the Testator’s solicitor for the
preparation and execution of the Last Will. First, before the Testator had
even agreed to Mr LHY’s suggestion to proceed with the execution of the Last
Will without waiting for Ms Kwa to be back, the Respondent went ahead to make
arrangements for Mr Lui to attend to the execution process (see [18] above).

121 The Respondent subsequently assisted in coordinating the execution of the
Last Will, and remained in close contact with Mr LHY, Mr Lui, Ms Kong and Ms
Wong throughout, even while she was on her flight to Paris (see [22] above).

122 At 12.25pm on 17 December 2013, about one and a half hours after the
execution of the Last Will, Ms Kong wrote to the Respondent, stating that the
Testator had asked Mr Lui “who drafted the will, twice … and [Mr Lui] wasn’t
entirely sure but mentioned it was primarily [the Respondent] and Ms Kwa”. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 44, S/N 30.

Mr Tan submitted that the proper inference to be drawn from the Testator’s
questions as to who had drafted the Last Will is that he was concerned with
establishing that he was indeed being presented with a document that was in
the terms of the First Will.

123 It is unclear what, if any, inference may be drawn from the Testator’s
questions to Mr Lui. Mr Tan’s hypothesis may be one. But it ultimately does
not assist the Respondent. If what Mr Tan suggested was indeed what the
Testator was seeking to ascertain, then the only real assurance he had at that
point consisted of the representations made by the Respondent in her 7.08pm
email. Unfortunately, even after being apprised of the Testator’s questions,
the Respondent never took steps to check whether the Last Will was indeed the
First Will.

124 At 1.16pm on 17 December 2013, the Respondent notified Ms Kwa that the
Last Will had been signed (see [29] above). Notably, in her email to Ms Kwa,
the Respondent did not include any of the emails from which Ms Kwa had been
excluded, beginning with Mr LHY’s 7.31pm email the previous day, in which he
said that (among other things) he thought it was unwise to wait for Ms Kwa to
be back before proceeding with the execution of the Last Will. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Record of Proceedings Vol I (Part H) pp 72 to 73.

Therefore, Ms Kwa would not have known of the circumstances surrounding the
execution process, including the fact that an attempt had supposedly been made
to contact her, and that the Testator had been encouraged by Mr LHY to execute
the Last Will without waiting for her to be back.

125 The Respondent then saw to the safekeeping of an original copy of the Last
Will, whereas the original copies of the Testator’s previous six wills had all
been kept by his regular solicitor, Ms Kwa.

126 Summarising the foregoing, the Respondent:

(a) put forward the Draft Last Will as being ready for execution by the
Testator;

(b) represented that the Draft Last Will was the “original agreed Will” 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 36, S/N 4.

that the Testator evidently wished to sign, despite knowing that she was
unable to verify this key fact on her own, and that she had not checked with
the Testator’s regular solicitor, Ms Kwa, whether this representation was
true;

(c) made arrangements for the Last Will to be executed before her colleagues,
while personally monitoring the arrangements closely;

(d) saw to the safekeeping of an original copy of the Last Will after it was
executed; and

(e) subsequently presented the fact of the execution of the Last Will to Ms
Kwa without alerting her at all to the circumstances under which it had been
executed. As a result, any cause for concern pertaining to, for example, the
accuracy of the Respondent’s representations about the Draft Last Will would
not have been evident to Ms Kwa. Instead, the Respondent merely wrote Ms Kwa
an innocuous “quick note to say that [the signing of the Last Will] has been
dealt with already”, 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 45, S/N 34.

unmistakeably leaving Ms Kwa with the impression that there was nothing left
for her to do.

127 Viewing all these matters objectively, we find it implausible that the
Respondent could reasonably think that there was no implied retainer between
the Testator and her. We do not accept that the Respondent, who knew or must
have known that the Testator wanted confirmation that the Last Will was indeed
the First Will (see [118] above), saw herself as merely assisting the Testator
with the administrative task of finding witnesses for its execution. Despite
the fact that further checks needed to be carried out to ascertain whether the
Last Will was indeed the First Will as she had represented, and that she could
not undertake such checks herself since she did not have a copy of the
executed version of the First Will, the Respondent proceeded nonetheless to
facilitate the execution of the Last Will. We do not accept that a solicitor
with the Respondent’s level of seniority could reasonably think in these
circumstances that there was no implied retainer, at least to the limited
extent of locating a copy of the executed version of the First Will, checking
the Draft Last Will against it and ensuring that the Draft Last Will was ready
for execution.

The analysis from the Testator’s perspective

128 This, however, is only part of the relevant inquiry. In assessing whether
an implied retainer ought to be imputed, the court must also undertake an
“objective inquiry of whether the putative client reasonably considered that
the putative solicitor was acting for him” [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics] (BOM v BOK ([69] supra) at [109]).

129 We have noted that as at 7.08pm on 16 December 2013, it remained the
Testator’s expectation that Ms Kwa would attend to the execution of the Last
Will (see [89(b)] and [94] above), which he believed, pursuant to the
Respondent’s representation, to be the First Will. The eventual decision to
have the execution process witnessed by the Respondent’s colleagues arose out
of Mr LHY’s intimation to the Testator that: (a) Ms Kwa was uncontactable and
appeared to be away; (b) it was unwise to wait for her to be back before
proceeding with the execution of the Last Will; and (c) the Respondent could
make arrangements to find witnesses for the Testator’s signing of the Last
Will, which was all that was left to be done. In direct response to Mr LHY’s
suggestion, the Testator replied: 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 37, S/N 7.

OK. Do not wait for [Ms Kwa].

Engross and I will sign it before a solicitor in [the Respondent’s] office, or
from any other office.

130 It is clear from this short exchange that the Testator’s shift in position
was initiated by Mr LHY, and not by the Respondent or the Testator himself.
Hence, while it is true that the Testator decided, at Mr LHY’s behest, to
proceed with the execution of the Last Will without waiting for Ms Kwa to be
back, there is insufficient evidence before us to conclude that he did so
because he considered that the Respondent was acting for him. Rather, the
better view is that the Testator had been encouraged by Mr LHY to sign the
Last Will without waiting for Ms Kwa to be back, and he did so believing the
Respondent’s representation that the Draft Last Will was identical to the
First Will, such that all that remained to be done was for him to sign the
engrossed version of the draft before two witnesses. The Testator could have
come to this view either because he did not imagine that the Respondent, as
his daughter-in-law, would have misrepresented the position to him, or because
he considered that she had made the representation in her capacity as his
lawyer for the preparation and execution of the Last Will. On balance, we
prefer the former view. This is because, first, we do not think the Testator
ever ceased to regard Ms Kwa as his solicitor, at least where matters
pertaining to his estate were concerned, even though he, like Ms Kwa, was not
fully apprised of the situation. Second, it seems to us that the Testator
proceeded as he did essentially because Mr LHY had assured him that he could
proceed in that way, and that the Respondent would assist with only the
administrative task of finding witnesses for the execution of the Last Will.
While this was an inaccurate portrayal by Mr LHY, on the limited evidence
before us, we think that the Testator proceeded as he did because of the
advice of his son, and not because he reasonably regarded the Respondent as
his solicitor for the preparation and execution of the Last Will.

131 In coming to the above conclusion, we also have regard to the Testator’s
interactions with Mr Lui. In his AEIC dated 1 July 2019, Mr Lui said that
before the Testator signed the Last Will, the Testator asked him who had
drafted the document. He told the Testator that it was the Respondent. The
Testator then asked him the same question a second time. On this second
occasion, he told the Testator that it was the Respondent and Ms Kwa who had
drafted the Last Will. Thereafter, the Testator read the Last Will himself
before proceeding to sign it. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) p 183, para 25 to p 184, para 26.

As we have said, while we do not think this exchange affords us a firm basis
to draw any inference, it does seem to suggest that the Testator drew some
assurance from the indication of Ms Kwa’s involvement.

132 In BOM v BOK ([69] supra) at [109], we stated (citing Cordery on
Solicitors (Anthony Holland gen ed) (LexisNexis UK, 9th Ed, 1995, 2004
release) at para E 425) that “[a] retainer may be implied where, on an
objective consideration of all the circumstances, an intention to enter into a
contractual relationship ought fairly and properly to be imputed to all the
parties” [emphasis in italics and bold italics in original]. Here, while we
accept that the Respondent should objectively have appreciated that she was
acting as the Testator’s solicitor for the preparation and execution of the
Last Will, we are not satisfied that the same can be said of the Testator.
Hence, we hold that no implied retainer arose from the Testator’s perspective.

133 In the circumstances, we respectfully disagree with the DT that an implied
retainer can be imputed to both the putative solicitor and the putative
client, such that a solicitor-client relationship arose between the Respondent
and the Testator.

134 On this basis, we proceed to consider whether any of the charges against
the Respondent is made out.

Whether the Respondent is guilty of grossly improper conduct or improper
conduct or practice

135 Charges 1 and 1A allege that the Respondent breached rr 25(a) and/or 25(b)
of the PCR because, in preparing and arranging for the execution of the Last
Will, she failed to advance the Testator’s interest unaffected by her own
interest and/or her husband’s interest. Charges 2 and 2A allege that the
Respondent also breached r 46 of the PCR because she acted for the Testator in
connection with a significant gift to her husband under the Last Will, and
failed at the same time to advise the Testator to seek independent legal
advice in respect of that gift. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 81 to 97.

These breaches, it is alleged, amount to “grossly improper conduct” in the
case of Charges 1 and 2, and “improper conduct or practice” in the case of
Charges 1A and 2A. What underlies a conflict of interest charge is the danger
that “a solicitor prefers [her] own interests to that [sic] of [her] client”
(Law Society of Singapore v Ezekiel Peter Latimer [2019] 4 SLR 1427 (“Peter
Ezekiel”) at [37]). The Respondent’s breaches were said to be particularly
egregious because her conduct was found by the DT to be “quite dishonest” (GD
at [588]), and to demonstrate “a calculated attempt” (GD at [588]) to ensure
that the Testator would execute the Last Will as quickly as possible without
having access to his usual lawyer, Ms Kwa, and without due regard for his
wishes. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 98 to 101.

136 The relevant parts of rr 25 and 46 of the PCR provide as follows:

Conflict of interest

25. During the course of a retainer, an advocate and solicitor shall advance the client’s interest unaffected by —

(a) any interest of the advocate and solicitor;

…

(b) any interest of any other person; …

…

…

Gift by will or inter vivos from client

46. Where a client intends to make a significant gift by will or inter vivos, or in any other manner, to — 

…

(d) any member of the family of the advocate and solicitor,

the advocate and solicitor shall not act for the client and shall advise the
client to be independently advised in respect of the gift.

[emphasis added]

137 As encapsulated in rr 25(a) and 25(b) of the PCR, a solicitor is required
to advance her client’s interest unaffected by her own interest and/or the
interest of any other person. This duty of unflinching loyalty “requires a
solicitor to place [her] client’s interests above those of [her] own as well
as those of third parties”, and “go[es] beyond the avoidance of actual
conflicts of interest, and extend[s] to proscribe perceived or ostensible
conflicts as well” (Law Society of Singapore v Tan Phuay Khiang [2007] 3
SLR(R) 477 at [62]).

138 Rule 46(d) of the PCR contains an absolute prohibition against a solicitor
acting for a client who intends to make a “significant gift” to “any member of
the family” of the solicitor. In such circumstances, the solicitor is also
mandated to advise the client to seek independent advice in respect of the
gift.

139 As is readily apparent, a breach of rr 25(a), 25(b) and 46(d) of the PCR
may be found where there is a solicitor-client relationship, and the
solicitor: (a) prefers her own interest and/or another person’s interest to
that of the client (rr 25(a) and 25(b) of the PCR); or (b) acts for the client
in respect of a significant gift to a family member of the solicitor and does
not advise the client to seek independent advice in respect of that gift (r
46(d) of the PCR). As we have found that no solicitor-client relationship
arose between the Respondent and the Testator on the present facts, the Law
Society is unable to establish that rr 25 and 46 of the PCR, which form the
gravamen of Charges 1, 1A, 2 and 2A, have been breached. Ms Koh in fact
accepted that this would follow if we concluded that there was no implied
retainer and, hence, no solicitor-client relationship between the Respondent
and the Testator. Accordingly, we find that those charges are not made out and
acquit the Respondent of those charges.

Whether the Respondent is guilty of misconduct unbefitting an advocate and
solicitor

140 That, however, is not the end of the inquiry. Under Charges 1B and 2B, the
misconduct complained of consists of: (a) the Respondent’s failure, in
preparing and arranging for the execution of the Last Will, to advance the
Testator’s interest unaffected by her own interest and/or her husband’s
interest (Charge 1B); and (b) the Respondent’s conduct in acting in connection
with the significant gift that the Testator intended to give to her husband by
will and failing to advise the Testator to be independently advised in respect
of that gift (Charge 2B). Ms Koh submitted that in respect of these charges,
even if the Respondent was not the Testator’s solicitor for the preparation
and execution of the Last Will, her conduct in that connection was sufficient
to amount to misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor under s 83(2)(h)
of the LPA.

141 We reiterate our key findings which are pertinent in determining whether
Charges 1B and 2B are made out:

(a) The Respondent was told by her husband, whom she knew had been a
significant beneficiary under the First Will, that the Testator wished to
revert to that will.

(b) To that end, the Respondent was tasked to locate a copy of the First Will,
and to send it to the Testator with a view to having it re-executed.

(c) The Respondent was told that this was to be done urgently (see [93]
above).

(d) The Respondent proceeded to locate a draft of the First Will without first
verifying with the Testator whether he did indeed wish to revert to that will.

(e) The Respondent retrieved a draft of the First Will from her own records,
evidently without checking whether the draft that she retrieved (namely, the
Draft Last Will) was the final draft of the First Will that she had in her
possession (which was in fact the Version 3 Draft). She then forwarded the
draft that she retrieved to the Testator, making the representations that it:
(i) was the First Will (and not just a broadly similar version of it); and
(ii) could be used for execution.

(f) The Draft Last Will was not in fact the document that the Respondent
thought it was and represented it to be, and that the Testator evidently
wanted. It follows that the Respondent’s representations about the Draft Last
Will were not in fact correct or true.

142 When the Respondent made the aforesaid representations:

(a) She knew or ought to have known that she was not in a position to make the
representations. First, she had not checked whether the Draft Last Will was
the final draft of the First Will that she had in her records, as is evident
from the fact that the Version 3 Draft, which also emanated from her, was a
later draft and bore some significant differences from the Draft Last Will.
Further, even if the Respondent had retrieved the Version 3 Draft, she would
not have known whether it was the same as the executed version of the First
Will as she had not attended to the execution of that will and did not have a
copy of the executed version of it. As far as the Respondent knew, it was the
Testator’s regular solicitor, Ms Kwa, who had the original copy of the First
Will. There was thus no conceivable way for her to check the veracity of her
representations without Ms Kwa’s assistance. Yet, she acquiesced in Ms Kwa
being excluded from the arrangements pertaining to the preparation and
execution of the Last Will from the time of Mr LHY’s 7.31pm email on 16
December 2013 onwards.

(b) Given her wealth of experience as a solicitor of some 37 years’ standing,
and given, especially, the signal importance of a person’s will, the
Respondent could not have failed to know that the veracity of her
representations was something that absolutely needed to be checked. From her
7.08pm email on 16 December 2013, which was apparently copied to Ms Kwa, it
appeared that she expected that Ms Kwa would undertake the work of checking
that the Draft Last Will accurately reflected the Testator’s wishes and was
indeed the document that he wished to sign.

143 The situation changed materially after Mr LHY’s 7.31pm email to the
Testator on 16 December 2013, which was copied to the Respondent and Ms Wong,
but not to Ms Kwa, who was removed from the list of addressees. In that email,
Mr LHY informed the Testator that Ms Kwa appeared to be away, and expressed
his view that it was unwise for the Testator to wait for her to be back before
executing the Last Will. Mr LHY also told the Testator that the Respondent
could arrange for witnesses for the signing of the Last Will, and held out to
the Testator that this was all that remained to be done. At that point, the
Respondent, as a senior and experienced solicitor, ought to have discerned the
need for extreme caution, restraint and circumspection that we alluded to
earlier. In our judgment, there is no doubt at all that the only proper course
for the Respondent, as a solicitor, was to intervene and tell her husband that
the execution of the Last Will could not be rushed through as he evidently
wished. It was also incumbent on the Respondent to inform her husband that if
he was unwilling to await Ms Kwa’s response to her earlier 7.08pm email, then
she simply could not continue to be involved in the preparation and execution
of the Last Will. She should, in any case, also have made it clear to the
Testator that she could not be sure whether the Draft Last Will that she had
sent him was the same as the executed version of the First Will which he
wished to reinstate, and that because she could not act as his solicitor, he
needed to either await Ms Kwa’s return or get independent advice from some
other solicitor. There is simply no other reasonable way to see the situation
given:

(a) the fact that the Respondent had been relying entirely on her husband’s
instructions and directions as to what the Testator wished to do and how his
wishes should be given effect;

(b) the fact that the Respondent’s husband had been a significant beneficiary
under the First Will, which the Draft Last Will was intended to reinstate;

(c) the fact that the Testator was in the dark as to the state of: (i) the
Respondent’s actual knowledge of the status of the Draft Last Will (in terms
of whether it was the same as the First Will); and (ii) her ability (or lack
thereof) to check the veracity of the representations that she had made about
it; and

(d) the critical importance of accuracy and meticulous care when dealing with
a will, as highlighted at [106] above.

144 The Respondent did not take any of the steps spelt out at [143] above, and
was content to allow the Testator to proceed to execute the Last Will on the
basis of her unconfirmed and ultimately untrue representation that it was the
First Will which he wished to re-execute. At no point did the Respondent even
seem to pause to reconsider the position after her husband sent the 7.31pm
email. On the contrary, before the Testator had even responded to Mr LHY’s
suggestion in that email to proceed with the execution of the Last Will
without waiting for Ms Kwa to be back, the Respondent had already gone ahead
to act on Mr LHY’s wish that the Last Will be executed expeditiously by making
arrangements for Mr Lui to attend to the execution process.

145 The Respondent’s conduct was especially unsatisfactory because there was
in fact no reasonable basis for concluding that Ms Kwa would remain
uncontactable. On the contrary, as we noted at [111] above, the evidence shows
that Ms Kwa was very much contactable, as she responded within a short time of
receiving the email which the Respondent sent her at 1.16pm on 17 December
2013 after the execution of the Last Will (see [29] above). Ms Kwa also said
in her response to the Respondent’s email that she had not received the
Respondent’s 7.08pm email the previous day, but as no evidence was led as to
whether or not Ms Kwa had received the latter email, we make no finding on
this.

146 After the Last Will was executed, the Respondent was informed by Ms Kong
that the Testator had asked twice who had drafted the document. Mr Lui was
evidently unsure, and twice said that it was the Respondent, adding a
reference to Ms Kwa on the second occasion. If nothing else, and taking Mr
Tan’s suggestion that the Testator, in asking those questions, wanted the
assurance that the Last Will was the First Will (see [122] above), this should
have signalled to the Respondent the importance of ensuring that the Testator
was fully apprised of the state of her knowledge as to whether or not the Last
Will was indeed the First Will. Yet, the Respondent did not see fit to correct
any misapprehension that the Testator might have had as a result of the
confidence with which she had represented in her 7.08pm email that the Draft
Last Will was the First Will and could be used for execution in accordance
with his wishes.

147 The Respondent also did not alert Ms Kwa to the true circumstances
surrounding the preparation and execution of the Last Will, and in effect,
whether intentionally or otherwise, removed any sign for any cause for concern
on Ms Kwa’s part. As we have noted (see [124] above), in her email to Ms Kwa
at 1.16pm on 17 December 2013 after the execution of the Last Will, the
Respondent did not include any of the emails from which Ms Kwa had earlier
been excluded, starting from Mr LHY’s 7.31pm email the previous day. As a
result, from Ms Kwa’s perspective, there was no reason to suspect that
anything was amiss with respect to the execution of the Last Will. Ms Kwa was
never apprised of the fact that a decision had been made by the Testator on Mr
LHY’s encouragement to go ahead with its execution without her because Mr LHY
thought it was unwise to wait until she was back. The Respondent might have
mitigated her culpability if she had briefed Ms Kwa fully and frankly on all
that had transpired. This might have conveyed some of the sudden urgency with
which matters had proceeded, and thereby prompted further inquiry on Ms Kwa’s
part. However, none of this was done.

148 The Respondent also facilitated the execution of the Last Will in an
unseemly rush, even though the Testator had not previously intimated that
there was any particular urgency in the matter. Indeed, from the 7.31pm email
that Mr LHY sent the Testator on 16 December 2013 (see [17] above), the
Respondent ought to have been alive to the real danger that it was her husband
– rather than the Testator – who was in a rush to have the Last Will executed.
Further, all of this occurred against the backdrop of the clear conflict of
interest that would have existed had there been a solicitor-client
relationship between the Respondent and the Testator, given the significant
gift which the Respondent’s husband stood to receive under the Last Will.
Although the Respondent might not have been aware of the precise effect of the
Last Will on her husband’s interest under the immediately preceding will
(namely, the Sixth Will), it is patently clear that she knew he would be a
significant beneficiary under the Last Will, as can be seen from her
representation in her 7.08pm email that under the Draft Last Will, “all 3
children receive equal shares”. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Record of Proceedings Vol III p 36, S/N 4.

149 In our judgment, the essence of what is objectionable about the
Respondent’s actions and why they constitute misconduct unbefitting an
advocate and solicitor despite the absence of an implied retainer may be
summarised as follows:

(a) The Respondent put forth the Draft Last Will, a critically important legal
document, to the Testator and represented to him that it reflected his
testamentary wishes and could be executed as his will, even though she had not
herself verified his instructions, and had not advised him that she was in no
position to make those representations.

(b) The Respondent acted in the manner outlined at sub-para (a) above even
though, as she conceded, the Testator would have believed and relied on her
representations about the Draft Last Will. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part A) p 206, lines 30 to 32.

(c) The Respondent’s actions were compounded by the fact that her husband was,
to her knowledge, a significant beneficiary under the Last Will.

(d) Had there been a solicitor-client relationship between the Respondent and
the Testator, the Respondent’s conduct would have constituted a grave breach
of her duties as the Testator’s solicitor, even without regard to the conflict
of interest that would have arisen.

(e) The Respondent allowed the Testator to proceed to execute the Last Will
despite all the aforesaid circumstances, and, in particular, despite knowing
that Ms Kwa, the only person who could check and verify the representations
which she had made to the Testator and which he was relying on, had been
excluded from the process.

(f) Even after Ms Kong informed the Respondent that the Testator had deemed it
necessary to ask twice about the drafter of the Last Will, the Respondent did
not take any steps to clarify the position with the Testator. This was in
spite of the Respondent’s own submission that the Testator’s questions
demonstrated a desire on his part to ensure that the Last Will was indeed the
First Will (see [122] above).

(g) After the Last Will was executed, the Respondent did not apprise Ms Kwa
fully and frankly of all that had transpired.

(h) The Respondent’s conduct must be assessed in the light of her divided
loyalties. On the one hand, she was loyal to her husband, who was a
significant beneficiary under the Last Will, and who was evidently keen to
rush its execution. On the other hand, she had a responsibility to act
honourably and to ensure that the Testator, who she would reasonably have
regarded as her client, was fully apprised of the factual position before he
proceeded to execute the Last Will. Even in the absence of an implied
retainer, the potential conflict of interest presented by these divided
loyalties must have been patent to the Respondent.

150 As the High Court observed in Uthayasurian ([63] supra) at [44], in
conflict of interest situations, “[a] risk avoidance approach is to be
preferred. The rule of thumb for a prudent solicitor is this – ‘when in doubt,
don’t’” [emphasis in original]. In this case, the Respondent not only failed
to act with prudence, but in fact acted with complete disregard for the
interests of the Testator, and failed at all stages to alert him to the fact
that the representations which she had made about the Draft Last Will and
which he was relying on were unverified. In those circumstances, the
Respondent’s failure to put a stop to her husband’s efforts to procure the
execution of the Last Will with unseemly haste can only be described as
improper and unacceptable. To put it at its highest for the Respondent, she
blindly followed the directions of her husband, a significant beneficiary
under the very will whose execution she helped to rush through. We are amply
satisfied that a reasonable person, on hearing what the Respondent had done,
“would have said without hesitation that as a solicitor[,] [she] should not
have [acted as she did]” (Peter Ezekiel ([135] supra) at [38]). Accordingly,
we find that the Respondent’s conduct amounted to misconduct unbefitting an
advocate and solicitor, and that Charges 1B and 2B, which are not premised on
the existence of a solicitor-client relationship between the Respondent and
the Testator, are made out.

151 Before moving on to the question of sanctions, we note that after the
disciplinary proceedings were initiated, the Respondent adopted the position,
which the DT rejected and which we too have rejected as false, that it was her
husband who had forwarded the Draft Last Will to her (see [97]–[102] above).
To understate her participation in the preparation and execution of the Last
Will, the Respondent also said in her AEIC that her involvement in the process
was limited to forwarding the Draft Last Will to the Testator, enlisting Mr
Lui’s help to see to its execution and introducing Mr Lui to Ms Wong, and that
she ceased to be involved thereafter (see [97] above). 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Record of Proceedings Vol II (Part A) p 99, para 20.

Like the DT, we do not accept these assertions, some of which were also
contradicted by Mr Lui’s AEIC. That was filed about three weeks after the
Respondent had filed her AEIC, and after Mr Lui had been subpoenaed by the Law
Society. In Mr Lui’s AEIC, he exhibited documents which included emails before
the Last Will was executed. These emails (“the BL Documents”) showed the
Respondent’s active involvement in coordinating the arrangements with Mr Lui,
Ms Wong and Mr LHY to ensure the expeditious execution of the Last Will after
she had introduced Mr Lui to Ms Wong. As the DT observed (GD at [188]–[190]),
many of the BL Documents consisted of correspondence that had been sent to or
by the Respondent. Despite having possession of the BL Documents and being
aware of them, the Respondent failed to disclose them, ostensibly because she
did not think that they were relevant. This was untenable, given the
importance of the BL Documents in demonstrating the true extent of the
Respondent’s participation in the preparation and execution of the Last Will,
and, in particular, in contradicting her own account that she had ceased to be
involved in the process after introducing Mr Lui to Ms Wong.

The appropriate sanction to impose

152 We turn finally to the appropriate sanction to impose on the Respondent.
While we accept that the present case is not a typical conflict of interest
case because of the absence of a solicitor-client relationship between the
Respondent and the Testator, we agree with Ms Koh’s submission that it is
nonetheless analogous to the Category 1 conflict of interest cases set out in
Peter Ezekiel at [58(a)]. Such cases involve a solicitor preferring her own
interests over those of a client. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 111.

153 Upon being told that the Testator wished to revert to the First Will, the
Respondent was well aware that she was in a position of potential conflict as
her husband had been a significant beneficiary under that will. Despite this,
she set about locating a draft of that will and sent it to the Testator,
telling him that it was the First Will. In so doing, she represented to the
Testator, at least implicitly, that the draft sent to him (that is to say, the
Draft Last Will) had been checked against the First Will and could be used for
execution. As the DT observed at [531] of its GD, the Respondent “focused
primarily on what her husband wanted done”, and “worked together with Mr LHY,
with a singular purpose, of getting [the Testator] to execute the Last Will
quickly”. In the result, the checks required to ensure that the Testator
achieved his wish of re-executing his First Will were simply not carried out.
The Respondent’s lack of due diligence is demonstrated most clearly by her
sending the Draft Last Will to the Testator without even checking whether it
was the final draft of the First Will that she had in her possession (that
draft being the Version 3 Draft) (see [102]–[103] above). In essence, the
Respondent simply focused on doing what Mr LHY wanted her to do without
considering the Testator’s interest at all. This is reinforced by the fact
that after the Last Will was executed, the Respondent asked Mr LHY, rather
than the Testator, what she should do with the two original copies of it. The
Respondent’s failure to have due regard to the Testator’s interest is a grave
failure on her part even in the absence of an implied retainer.

154 Prof Woon submitted that any potential conflict of interest in this case
had been waived by the Testator. As Prof Woon himself accepted, before any
conflict of interest can be waived, the principal must be fully apprised of
all the material facts (Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev Dave and
others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another appeal [2009] 3
SLR(R) 109 at [137]). 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 217.

In our judgment, there is no question of any waiver of a potential conflict of
interest in this case. Because the Respondent simply followed her husband’s
wishes without considering the Testator’s interest, the Testator ended up
signing the Last Will without being aware that it was in fact not the First
Will which he had evidently expressed a wish to re-execute. The Respondent’s
inaccurate representations about the Draft Last Will (as outlined at [104(d)]
above) contributed to the Testator’s decision to proceed with its execution
without waiting for Ms Kwa to be back, in the belief that in executing the
Last Will, he was in effect re-executing the First Will. Having failed to
apprise the Testator of all the material facts prior to the execution of the
Last Will, the Respondent cannot now assert that he had waived any potential
conflict of interest.

155 As we noted in Peter Ezekiel at [67], the breach of duty in Category 1
conflict of interest cases:

… will be treated severely. This is because such cases will often if not
always involve an abuse of trust inimical to the solicitor’s foundational duty
of undivided loyalty to a client and correspondingly also reveal a serious
character defect. Thus, striking off would be the presumptive penalty, unless
truly exceptional circumstances exist which render it disproportionate.

The above observations were made in the context of a solicitor-client
relationship, where a solicitor who prefers her own interests over those of a
client “inevitably abuses the trust and confidence that has been reposed in
[her]” [emphasis in original] (Peter Ezekiel at [63]).

156 In this case, we have found that no solicitor-client relationship existed
between the Respondent and the Testator, but only because, for the reasons
canvassed above, we are of the view that the Testator did not consider the
Respondent to be his solicitor for the preparation and execution of the Last
Will. In our judgment, given the absence of a solicitor-client relationship,
the presumptive penalty of striking off would be disproportionate,
notwithstanding the otherwise clear conflict between Mr LHY’s and, as a
corollary, the Respondent’s interests on the one hand and the Testator’s
interests on the other hand. Nonetheless, the sanction that is imposed on the
Respondent should reflect both her culpability and the harm caused by her
misconduct (Peter Ezekiel at [49]).

The Respondent’s culpability

157 In Peter Ezekiel, this court identified the following factors listed in
the UK Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal, Guidance Note on Sanctions (6th Ed,
2018) as being relevant when examining a solicitor’s culpability (at [51]):

(a) the solicitor’s motivation for the misconduct;

(b) whether the misconduct arose from actions which were planned or
spontaneous;

(c) the extent to which the solicitor acted in breach of a position of trust;

(d) the extent to which the solicitor had direct control of or responsibility
for the circumstances giving rise to the misconduct;

(e) the solicitor’s level of experience; and

(f) whether the solicitor deliberately misled the regulator, which is the Law
Society in our local context.

158 Considering these factors, we are satisfied that the following culpability
factors weigh in favour of a heavier sentence:

(a) The Respondent’s motivation for the misconduct, in particular, her
singular focus in achieving what her husband wanted, oblivious to the
interests of the Testator: As the Court of Appeal observed in Low Ah Cheow
([106] supra) at [72]–[74], the preparation of a will is not just a routine
exercise in form filling as it entails the preparation of “one of the most
important legal documents which an individual can execute”. A solicitor who is
tasked to prepare and attend to the execution of a will is thus impressed with
serious responsibilities, and should conscientiously avoid being in any
situation where even a potential conflict of interest may appear to exist. A
solicitor who fails to act with exceptional care and, where appropriate, as it
is here, with restraint and circumspection must be prepared to have her
conduct scrutinised and, perhaps, even her motives called into question.

(b) Planning and coordination: Relatedly, there was considerable involvement
on the Respondent’s part in seeing to the numerous details to ensure the
expeditious execution of the Last Will. By contrast, there was a remarkable
lack of diligence on her part in ensuring that the Testator’s wishes were
properly ascertained and carried out, and that he was fully apprised of all
the facts. She also did not attempt to contact Ms Kwa, who had been excluded
from all the emails pertaining to the preparation and execution of the Last
Will starting from Mr LHY’s 7.31pm email on 16 December 2013, until after the
execution of the Last Will. Further, in her correspondence with Ms Kwa, the
Respondent failed to highlight the communications that Ms Kwa had been
excluded from, with the result that there was no reason for Ms Kwa to have
been concerned about the circumstances surrounding the execution of the Last
Will.

(c) Level of experience: The Respondent was, at the material time, a solicitor
of more than 30 years’ standing. While this was the first blemish in the
course of a long career, her significant experience rendered her conduct
wholly unacceptable and inexcusable.

159 As against the above, the following factors weigh against a heavier
sentence:

(a) The extent to which the Respondent acted in breach of a position of trust:
Given that there was no implied retainer between the Respondent and the
Testator, the degree of trust which the Testator placed in the Respondent
could be said to be somewhat attenuated. Nonetheless, this factor is of
limited weight because the Testator was ultimately led by Mr LHY, with the
Respondent’s knowledge, to rely solely on the Respondent’s crucial
representations that the Draft Last Will was the First Will and could be used
for execution, which representations turned out to be untrue.

(b) Lack of dishonesty in her dealings with the Testator: On the evidence, we
do not find that the Respondent actually knew that she was making false
statements to the Testator when she put forward the representations that she
did about the Draft Last Will. In Law Society of Singapore v Udeh Kumar s/o
Sethuraju and another matter [2017] 4 SLR 1369 (“Udeh Kumar”), we held that
making a statement recklessly (meaning not caring whether it was true or
false) would amount to subjective dishonesty. The focus of the test is on “the
absence of an honest belief in the truth of what is being stated” [emphasis in
original], and, hence, a statement which is false, but which was honestly
believed to be true at the time it was made, can only be said to have been
made carelessly, but not recklessly (Udeh Kumar at [36], citing Derry v Peek
(1889) 14 App Cas 337 at 361). In the present case, there is no doubt that it
was clearly imprudent and grossly negligent for the Respondent to have held
out the representations that she made about the Draft Last Will as true.
However, we note that she had testified that she “wouldn’t have dared send
[the Draft Last Will] if [she] didn’t think that it was what [the Testator]
wanted”, 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part A) p 265, line 6.

and that she expected that “[i]f it wasn’t the right document, [the Testator]
… or [Ms Kwa] would have said so”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Record of Proceedings Vol IV (Part A) p 205, lines 8 to 9.

Her evidence about her subjective belief in this regard was not directly
challenged, and it was not put to her in the course of the hearing before the
DT that she had made the representations without an honest belief in their
truth. In the circumstances, we do not think it fair for us to make a finding
to this effect (see [103], [104(c)] and [106] above). Hence, we find that she
did not act dishonestly in her dealings with the Testator. This can be
contrasted with the cases of Law Society of Singapore v Khushvinder Singh
Chopra [1998] 3 SLR(R) 490 and James Wan ([4] supra), where the solicitors
concerned were struck off for acting with deliberate deceit and dishonesty in
their dealings with their clients so as to advance their personal interests
(Peter Ezekiel ([135] supra) at [64]–[66]). However, the weight to be placed
on this factor is lessened by the fact that the Respondent did act with a
degree of dishonesty in the disciplinary proceedings, in that she sought to
downplay her participation in the preparation and execution of the Last Will
by giving a contrived and ultimately untrue account of her role, in
particular, as regards the circumstances which led her to send the 7.08pm
email on 16 December 2013 and how she obtained the Draft Last Will attached to
that email. She also failed to disclose the BL Documents despite their clear
relevance, with the result that the extent of her participation only became
evident when the BL Documents were disclosed by Mr Lui (see [151] above).

160 Considering all the factors outlined at [158]–[159] above, we are of the
view that the Respondent’s culpability was at least moderately high.

The harm caused

161 As for the harm caused in this case, the material harm was that the
Testator ended up signing a document which was in fact not that which he had
indicated he wished to sign. The fact that the Last Will and the First Will
were materially similar was fortuitous, and does not discount the fact that
the potential harm could have been far more severe than the actual harm that
eventuated.

162 That potential harm is relevant in determining the sanction to impose on
an errant solicitor was established in Law Society of Singapore v Chia Choon
Yang [2018] 5 SLR 1068 (“Chia Choon Yang”). There, the court gave weight to
the considerable potential harm that could have been caused by the solicitor’s
failure to witness the donor’s signature of a power of attorney which gave the
donee wide powers that could have been abused, and suspended the solicitor
from practice for a period of 15 months (Chia Choon Yang at [50] and [54]). A
similar approach was taken in Law Society of Singapore v Seah Li Ming Edwin
and another [2007] 3 SLR(R) 401, where the solicitors, who acted for two
clients involved in the same accident, were each sanctioned with a term of
suspension of 18 months. In rejecting the submission that a mere censure would
be sufficient as there was no evidence that the solicitors’ misconduct had
resulted in any substantive damage or loss to the clients, the court explained
that a severe penalty was warranted by the underlying rationale for the rule
proscribing a conflict of interest (at [24]):

… There is, indeed, a larger public interest that underscores such a rule. The
legitimacy of the law in general and the confidence of clients in their
lawyers in particular are of fundamental importance and will be undermined if
such a rule is not observed. Indeed, the fact that a client may feel that he
or she is let down or betrayed by his or her lawyer can be very damaging to
the standing of the profession as a whole.

163 The court must therefore assiduously set its face against solicitors
acting in a conflict of interest, even if no actual harm is ultimately caused.
In this case, there was, of course, actual harm because even if one accepts
that the Last Will was broadly similar to the First Will, it was conceded by
the Respondent that the former was in fact not the document that the Testator
had indicated he wished to sign. As against this, we take into consideration
the fact that while the Testator had previously changed his wills several
times, after the Last Will was signed, he was content with it. He lived for
more than a year after executing it and did not revisit it, apart from
providing for the bequest of two carpets to Mr LHY in the Codicil.

164 In all the circumstances, we consider that the harm caused in this case
was at the lower end of the moderate range. We therefore consider that a
substantial period of suspension is warranted in this case.

Conflict of interest precedents

165 Before determining the appropriate period of suspension to impose, we have
regard to three cases involving a conflict of interest.

166 The first is Peter Ezekiel ([135] supra). There, the respondent solicitor
was engaged to represent two accused persons. The first accused person, Sunil,
was charged with making a false declaration in his application for a work
permit by stating a salary higher than what he was to receive. The second
accused person, Dipti, was Sunil’s employer, who had counter-signed Sunil’s
work permit application. Sunil instructed the solicitor that he was unaware at
the time he signed the application that the declared salary was false, and
that he had been deceived by Dipti into believing that his salary was as
stated in the application. The solicitor did not reflect Sunil’s instructions
in his representations to the AGC, and instead indicated that Sunil had asked
Dipti about the discrepancy between his actual salary and the declared salary,
and had accepted Dipti’s explanation before signing the application. Sunil was
convicted of the offence and fined $6,000. The court observed that the
solicitor’s preference of Dipti’s interests over those of Sunil led to a
relatively high level of harm to Sunil, who was ordered to pay what would have
been, to him, a hefty fine. He was also repatriated to India as a result. The
harm, compounded by the solicitor’s 21 years’ standing and the fact that this
was not the first time that disciplinary proceedings had been brought against
him, warranted a period of suspension of three years.

167 The second case is Ahmad Khalis ([4] supra), which we discussed earlier in
analysing whether there was an implied retainer between the Respondent and the
Testator (see [57]–[63] above). The respondent solicitor in Ahmad Khalis was
instructed by Rasid, who became the sole administrator of his late father’s
estate. The solicitor was found to have an implied retainer with the remaining
surviving beneficiaries, who had interests that were opposed to Rasid’s. Not
only did the solicitor fail to extricate himself from the position of
conflict, he also did not inform the remaining surviving beneficiaries of
Rasid’s intention to mortgage the Property (as defined at [57] above) to
secure a bank loan for his own purposes. In the circumstances, although there
was no dishonesty on the solicitor’s part, and notwithstanding that the
disciplinary proceedings against him were the first blemish in the course of a
fairly lengthy period of practice at the Bar, the court held that a period of
suspension of two years was warranted.

168 The third case is Law Society of Singapore v Sum Chong Mun and another
[2017] 4 SLR 707 (“Sum Chong Mun”). There, the second solicitor (“Kay”) asked
the first solicitor (“Sum”) to “re-certify” a form creating a Lasting Power of
Attorney (“LPOA”), under which Kay’s sister was to be the donee. Kay had
earlier signed the form as a certificate issuer and also as a witness, but the
form had been rejected by the Office of the Public Guardian as a certificate
issuer cannot be related to a donee under the LPOA concerned. Kay assured Sum
that she had explained the legal effect of the LPOA to the donor and had
witnessed his signature on the form creating the LPOA, and that the form had
been rejected only because Kay was the sister of the named donee. Based on
Kay’s representations, Sum “re-certified” the form as a certificate issuer
without even meeting the donor to confirm his understanding of the LPOA, or to
witness his signature on the form. Kay’s conduct in that case may be
analogised to a Category 1 conflict of interest, in that she procured Sum’s
participation to help her sister become a donee under a LPOA, with blatant
disregard for the donor’s interests. Kay was suspended from practice for 30
months because she: (a) had procured Sum’s assistance despite her knowledge of
the duties which Sum was obliged to discharge as a certificate issuer; (b) had
sought to deny all liability and to pin the blame on Sum in a desperate
attempt to exonerate herself, and had failed to express even a modicum of
remorse throughout the disciplinary proceedings; and (c) was “a senior member
of the Bar whose deliberate and knowing misconduct cast a pall over the
integrity and honour of the profession” (Sum Chong Mun at [63], [72] and
[74]).

The appropriate sanction in this case

169 We accept that the actual harm caused in Peter Ezekiel, where the client,
Sunil, suffered a criminal penalty and was repatriated, exceeded that in the
present case. Further, although we have found that the Respondent’s
culpability was at least moderately high (see [160] above), we are of the view
that it did not reach the level of culpability of Kay in Sum Chong Mun,
considering that Kay had actively procured Sum’s breach of his duties as a
certificate issuer of a form creating a LPOA, notwithstanding her clear
knowledge of Sum’s duties in that respect.

170 In our judgment, the degree of culpability in this case is most akin to
that in Ahmad Khalis, where the solicitor, who was found not to have acted
dishonestly, knowingly preferred the interests of one client (namely, Rasid)
despite the clear conflict between that client’s interests and the interests
of his other clients (namely, the remaining surviving beneficiaries).

171 Nonetheless, we have regard to the fact that in this case, unlike the
position in Ahmad Khalis, the Respondent was ultimately not in a solicitor-
client relationship with the Testator. Also, unlike the remaining surviving
beneficiaries in Ahmad Khalis, who were “generally unschooled in the law and
therefore relied upon the respondent for legal advice” (Ahmad Khalis at [68]),
the Testator was not an unsophisticated client.

172 This, however, is countered by the grave nature of the potential conflict
of interest that the Respondent was faced with, which, because it concerned
her husband’s interest, is treated as akin to a situation where the
solicitor’s own interest is engaged.

173 In all the circumstances, having regard to the moderate degree of
culpability and harm in this case, as well as the sanctions imposed in the
three cases discussed at [166]–[168] above, we consider that a period of
suspension of 15 months is appropriate.

Conclusion

174 For the foregoing reasons, we order that the Respondent be suspended from
practice for a period of 15 months. The parties are to make written
submissions, limited to ten pages each, on the question of costs for both the
proceedings before us and the proceedings before the DT within 14 days of this
judgment.

Sundaresh Menon Judith Prakash Woo Bih Li  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge

Koh Swee Yen and Queenie Angeline Lim Xiaoyan (WongPartnership LLP) for the
applicant;  
Kenneth Tan SC, Soh Wei Chi (Kenneth Tan Partnership) and Walter Woon SC
(RHTLaw Asia LLP) (instructed), Vergis S Abraham and Asiyah binte Ahmad Arif
(Providence Law Asia LLC) for  
the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 20 Nov 2020 (15:50 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

